The year 2019 has been fixed for the opening of the first Heineken brewery in Mozambique . The foundation of the factory was laid some days ago by the country 's Minister of Trade and Industry , Max Tonela .
The new brewery , located in the province of Maputo , between the Marracuene and Manhiça districts , is expected to gulp $ 100 million and will incorporate the latest technologies in it .
The factory will have a production capacity of 0.8 million hectoliters and will brew high quality beers for the domestic market . The first bottle of beer is expected to come off the production line in the first half of 2019 .
HEINEKEN Mozambique started its activities in 2016 through a sales and marketing office , importing international beers including Heineken® , Amstel , Amstel Lite and Sagres in the country to offer more choice to Mozambican consumers . The construction of HEINEKEN 's very first brewery is a major step forward for the company 's presence in the country .
With this significant investment , HEINEKEN Mozambique is expected to create 200 direct jobs and support additional indirect jobs through its entire value chain .
Aligned with the HEINEKEN ambition of sourcing 60 % of its agricultural raw materials in Africa by 2020 , HEINEKEN Mozambique will explore the possibility of locally sourcing the raw materials it will need to produce its beers . One of the objectives of this project will be to improve crop yields as well as the capabilities and living standards of Mozambican farmers , contributing to the economic development of the country .
Boudewijn Haarsma , HEINEKEN International 's Managing Director East & West Africa , stated : “ We are delighted to enter Mozambique , where we see promising long-term economic perspectives . The project is progressing well thanks to the support of the Mozambican Government and its commitment to bring investments into the country . Investing in a new market like Mozambique supports HEINEKEN 's ambition to expand its footprint and be the number one or a strong number two in all markets in which it operates . With our extensive experience and existing business in Africa , we also aim to be a partner for growth today in Mozambique as we already are throughout the continent . I am convinced our presence will contribute to the economic and social development that is already under way in Mozambique . ”
Nuno Simes , HEINEKEN Mozambique 's General Manager said : “ With HEINEKEN 's passion for quality , our new brewery will deliver high quality beers to Mozambique according to the international standards of the HEINEKEN Company . We look forward to continuing to provide enjoyment to Mozambican consumers with our brands . ”
Scientists soften position on DNA editing of human eggs , sperm , embryos – CBC News
Although not ready yet , powerful gene editing tools may one day be used on human embryos , eggs and sperm to remove genes that cause inherited diseases , according to a report by U.S. scientists and ethicists released on Tuesday .
The report from the National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) and the National Academy of Medicine said scientific advances make gene editing in human reproductive cells “ a realistic possibility that deserves serious consideration . ”
The statement signals a softening in approach over the use of the technology known as CRISPR-Cas9 , which has opened up new frontiers in genetic medicine because of its ability to modify genes quickly and efficiently .
In December 2015 , scientists and ethicists at an international meeting held at the NAS in Washington said it would be “ irresponsible ” to use gene editing technology in human embryos for therapeutic purposes , such as to correct genetic diseases , until safety and efficacy issues are resolved .
The latest NAS report now says clinical trials for genome editing of the human germline could be permitted , “ but only for serious conditions under stringent oversight . ”
CRISPR-Cas9 works as a type of molecular scissors that can selectively trim away unwanted parts of the genome , and replace it with new stretches of DNA .
Genome editing is already being planned for use in clinical trials of people to correct diseases caused by a single gene mutation , such as sickle cell disease . But these therapies affect only the patient .
The concern is over the use of the technology in human reproductive cells or early embryos because the changes would be passed along to offspring .
Research using the powerful technique is plowing ahead even as researchers from the University of California and the Broad Institute battle for control over the CRISPR patent .
Although gene editing of human reproductive cells to correct inherited diseases “ must be approached with caution , caution does not mean prohibition , ” the committee said in a statement .
Sarah Norcross of the Progress Educational Trust , which advocates for people affected by genetic conditions , called the recommendations “ sensible and prudent . ”
But Marcy Darnovsky of the Center for Genetics and Society said they were “ unsettling and disappointing , ” arguing that they “ constitute a green light for proceeding with efforts to modify the human germline ” — changes that can be passed to future generations . ( Thomson Reuters )
Link : http : //www.cbc.ca/news/health/crispr-1.3982016
334 total views , 334 views today
INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) — Doctors are encouraging people not to miss out on the flu shot this year .
Stephanie Nahhas suffered the flu at the wrong time .
The Butler University junior was in the midst of finals week during their sophomore year in 2016 , and they were sick .
“ It was n't fun in the least , ” said Nahhas .
This year , just six days into the flu season , Nahhas got an influenza shot .
“ Colleges are great places to pick up influenza if that was your goal because people are crammed into dorms , close contact . They may be sharing in close proximity and can really wipe you out . Missing a week of class can hurt you , ” said Dr. Christopher Belcher , a pediatric infectious disease specialist in Carmel affiliated with Indiana University Health North Hospital .
“ Go ahead and get the flu shot . It is good for you and good for those around you , ” Belcher continued .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the peak season for the flu starts in February , but cases are already popping up in central Indiana .
There is concern this flu season could be worse than usual .
Southern Hemisphere countries like Australia are used as a gauge to determine how bad a flu season will be in Northern Hemisphere nations like the United States .
Australia 's winter coincides with summer in the United States , and Australia had one of its worse flu seasons in 2017 .
“ They ( Australia ) had a bad time , ” said Belcher . “ People are concerned the flu can make a good foot hold here this year . ”
Butler University is offering free flu shots for those on campus . This year Nahhas did n't hesitate in getting their flu shot .
They explained why they made the decision early this year : “ Just to prevent any ailments , so I do n't get sick while I 'm trying to do school and study to be a student . ”
View the 10-6-17 Fallon County Times E Edition here !
Just click on the “ Click to read ” button in the center of the image below to view .
Having trouble viewing ? Try using Chrome or Firefox .
Orange County Jail
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
On Tuesday , an Arizona man was sentenced to three days in jail following an incident in which Florida deputies say they falsely told guests at a Walt Disney World resort there was an active shooter on the property . According to the police report , they made a `` significant disturbance , '' which forced the property to go on lockdown .
Orlando TV WKMG News 6 reported that authorities determined 22-year-old Dillion Burch was allegedly lying to guests at the Contemporary Resort so they could tape their panicked reactions for their YouTube channel ( though a search of their name on YouTube only currently leads to workout routines by another YouTuber ) . Per ClickOrlando :
`` Guests told authorities they had been approached by a man who was intoxicated and was saying there was an active shooter or an emergency , and that they needed to evacuate . They later admitted that it was a joke , the witnesses told authorities , and that they were doing an experiment for their YouTube channel . ''
( People magazine adds that Burch was `` highly intoxicated , citing additional police affidavits . ) When notified , the manager of the hotel approached Burch and asked them why they were claiming there was an active shooter . Burch allegedly told the manager they were working on a school project .
After the manager called the police , Burch left the hotel and hid in a row bushes outside — where security later found him . Police arrested Burch there , and they they were charged with disturbing the peace and disorderly intoxication . They were also kicked out of their hotel room and is now banned from Walt Disney World properties .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
WKMG reports Burch appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded `` no contest '' to the charges . Despite their plead , the judge sentenced them to jail for three days . However , Burch is reportedly out on bond .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Cleveland Ohio Facebook killer hunted by police – BBC News
Police in Ohio are searching for a man who fatally shot a “ random ” victim and posted the footage on Facebook .
The suspect , Steve Stephens , later said in a separate video post that they had killed 13 people and was looking to kill more .
Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams confirmed one killing but said they did not know of any other victims .
Mr Williams said that “ multiple forces ” were looking for Mr Stephens , who “ needs to turn themselves in ” .
The victim has been identified by Cleveland police as 74-year-old Robert Godwin .
“ There is no need for any further bloodshed in this incident tonight , ” police chief Calvin Williams said at a news conference on Sunday .
“ We need to bring this to a conclusion today , ” they said , adding : “ We need to get Steve from the streets . ”
Mr Williams said that authorities had put out alerts “ in the state of Ohio and beyond ” over the “ senseless ” incident , and urged people not to approach the suspect , who they said was likely to remain armed and dangerous .
The Cleveland police department issued a photo of Mr Stephens , 37 , on its website , describing them as a 6ft 1in ( 1.9m ) tall black male of medium complexion .
They are thought to be driving a white or cream-coloured SUV ( sports utility vehicle ) .
Mr Williams said that the victim appeared to have been selected at random in what they described as a “ senseless ” murder .
They added that Mr Stephens “ clearly has a problem ” and urged them to come forward in order to “ receive the help that they need ” .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) is collaborating with local police as it investigates the incident , CNN reports .
The mayor of Cleveland , Frank Jackson , said that they wanted Mr Stephens to know that “ he will eventually be caught ” .
A fundraising page set up to help the family of Mr Godwin had received more than half of its target of $ 20,000 ( £16,000 ) within hours of publication .
Facebook said in a statement on Sunday that it co-operates fully with the authorities in incidents where there are “ direct threats to physical safety ” .
Responding to the reports involving Mr Stephens , the company said that it was “ a horrific crime ” , adding that it “ does not allow this kind of content ” on its site .
It is not the first time that a fatal shooting has been posted or streamed on Facebook . Last June , a man was shot dead while live-streaming a video of themselves on the streets of Chicago . In March , an unidentified man was shot 16 times while broadcasting live .
Facebook 's live-streaming feature , which was launched in 2010 , allows anyone to broadcast online in real time . ( BBC News )
LInk : http : //www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-39617883
2,016 total views , 2,016 views today
After nearly two years of anticipation , the “ Boy Meets World ” sequel “ Girl Meets World ” finally premieres on Friday ( 9:45 p.m. ) , giving us the first glimpse of the sitcom 's beloved characters ...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A crooked Birmingham cleaner caught stealing from a couple when they were spotted wearing stolen earrings on Facebook has been jailed for 18 months .
Maxine Ferran , from Kitwell Lane , Bartley Green , admitted stealing £7,000 worth of items from Cliff and Paris Bradley 's family home , near Warwick , where they had been employed for 18 months .
The 47-year-old stole high value items last summer , including expensive jewellery , handbags and make-up .
Warwick Crown Court heard that the mum-of-two had even stolen money from the couple 's eight-year-old son and family heirlooms described as “ irreplaceable ” “ totally unique . ”
Ferran was convicted after a trial at magistrates . But they were given extra time ahead of sentencing today to return an extremely rare gold coin mounted on a pendant and cuff-links that had belonged to Mr Bradley 's great-grandfather .
Ferran had denied stealing the items , but failed to attend court a week ago after telling Judge Sylvia de Bertodano they had been waiting for the items to be returned in the post .
The judge said the items had “ importance way beyond their financial value ” and reduced the sentence by six months , following the safe return at today 's hearing .
The court heard Ferran had previous dishonesty offences which dated back to 1991 and included and offence of going equipped for burglary .
Simon Hunka , on behalf of Ferran , described the offending as “ terrible ” . But they added : “ She was married and has two children .
“ Five years ago their husband passed away . They were the breadwinner and as a family everything changed .
“ Following the death they lost their home and moved in with their daughter , who is a serving police officer .
“ Her son , who is now 20 , has a number of complex issues and needs and only this defendant can help with those needs at present . They have also been diagnosed with anxiety and depression , linked to the loss of their husband and the financial issues thereafter .
“ I ca n't say this excuses what they have done , but it can go to explain why things have changed .
“ It has not been easy for them to get these items back . They do feel a level of remorse for what they have done and has written a letter that is to be conveyed to the family . It says that they are sorry . ”
Proceedings were however temporarily delayed when prosecutor , Anthony Cartin , said they believed false mitigation had been presented about Ferran 's husband 's death
They said : “ It 's the prosecution 's duty to bring to attention any belief that false mitigation may have been put before the court .
“ Mr Bradley has known the defendant for some time . It 's their understanding that it 's not true . They say they offered their ex-husband 's services for decorating work a year ago and does not accept it to be true . ”
Following a short adjournment Mr Hunka said their instructions had not changed , and Judge de Bertodano said Ferran would be sentenced without any ruling on the issue .
In jailing them for 18 months , they said : “ The sum that you stole is between £6,000 and £7,000 , but that does not quite demonstrate the damage that you did .
“ I have heard from Mr and Mrs Bradley and I have read a letter from their son . They were highly distressed by what you did and about the items of sentimental value that you took .
“ You told me that you had no idea about those items , but when I gave you an opportunity to go and find them , you did . I will give you credit for that . ''
The judge added : “ The other element is that an eight-year-old boy had cash stolen . They are a very articulate little boy . They say they treated you as a friend and that is a trust you breached .
“ I am treating this as something that has had a huge effect on this family .
“ This is theft in breach of trust . There is significant additional harm . When people let others into their homes to do work for them they do place a significant amount of trust in them .
“ When this happened again and again it is impossible to say there was not significant planning . You were using this employment to steal from this family .
“ I do give you significant credit for bringing the items back and reduce the sentence from two years to 18 months .
“ I also order an indefinite restraining order that you should not contact the Bradley family directly or indirectly . ”
Cybercrime 's threat in a cashless world
The drive towards a cashless society may eventually eliminate cash-based crimes , but there are myriad ways our digital life can be exploited by criminals and even governments . Fraud , transaction laundering , hacking - the digitisation of commerce and banking has left us vulnerable in new ways . Martin Wolf , the FT 's chief economics commentator , tells us why going cashless is n't the answer to preventing crime .
ABC Image Group LA ( LOS ANGELES ) — ABC has revealed the premiere date for Viola Davis and their hubby Julius Tennon 's docu-series The Last Defense .
ABC announced on Monday that it will premiere 's the couple 's series on Tuesday , June 12. at 10 p.m . ET .
Prior to the telecast , ABC will screen the first episode on Friday , April 27 , at the 2018 Tribeca Film Festival in New York City .
The series , which offers an in-depth examination of a number of death-row cases , is designed to explore and expose flaws in the American justice system .
One of the stories in the series will look at the case of Julius Jones , a college athlete convicted of shooting a father of two at point-blank range . In the episode , their attorneys race against the clock to get them a new trial before their execution date is set .
The Last Defense , executive produced by Davis and Tennon under their JuVee production banner , will tell its stories by “ returning to the scene of the crime , re-interviewing witnesses and delving beyond the details of the crime and court proceedings . ”
1:54
Keep an eye out for this giant peacock in Boise this week
1:17
This volunteer group can lend you free medical equipment
1:41
Leam Richardson has laughed off suggestions the ‘ handbags ' in the tunnel at the end of Wigan Athletic 's clash against Fleetwood on Saturday was in any way comparable to Sunday 's ‘ Milkgate ' episode at Old Trafford that has made worldwide headlines .
While the nation is lapping up every last detail of the post-match spat involving Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho and various Manchester City staff , Richardson has dismissed the incident that occurred at the DW Stadium as a storm in a teacup .
There were suggestions on Saturday evening that a Latics player had been head-butted either just before or just after the final whistle .
Richardson , though , insists it was no big deal .
“ It was just Ivan Toney and Nathan Pond – a centre-forward against a centre-half – coming together , ” revealed Richardson .
“ I do n't think there was much in it , they were laughing about it in the dressing room after .
“ It 's one of those where they wait for a group to come around them and then they start pushing and shoving rather than getting on with it themselves .
“ That 's what can happen when there are big personalities involved .
“ You 're playing against senior players , and senior players want to win .
“ Now and again it can get like that , but there was n't anything in it at all .
“ It lasted all of about three seconds , I think , and then it was over . ”
When asked about their own involvement in the incident , Richardson smiled : “ I went the other way , towards the ref and left the big lads to it ! ”
Toney is in line for a rare start on Tuesday night as Latics look to put away AFC Fylde at the second attempt , to secure an FA Cup third-round trip to Premier League Bournemouth .
The likes of Max Power , David Perkins , Gavin Massey and Gary Roberts are also hoping to be given the nod , with Paul Cook aiming to play a strong side to get the job done – while also looking to give some of their big guns a well-earned breather .
But the carrot of a Premier League trip for the winners is something that will keep the side firmly focused .
“ You 're always looking ahead to what 's around the corner , ” Richardson added .
“ A win would mean a third-round tie at Bournemouth , a team we know very well having been down on the south coast for a couple of years with Portsmouth .
“ We know we 've got a very tough test before then to put to bed against Fylde , but whoever progresses certainly has a good tie on the way .
“ We have to make sure it 's us . ”
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Banks ' overdraft fees have critics seeing red
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A huge blaze which tore through a warehouse in Lichfield was started deliberately , fire investigators have revealed .
More than 60 firefighters tackled the blaze which broke out at the Crossfield Industrial Estate at around 7.20pm on Tuesday .
Around 5,000 tonnes of waste was stored in bales inside the former GKN site , though only a small amount of the waste itself was affected by the fire .
( Photo : Lichfield Mercury )
A joint investigation by police and the fire service on Wednesday has now determined that the blaze was started deliberately .
Station Manager Bob Preston , from Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service , said : “ It is extremely concerning that this fire was caused deliberately and we will be working closely with Staffordshire Police as they carry out their investigations . Anyone with information is encouraged to contact them .
( Photo : Lichfield Mercury )
“ These fires take up considerable time and resources . If so many of our firefighters are at these incidents they are not available to respond to other emergencies .
“ It is also very disappointing to see another large fire involving illegal waste in Staffordshire . This is the fourth incident of its type in the last 12 months .
( Photo : Lichfield Mercury )
“ We had already visited and risk assessed this site . Thanks to our planning work with partner agencies we were able to put our robust multi-agency plans into action and limiting the scale and impact the fire had on the surrounding community and transport network .
“ We are still advising local people to keep windows and doors closed , due to the smoke , as a precaution . ”
( Photo : Lichfield Mercury )
“ There are still crews at the scene continuing work to put out the fire and we expect to have firefighters at the incident for the next few days . ”
A police cordon was put up around the scene on Tuesday evening while the nearby Cross City line was also affected .
Emergency services advised people in areas affected by the smoke to stay indoors and keep windows and doors closed , while drivers were also urged to avoid the area where possible .
By Naomi Uzor
The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry , LCCI , yesterday kicked against listing of the names of corporate organisations in the media over allegations that are not yet proven .
The Director General of LCCI , Mr. Muda Yusuf , in a statement yesterday , noted that such action has considerable reputational cost and collateral damage to such companies .
In their words : “ Allegations and petitions received by the national assembly about infractions by the private sector should be properly verified for credibility before presenting such to the media . The most recent of such public pronouncements was the alleged N30 trillion revenue loss , and missing 288 vessels by the Senate Joint Committee on Customs , Excise , Tariffs and Marine Transport . 63 firms were accused of complicity in the alleged scam .
” These are grave allegations that needed to be subjected to proper scrutiny before going public . The implications for the nations image and foreign investors ' perception are severe ” they said .
They also lamented that the frequency at which corporate chief executive officers ( CEOs ) are summoned by the National Assembly to Abuja has significant financial implications to the organizations , such as cost of flight , cost of hotels and other logistics for appearing before the national assembly .
“ The Executive Time committed to appearance before committees of the National Assembly is enormous . This is even more so when most of the Committees would insist that appearance should be at the level of the CEOs of the companies . There is need for summons to be focused on specific infractions rather than generic charges of infractions .
” Statutory agencies of government are most often the custodians of some of the information that the private sector is often required to provide to support legislative investigations . It is more cost effective to access this information from these agencies of government ” they noted .
WASHINGTON , D.C. – The federal government has unveiled new safety standards for baby sling carriers after 17 deaths and 67 injuries were reported from January 2003 to September 2016 .
The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced any carriers manufactured after Jan. 30 must include statements about suffocation hazards , language about the hazards of children falling out of slings , and a reminder to check hardware to ensure no parts are broken .
The warning labels must come with instructions and illustrated diagrams showing the proper position for a child in a sling .
The mandatory federal standard also requires sling carriers to :
• Be able to carry up to three times the manufacturer 's maximum recommended weight ,
• Be more durable to avoid seam separations , fabric tears , breakage , etc. , and
• Be able to keep the child being carried from falling out of the sling during normal use .
Parents and caregivers reported 159 incidents to the Consumer Product Safety Commission between 2003 and 2016 , including 17 deaths and 67 injuries related to falls and suffocation .
To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC 's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at 301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired .
Injuries were reported on Monday morning following a crash between a Lee District school bus and an SUV on Buckingham Road in Fort Myers .
According to the Florida Highway Patrol , no children were involved , however the bus driver and SUV driver were both injured and rushed to the hospital .
The highway patrol said the driver of the SUV suffered traumatic injuries .
The crash shut down Buckingham Road near Bird Road completely in both directions . As of 7:30 a.m. , the scene was cleared and traffic began traveling in both directions .
TM & © 2017 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
NFL Network 's Ian Rapoport and Mike Garofolo dropped two interesting nuggets today regarding Trent Baalke 's firing from the 49ers .
A ) Baalke did not have relationships with the coaching staff , rarely asking for their input on players .
B ) Chip Kelly wanted to draft Dak Prescott , but Baalke did not .
Sources told KNBR.com a few other details of Baalke 's lack of communication skills and a distorted sense of reality .
Some assistant coaches said Baalke never learned their names . Communication with coaching ran only through Chip Kelly . Cliche speeches the former GM delivered to the scouting department about “ winning championships ” fell on deaf ears . Some wondered if the aloof Baalke realized they were being taken as a joke around the building .
“ There was n't tension but the building felt fractured , ” said the source .
Also , assistant coaches complained at the lack of urgency from Baalke and their scouting staff . In a season in which they realized their job was going to be on the line , Baalke 's biggest free agent acquisition was left guard Zane Beadles and they drafted no skill position players until the sixth round of the draft .
Baalke was trying to jam a square peg into a round hole with their roster and let top-level assistant like Tom Gamble empower them to do so .
The battle over personnel was highlighted over Marcus Rush on the practice squad . To start the year , O'Neil said they would be shocked if the outside linebacker was n't on the 53-man roster later in the season . But Baalke refused to promote him , even when pass rushing was badly needed .
“ I 'm not going to second guess people in the building , ” O'Neil said . “ So , I 'm not going to go there . ”
After Kelly said the 49ers do n't have a wide receiver other teams have to double-cover , I asked offensive coordinator Curtis Modkins if they lobbied to Baalke that this team needed more receivers in the offseason .
“ I 'm not involved in any discussion with Trent about anything like that , ” Modkins said .
Of course , all of this falls back on delusional Jed York , who let Baalke hire Kelly without understanding their brands of football were n't going to mesh . The 49ers GM drafted defensive players in the first round four straight years ; Kelly 's offense requires three wide receivers and an accurate quarterback — pieces Baalke did not value at all .
Baalke 's first problem was their backwards football philosophy , but their second problem was communication . They did n't listen to what their coaches were telling him . In Trent Dilfer terminology , a lot of Baalke 's groceries were meant for a different meal .
BEND , Ore. ( AP ) – Human remains discovered last week southeast of Bend are thought to be those of Sara Gomez , a Bend woman who has been missing since February .
An autopsy was performed Tuesday , but Deschutes County District Attorney John Hummel said it could take weeks to get results .
Hummel said several factors point to the body being Gomez , including a unique dental feature that they declined to describe . They said evidence indicates the remains had been in the same place for months , and not recently moved there .
Authorities continue to believe Gomez was killed by their ex-boyfriend , Bryan Penner , and that they acted alone .
Penner was taken into police custody two days after the disappearance . They killed themselves while in jail .
MIAMI - Jose Urena and three relievers combined on a four-hitter Wednesday afternoon , and the Miami Marlins shook off the hangover from a 16-inning loss to beat Tampa Bay 3-0 .
J.T . Riddle singled , tripled and homered .
The teams took the field barely 12 hours after the Rays won a 5 1/2-hour marathon . But Urena was well-rested in their first outing since June 20 , when they were sidelined by right shoulder impingement .
Urena pitched five scoreless innings and struck out six before departing for a pinch hitter after throwing 78 pitches .
Drew Rucinski ( 4-1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for their second win in the series . Brad Ziegler pitched around a walk in the ninth to earn their 10th save .
The Marlins took the series and went 5-5 on their longest homestand of the year . The Rays lost for only the third time in the past 12 games .
Riddle 's RBI triple in the sixth put the Marlins ahead . The ball appeared catchable , but sailed over the head of center fielder Kevin Kiermaier near the wall .
Riddle then scored on a fielder 's choice , sliding home ahead of the throw by shortstop Willy Adames on J.B. Shuck 's grounder . Riddle added their fifth homer in the ninth .
After using nine pitchers Tuesday , the Rays called up right-handers Andrew Kittredge and Ryan Weber from Triple-A Durham as reinforcements . Weber ( 0-1 ) allowed two runs in five innings .
Three Rays -- Kiermaier , Daniel Robertson and Jake Bauers -- started after playing all 16 innings Tuesday . They went a combined 0 for 11 .
TANTRUM
When the Rays ' Carlos Gomez returned to the dugout after striking out in the second inning , they took three swings at a cooler , and the resulting thuds could be heard throughout the ballpark . Gomez then punched another cooler , which sent cups flying over the dugout railing .
Despite all that solid contact , Gomez is batting only .195 . They were jeered in subsequent at-bats by the crowd of 7,572 .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Rays : RHP Chris Archer ( left abdominal strain ) felt fine after a rehab start and could rejoin the rotation as early as Monday against the Tigers . ... LHP Vidal Nuno ( right hamstring strain ) , who earned the victory Tuesday and contributed two hits before they were hurt , went on the 10-day disabled list . ... RH Wilmer Font ( right lat strain ) was transferred to the 60-day DL .
Marlins : OF Lewis Brinson ( left hip inflammation ) , batting only .186 , was placed on the 10-day disabled list . ... 3B Martin Prado ( left hamstring ) and 1B-OF Garrett Cooper ( bruised right wrist ) are expected to be activated for the upcoming series at Washington . ... Miami recalled LHP Dillon Peters from Triple-A New Orleans .
UP NEXT
Rays : Following a day off , the Rays play a three-game series at the Mets , with their starter Friday to be announced .
Marlins : RHP Pablo Lopez ( 1-0 , 3.00 ) , who beat the Mets in their major league debut Saturday , is scheduled to start Thursday when Miami opens a four-game series at the Nationals .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Easter comes every year but it is n't on the same date .
That can lead to confusion and uncertainty as Easter can fall any time between March 22 and April 25 .
The date is important not only for determining Easter 's religious celebrations but because it decides when Lent will be - and also when Mothering Sunday or Mother 's Day ( the fourth Sunday of Lent ) will take place in the UK .
In addition , many use the four-day weekend from Good Friday to Easter Monday as an opportunity to book holidays - and the earlier you do this , the better for prices and availability . If you 're clever , you can even double the time off over Easter .
Easter also usually means a two-week , end-of-term break for schools , colleges and universities - but when exactly are those holidays ?
Here 's all you need to know .
So when is Easter in 2018 ?
For 2018 , Good Friday will fall on Friday , March 30 .
The next day ( March 31 ) is correctly known as Holy Saturday . Although it 's commonly referred to as Easter Saturday , that is actually the name for the Saturday after Easter , which in 2018 will be April 7 .
Easter Sunday or Easter Day - the main day of the Christian festival , marking the day Jesus rose from the dead - is on Sunday , April 1 ( yes , the same as April Fool 's Day ) .
And then Easter Monday is on April 2 .
So the Easter dates for 2018 to remember are :
Good Friday - March 30
Easter Sunday - April 1
Easter Monday - April 2
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
So Easter 2018 is a whole TWO WEEKS earlier than the 2017 dates .
Good Friday and Easter Monday are both public holidays in the UK . This means Easter creates a four-day weekend .
Easter 2018 school holidays
For schools in Birmingham City Council area , the spring term ends on Thursday , March 29 , and the summer term starts on Monday , April 16 .
That means the Easter break is from Good Friday , March 30 , through to Sunday , April 15 .
The same dates apply for most other schools including those in Dudley , Wolverhampton and Sandwell council areas .
Easter Sunday 2018 is in 0 Days 0 Hours 0 minutes 0 Seconds
Easter egg hunts
Easter brings lots of family fun and there are lots of egg hunts taking place across the Midlands , including Birmingham .
They include events at Cadbury World , Birmingham Botanical Gardens and the Museum of the Jewellery Quarter .
Clent Hills , Moseley Old Hall , Selfridges and Solihull 's Elmdon Park are also offering similar activities where children have to find the hidden eggs .
National Trust properties around the region are also inviting children to search for eggs as part of their Easter-themed fun .
Easter weather forecast
If you 're planning some family days out over Easter , that could well depend on the weather .
You 'll need to bear the forecast in mind for any outdoor activities .
So what does the Easter weather have in store ?
The Weather Channel warns that Britain could be poised for a White Easter as some long-range forecasts predict another Siberian chill gripping the country .
There is still uncertainty over the outlook but a growing number of computer models are indicating a cold , unsettled spell of weather in the run-up to the holiday period .
UK weather forecasters warn of 'White Easter ' as snow sweeps in
Greek Easter dates for 2018
Whereas the Western Christian Church uses the Gregorian calendar and will celebrate Easter on the dates given above , the Eastern Orthodox Church uses the earlier Julian calendar to work out what 's called Greek Easter or Orthodox Easter .
In some years - as happened in 2017 - the Western and Eastern dates for Easter are the same .
But in other years , they are different .
In 2018 , Greek Easter will be a week later than Western Easter , celebrating Good Friday on April 6 , Easter Sunday on April 8 and Easter Monday on April 9 . None of those dates will be public holidays in the UK .
Why does the date of Easter change every year ?
Although known today mostly as a time for eating chocolate eggs , Easter is a Christian celebration of the Resurrection of Jesus , as described in the Bible .
The Gospels - accounts of the life , death and Resurrection of Jesus that are included in the Bible - place the date of the Crucifixion as Friday , April 3 , although mention of an eclipse occurring on that day has created further debate .
The year of the Crucifixion has been worked out to be 33 AD by comparing with references to high priest Caiaphas , governor Pontius Pilate and emperor Tiberius Caesar , who all lived around the same time as Jesus .
So , if we know Jesus died on April 3 , why is the date of Easter different every year ?
It 's because the last week in the life of Jesus - a period known as the Passion - includes a series of connected events that must fall in the right place on the calendar .
These include the Last Supper ( on what 's now known as Maundy Thursday ) and the Crucifixion ( on what we call Good Friday ) . That was followed two days later by the Resurrection , when Jesus rose from the dead ( on Easter Sunday ) .
The Last Supper was at or around the time of Passover , the Jewish holiday celebrating the Israelites being freed from slavery in Egypt . Passover begins at the full moon .
Various early calendars used in different areas meant there was no consensus on the date of Easter until a group of bishops gathered at the First Council of Nicea in 325 AD to lay down rules on how it should be worked out .
They decided that Easter ( meaning Easter Day or Easter Sunday ) must always be a Sunday . It had to be the first Sunday following the full moon at Passover , the time of the Last Supper .
But because the full moon can fall on different days in different time zones , it was decreed that the date would always be taken as the 14th day of the lunar month , and it must always be the next full moon AFTER the Spring Equinox .
This is now called the Paschal Full Moon , and it can vary by two days from the actual full moon .
Once that date is known , then the Easter holidays can be given their place on the calendar .
Still confused ? Then watch the video above .
It 's worth adding that Passover itself is based on the Jewish calendar , which is different to the Gregorian calendar used by the Christian Church to work out Easter .
Every two or three years , a 13th month is included in the Jewish calendar and this can lead to Passover actually taking place after Easter , as happened in 2008 .
You can find some great deals on days out and events on Groupon here - including family and attractions , sport , shows and exhibitions , and arts and theatre
Meek Mill ( full name : Robert Rihmeek Williams ) is a 30-year-old rapper from Philadelphia . He 's best known for their debut LP , 'Dreams and Nightmares . '
PHILADELPHIA - It was announced Tuesday that rapper Meek Mill would be released from prison , after having been sentenced late last year to serve two to four years for probation violations , stemming from a decade-old case .
Philadelphia 76ers co-owner and close friend of Mill 's , Michael Rubin , was the first to announce the news on Instagram . Mill 's lawyer later confirmed the news .
`` @ meekmill is FREE ! ! ! Just left visiting Meek with @ kevinhart4real and I 'm on the way back to pick them up as we speak ! '' Rubin wrote Tuesday afternoon .
Just hours after their release , the rapper , who hails from Philadelphia , was photographed at the 76ers home game against the Miami Heat .
The 30-year-old rapper had been serving time for violating probation , which notables like Kevin Hart and Jay-Z have spoken out against , calling the ruling to jail Mill unjust and part of a larger racial issue . According to The Associated Press , Mill had been on probation for nearly a decade in a drug and gun case that occurred when they were 19 .
Mill 's lawyer Joe Tacopina also confirmed the release to ABC News in a statement that read , `` We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge [ Genece ] Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail . As we have said all along , Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail . ''
Tacopina continued , `` Meek is excited to be reunited with their family , and we , along with Meek , intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured . ”
Mill themselves also posted to various social media accounts , clearly excited about the prospects of coming home and thanking those who had helped the rapper obtain their release .
`` I 'd like to thank God , my family , my friends , my attorneys , my team at Roc Nation including Jay-Z ... my good friend Michael Rubin , my fans , the Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time , '' they wrote . `` While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letter and rallies have helped me stay positive . To the Philadelphia District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice -- not only for my case , but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct . ''
`` Although I 'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues , '' Mill concluded . `` In the meantime , I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career . ''
After the ruling to jail Mill their past November , hundreds of protesters gathered outside Philadelphia 's Criminal Justice Center to call for Mill 's prison sentence on probation violations to be overturned .
Rapper Rick Ross and Philadelphia 76ers legend Julius Erving spoke at the event . Jay-Z also penned an opinion piece for the New York Times , titled `` The Criminal Justice System Stalks Black People Like Meek Mill . ''
2018 ABC News
Grania Guinness , the Dowager Marchioness of Normanby , who has died aged 97 at their Yorkshire home , was the benefactrice of the Moyne Institute for Preventative Medicine in Trinity College Dublin over seven decades , funding its initial construction and subsequent renovations in memory of their murdered father .
They were the last of their generation of grandchildren of the first earl of Iveagh who brought the Guinnesses into the British aristocracy and made them one of the wealthiest families in the United Kingdom in the early 20th century .
Born in London in 1920 , Grania Maeve Rosaura was the third child and only daughter of Walter Guinness and their wife Evelyn Erskine . They spent parts of their childhood at the family 's Irish home , Knockmaroon , beside the Phoenix Park at Chapelizod in Dublin , but grew up mainly on the family 's estate in Sussex and in London .
As a daughter of the politician-cum-adventurer Walter and the somewhat eccentric Evelyn , they received little formal schooling and liked to say they had never sat an exam . Them ambition was to be a ballerina and they put all their efforts into studying under a Russian balletmaster but was thwarted in their teens when they grew too tall .
Assassinated
The second World War years were a pivotal time for her , firstly with the death of their mother in 1940 . They joined the British women 's auxiliary air force and was a section officer involved in the analysis of aerial reconnaissance photographs of German military and industrial sites .
In 1944 , the traumatic event , which their son said in a eulogy at their funeral affected them for the rest of their life , occurred in Cairo where their father was assassinated by Zionists .
Walter , then Lord Moyne , was the British government 's wartime representative in the Middle East and they and their driver were shot dead by members of Lehi , better known in Britain as the Stern Gang , in protest at Britain 's efforts to curb Jewish immigration to Palestine . The killers were caught , tried and hanged : their remains were returned to Israel in 1975 where they received a state funeral and stamps were issued in their honour .
Grania offered to fund a building for the department of bacteriology in Trinity in memory of their father . The foundation stone for the Moyne Institute was laid at the Lincoln Place corner of College Park in 1950 . The building was designed by Desmond FitzGerald , then the professor of architecture in UCD and architect of the original Dublin Airport terminal .
The day the building was unveiled in 1953 , they were conferred with an honorary degree by the chancellor of the university , their uncle Rupert , the second earl of Iveagh .
Philanthropist
Maintaining the longstanding Guinness association with Trinity , Grania went on to contribute funds to extend and renovate the Moyne Institute in every decade since , most recently in 2012 . They were pro-chancellor of the university from 1985 to 1995 .
In 1951 they married Oswald Phibbs , the Marquess of Normanby , a large landowner in Yorkshire and a philanthropist associated mainly with the blind . Wounded and captured at Dunkirk , Oswald devised a makeshift system for teaching braille to blinded prisoners of war before they were repatriated through neutral Sweden in 1943 .
The couple lived at Mulgrave Castle , near Whitby in Yorkshire , which has been in the Phibbs family since 1718 . Grania preferred country life to city living and developed a number of local ventures , including an award-winning museum about the 18th century explorer , Captain James Cook , in the house in Whitby where they had lodged as an apprentice seaman . In 2000 , they received an OBE for their many charitable works and donations .
Brought up as an Anglican , they became a Catholic in their 80s and wrote an account of the martyrdom of Fr Nicholas Postgate , an elderly Yorkshire priest hanged during the 17th century ‘ Popish Plot ' and who was among 85 English Catholic martyrs beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1987 .
Grania and Oswald , who predeceased them in 1994 , had five daughters and two sons , including the current marquess , Constantine Phibbs , who all survive them along with grandchildren and great-grandchildren .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin is stepping down from their television commitments and will head back to rehab following their arrest on suspicion of drink-driving on Sunday .
Saturday Night Takeaway , which McPartlin hosts with presenting partner Declan Donnelly , will not air this weekend as scheduled .
McPartlin 's publicist said in a statement : `` Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from their current TV commitments .
`` He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future . As such Saturday Night Takeaway will not be going ahead this Saturday . ''
An ITV spokesperson said : `` ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec 's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend .
`` We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series ( March 31 and April 7 ) which would not feature Ant , who is taking time off to seek treatment .
`` We very much hope that they get the help that they need . ''
( Image : ITV )
McPartlin , 42 , was involved in a collision with two other cars while they were driving their Mini in Richmond , west London , and was arrested at around 4pm on Sunday after failing a roadside breathalyser test .
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said that they were `` taken to a south London police station for questioning and has since been released under investigation '' and that inquiries continue .
Police previously confirmed that a number of individuals were treated at the scene for minor injuries , and a child passenger from one of the cars was taken to hospital to be checked as a precaution .
It marked the latest in a string of personal setbacks for the star , who works as Ant and Dec with Donnelly .
McPartlin entered rehab last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers following a knee operation in 2015 .
They returned to screens in November for I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! and jokingly mentioned their rehab stint along with their TV partner .
In January , McPartlin confirmed that they and their wife Lisa were separating after 11 years of marriage .
At the National Television Awards a few days after the split , McPartlin referred to their `` tough year '' while picking up the presenting prize with Donnelly .
Some people might think they feel capable of driving after an alcoholic drink or two but the law limits alcohol consumption for those intending to drive immediately after drinking to 4 units for men and 3 units for women .
That equates to 35 micrograms of alcohol/100ml breath , 80 milligrams/100ml blood , 107 milligrams/100ml urine .
In plain English 1 unit of alcohol is equivalent to 218ml of 4.5 % cider ; 76ml of 13 % wine ; 25ml of 40 % whiskey ; 250ml of 4 % beer or 250ml of 4 % alcopop .
( Image : Matt Crossick/PA Wire )
But there is no one size fits all because different volumes of drinks can affect people differently depending on their height , weight , and age .
Although no one should drink MORE than the recommended units , if you are much smaller than the average person or woman you should think about drinking LESS before driving after drinking .
Of course if you want to be risk free then you should probably not drink and drive at all .
( Image : Andrew Milligan/PA Wire )
The charges and penalties for exceeding the legal limit to drive and taking control of a vehicle are as follows :
Being in charge of a vehicle while over the limit - three months imprisonment , up to a £2,500 fine and a possible driving ban , reports the Liverpool Echo .
Driving a vehicle while over the limit - six months imprisonment , unlimited fine , driving ban of one year ( three years if charged twice in 10 years )
Refusing to give a sample when stopped for drink driving - six months imprisonment ; unlimited fine , driving ban of one year
Death by dangerous driving , or death by careless driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs - 14 years imprisonment , unlimited fine , driving ban of at least two years , extended test before getting your license back
Further consequences of driving while over the legal limit also include incredibly high car insurance premiums , employer/future employers can see you have received a drink driving conviction , and facing difficulties when trying to travel to outside of the UK ( to the U.S , for example ) .
For further information on drink driving and the laws surrounding it , go to Gov.uk or drinkaware.co.uk .
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have been linked with a summer move for Leeds United playmaker Pablo Hernandez as Garry Monk eyes a reunion with the Elland Road star .
Blues manager Monk has coached Hernandez at both Swansea City and Leeds and rates the Spaniard incredibly highly , as do their assistant Pep Clotet and first team coach James Beattie .
Monk 's current priority is keeping Blues in the Championship but they have hinted at a long-term plan and dealings in the transfer window would be key towards that end .
Hernandez , 32 , is out of contract at Leeds at the end of the season but is yet to be offered a new deal .
They remain , though , an important player for the Whites as it stands having notched up seven goals and seven assists in 36 outings for the club this season .
Leeds have not released any official update about Hernandez 's future , but key figures have spoken about it .
Director of football Victor Orta , manager Paul Heckingbottom and Hernandez themselves have discussed the player 's future - and those comments have been helpfully compiled by our colleagues at Leeds Live .
Victor Orta
The Leeds director of football offered an update on Hernandez 's future during the club 's Q & A session at the end of February , giving a more optimistic take on what may lie ahead .
`` Pablo is a situation that we need to study shortly , because it 's true that they are a player who 's contract ends in June , '' Orta began .
`` I have had a discussion with their agent , talking about their situation about their aim to stay with us , I think he 's really important .
`` He spoke the other day in their press conference that they want to stay with us , which for me is the first step of trying to reach an agreement .
`` Obviously Hecky has an important word in this situation which we are discussing too and it 's a situation which need to evaluate in a short time . ''
Paul Heckingbottom
The Leeds boss has fielded questions on Hernandez a number of times in recent weeks .
Following the Reading game , in which the Spaniard netted an excellent goal from outside the area , they insisted that Hernandez has been one of their leading players .
`` Pablo 's been one of the best performers for me when I 've had them available , he 's been one of the best performers , '' they said .
`` My priority at the moment is working with Pablo , seeing if they can improve still further because they love the game , their enthusiasm is brilliant , but the priority is keeping them fit between now and the end of the season so we can give them the best possible chance to help us and help themselves in terms of their contract . ''
`` Yeah , as I say when I 've had them fit he 's been one of the best performers for me , '' they continued .
These comments were similar to what Heckingbottom said when they were asked about the former Swansea man in the wake of the 3-0 defeat to Wolves earlier months .
“ Pablo has been a really positive light for us , real positive light in the games we 've had them available for , fit and available , ” they said .
“ In the short term your priorities are having everyone healthy , to keep fit whether that 's managing them through games when we 've got the busy periods and making sure we can get as many minutes from them on the pitch as possible because the season , the way it is , and Pablo 's contract situation , it 's something that we want to make sure we get right , one way or the other and we want to give Pablo every opportunity as well to perform from us .
`` And that 's how it is , so the priority is keeping them on the pitch and we 'll see what happens after that . ”
Pablo Hernandez
The player themselves addressed the issue of their future during a press conference at the end of February , when they were asked if they had thought about their future at the club .
`` I do n't know . I do n't receive any news from the club . I ca n't tell anything about this .
`` I prefer only be focused in the next games for give 100 per cent in the pitch and I do n't know , I ca n't talk about with this . ''
They were then asked if they would like to remain at Elland Road next season .
`` Yes , obviously I am very happy here . I feel the fans and the team-mates , all the people , like if I stay here , but it not depends only on me . ''
What 's the Leeds view ?
With the clock ticking on a new deal , especially if Monk is to try and tempt their former charge to St Andrew 's , it 's becoming harder to see Hernandez at the club next season , writes Joe Mewis .
Orta 's Q & A comments last month were the most optimistic thing we 've heard concerning a new deal , but there have been no actions to back it up .
Heckingbottom has repeatedly brought up Hernandez 's fitness when asked about the possibility of a renewal , which does n't sound too positive for a player that has missed game time recently and will turn 33 next month .
And while Hernandez has been a crucial player for Leeds this season , the reliance on them tells you more about this current squad 's shortcomings than it does about what they can offer the club next season .
If Hernandez plays as big a role next season as they have this year , then it is unlikely the club will have made too much progress over the summer . As an option off the bench and a player they can call upon to unlock a certain kind of game , they certainly can play a role next season , but Leeds need more from the rest of their squad if they are to contend for promotion next year . And perhaps this is playing a role in their thinking .
Raman With A Girl In A Pub
In the upcoming episode , Raman will be seen with a girl in the pub . They try to get cosy with Raman , but they tell them that they wanted to hurt someone , so they used them and now , their work is done . The girl gets upset .
Ishita Worried About Raman 's Behaviour
On the other hand , Ishita is worried about Raman 's drinking habit and the girl . They feel that the girl might take advantage of Raman , who is innocent . They call Ruhi to aske whether they have returned home .
Ruhi Lashes Out At Raman
Ruhi is confused as to why Ishita is worrying about him , who has hurt them so much . Later , in the morning , Ruhi lashes out at Raman for drinking daily and coming home . Raman does n't want to listen to them as they feel Ishita is guiding them to do so .
Romi & Mihika Argue
On the other hand , Romi is upset with the situation at home . Without Mihika 's knowledge , they make a down payment for a house ! They ask Mihika to shift with them as they are fed up of people fighting in the Bhalla house .
Roshini Rushes To Raman To Inform About Raid At Bhalla Office !
Meanwhile , at the hospital , Roshni gets to know that Bhalla 's office is going to get raided . They rush to Raman to inform the same to him . Well , it has to be seen as to how will Raman react on seeing Roshni .
Raman Is Seen Wooing A Girl
According to the latest spoiler , Raman will be seen wooing a mysterious girl , whom they meet at a pub to make Ishita jealous . They start to have an affair with them
The Girl Files Molestation Case Against Raman
But things backfire on Raman , as the girl traps Raman ! They will file a molestation case against Raman , who will land in jail !
Ishita Helps Raman Silently !
Will Ishita remain silent , as Raman has been troubling - abusing , insulting and disrespecting her ! The answer is no ! Apparently , they will be a silent helper , who will help them get out of the jail !
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
SYRACUSE , N.Y. ( AP ) — De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points , Kyle Guy added 14 and second-ranked Virginia smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday .
Virginia ( 22-1 , 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference ) , which beat the Orange 68-61 in January , has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson , who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start .
Syracuse ( 15-8 , 4-6 ) , in desperate need of a signature victory , was coming off a four-point loss at Wake Forest in which it shot 30 percent ( 15 of 50 ) , and the offensive futility continued against the nation 's best scoring defense .
The Orange shot under 40 percent in the January loss to the Cavaliers and fared worse the second time around . Syracuse finished 17 of 50 ( 34 percent ) and its 44 points were its fewest ever in the Carrier Dome .
The Orange needed big games from its top three scorers — Tyus Battle , Frank Howard , and Oshae Brissett — and they did n't deliver . Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting , Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points . Syracuse was 4 of 20 from beyond the arc .
Syracuse entered the game ranked fourth in the nation in field-goal percentage defense ( 37.7 percent ) , just behind Virginia , but the Cavaliers exhibited their usual patience on offense and hit 12 of 24 shots in the first half to take a 10-point lead at the break . None came from second-leading scorer Devon Hall , who missed the only shot they attempted .
As expected , the game was a methodical , slow-paced slog with each team repeatedly shooting at the end of the shot clock , especially the Orange . The Cavaliers , who never trailed , found room inside the Orange 's 2-3 zone and hit three jumpers from the foul line in the opening 15 minutes .
Virginia built its biggest lead of the period with help from the long ball during an 11-0 run late . Ty Jerome hit a 3 from the top of the key with 6:32 left for a 23-18 lead and Hunter hit another from the left corner just over two minutes later .
Jerome 's second 3 of the period completed the surge and was a beauty of teamwork . Instead of going up for a putback after a strong rebound under the basket , Isaiah Wilkins zipped a pass to the right corner to a wide-open Jerome , and they swished it .
Syracuse managed just one basket in the final seven minutes , a 3 by Battle with just under a minute left as the Orange were held to 8-of-23 shooting ( 34.8 percent ) , 3 of 11 from beyond the arc ( 27.3 ) .
The Orange , who had to work hard for every shot , got a jolt of applause from the home crowd on Frank Howard 's dunk off a steal by Marek Dolezaj that moved Syracuse within 36-27 early in the second half .
The good feeling was short-lived . Mamadi Diakite hit a fall-away jumper along the baseline at the shot-clock buzzer after nearly losing the ball out of bounds , and Guy followed with a long fall-away 3-pointer from the right wing for a 41-27 lead with 13:23 left .
Diakite matched their season high with 12 points .
The Cavaliers put the game away with a 12-0 run midway through the second half and finished 23 of 47 shooting ( 48.9 percent ) .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Cavaliers are on a serious roll and are poised to take over the top spot if Villanova stumbles .
INVISIBLE MAN
Syracuse center Paschal Chukwu was a factor in the first game between the teams , notching a career-high 16 rebounds and scoring nine points in 35 minutes . The 7-foot-2 Chukwu had zero points and three rebounds .
BIG PICTURE
Virginia : Virginia continues to subdue its opponents with its stifling defense and has separated itself from the rest of the conference . No other team in the ACC has fewer than three losses . The Cavaliers have road games against Florida State , Miami , Pittsburgh and Louisville before closing out the regular season at home against Notre Dame .
Syracuse : The Orange have three more chances to notch a signature victory to bolster their resume for NCAA Tournament consideration , with games still on the schedule against No . 4 Duke , No . 19 North Carolina and No . 20 Clemson . Last season , the Orange had three upsets of top-15 ranked teams on its home floor and so far this year they have none . Syracuse also only has one road win in conference play , and that came against last-place Pittsburgh , which is winless in 10 conference games .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The short path between St Andrew 's and Molineux remains curiously untrodden with surprisingly few players having represented both clubs .
Tomasz Kuszczak 's move from Wolves to Birmingham City in the summer of 2015 was a relatively rare event - only David Davis has made the same journey since 2011 .
Other than that , it 's slim pickings - and has always been so .
Perhaps the £4m Wolves spent on Roger Johnson 's ill-fated Old Gold career meant the Black Country outfit were disinclined to do further business .
Johnson enjoyed an excellent two years with Blues , earning many plaudits and a League Cup winners medal before joining the exodus from Carson Yeung 's cash-strapped St Andrew 's .
Suffice to say things did n't go quite so smoothly at their new club and the centre half ended up in the Molineux Bomb Squad .
We 've put together a list of those who have worn both clubs ' shirts over the last 25 years - these are the best .
Wayne Clarke
( Image : David Cannon/Allsport )
Clarke could be as sure of an equally warm reception at either club as anyone , the striker having scored 33 times in 170 games after breaking through at Wolves in the late 1970s .
Clarke helped phoenix from the flames Wanderers regain their First Division status in 1983 having started the campaign on the brink of going out of business .
Ron Saunders took them to Blues where they were even more of a hit with 19 in their first season en route to the 1985 Second Division title .
Two more in a 3-0 win over Villa the following campaign endeared them further and they were eventually sold to Everton in a fire-sale .
Stan Cullis
Even after all these years , perhaps the most solid link between the two clubs is Stan Cullis who spent all their playing career at Molineux but managed both teams .
The legendary figure was far more successful at their spiritual home , where they oversaw consecutive league championships , won three in all and also two FA Cups before leaving in 1964 .
They spent a further five years at St Andrew 's where they toiled away trying to lift the team out of the Second Division , although they did reach the FA Cup semi final in 1968 where Blues lost to West Brom .
Bobby Thomson
Defender Thomson was another important figure during the 60s . The Wolves left back made 278 league appearances between 1961-69 before Cullis took them to Birmingham for £40,000 .
They played 44 games of the 1969–70 campaign , in a settled back four made up of Thomson , Dave Robinson , Garry Pendrey , and Ray Martin before falling down the pecking order . They left Blues in 1972 after 69 appearances .
Other notables
Brian ‘ Harry ' Roberts also merits a mention having made 213 appearances in six years for Birmingham , 1984-90 , before moving to Wolves where they only made 24 in the final two years of their career but where they were a popular figure and author of Harry 's Game .
Stephen Gleeson failed to make the breakthrough at Wolves but flourished for a couple of seasons when Lee Clark brought them to St Andrew 's from MK Dons .
David Davis had a little more first team recognition at Wolves - 61 appearances . But they arrived at Blues in the summer of 2014 and became a key player .
Tomasz Kuszczak 's career might have been over had Wolves not picked them up after they left Brighton . Some solid displays convinced Gary Rowett to offer them a lease of life .
They 've played for or managed both Blues and Wolves
Wayne Clarke ( Wolves 78-84 , Blues 84-87 )
Joe Gallagher ( Blues 72-81 , Wolves 81-82 )
Brian Roberts ( Blues 84,90 , Wolves 90-92 )
Ian Handysides ( Blues 80-88 , Wolves loan 86 )
Bob Hatton ( Wolves 64-67 , Blues 71-76 )
Stan Cullis ( Wolves 48-64 , Blues 65-70 )
Bobby Thomson ( Wolves 61-69 , Blues 69-72 )
Albert Kay ( Blues 1919-20 , Wolves 21-32 )
Tomasz Kuszczak ( Wolves 14-15 , Blues 15- )
David Davis ( Wolves 09-14 , Blues 14- )
Stephen Gleeson ( Wolves 06-09 , Blues 14-18 )
Peltz puts pressure on P & G with $ 3bn-plus stake
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
They piled out of cars driven by their chauffeurs and made their way through Sactown Union Brewery 's front gates , chattering excitedly among themselves . They were drunk on the success of their recently concluded Little League season and ready to guzzle down whatever sodas were being sold out of the food truck .
Scenes like this are n't especially rare at Sacramento-area taprooms , Sactown Union brewmaster and co-owner Michael Barker said . Patrons far below the legal drinking age can be seen at nearly every craft beer hot spot in the region , and that 's unlikely to change anytime soon .
As pundits argue over whether America 's craft beer market is nearing a saturation point , most taproom owners are doing their best to avoid limitations that might sway customers toward a competitor a few blocks over . That 's clear at Urban Roots Brewery and Smokehouse , which opened Saturday with an emphasis on easily palatable European beers and kids toys tucked away next to a Dippin ' Dots vending machine .
`` ( It 's ) a very American viewpoint that alcohol should be drunk in quiet corners away from the view of impressionable youths , and we absolutely reject that notion , '' Urban Roots co-founder Peter Hoey said . `` A pub is a place for family . ''
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Establishments that serve alcohol can allow minors if they also sell any sort of food — even just snacks or sandwiches — on site , according to the California Department of Alcohol and Beverage Control licensing system . People under 21 can also visit breweries , wineries or licensed clubs regardless of whether they serve food .
Few of the Sacramento area 's most popular craft beer hubs restrict their customers based on age . Loomis Basin Brewing said `` that 's enough '' to both kids and dogs two years ago , deciding that the few problem cases were obtrusive enough to merit a full ban . Capital Beer and Tap Room is another exception , though the downtown Capital Hop Shop serves food and allows kids of all ages .
Sacramento 's craft beer scene began taking off in earnest around 2008-12 . The youngest early customers are now in their late 20s or early 30s , many — like Tyler Stumbaugh 's peers — with kids of their own .
A 30-year-old childless truck driver who lives in unincorporated Sacramento County near Rancho Cordova , Stumbaugh said they visit a local brewery or taproom at least twice a week . In a post to the Sacramento Beer Enthusiasts Facebook page this year , they took the admittedly controversial stance of wishing more breweries would n't allow kids , which elicited more than 300 comments from other group members .
Stumbaugh said their bar conversations with friends are interrupted about twice per month by the shrieks of children climbing unsupervised on bike racks and tables . Breweries that ban kids risk alienating some of their core customers , but many in the Sacramento area could do more to establish a designated adult zone , they said .
Short of that , they point the blame at negligent parents .
`` I do n't really have a problem with kids at breweries . I have a problem with parents letting their kids run around and act like they 're at a playground , which they 're not , '' Stumbaugh said . `` It 's only so much a business can do if parents are not going to parent . ''
But what if the kids were at a playground ? That 's what Larry and Dayle Rodenborn tried to do with The Craft House , a casual restaurant serving locally produced beer and wine , with sandboxes , climbing structures and gravel play areas they attempted to open on 24th Street in Curtis Park .
The Rodenborns , who live two blocks from the restaurant site and own Tryphon Vineyards in the Yuba County town of Camptonville , felt like there were n't many places in Sacramento designed for kids where adults could enjoy quality food and drinks . When the Rodenborns do bring their 7- and 5-year-old children to breweries and taprooms , they frequently find their kids bored or occupying the cornhole boards adults might otherwise use .
`` I feel like a lot of breweries around here call themselves kid-friendly or family-friendly when I would actually call them kid-tolerant , '' Dayle Rodenborn said . `` You can bring your kids there , but there 's not actually any form of entertainment for them , and if there is , there 's sort of a competition for it . ''
Plans for The Craft House were quashed last year when immediate neighbors ' objections convinced the city planning commission not to rezone the property for commercial use , Dayle said . The Rodenborns are now trying to make the building leasable as a 9-5 office .
Sactown Union has tried to establish a line between children and their patrons who do n't want much interaction with them , Barker said . Kids and dogs are welcome on the outdoor patio and in the front common area but are asked not to come inside the taproom itself for extended periods of time .
`` In the taproom , we 're just going for more of a relaxed vibe , '' Barker said . `` You do have people that come out that want to enjoy a book or just a one-on-one conversation , and sometimes if there 's a dog in there barking or a child running around , it may disturb that . ''
And as for taphouse customers who wish kids would leave entirely , Dayle Rodenborn said it goes both ways .
`` Sometimes I 'm out at a brewery and I would like the drunken millennials to go somewhere else , too , but that 's not going to happen , '' they said . `` There are plenty of places that they can go that are bars where kids are not welcome and not allowed . ''
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Urban Roots Brewing & Smokehouse a new brewery and restaurant opening in Sacramento midtown . Paul Kitagaki Jr .
The Bee 's Benjy Egel is launching a new effort to cover Sacramento 's dining and beer scene . Please send tips and story ideas by email at begel @ sacbee.com , on Twitter @ BenjyEgel or by phone at ( 916 ) 321-1052 .
The true story behind Bianca Jagger 's famous horse photo Documentary photographer Rose Hartman has spent 40 years chronicling the NYC fashion and nightlife scenes : capturing everyone from Bianca Jagger riding a white horse at Studio 54 to supermodels goofing ...
Lost letter reveals details of Ryan O'Neal 's 'wart-hog ' sex with Mick Jagger 's ex-wife The never-before-published letter reveals a crazy 1973 scene when the “ Dr . Strangelove ” screenwriter accidentally discovered O'Neal and Bianca in the throes of an extremely energetic sex session .
Meet Reformation , the cult fashion brand for cool girls It happens now almost on a daily basis . Girl : “ Oh my God , I LOVE your dress [ jacket , top , skirt , etc. ] . Where 's it from ? ” Me : “ Thank you ! It 's Reformation . This really ...
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( WCCO ) – Minnesota winters are known for their harsh subzero temperatures , mounting snowfalls and blistering winds . But it 's safe to say in the Twin Cities the winter of 2016 and 2017 has been a shell of itself .
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources ( DNR ) keeps a “ Twin Cities Winter Misery Index . ”
The higher the score the more miserable the winter . Points are calculated using snowfall totals . According to Pete Boulay , Assistant State Climatologist with the DNR , one point is given for each inch of snow , then a bonus point for 4 inches and another bonus point for 8 inches .
Points are also accumulated by the temperature . For each day that high temperature is 10 degrees or below , there is a point . When the low is zero degrees or below , there 's another point . A bonus point is given for 20 degrees below zero . Temperatures and snow totals are measured at the MSP Airport .
“ We had a minus 20 back in December so that was kind of the big moment this winter , ” said Boulay .
The month of February often brings with it snowstorms and frigid temps , but that has been the case so far in 2017 .
At Minnehaha Falls , couples flocked there on Valentine 's Day to enjoy the view and warmer weather .
“ Had a little extra time before we got to dinner and it 's a nice day so I figured hey , let 's go check ( the Falls ) out , ” said Jessica Harren who stopped by before their date with Johnny Demay .
When asked if the winter this season felt miserable , they said , “ No , we 've been a through way worse . ”
The misery index currently gave the Twin Cities a score of 48 . The 2015-16 season was also mild , scoring 47 .
People need to only look back a few years to the winter of 2013-14 during the infamous “ Polar Vortex ” to find a miserable season . That winter scored 207 on the misery index for the Twin Cities .
Three decades earlier was one the worst in the past century . The winter of 1983-84 scored 275 misery points .
“ If you were a snow lover , you loved the early 80s and 1983-84 was one of those winters where we had a lot of snow storms , ” said Boulay .
Mary Ann Bannerman remembered that historically cold season . “ It was kind of what we consider real Minnesota winters and they 're long and kind of hard and miserable , ” they said .
Boulay expects current index score to rise . Even though they do n't anticipate many more days where the temperature falls to 10 degrees or below , they said it would n't be a surprise to get hit with a “ Tournament ” snow in early March and beyond .
“ We could get misery index points all the way through May . If it snows in May an inch , we could still get a misery index point , ” they said .
The most miserable winter on record according to the Twin Cities index was 100 years earlier . In 1916-17 , the score was 305 points .
For more information on the index and to see how other seasons scored , click here .
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that 's plastered with Arabic signs , a Syrian refugee whips up their specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small , colorful cafe where they work .
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years , but has yet to learn much Turkish . They do n't need to . This area is filled with fellow Syrians . He 's paid in cash , under the table , and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society , they acknowledge .
`` We 've got Syrian supermarkets , Syrian restaurants — just like back home , '' says Hassan , 26 . `` I have n't even applied for a Turkish ID card . If peace comes to Syria , I 'll go home tomorrow . ''
Nearby , a resident who describes themselves as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul 's Fatih Mosque says they no longer recognizes their neighborhood .
`` Before , this area was only Turkish people , mostly . But now , here , there , everywhere , it 's all Syrian people , '' says Tulay Suleyman , who was born here . `` Some Turkish people , they do n't like these [ new ] people . Their culture is a little bit different than ours . [ They 're ] mostly ignorant people — homeless people , low-class . ''
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe . That has not been as big a problem in Turkey , even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined .
As in Europe , many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed , working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey 's swelling black-market economy .
At first , when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011 , the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits .
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly .
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year , Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment . But few have taken it .
One of the government 's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut .
`` There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [ wages ] , '' says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu . `` We see what happened in Europe , and how the politics in Europe has changed after that . ''
Fearing a political backlash , Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees . The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks . But the roll-out has been slow .
Integrating Syrians is political too . They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan . He 's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship , but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks .
At an Istanbul municipal office , long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby . People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care , and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees .
One man yells and shakes with frustration . They say bureaucrats keep telling them to come back tomorrow . Turkey 's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself , they say .
Behind the lobby 's front desk , Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care . He 's a Syrian refugee himself , and has worked here for four years — even though they only got a work permit two weeks ago .
`` It makes me eligible for private health insurance , a pension and worker 's compensation , '' says Osman , 33 . `` You 've got to think ahead . We 're not sure what 's going to happen in Syria . We might have to stay here in Turkey forever . ''
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here , fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program .
`` It 's a very exhausting procedure , '' says Sule Akarsu , who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work .
Them work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees . Yet even they have not applied for work permits for their Syrian staff .
`` It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians , '' they say . `` It 's also difficult for Turkish industry , doing all these procedures . ''
Only companies can apply for these permits , not employees , and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it 's a Syrian who does n't plan to stay in Turkey long-term . Some employers say it 's not worth the hassle and expense .
There are questions about how much Turkey 's government really wants to implement this policy . It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits . But the fines are rarely enforced .
At an Istanbul cafe , Adnan Hadad , another Syrian , says it 's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down . He 's dragged their feet too . When they arrived four years ago , they thought he 'd be in Turkey `` a couple of years , '' they say .
`` But the Syrian war , and how it eventually evolved , made me realize I 'll be here a lot longer , '' Hadad says .
They still dream of growing old back home in Syria . But for now , he 's starting in on some Turkish paperwork .
Credit : Architect of the Capitol ( NEW YORK ) — The developing sexual harassment and misconduct allegations against Harvey Weinstein has put a spotlight on Democrats now faced with questions about the Hollywood producer 's deep involvement in supporting liberal politicians and causes . Weinstein 's lawyer has said many of the specific allegations are false , but Weinstein has generally apologized for past misconduct .
At least eight Democratic senators have donated or vowed to donate away contributions Weinstein provided in past campaigns following the publishing of a New York Times investigation into three decades of allegations against Weinstein by current and former employees .
A spokesperson for New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker 's campaign said it is donating the $ 7,800 received in the past from Weinstein to the New Jersey Coalition Against Sexual Assault , a nonprofit charity organization . A spokesperson for Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren similarly said they have donated the $ 5,000 they received from Weinstein in 2012 to charity .
New York Sen. Chuck Schumer 's spokesperson Matt House said Schumer is donating a total of $ 14,200 in past contributions to several charities supporting women .
New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand 's senior adviser Glen Caplin told ABC News they are donating $ 11,800 they received from Weinstein in cycles prior to 2016 to the Rape Abuse Incest National Network .
Caplin additionally went after “ right-wing activists ” who have since seized on the story to attack Democrats .
“ Kirsten invites the right-wing activists using this terrible story as a political tool to join them in actually working to combat sexual assault and sexual harassment in our society , ” Caplin said . “ They can start by endorsing their bipartisan legislation to end sexual violence on college campuses and in our military . ”
Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel hit Democrats who had yet to donate away Weinstein 's money in a statement Friday afternoon .
“ During three-decades worth of sexual harassment allegations , Harvey Weinstein lined the pockets of Democrats to the tune of three-quarters of a million dollars , ” McDaniel said . “ If Democrats and the DNC truly stand up for women like they say they do , then returning this dirty money should be a no-brainer . ”
Donald Trump Jr. also took to social media calling for the president 's former campaign rival to disavow Weinstein , evoking language used by their father 's opponents following the release of an Access Hollywood tape in which Donald Trump is heard bragging about groping women .
Former President Barack Obama 's office told ABC News it has “ no comment on the matter ” when asked about Weinstein 's role as a bundler for Obama and their daughter Malia Obama interning for Weinstein 's company in New York last year .
According to the campaign finance transparency site OpenSecrets , Weinstein donated $ 2,700 directly to Hillary Clinton in November of 2016 and another $ 2,700 in May of 2015 . They also threw a fundraiser for them on June 20 , 2016 , in Manhattan , in which attendees contributed more than $ 33,400 to attend , per a Clinton aide .
ABC News has reached out to Clinton 's publisher for comment but has not yet received a response .
In a statement , Democratic National Committee Communications Director Xochitl Hinojosa called the allegations against Weinstein “ deeply troubling ” and said that the DNC “ condemns all forms of sexual harassment and assault . ”
“ We hope that Republicans will do the same as we mark one year since the release of a tape showing President Trump bragging about sexually assaulting women followed by more than a dozen women who came forward to detail similar experiences of assault and harassment , ” the statement added .
The DNC also says it will donate more than $ 30,000 in contributions from Weinstein to Emily 's List , Emerge America and Higher Heights , “ because what we need is more women in power , not men like Trump who continue to show us that they lack respect for more than half of America . ”
Weinstein said in a statement obtained by ABC News that they have “ caused a lot of pain ” and that they are taking a leave of absence from their company , during which time they said they will dedicate themselves to working against the National Rifle Association .
“ I so respect all women and regret what happened . I hope that my actions will speak louder than words and that one day we will all be able to earn their trust and sit down together with [ attorney ] Lisa [ Bloom ] to learn more . Jay-Z wrote in [ his song ] ‘ 4:44 ' ‘ I 'm not the man I thought I was and I better be that man for my children . ' The same is true for me . I want a second chance in the community but I know I 've got work to do to earn it . ”
Weinstein has hired Hulk Hogan 's lawyer , Charles Harder , who won the former wrestler a $ 140 million-dollar verdict against Gawker that was later settled for $ 31 million . Harder told ABC News in a statement that the Times ‘ report on Weinstein is “ saturated with false and defamatory statements ” about their client and that they are preparing a lawsuit against the newspaper .
The New York Times told ABC News that it is “ confident in the accuracy ” of the reporting .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
KANSAS CITY , Kan. — One man is in custody after jumping into the Missouri River in an attempt to evade police .
Kansas City , Mo . Police Department officers were involved in a pursuit of a suspect Wednesday afternoon . The pursuit began when a driver reportedly struck a police vehicle at Independence and Kensington around 1:45 p.m. and attempted to flee .
The chase reportedly made its way through downtown KCK in the area of the rail yards at Quindaro Boulevard and Fairfax Trafficway .
The man jumped into the Missouri River but was eventually captured by KCK firefighters in a boat .
The suspect 's identity has not been released .
A viral video posted on Facebook shows the moment that Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe , a lesbian couple , realized they both brought an engagement ring to the Memphis Zoo with the plans of proposing . Screenshot from Jessa Gillaspie 's Facebook
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of complaints have been received by council chiefs after wheelie bins across Solihull began to split apart .
In total , almost 10,000 of the brown recycling bins have been collected for replacement since March 2015 , with it becoming apparent the bins are prone to crack as a result of a `` manufacturing fault '' .
The number of enquiries has increased dramatically since December - with the local authority currently receiving around 100 calls a day from residents .
It 's believed the `` unprecedented '' increase in requests may be the result of recent cold weather , which can make plastic polymers more brittle .
While the exact cause of the defect is unknown , the bins which are being rolled out as replacements are made from a different type of plastic , to ensure there is n't a repeat of the problem .
At this month 's Full Council meeting , members were assured that the local authority was continuing to work as quickly as possible to resolve the problem , although the council recently advised that it was allowing longer times to complete delivery requests .
Cllr Ade Adeyemo ( Lib Dem , Lyndon ) noted that while the supplier had agreed to cover the costs of the replacements , the council had to do the `` leg-work '' dealing with the problem and that , in conjunction with waste contractor Amey , an extra delivery crew had been put on to help cope with the backlog .
In response , Cllr Alison Rolf , cabinet member for the environment and housing , said : `` The company that have supplied them accept that there is a fault with these bins and are replacing them .
`` As well ... we are getting extra bins to compensate for some of the costs that we are incurring because we are having to deliver the bins out to people and collect the old ones in . ''
Cllr James Burn , leader of Solihull 's Green group , whose own wheelie bin developed a `` ginormous crack '' , suggested the council should promote an email address or contact form to reduce the enquiries going through to the contact centre and limit the costs of logging calls . Cllr Rolf confirmed they would look into this .
Speaking this week , Cllr Chris Williams ( Green , Chelmsley Wood ) said that damaged bins were visible `` on every street '' and suggested some residents may have held off contacting the council because they were unaware of the fault and thought they may have caused the damage themselves .
`` As you go round Chelmsley Wood you can see [ bins ] split all the way down the side and some people have used brown tape to try to put them back together , '' they said .
They said they were concerned that the issue could have an impact on recycling rates if the householders affected decided to start putting materials in with their general waste .
The report presented to Full Council said that recycling crews would start putting stickers on damaged bins , advising that a free replacement was available , once the number of enquiries had `` stabilised '' .
The council hopes that the requests may now start to fall with the arrival of milder weather .
If your bin has split , a replacement can be ordered by calling Solihull 's contact centre on 0121 704 8000 .
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
0:49 Morro Bay police share details of homicide investigation
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs : Tips from The Rib Line 's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Three private equity firms are reducing their stakes in Green Bancorp in Houston .
Friedman Fleischer & Lowe , Harvest Partners and Pine Brook Road Partners each plan to sell 1 million shares of common stock , according to a prospectus filed by the $ 4.3 billion-asset Green . The sales would reduce each firm 's stake from 13.5 % to 10.8 % .
The prospectus did not set a price , though Green 's stock closed at $ 22.70 on Thursday .
Green , which will not receive any proceeds from the sale , prepared for the offering in December when it registered about 15 million shares of common stock for the firms .
Green has been working to exit energy lending since the downturn in that sector . The company , which charged off $ 68 million of energy loans in 2016 , reduced the size of its energy portfolio by 37 % last year , to $ 33.3 million .
The powers that be had decided Thursday , May 10 is “ National Shrimp Day , ” and Las Vegas is the perfect place to celebrate the foodie holiday .
The Golden Gate Hotel and Casino in downtown Las Vegas claimed the iconic 99 cent shrimp cocktail for decades before raising the price to $ 1.99 nearly a decade ago , then eventually closing that location of Du-par 's , the restaurant that housed the appetizer .
The loss created a void in the classic Vegas dish scene , but there are no shortages of places to spot shrimp on the menu . ( Oh , and you can still find a 99 cent , yet small , shrimp cocktail at Fremont Hotel ) .
BAJAMAR
1615 Las Vegas Boulevard South , downtown
This is a place where reviews do n't say , “ This is good , ” they say , “ This is fantastic. ” Try the taco de cameron or the Gobernador taco ( $ 4 , sautéed shrimp with bell pepper , cilantro and cheese ) . Also on the menu is a piled-high shrimp tostada ( $ 6 ) and a Mexican-style shrimp cocktail with salsa fresca and cucumber ( $ 15 ) .
BLUE RIBBON
3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South , The Cosmopolitan
If “ seafood tower ” sounds good , The Platter ( $ 110 ) comes with shrimp cocktail , oysters , clams , lobster and wild giant tiger prawns . Shrimp cocktail is offered solo , as well ( $ 21 ) .
JAMMYLAND
1121 South Main Street , downtown
The lone “ reggae kitchen ” in the Arts District only opened this year , but the black pepper shrimp and porridge dish ( $ 22 ) was talked about as soon as it was debuted in recent weeks .
A post shared by Jammyland ( @ jammylandlv ) on May 2 , 2018 at 10:06pm PDT
OYSTER BAR
Station Casinos , multiple locations
With a 24-hour location in Palace Station , shrimp is available as a cocktail ( $ 12.99 ) , Cajun barbecue style ( $ 12.99 per half lb . ) , in a gumbo ( $ 21.99 ) or in any of the restaurant 's signature mixed seafood dishes .
LOLA 'S LOUISIANA KITCHEN
1220 Town Center Drive or 241 West Charleston Boulevard
Southern style is the only style at Lola 's , with shrimp and grits , New Orleans barbecue shrimp , shrimp creole , shrimp Charlotte and a variety of blackened shrimp dishes . Mentioned most in reviews is the shrimp etouffee , smothered in sauce with rice .
MARILYN 'S CAFÉ
255 East Flamingo Road , Tuscany Suites & Casino
Craving a 3 a.m. classic style shrimp cocktail ? This one is five large shrimp in a tulip glass with sauce and lemon for $ 9.99 .
BACCHANAL BUFFET
3570 Las Vegas Boulevard South , Caesars Palace
You know a place that reportedly goes through nearly 500 lbs . of shrimp each day is n't messing around . Go for the shrimp , stay for everything else .
A post shared by Christine || ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ( @ christine_yi_9312 ) on Mar 5 , 2018 at 11:44am PST
Missing your favorite spot ? Tweet to @ kristendesilva or email kristen.desilva @ kvvu.com with your suggestions .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
President Maithripala Sirisena presented service pension benefit letters to the retired differently abled War Heroes who volunteered to retire before completing their 12 year mandatory service period at the Presidential Secretariat , yesterday ( 14 ) .
The pension benefits were given to 2,261 tri forces personnel and to 136 police officers and marking the event the President symbolically presented the pension benefit letters to 150 war heroes .
Differently abled War Heroes who volunteered to retire before their due retirement day were not entitled to pension benefits till today and no government in power drew their attention to this issue .
Though it is contradictory to grant this service pension to the disabled war heroes who had not been in the service for 12 years , the President paying their special attention on this issue , and after receiving the Cabinet approval in this regard decided to provide this service pension for the first time in the history .
State Minister of Defence , Ruwan Wijewardene , Secretary to the Minister of Law & Order , Mr. Jagath P Wijeweera , the Chief of Defence Staff , Air Chief Marshal Kolitha Gunathilaka , the Commander of the Sri Lankan Army , Lieutenant General Crishanthe De Silva , the Air Force Commander , Air Marshal Kapila Jayampathi and senior members of the security forces participated in this event .
( President 's Media )
Alan Hairston of Allen , TX had just been laid off from their job at a local grocery where they worked as a meat cutter for 9 years . They and their wife were barely making it by . After borrowing $ 1200 from their wife 's parents to make rent , they decided to make one gamble with some of that money that has possibly turned out very well for them and their family . Alan bid on a storage bin in Plano , TX and won it for about $ 330 . But what was inside they could n't believe .
There were several boxes inside that contained an extensive mint collection of Sports Illustrated magazines that ranged from the first issue in 1954 to the last in 2015 . Not knowing anything about the collection and if they were worth anything they had an auctioneer at Heritage Auctions that they knew examine the collection . After a close inspection of the collection , it was estimated that the collection of mint magazines could be worth anywhere from $ 55,000 to $ 100K . As a precaution , they told them that Heritage would insure the lot for a total value of $ 105,000 .
“ This is going to jump-start the rest of out lives , ” their wife Jacqui said . “ We will be able to have a future that is better than I thought . We may be able to pay off our vehicles , get a house and take a trip. ” “ This is a dream come to life , ” said Alan . “ Everybody hopes to win the lottery . I have to believe we just did . ”
Minnesota Twins ' Ehire Adrianza , left , dives back to first ahead of the throw to Philadelphia Phillies first baseman Tommy Joseph on a pickoff attempt during the first inning of a spring training baseball game Monday , March 5 , 2018 , in Clearwater , Fla. ( AP Photo/Chris O'Meara )
The Rangers , already stocked with first base power in the majors and the minors , picked up another in claiming Tommy Joseph off waivers from the Philadelphia Phillies Monday .
To make room for Joseph on the 40-man roster , the Rangers placed right-hander Clayton Blackburn , currently dealing with elbow ligament issues , on the 60-day DL .
Joseph , 26 , hit 43 home runs over the last two seasons with the Phillies , but was designated for assignment last week . The Phillies have Carlos Santana and Rhys Hoskins to man first base .
Adding Joseph could give the Rangers an attractive right-handed pinch hitter for one of their lefties late in games and could give them an attractive right-handed hitting first base option on days they want to give Joey Gallo a day off . The Rangers , however , already have a crowded bench situation . Joseph played one game in the outfield with Philadelphia earlier this spring , but is considered primarily a first baseman/DH . If the Rangers go with 13 pitchers , they are only going to be able to carry three bench players .
Joseph , who still has minor league options remaining , is likely to open the season at Triple-A Round Rock .
Joseph came up as a catcher , but moved off the position after suffering three concussions in the minor leagues .
Egyptian archaeologists say they have uncovered the tomb of an ancient royal official buried more than 4,000 years ago during the period known as the `` Age of the Pyramids . ''
Egypt 's Ministry of Antiquities announced the discovery of the tomb Saturday and said they believed the burial site belonged to a woman named `` Hetpet , '' a high-ranking royal palace official .
Images painted in the tomb of a royal palace official believed to be known as `` Hetpet . '' Charlene Gubash / NBC News
The `` Hetpet '' tomb features `` very distinguished '' and well-preserved wall paintings depicting `` Hetpet '' standing in hunting and fishing scenes , or receiving offerings from their children . There are also wall paintings of monkeys , which were kept as domestic pets .
Officials said the tomb has a rare rectangular arcade which was lined with incenses and offering holders .
The recently uncovered tomb is located in a portion of Giza , Egypt , that has been examined by archaeologists of more than 170 years . Charlene Gubash / NBC News
The tomb was discovered during an excavation mission in the Giza western cemetery region , which has been known to house the burial sites of former royal palace officials . Archaeologists have been excavating the site for more than 170 years .
In a statement announcing the discovery , Egypt 's Antiquities Ministry said the tomb 's architecture and decorative style date back to the Fifth Dynasty during the period known as the Old Kingdom .
The archaeological mission was lead by Egypt 's secretary general of antiquities , Dr. Mostafa Wazir .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
By Sebastine Obasi
The Nigerian oil and gas industry may not make the expected headway unless it imbibes operational excellence , culture of institutionalism , as well as acquire recoverable data and attract funding , stakeholders in the industry have said .
Speaking at the Society of Petroleum Engineering , SPE , conference , in Lagos , Mr. Ifeanyi Nwagbogu , Managing Director , MD , Schlumberger Limited , a leading oil services company , who was represented by Mr. Dele Aikhionhare , Director , National Content , Schlumberger , West Africa Oilfield services , said that operational excellence is all about building processes and sustaining such processes .
Nwagbogu also identified unavailability of reliable data as drawback to achieving effectiveness in the industry .
They stated : “ The key issue is data . Without data , we can do nothing and the companies that have succeeded worked with data that is discoverable .
“ We need to imbibe the culture of institutionalism . It is a shame there is no corporate governance . If you do not have corporate governance , you can not attract the real money you need to grow your companies . You can not build corporate organisations in a situation where one man signs every document , cheque , etc . And when they are not around , the company comes to a standstill . It is a clear fact .
“ You need to devolve power to the functions within the organisation . You have a supply chain function . The supply – chain function should be able to tell the CEO , no , as the case may be . It is difficult in Nigeria , but that is something we should try to achieve . ”
Also speaking , the Executive Secretary , Nigerian Content Development Management Board , NCDMB , Mr. Simbi Wabote , who was represented by Mr. Tunde Adelana , a director , said that real transformation can only be achieved with the full participation of Nigerians .
“ No matter to strive we make in the African petroleum industry , true transformation and progress can only be achieved if there is a deliberate participation and engagement of local manpower . That is local content . Similarly , government as a regulator must show exemplary execution of its mandate by serving as enabler of growth , instead of a purveyor of bureaucratic bottlenecks . By so doing , government helps to position the oil industry for operational excellence , ” they said .
For Chima Njoku , General Manager , West Assets , Seplat Petroleum Development Company , inadequate funding is one of the major challenges facing the industry in Nigeria .
“ For independent operators , finance is a major challenge . One way of resolving some of these is by going into mergers . There are so many independents producing little oil . If they can merge , they can rival Exxonmobil . They can rival Total , they can rival Chevron . By so doing , the cost of financing will reduce . There is a bit of a challenge here , because each entity wants to run its own show , ” they said .
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September , according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics , while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent .
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly seven-year streak of continuous job gains , but economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather , not a long-term shift in the job market .
Before this report , the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month ; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April .
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes . Economists did not generally predict an actual decline , but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated .
`` Hurricane Irma , in particular , occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth , '' reports NPR 's Jim Zarroli . `` So it 's likely to have an especially big impact . ''
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that Hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the `` likely '' cause of a `` sharp employment decline '' in restaurant jobs , as well as low growth in other job fields .
People who have jobs but were n't paid during the survey period do n't count as `` employed '' in the BLS statistics . That would include , for instance , a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm .
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report .
`` In September , 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather , the highest level for this series over the past 20 years , '' William Wiatrowski wrote . `` This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events . ''
Not all the data were similarly affected . For instance , the storms had `` no discernible effect '' on the unemployment rate , the bureau says .
Stuart Hoffman , a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services , told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary , and the job market should recover by the end of the year .
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward ; with those revisions , 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported .
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past three months , the BLS says .
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
New Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp has previous with Aston Villa fans - and guess who their first game as Blues boss is against ?
Redknapp , who replaced Gianfranco Zola this morning , faces a baptism of fire on Sunday in their first match since taking charge .
Blues head to Villa Park for the second city derby as they begin their Championship survival mission under the 70-year-old .
And Redknapp is no stranger to claret and blue supporters .
As Portsmouth bosses in 2007 , they were subjected to vile taunts from Villa fans who also threw a coin in the direction of the pitch .
`` If that coin had hit the linesman an inch-and-a-half below they would have lost theirs eye .
`` And for what ? The guy did n't make a single bad decision during the entire match so what was that all about ?
`` It was probably thrown at me in all honesty . I was standing right next to them and some fans were shouting all sorts at me .
`` I had n't done anything either – but for some reason they do n't like me up there now .
`` A group behind the goal that day started chanting some vile stuff at me . Then some idiots behind the dugout on Saturday started having a go .
`` Do you know what , I hardly got out of my seat during that game . I sat down more than I normally do .
`` I ca n't understand why some people are like this . I have done nothing to Aston Villa , absolutely nothing .
`` Then suddenly it all starts because we beat them last year , that was all it was . It 's not right . ''
What is Miele Dubai Restaurant Week ?
Dubai Restaurant Week is an annual citywide culinary celebration that offers an exclusive dining promotion at Dubai 's top fine dining restaurants . Miele Dubai Restaurant Week will see 15 of Dubai 's luxury restaurants offer an exclusive , limited edition three-course set menu , giving food-lovers a chance to enjoy fine dining for an exceptional price for a select time only .
When does Dubai Restaurant Week take place ?
Dubai Restaurant Week begins on February 23 and ends on March 4 , 2017 and Bookings are available for either a 7.30pm or a 9.30pm slot .
How much does it cost ?
The limited edition three-course set menu cost Dh199 per person
Which restaurants are involved ?
1 . Al Nafoorah ( Zabeel Saray )
A photo posted by Al Nafoorah ( @ alnafoorahdubai ) on Dec 18 , 2016 at 10:02pm PST
2 . Bread Street Kitchen
A photo posted by Bread Street Kitchen Dubai ( @ breadstreetkitchendubai ) on Jan 30 , 2017 at 2:20am PST
3 . Gaucho
A photo posted by Gaucho Dubai ( @ gauchodubai ) on Jan 25 , 2017 at 9:32pm PST
4 . Marina Social
A photo posted by Marina Social Dubai ( @ marinasocialdubai ) on Feb 2 , 2017 at 6:01am PST
5 . Mayta by Jamie Pesque
A photo posted by Mayta Dubai ( @ maytadubai ) on Jan 16 , 2017 at 5:31am PST
6 . Namu
A photo posted by Adrian ( @ adrian_horatiu ) on Jan 30 , 2017 at 4:24am PST
7 . Okku
A photo posted by The Official OKKU Dubai ( @ okkudxb ) on Jan 4 , 2017 at 1:09am PST
8 . Pai Thai
A photo posted by Pai Thai Restaurant ( @ paithaidubai ) on Nov 27 , 2016 at 7:00am PST
9 . Pierchic
A photo posted by Pierchic ( @ pierchicdubai ) on Dec 13 , 2016 at 6:04am PST
10 . Rang Mahal by Atul Kochhar
A photo posted by JW Marriott Marquis Dubai ( @ jwmarriottmarquisdubai ) on Feb 8 , 2017 at 11:36pm PST
11 . Rhodes W1
A photo posted by RhodesW1 ( @ rhodesw1 ) on Feb 10 , 2017 at 11:34pm PST
12 . Scape Restaurant and Bar
A photo posted by k. gilmer ( @ smexhale ) on Feb 3 , 2017 at 11:00pm PST
13 . Sea Fu
A photo posted by SeaFu ( @ seafudubai ) on Jan 15 , 2017 at 2:22am PST
14 . Social by Heinz
A photo posted by Karen Watson ( @ karenwatson70 ) on Aug 5 , 2016 at 1:04pm PDT
15 . The Rib Room ( Zabeel Saray )
A photo posted by The Rib Room ( @ theribroomdubai ) on Dec 14 , 2015 at 10:07am PST
How can you get a booking ?
You have to visit Round Menu to choose the reastaurant you want to dine at . You will also be able to tell which ones are fully booked or selling out quickly .
What 's on the menu ?
All restaurants are offering an appetizer , main courses and dessert . Beverages are not included , so make sure you budget for that . You can look at the menus for each restaurant here
Contact
E-mail : info @ roundmenu.com
Phone : 04 3695379
By Matthew Wilkening
Prince summoned the rhythm section from their New Power Generation band in the early hours of June 14 , 1993 for what became an impromptu power-trio record .
Continue reading…
…read more
Via : : Diffuser
The Jeremiah & Jeff Show Go To Dyngus DayWhat a day at Dyngus day !
The Best Of Coachella 2017 : Weekend 1Pictures from the 2017 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival . What a weekend in California !
The Jeremiah & Jeff Show 's Pics From The WeekendHere 's what the show was up to over the weekend !
Jeff at YMCA Downtown Cleveland With Molina Healthcare - April 13 , 2017Promoting Molina Healthcare 's # HealthyHourOhioContest and working out with some listeners !
John Mayer at The Schottenstein Center in Columbus - April 12 , 2017Ca n't wait for John Mayer to come to Cleveland in August at Blossom ? Check out a preview of the show in Columbus here !
Q104 Girl 's Night Out at Cinemark Valley View - April 12 , 2017Q104 Girl 's Night Out at Cinemark Valley View - April 12 , 2017 -- - seeing the movie 'Unforgettable ' !
Epilepsy Associated With Increased Risk of Unnatural Death
Share this content :
linkedin
google
Email
Print
The frequency of poison-related mortality linked to certain medications is extremely high in patients with epilepsy .
Patients with epilepsy have a greater risk for unnatural mortality ( such as accidental poisoning and suicide ) than people without the disorder , according to a study published in JAMA Neurology .
Hayley C. Gorton , PhD , of the Centre for Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety , Division of Pharmacy and Optometry , at the School of Health Sciences , Faculty of Biology , Medicine , and Health at the University of Manchester in the UK , and associates conducted a population-based group analysis to determine cause-related unnatural deaths in patients with epilepsy and the potential medications associated with poisoning mortality .
The investigators used 2 primary care data sets affiliated with reported hospitalizations and mortalities : the Clinical Practice Research Datalink ( CPRD ) and the Secure Anonymised Information Linkage ( SAIL ) . CPRD data included 44,678 participants with epilepsy and 891,429 control participants , while SAIL data included 14,051 individuals with epilepsy and 279,365 matches .
In both the CPRD and SAIL data sets , 51 % of epilepsy and control participants were men ( median age of 40 years in CPRD , 43 years in SAIL ) .
The researchers reported a statistically significant risk associated with patients with epilepsy to die of unnatural causes more frequently than people without epilepsy ( hazard ratio [ HR ] , 2.77 ) . This likelihood increased in unintentional injury or poisoning ( HR , 2.97 ) . Suicide was another measured factor that was more common in participants with epilepsy than those without ( HR , 2.15 ) .
Greater risks for accidental medication poisoning and deliberate self-poisoning using medication were reported among patients with epilepsy ( HR , 4.99 ; 3.55 , respectively ) . Both opioids ( 56.5 % ) and psychotropic medication ( 32.3 % ) were more likely to be used as poisoning drugs than antiepileptic drugs ( 9.7 % ) .
“ Compared with people without epilepsy , people with epilepsy are at increased risk of unnatural death and thus should be adequately advised about unintentional injury prevention and monitored for suicidal ideation , thoughts , and behaviors , ” wrote the authors . “ The suitability and toxicity of concomitant medication should be considered when prescribing for comorbid conditions . ”
Reference
We continue our series of recommended routes in conjunction with NIWalks.com with a glimpse of the treasures to be found on the Castle Ward Castle Trail in Co Down .
Each walk is designed to be accessible and not too challenging . Regardless of how near or far you live from the destination , it 's the perfect excuse to plan a day , or a weekend away .
The area now known as Castle Ward was previously known as Carrick na shanna ( the rock of the fox ) and there are traces of human habitation from Neolithic times , evidenced by the standing stone and beside it a matching stone lying on the ground , which may be the remains of a dolmen or portal tomb .
The social rise of the Ward family , from colonists in the 16th century to the nobility in the 18th , is encapsulated by the small fortified tower house of old Castle Ward and their more recent Georgian mansion , set in landscaped parkland . The stylistic changes in landscape gardening are represented by the remains of the 18th century formal garden with what is probably the most impressive ornamental canal of this period in Ireland , together with terraces lined with their original yews and picturesque classical temple .
The succeeding naturalistic movement is exemplified by the pastoral and wooded parkland around the manor house and adjacent 18th century stable yard , which contains a tearoom and gift shop . The return to formalism in Victorian times is represented by a formal garden with terracing adjoining the house .
Victorian industrial innovation is also represented on the property by a corn mill and saw mill which where operated by a culverted water course from the temple water lake . The corn mill is still operational and demonstrations are held periodically during the summer months .
There are other walks within the estate to choose from , of varying distances and terrains . Copies of the trail maps can be obtained from reception in the stable yard , so you can pick and choose where you want to discover , like for example Audley 's Castle ; a magnificent example of a 15th Century Anglo-Norman tower house commanding panoramic views over Strangford Lough .
The castle is now famous for being Winterfell , home of the ill-fated Ned Stark , in Game of Thrones .
Visit WalkNI.com for more information on this walk and over 270 other quality walks across Northern Ireland including route descriptions , maps , transport and facility information .
RESPONSIBLE WALKING : Please remember to practice the principles of 'Leave No Trace ' when enjoying the outdoors in order to minimise your impact on the environment .
For more information , visit www.leavenotraceireland.org
IMPORTANT : Every care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the information . However , neither WalkNI.com nor Johnston Press NI can accept responsibility for errors or omissions . Where such are brought to our attention , information for future publications will be amended accordingly .
By Nwafor Sunday
Speaker House of Representatives , Hon . Yakubu Dogara has on Monday reeled out reasons for their unshakable support for ‘ Restructuring ' .
According to him , “ true federalism is all about having visionary , selfless , prudent , intelligent , indefatigable and having integrity and honourable leaders . It is also a unique system that best suits Nigerian people ” , they said .
Dogara who spoke on “ Reforming the Nigerian Federation : Which Way Forward ” , at the 3rd annual Political Summit organised by the Save Democracy Africa in Abuja , opined that restructuring will oust tribal perceived marginalization away from the country and make Nigeria once a more great nation .
Below are the reasons why Dogara supports restructuring :
The talk of Nigeria 's success or genuine federalism can no longer hold waters giving the state of internal insurgencies , divisiveness , ethnic and religious schism witnessed in several parts of Nigeria . Efforts at wishing away the problem associated with Nigerian federation have only resulted into several tribal , ethnic and religious movements that have even metamorphosed into terrorist syndicates . Nigerians lack visionary , selfless , prudent , intelligent and indefatigable , integrity and honourable leaders . Rulers and the ruled have poor mindset ( There should be massive awareness to change Nigerians mindsets . The speaker also supported restructuring because of some emerging issues in Nigeria 's federation political gerrymandering , corruption and nepotism , state creation and boundary delimitation , electoral boundary manipulation that discriminates against voters on account of tribe , language , religion , or related status.The same is also true of boundary adjustments , state creation and Local Governments in Nigeria . The minority tribes have complained of being short-changed . The issue of fiscal federalism and resource control . The allocation of revenue in Nigeria is presently heated as there are always allegations and counter-allegations of manipulations against the federal government by states . There are also allegations of zero allocation to local governments by states despite very clear constitutional provisions . In addition , there has been complaint of total neglect of the states that generate the revenue as such the derivative formula has been very contentious . There is over concentration of powers and responsibilities on the federal government . There are several responsibilities that can better be handled by the states . The power sharing between the Federal Government and the states will have to be revisited and the issue of the autonomy of local governments in Nigeria which state Houses of Assembly keep voting against , ” they further stated . Restructuring will address the issue of resource control . The communities where those resources are found should be adequately compensated . The Host Community Bill initiated by the House of Representatives on the Oil and Gas industry will be a test case . The call for resource control may by implication have a semblance of territorial devolution .
Dogara finally said that since assumption of the 8th House of Representatives , they have engaged the executive ( mostly ministers and heads of parastatals ) in several sectoral debates at plenary and have enacted cutting edge legislations in emerging , reviewed over 300 laws with the hope of bringing them in tune with modern realities and has been guided by the need to adjust our political , social and economic system to meet local circumstances and engraft the existing laws to conform .
Grave of Natalio `` Pepito '' Rodríguez Lebrón at the Municipal Cemetery of Maunabo in Puerto Rico . Their family says they could n't afford to power a breathing machine that helped keep them alive . Rodriguez died January 6 from a pulmonary disease .
( CNN ) — An estimated 4,645 people died in Hurricane Maria and its aftermath in Puerto Rico , according to an academic report published Tuesday in a prestigious medical journal . That figure dwarfs Puerto Rico 's official death toll of 64 , which the article 's authors called a “ substantial underestimate ” of Hurricane Maria 's death toll .
“ These numbers … underscore the inattention of the US government to the frail infrastructure of Puerto Rico , ” authors from Harvard University and other institutions wrote in the New England Journal of Medicine .
The official death toll in Puerto Rico has been the subject of substantial controversy since Hurricane Maria hit this island , a US territory , on September 20 . CNN and other news outlets have used government statistics and extensive interviews with families of the deceased and funeral home directors to question the Puerto Rican government 's official tally of deaths .
Previous estimates suggested Maria contributed to about 1,000 deaths .
The team from Harvard arrived at its much-higher estimate by surveying 3,299 randomly chosen households across the island earlier this year . Authors compared results of that survey — which asked island residents about deaths in their homes , among other things — with official mortality statistics from 2016 . That allowed researchers to estimate the number of deaths that likely occurred as a result of Hurricane Maria between the date of the storm and December 31 , 2017 .
“ The difference is that we went out and we had boots on the ground and we did the interviews , ” said Domingo Marqués , an associate professor of clinical psychology at Carlos Albizu University in Puerto Rico , who was among the report 's authors .
“ Statistically , it 's like having interviewed the whole island , ” they said .
Still , the exact death toll is likely to remain a mystery . Experts tell CNN it is difficult to say with certainty whether a hurricane “ caused ” certain deaths , especially those that occurred because of the chaotic and unsafe conditions that have lingered for months in Puerto Rico . Marqués and colleagues say 793 to 8,498 hurricane deaths occurred .
In a news conference on Tuesday , Hector Pesquera , head of Puerto Rico 's public safety department , said the government did not have reason to question the latest estimates , which come from researchers at Harvard University as well as Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , the University of Colorado and universities in Puerto Rico .
US territory officials stressed that the Puerto Rican government has hired George Washington University to conduct an assessment of Maria 's death toll and that the results of that review are still forthcoming . Previously , officials had expected the George Washington University report to be released this spring , before the Atlantic hurricane season , which begins on June 1 .
“ The Government of Puerto Rico welcomes the newly released Harvard University survey and we look forward to analyzing it , ” Carlos R. Mercader , executive director of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration , said in a press release .
“ As the world knows , the magnitude of this tragic disaster caused by Hurricane Maria resulted in many fatalities . We have always expected the number to be higher than what was previously reported . That is why we commissioned The George Washington University to carry out a thorough study on the number of fatalities caused by Hurricane Maria which will be released soon . Both studies will help us better prepare for future natural disasters and prevent lives from being lost . ”
The Harvard study says the Puerto Rican and US governments did not provide adequate services — including electrical power and medical assistance — after the hurricane . It also notes that Puerto Rican officials have refused to make public basic mortality statistics .
The US Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) , which oversees disaster recovery , has said it encountered unique logistical challenges on the island after the storm that make comparisons between the response to Maria and other storms problematic .
CNN and the Center for Investigative Journalism ( CPI ) in Puerto Rico are suing the island 's demographic registry for access to death records that have been withheld .
In November , CNN surveyed 112 funeral homes — about half the total — across Puerto Rico , in a moment when many communication systems remained inoperable . At that time , funeral home directors identified 499 deaths they considered to be hurricane-related .
Puerto Rico added at least two people to its official count following CNN 's investigation .
One was Quintín Vidal Rolón , 89 , who died in a lantern fire that relatives said occurred because of the storm ; Vidal was using the lantern because they did n't have electricity .
Other uncounted deaths occurred in environments where people lacked electricity or other basic services , including communications . Many roads were blocked after the storm . And hurricane-related deaths appear to have continued for months after the September hurricane .
Natalio Rodriguez Lebron , 77 , for example , died in Maunabo , Puerto Rico , in January . Their family says that 's because they could n't afford to power a breathing machine that helped keep them alive .
While most power and water service has been restored , thousands of people here remain without electricity — more than eight months after Hurricane Maria .
The latest death-toll estimate could be seen as an indictment of the federal response to the storm , said Dr. Gregory J. Davis , director of the University of Kentucky 's Forensic Pathology Consultation Service .
“ This alone should make your readers and the readers of the New England Journal really stand up and take notice — and frankly be asking our government ‘ Why ? ' ” they said . “ Our government is not doing what they should be doing down there . It 's infuriating , that 's the bottom line . ”
The New England Journal of Medicine article adds to “ a growing consensus that deaths have been undercounted by the Puerto Rican government , ” said Alexis Santos , a demographer at Penn State University who also has researched the death toll following Maria .
“ This is a valid way of looking at it , ” they said of the research from Harvard . Still , “ The way this is done , by interviews with people in different barrios in Puerto Rico , it seems to me that someone could report a death as associated with the hurricane when it was not . ”
That could result in an overcounting of deaths , they said .
The Harvard team , meanwhile , says that , if anything , its estimates are low . It would be impossible to identify some deaths using a survey , Marqués said . For example , if a person died while living alone there would be no person in that home able to answer questions .
Researchers also underscored how much an accurate death toll matters — in terms of supplying adequate assistance , for the families of victims and for the prevention of future deaths .
“ As the United States prepares for its next hurricane season , ” the researchers wrote , “ it will be critical to review how disaster-related deaths will be counted , in order to mobilize an appropriate response operation and account for the fate of those affected . ”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
IT Industry Influencer Dion Hinchcliffe Presents Survey Results on `` What IT Leaders are Doing to be More Agile in 2017 ''
PALO ALTO , CA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - Capriza , a leader in enterprise mobility for business applications , today announced its upcoming complimentary webinar on February 23rd at 1pm ET , on `` IT Agility in 2017 : A View from top CIOs . '' The survey , conducted by Dion Hinchcliffe , CIO advisor , IT expert , futurist , and industry Influencer , reveals results from their hand-picked list of the world 's leading CIOs on their plans to make IT more agile in 2017 . The survey sought to understand how IT leaders are looking at IT agility in the age of digital transformation , what agile IT initiatives they are focusing on , key challenges and solutions they 're adopting to be more agile . Respondents span across many industries including : finance , insurance , manufacturing , healthcare , and hospitality .
94 percent cite strong pressure to move quicker than ever before ; talent gap is top challenge
The majority of these IT leaders reported that they are under `` very strong '' pressure to move faster with technology this year . Pressure is coming from various parts of the business with most citing C-Level peers . `` There has been a perception that IT is n't moving quickly enough , '' says Hinchcliffe . `` IT has felt the impact of this and for the first time , we 've quantified the effects on IT , as well as where in the business they see having the biggest impact , and what they are doing about it . '' The survey finds talent to be the number one challenge with IT agility and delves into strategies and technologies IT leaders are adopting to move more quickly .
The survey and webinar are sponsored by Capriza . Hinchcliffe will be unveiling the results and their analysis for the very first time in public , including how leading CIOs plan to accelerating their efforts , in a webinar on February 23rd at 1pm ET . Register today for this exclusive first look at this data and hear Dion 's analysis .
ClickToTweet : Hear Industry Influencer @ dhinchcliffe Reveal Results of CIO Survey . Sign up for the Webinar Today ! http : //bit.ly/2lhhRVg via @ capriza
About Capriza
Capriza mobile-enables your core applications to make it easy to do business inside and outside your organization . Capriza 's enterprise mobility platform empowers IT and business units to mobile-enable critical business workflows in a matter of days without any coding , APIs or integration . Capriza disrupts the speed and economics of the enterprise mobility journey by extending the capabilities of existing applications from SAP , Oracle , Salesforce as well as custom-built solutions in a simple and useable way , onto any smartphone or tablet . Founded in 2011 by former executives of Mercury Interactive , Capriza is headquartered in Palo Alto , CA and is funded by Andreessen Horowitz , CRV , Tenaya Capital , Harmony Partners , Allen & Company , Entre Capital and Vintage Investment .
For more information , visit www.capriza.com
Follow @ capriza on Twitter
Follow Capriza on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/capriza
Follow +Capriza on Google+
Read the Capriza blog at www.capriza.com/blog
Become a fan of Capriza on Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/CaprizApps/
Super Eagles midfielder , Ogenyi Onazi has disclosed that the team will take friendlies matches against Poland and Serbia like they are World Cup games .
The Eagles will play Poland on Friday in Wroclaw , Poland , while the game against Serbia will be played in London next week Tuesday .
“ Yes it 's a friendly match , but we do n't see it as friendly , every game is important for us as we start our World Cup build-up , ” Onazi said .
The Super Eagles will be facing two top European teams at the World Cup , Croatia and Iceland and according to coach Gernot Rohr , the two matches will be an ideal preparation .
Onazi and their teammates are expected to arrive in Poland today .
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is greeted by senior North Korean official Kim Yong Chol , director of the United Front Department , which is responsible for North-South Korea affairs ( left ) , and Foreign Minister Ri Su Yong , on their arrival in Pyongyang , North Korea , Wednesday , May 9 , 2018 . Pompeo met with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il later and secured the release of three American prisoners ahead of a planned summit between Kim and President Donald Trump . Matthew Lee , Pool AP Photo
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
NoozWeek 's Top 5 also tags along on the Solstice Parade , resurrects a bout with depression , answers a duck call , and runs down landlord Dario Pini
What were you reading on Noozhawk this past week ?
1 . Train Strikes , Kills 15-Year-Old Boy Near Old Town Goleta
A 15-year-old Dos Pueblos High School student was struck and killed by a freight train the evening of June 21 in Old Town Goleta .
Authorities say the boy was among a group of youths that had congregated on the railroad tracks just before the train rolled through . There were no other injuries in the incident , but the investigation is ongoing .
A family friend , Sal Güereña , told Noozhawk the next day that the teenager 's name was Edwin Garcia .
In an obituary Güereña wrote and shared with Noozhawk readers , they described Edwin as a talented artist with a ready smile and aspirations of becoming a car mechanic . The son of Bernarda Castro and Jose Garcia , Edwin had just completed their first-year student year and was looking for a summer job to help their family .
The Edwin Garcia Memorial Fund has been established at a local bank to receive donations to help the family pay for burial expenses . To make a donation , contact Linda Güereña at 805.450.9343 .
Güereña said Edwin 's beloved dog , Rico , with whom they were inseparable , was quickly adopted by another family .
2 . Creature-Length Summer Solstice Parade Brings Out Animals of All Stripes
An estimated 100,000 people packed State Street on June 22 for the annual spectacle known as the Santa Barbara Summer Solstice Celebration .
Amid the colorful costumes , scantily clad dancers , flamboyant entries and the drumming — always the drumming — was our intern , Jordon Niedermeir , gamely walking the parade route , interviewing participants and spectators as they went .
Lola Rosales told Jordon they could n't recall how many Solstice Parades she 's attended over the years , but they said it never gets old . They and their daughter were surveying the scene from their prime parade-viewing spot near Paseo Nuevo .
“ I used to tell my daughter , whose birthday is the 21st ( of June ) , that I arranged a parade for them every year , ” Rosales joked .
Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery from the Solstice Parade .
3 . Russell Collins : Are Relationships the New Prozac ?
Russell Collins is a Santa Barbara psychotherapist and divorce mediator . It 's been a couple of years since they wrote a popular bimonthly column for us , but thanks — apparently — to a timely link from Mark Sisson at Mark 's Daily Apple , they were right back in the thick of Noozhawk 's traffic jam last week .
Collins ' column , from Sept. 21 , 2011 , explored the question of whether there 's a social aspect to depression . The theory is that people are depressed because they feel unloved , unwanted , disconnected , rejected and alone . Deep down , they just do n't believe anyone is really there for them .
According to Collins , most of us do n't think about our mood as a barometer of our relationships , and we do n't really notice how often depression and emotional disconnection travel together . Their advice ? Your relationships have the power to lighten the load of the chronic worry , helplessness and hopelessness that make up depression .
In the meantime , thanks to Mark Sisson for giving us the bump . We appreciate our new relationship , however fleeting it is .
4 . Bittersweet Ending for Ducks on Santa Barbara Streets
Our friend , Sarah Sinclair , and another motorist noticed some ducks in the road near downtown Santa Barbara on June 22 and stopped to help .
It turns out that a mother duck and two ducklings were loitering on Garden Street at the Highway 101 underpass , in the vicinity of a storm drain into which two other ducklings apparently had fallen . Santa Barbara police were called and officers soon arrived to assist .
Sinclair told Noozhawk that officers were able to corral the two ducklings from the street , but they were unable to to catch the mother . Because of the logistics of trying to move the heavy grate of the storm drain , they said they were simply not able to do anything for the lost pair . The mother duck eventually flew away and the two ducks that had been held in a cardboard box were turned over to the Wildlife Care Network .
“ Kind of scene to see five officers , a patrol car and four motorcycles on Solstice Saturday morning , herding baby ducks out of the street and into a cardboard box , ” Sinclair said .
5 . Santa Barbara Landlord Dario Pini May Pay $ 750,000 to Settle Class-Action Lawsuit
Controversy tends to follow Dario Pini , but it 's usually related to what officials say are the often deplorable conditions of their rental properties .
In a diversification of sorts , 467 of their former employees filed a class-action lawsuit , alleging labor-law violations at hotels and motels Pini owns in Santa Barbara , Ventura and Kern counties . Pini could not be reached for comment but a settlement appears to be near , Noozhawk 's Lara Cooper reported June 24 .
Two of Pini 's former employees , Polina Erokhina and Daniella Todorova , are listed as plaintiffs in the suit , which claims they did n't observe wage-and-hour laws , “ including the failure to compensate employees for overtime at the appropriate rate , and failure to compensate employees for missed meal and rest breaks. ” Both women previously worked for Pini at the Ala Mar Motel , 102 W. Cabrillo Blvd. , and the Villa Rosa Inn , 15 Chapala St .
The plaintiffs have agreed to settle the case for $ 750,000 , and the hearing on the final approval of the settlement is scheduled before Santa Barbara County Superior Court Judge Donna Geck on July 26 .
• • •
As a big-time UCLA baseball fan , I 'm still feeling the euphoria over the Bruins ' victory at the College World Series . Much has been written and said about the distinction of the school 's 109th national championship , which was the first for baseball .
Less remarked , however , was how dominating UCLA was on its 10-game winning streak in the post-season . Playing John Wooden-type baseball , the Bruins used discipline , fundamentals and wicked pitching to force every opponent to play on their terms , and then relentlessly took advantage of almost every mistake . I 've never seen such a commanding performance over so prolonged a stretch , and against the most elite and explosive teams in the country . It was extraordinary .
Copyright restrictions wo n't allow me to embed this video , but click here to view it . Go Bruins !
• • •
If you 're looking for something to do on a Friday evening , my pal , Jim Worthen , has invited me on their show , Worthen One on One , which airs live at 7 p.m. June 28 on TVSB Channel 17 . If you 've got other plans ... hey , I 'm not offended . Besides , the public-access show repeats several times , although I 'm not quite sure of the schedule .
The agenda is usually free-flowing , but I 'm hopeful that I 'll be able to promote an in-depth reporting project that Noozhawk has been working on with our friends at KEYT NewsChannel 3 . It 's powerful stuff , and our two organizations expect to air and post the first installment of the collaborative undertaking in early July .
I also hope to discuss Noozhawk 's upcoming investigative series that reporters Lara Cooper and Giana Magnoli are tackling as California Health Journalism Fellows at USC 's Annenberg School for Communication & Journalism . With the guidance of executive editor Tom Bolton and their senior fellows at USC , Lara and Giana have been exploring Santa Barbara County 's safety-net population and the health-care services provided by Cottage Health System , Marian Regional Medical Center , Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics and the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department 's Health Care Centers .
The series is not our first foray into community health reporting ( click here for our Prescription for Abuse series or read any of Lara 's reporting on mental health issues and services ) . But it 's the kind of in-depth journalism that I keep hearing is missing around here these days . You can always find it on Noozhawk .
See you on Channel 17 .
• • •
There were 62,998 people who read Noozhawk this past week . If you value our unmatched breaking news and in-depth reporting on the issues that you care about , please support our experienced staff of professional journalists and help us continue to provide a vital forum for the community .
How can you help ?
» Join our Hawks Club by clicking here to make a donation online , or mail your check to Noozhawk , P.O . Box 101 , Santa Barbara 93102 .
» . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or market your business , organization , service or event .
» Subscribe to our free daily e-Bulletin .
» Display your Noozhawk pride with a 3-inch-square Noozhawk sticker . Send a self-addressed , stamped envelope to Noozhawk Promotions , P.O . Box 101 , Santa Barbara 93102 . The free stickers — as well as full-sized bumper stickers and pens — also are available at Noozhawk World Headquarters , 1327-A State St. , by the historic Arlington Theatre .
» Like us on Facebook .
» Follow us on Twitter .
Please note that personal contributions to Noozhawk are not deductible as charitable donations .
Thank you for your support .
— Bill Macfadyen is Noozhawk 's founder and publisher . Contact them at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) , follow them on Twitter : @ noozhawk , or click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are their own .
Funeral services will be held for Calvin Raymond Kibodeaux , 79 , at 2 p.m. on June 14 , in the Duhon Funeral Home-Crowley Chapel with Bro . Len Whitaker and Bro . Rick Pavlu officiating . Visitation will begin on Wednesday , June 14 , at 10 a.m. and will continue until service time at 2 p.m. in the funeral home chapel . Interment will follow the chapel service and will be in Woodlawn Cemetery in Crowley . Mr. Kibodeaux passed away on Saturday , June 10 .
Mr. Kibodeaux is survived by their children , Carl Raymond Kibodeaux and their wife Sandra of Rayne , Robert Kibodeaux of Eunice , Calvin R. Kibodeaux Jr. and their wife Becky of Crowley , James Kibodeaux of Eunice , Regina Kibodeaux of Youngsville , Brian Kibodeaux and their wife Joanie of Crowley and Kevin Kibodeaux and their wife Shawn of Church Point , LA ; numerous grandchildren and great grandchildren .
They were preceded by their parents , Henry Kibodeaux and Agnes Campbell Kibodeaux ; brothers , Blackie Kibodeaux , Russell Kibodeaux , Melvin Kibodeaux , C.J . Kibodeaux ; and one sister , Zada Thibodeaux .
Pallbearers will be Jason Kibodeaux , Blake Menard , Carl Kibodeaux Jr. , Michael Kibodeaux , Raymond Mouton and Taylor Moresi . Honorary pallbearer will be Bradley Driscoll .
You may view the obituary , sign the guest registry and express condolences online to Mr. Kibodeaux 's family at www.duhonfuneralhome @ yahoo.com .
Duhon Funeral Home , LLC-Crowley , ( 337 ) 783-1395 . 1529 Crowley-Rayne Hwy. , Crowley , LA 70526 is in charge of all of the arrangements .
Frazee held Battle Lake to just one field goal in the first half ( 1-for-22 ) while shooting an impressive 50 percent ( 13-for-26 ) which included a 7-for-12 effort from behind the 3-point line . The Lady Hornets took an insurmountable 38-2 lead to the locker room at halftime .
What made the first half even more impressive , was the fact the Lady Hornets leading scorer and rebounder Paige Ziegler did not dress for the game due to an illness . They hope to be back in action for Frazee 's next game .
Battle Lake cut into the deficit in the second half as all of the Lady Hornets that dressed some a lot of floor time in the second half .
“ I was very happy with our energy and our focus in the first half , ” Frazee head coach Dave Conzemius said . “ We have been playing well as of late even though we have n't been picking up any victories and tonight things just flowed offensively and defensively we rotated well and rebounded well . We let up a little in the second half but it was good for the girls to pick up a much-needed victory and some confidence as we hit the final stretch of the regular season . ”
Shania Lehman led a balanced attack for Frazee with 13 points . Hailey Ellingson-Wirth added 10 points as did Natalie Nudell with a season-high 10 points starting for Ziegler .
Allison Marso led Battle Lake with a game-high 16 points .
Frazee improves to 5-15 with the victory and Battle Lake drops to 4-17 .
The Lady Hornets are back in action on Thursday at Hawley and on Saturday they travel to Concordia College to play Barnesville at 6 p.m .
BL 2 30 - 32
FRA 38 12 - 50
BL - Evavold 9 , Drake 4 , Minten 3 , Marso 16 .
FRA - Fleisher 5 , Lehman 13 , Ellingson-Wirth 10 , Mahoney 8 , Nudell 10 , Reierson 2 , Olson 2 .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
Emergency personnel come up empty in search of apparent crash scene off Mountain Drive
Emergency personnel found wreckage but no victims Sunday when they responded to a report that a vehicle had crashed into a ravine in the foothills above Santa Barbara , according to the Santa Barbara Police Department .
Police and fire personnel were called out shortly before 7 a.m. Sunday to the 200 block of Mountain Drive , police Sgt . Bryan Jensen said .
A badly damaged white Mazda SUV was located about 150 feet down the steep hillside , but a search of the wreckage and surrounding area did not turn up any injured people , they said .
It was determined that the crash scene was just outside the Santa Barbara city limits west of Montecito , Jensen said , and the investigation was handed over to the California Highway Patrol .
CHP officials could not be reached for comment Sunday .
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Before you compose some witty comebacks involving the similarities between the contents of a blocked toilet and the average social media platform , this is all about Facebook 's foray into home improvement .
US-only for now , this is an update to Marketplace or Facebook 's version of Craigslist that will focus on offering approved professionals for home services .
Deb Liu , VP of Marketplace , explained the move due to plumbers , carpenters , electricians etc being the most asked for recommendations among users in the United States .
Lacklustre
This will be more than a bunch of companies listed in one place : it will be possible to get a single quote for your home improvement project by creating a description and sending to multiple professionals at once while ironing out details via Messenger instead of playing email or phone tennis .
Here 's hoping this arrives in Ireland and Europe sometime soon . For now , Marketplace is n't available to us and we have to make do with the fairly lacklustre Buy and Sell group functionality that requires joining a group to buy , sell or swap and is little more than an online car boot sale .
https : //newsroom.fb.com/news/2018/05/marketplace-services/
The world 's third-largest financial technology ( fintech ) company , Finastra , has been officially launched , following the union announced in March between Canada 's D+H and London-based Misys .
The new company created by the combination has around 10,000 employees and over 9,000 customers across 130 countries , including 48 of the top 50 banks globally . It will be privately held by Vista Equity Partners , which has owned Misys since 2012 and added D+H three months ago .
Finastra will be led by Nadeem Syed in the role of chief executive officer ( CEO ) . They were previously CEO of Misys and has over 27 years of experience leading global technology companies .
“ We firmly believe that Finastra is greater than the sum of its parts . said Robert Smith , founder , chairperson and CEO of Vista Equity Partners .
“ The combination of scale , efficiency , and market leading service and technology will create a powerhouse in the fintech sector and uniquely position the company to meet the demands of its global customers and their clients . ”
0 views
Question of the Week Number 2 : May 31 , 2018
“ Neil , sections of my Arizona cypress are turning brown and sap is running down the trunk . What is it , and what can I do about it ? ”
Since I was a young horticulturist of 12 or 13 years of age I 've always loved Arizona cypress and their soft texture , especially the selections with steely blue needles .
That 's why I hated to see this photo and question when they came to my Facebook page a few days ago . This is almost assuredly Seiridium canker , the same fatal fungal disease that has ravaged Leyland cypress and Italian cypress plantings across Texas .
Continued Below
Advertisement
It hit Leyland cypress plants horrifically six years ago and probably three-fourths of the plants where I live and work ( DFW ) were lost in one year . In many cases they were big trees that had been used as screens for entire neighborhoods , and large equipment had to be brought in to remove them .
These plants all share the common name “ cypress , ” and they are all somewhat related . However , this disease did n't hit all of them at the same time . Italian cypress were hit by the canker and other diseases two years ago and last spring , and now this on Arizona cypress as well .
And it 's obviously been going on for a while . Although a web search for key words “ university Seiridium canker Arizona cypress ” turned up primarily matches for Leyland cypress , Oklahoma State has ventured forth to say that all three species are susceptible . Here is a link to their information .
This is a sad problem for these plants as it appears there is n't much we can do to prevent or cure it . At this point it 's probably the best just not to plant any more . But at least you know .
Posted by Neil Sperry
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cheryl and Liam Payne have split up after a two-and-a-half-year relationship .
The singers announced they were `` going our separate ways '' in nearly-identical posts to their 40 million Twitter followers .
The former Girls Aloud star , who turned 35 on Saturday , and One Direction member , 24 , have a one-year-old son , Bear .
The parents said separating had been `` a tough decision for us to make '' .
The statement added : `` We still have so much love for each other as a family . Bear is our world and we ask that you respect their privacy as we navigate our way through this together . ''
Cheryl and Payne first met on The X Factor in 2008 , when they were a judge and they auditioned as a solo contestant , then 14 years old .
Now , their pals are worried about the star in the wake of their split from the Wolverhampton singer , according to the Mirror .
And they have revealed the source of the biggest argument the couple ever had .
After they were spotted looking `` drained '' at last week 's Prince 's Trust event , pals claimed Cheryl and Liam had rowed over a comment Liam gave in an interview about them making the first move on them by `` tickling their hair '' .
`` His tendency to shoot their mouth off has already caused serious trouble with Cheryl , but the hair comment probably caused the biggest problem to date , '' a friend told heat magazine .
`` She was understandably pissed off - it sounded so ridiculous , like he 's a little boy . They really did n't feel like going to the Prince 's Trust reception after that , but they would never have pulled out . ''
`` Her friends are a bit worried - she 's been looking really tired and down at times , '' the source went on .
( Image : @ fakeliampayne )
`` She looks drained at times , like someone just going through the motions . ''
`` She knows they ca n't even begin to let themselves feel competitive with Liam , but at the same time they know if their album were to do better than hers , they could n't help but feel inferior , '' the source added .
They welcomed their son in March last year after being an item since 2016 .
In February this year the pair put on a public display of unity at the Brit Awards amid speculation over their relationship .
Cheryl later hit back at reports that their appearance had been a `` stunt '' , saying the suggestion was `` just ludicrous and a bit weird '' .
On Mother 's Day , Payne paid tribute to their partner , tweeting : `` Thanks for making the first year of my sons life incredible I 've never seen love like this before '' .
Later in March , Cheryl responded to images of their partner and another woman , saying they were an `` innocent dancer colleague of Liam 's who has a fiance '' .
They described speculation over the images as a `` desperate attempt to try to cause problems between Liam and I '' .
According to The Sun , the couple amicably agreed to separate two weeks ago .
On Friday , Cheryl celebrated their birthday with former Girls Aloud bandmates Nicola Roberts and Kimberly Walsh .
Hours before their split was announced on Sunday , Payne reminisced about their rise to fame in a Twitter post .
They said : `` When I auditioned for X factor 10 years ago I had a hole in my George Asda shoes , borrowed Armandi jeans from a friend just a 14 year old boy with big dreams ... crazy what ten years can do ... thank you . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It is the road sign that is driving a Birmingham householder around the bend .
Because council workers have installed the Belstone Close signage directly outside the home of Mark Fewtrell - who lives in bordering Kings Road .
They claim the Kings Heath mix-up has left visitors and even mail carriers scratching their heads .
Grandad Mark , 59 , lives at the last house in Kings Road and says they have been complaining about the wrong signage for an astonishing ten years .
They thought the confusion was at an end when the council recently replaced the old Belstone Close sign - but workers simply put a new and identical one in its place .
Retired gardener Mark said : “ Ten years I 've been trying to get it changed . I 've asked my local MP , the council and anyone I could think of , several times .
“ There is ample room to put the sign next door , in front of the first house of Belstone Close . It 's just daft .
“ It gets my goat every time I look out the window . ”
Mark , who has lived on the road for 14 years , claimed the road sign also restricts car access to their driveway and is causing confusing with mail carrier , who have delivered to the wrong address .
They previously posted a picture of the street sign on Twitter , stating : “ I wanted to show that this is the logic of the council . ”
A Birmingham City Council spokesperson said : “ If the resident in question wishes to make a formal request to relocate the street name plate then this will be looked into .
“ Alternatively , if they apply for an extension to the dropped kerb outside their property , then the street name plate 's location would be considered as part of this . ”
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
The Stratosphere hotel and casino in Las Vegas will undergo a $ 140 million renovation .
Golden Entertainment said it plans to upgrade existing rooms , adding new dining options including a new gastro brewery , steakhouse , and noodle bar . A currently unused space will be transformed into a meeting area to be used for group meetings and conventions . Upgrades will also be made to the casino floor , signage , Top of the World restaurant and Tower experience .
The project will begin in 2018 and be extended over a three-year period ending in the summer of 2021 .
Approximately $ 32 million will be spent during the redevelopment phase in 2018 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
DEERFIELD BEACH , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Victims are recovering in a South Florida hospital after a tragic boat explosion in the Bahamas .
The incident took place during a charter boat ride on Saturday . Officials said the explosion left 11 people hurt and one woman dead .
The deceased woman , identified as Malika Jackson , was out with their husband , Tiran Jackson , who was also badly injured . The couple from Chattanooga , Tennessee , had been celebrating their 15th wedding anniversary .
“ As they were getting ready to leave for the trip , they did call me to let me know that they were at the airport and getting ready to leave , ” said Malvin Grimes , the victim 's father , “ My last text to them was to have a good time . ”
The woman 's husband was flown to Broward Health North with severe injuries .
“ Traumatic amputation of left ankle with severe damage to the soft tissue , to bones , to arteries and nerves , ” said Dr. Igor Nichiporenko .
Tiran also suffered from a broken collarbone and fractured lower back .
Another passenger , 22-year-old Stefanie Schaffer of Vermont , lost part of both their legs .
Schaffer has been in a coma since the accident with a brain injury and has undergone five hours of surgery , including having parts of their legs amputated . As of Wednesday morning , Schaffer remains in critical condition .
“ She had a head injury , chest trauma , abdominal and pelvic trauma , and they were found to be in multiple shock stages , ” said Dr. Michael Parra .
Schaffer 's family released a statement regarding their situation that read , “ Stefanie has a long road ahead of her , but we are confident they will overcome because they have the heart of a fighter . ”
Other victims had to be transported to Clearwater by the Coast Guard .
Speaking to the Daily Mail , the owner of the tour boat company offered condolences to the victims .
“ We 've been operating for more than 10 years … We operate in a very safe manner . This is an unfortunate accident … Our hearts and prayers go out to the victims of this event , ” said Clayton Patterson Smith .
In addition to trying to heal from their own injuries , Tiran has another reason to try to stay strong .
“ Malika 's first words would have been ‘ take care of my son , ' ” said Denise Smith , the victim 's aunt .
Nichiporenko said Tiran made a phone call to their son to explain what happened .
“ It 's very tragic , ” they said .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Amber Valletta asking $ 5M for Santa Monica home The supermodel and actor is asking $ 5 million for the home they bought in 2001 for $ 1.65 million .
7 comeback models we want to see at Fashion Week On the runway , comebacks are the new black . Just ask Gemma Ward . The cult-favorite model caused a social frenzy in September when they opened Prada 's spring/summer 2015 show after ...
Modest modeling guru Eileen Ford lost out to fashion 's sexification Eileen Ford , who died Thursday at age 92 , was the self-appointed godmother of modeling . Tiny and pretty , tightly wound , they were a know-it-all with an answer for everything — eight ...
The Beckhams get richer , Ashton 's fashion line flops and more Here 's some juice before your breakfast tea : It girl Poppy Delevingne ties the knot , gets inked to prove it ; Alexander McQueen 's mentor sadly passes away ; meanwhile , in case you were ...
February 2 2008 Two Yamaha riders in the middle of winning streaks—San Manuel Yamaha rider Chad Reed on the YZ450F and Boost Mobile/Yamaha of Troy 's Jason Lawrence on the YZ250F—rode off with the wins at Anaheim 3 . Reed , in the middle of a four-race winning spree , bettered Team Honda 's Davi Millsaps and Monster Energy Kawasaki 's veteran Tim Ferry . J-Law , riding # 338 to three-straight wins , bettered Pro Circuit Kawasaki riders Austin Stroupe and Brett Metcalfe for the second win in the streak . `` I 'd like to win five or six in a row but the series is n't that long , '' laughed Lawrence on the podium . `` I hope to be up here every weekend for the rest of the season . '' Lawrence was feeling happy because their bitter rival , points leader Ryan Dungey of the Rockstar/Makita Suzuki team , crashed twice in the main and struggled to 11th .
And one rider missing from the race was reigning AMA 450 Motocross Champion Grant Langston . The Yamaha factory rider was having problems with blurred vision , thinking they had water in their retina . `` Unfortunately I 've been struggling this week with blurred vision , '' Langston told Cycle News . `` I 've got ta go see a specialist this Monday . It kills me not being out there , but hopefully I will get this problem sorted out . '' Sadly , Langston would eventually learn that what they had was cancer in their eye , and it would ultimately end their career as a racer . Langston is fine and healthy now and working as the color analyst for NBC Sports ' coverage of Lucas Oil Pro Motocross . 1991 Team Honda 's Jean-Michel Bayle picked up their second AMA Supercross win of the series to keep pace with their teammate and rival Jeff Stanton at the Seattle Kingdome . On this night , Yamaha 's Damon Bradshaw finished in between the two .
The 125 Class was literally a Hall of Fame podium , too : Jeremy McGrath beat their PEAK/Pro Circuit Honda teammate Steve Lamson and Yamaha 's Jeff Emig for the Seattle win . 2013 Red Bull KTM 's Ryan Dungey got their first win of the 2013 Monster Energy AMA Supercross Championship at Angel Stadium ( Anaheim 3 ) , stopping a two-race winning streak for defending champion Ryan Villopoto . Rockstar Energy Suzuki rider Davi Millsaps finished second and continued to hold onto the points lead and red plate that they first grabbed with their win at the Anaheim opener . Team Honda rider Justin Barcia finished third to round out the podium ; Villopoto struggled to eighth and remained fourth in the point standings , 17 down on Millsaps . The 250SX class at Anaheim 3 was also won by a Red Bull KTM rider , this time Ken Roczen . As a result , the Austrian brand had its first-ever sweep of both classes in an AMA Supercross event , the history of which goes back to 1974 . Martin Davalos ended up second on a Monster Energy/Pro Circuit Kawasaki , with GEICO Honda 's Eli Tomac third . 2002 After going 0-for-2 at the first two Anaheims of 2002 , Team Honda 's Ricky Carmichael finally got the Anaheim 3 win on their Honda CR250 . RC was trailed by a couple of Frenchmen , Kawasaki 's Stephane Roncada and Yamaha 's David Vuillemin , the series points leader .
$ 11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The RSPCA is urging dog owners to keep them on leads after a swan was mauled to death in an Erdington park .
The badly injured swan was found in Erdington 's Brookvale Park , in George Road , with severe wounds to their wings and blood stains on their feathers on Wednesday , August 9 .
Passers-by who found the swan called the RSPCA who rushed the animal to its charity 's Birmingham Animal Hospital for treatment .
However their injuries were found to be so severe that they were put to sleep to prevent further suffering .
RSPCA Animal Collection Officer Cara Gibbon , who picked up the swan , said : “ This poor swan was in a bad way and their injuries were consistent with a dog attack . They were clearly in a lot of pain .
“ Sadly this situation happens all too often and we would really urge dog owners to keep a look out for nearby swans , or any wildlife - they may be nearby but not immediately obvious - when they are out on walks and keep their pets under control , preferably on leads . A bit of extra diligence could save lives .
“ Swans , their nests and their eggs are protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 . ”
To support the work of the RSPCA visit www.rspca.org.uk/give .
1:24 High-speed rail begins work on Fresno Trench near downtown Pause
0:15 An explosive way to get a bottle of sparkling wine ready for sale
1:38 Take Your Child to Work Day is everyday for some at Trust Automation
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California 's Lake Oroville dam
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
TORONTO — Several houses under construction have been heavily damaged in a fire in northeast Toronto .
Toronto police say they were called to the Scarborough area ( near Buena Vista Avenue and Southlawn Drive ) around 10:40 p.m. last night on reports of a fire .
They say at least four houses were damaged and several nearby homes were evacuated .
Police say no injuries were reported and those evacuated were offered shelter in Toronto Transit Commission buses .
AMD has addressed performance issues between selected models of its latest second-generation Ryzen chips , based on the tweaked Zen+ microarchitecture , and popular games including PlayerUnknown 's Battlegrounds and Overwatch , promising to smooth things out - literally - with a pending AGESA update .
AMD 's Generic Encapsulated Software Architecture ( AGESA ) , a fancy term for microcode updates which can be loaded to modify how a processor or its chipset operates without physically changing the silicon , is frequently used by the company to address problems and glitches - 'errata ' in semiconductor lingo - with newly-released processors . Back in March 2017 , when the first Ryzen chips were still new and shiny , an AGESA update was used to fix a hard-crash condition encountered when programs attempted to execute a three-operand fused multiply add instruction ( FMA3 ) , and later added RAM tweaks and virtualisation capabilities as well as support for new Raven Ridge accelerated processing unit ( APU ) chips .
Now , the company is using AGESA to address reported performance issues when running selected titles on its latest second-generation Ryzen processors . 'AGESA 1002a BIOSes are coming out now for Ryzen 5 2400G & Ryzen 3 2200G with performance and smoothness improvements for PUBG , Overwatch , and Minecraft , ' AMD confirmed in a Twitter post late on Friday . 'Keep an eye on your mobo vendor 's download page . '
The company has not detailed exactly what changes have been made in AGESA 1002a , nor the underlying cause of the performance issues . The company is also silent on exactly when the update will be made available , which is out of AMD 's hands : AGESA updates must be tested and rolled into motherboard firmware updates by AMD 's board partners , a process which can take considerable time and which is entirely dependent on said vendors being on-the-ball .
AMD has not confirmed whether AGESA 1002a will have any performance impact on other Ryzen parts beyond the Ryzen 5 2400G and Ryzen 3 2200G named in the Twitter post .
Uche Secondus , the newly elected PDP chairperson in their acceptance speech Sunday morning said that APC is not a political party but “ a body hurriedly assembled to seize power without a clear-cut plan for governance ”
According to him , the PDP on the other hand was founded on ideals which reflect the true desire of the founding fathers of Nigeria . They pleaded with all those that has decamped from the party to return back home . And they assure all members of the PDP that necessary steps will be taken to avoid a repeat of our past mistakes and thanked them for their support and loyalty .
“ In the words of the 34th President of the United States of America Dwight .D . Eisenhower , ” If a political party does not have its foundation in the determination to advance a cause that is right and that is moral , then it is not a political party ; it is merely a conspiracy to seize power ” . Judging from this , it is crystal clear to all Nigerians , that APC is not a political party , but a body hurriedly assembled to seize power without a clear-cut plan for governance .
“ Our party on the other hand , was founded on ideals which are totally in tandem with those of the founding fathers of this great country .
“ Those founding fathers had in mind , a prosperous and lasting democracy as captured in the preamble of our constitution clearly stating their desire for a free and egalitarian society .
“ Even in our perceived failure of 2015 , we chose to to abide by our strong faith in democracy , willingly conceding power to opposition , thereby elevating the democratic status of Nigeria . We are the true democrats !
“ I can therefore say without an iota of doubt , that PDP 's contributions to the growth and sustenance of democracy in this country in the last 18 years remain unequaled .
“ The best way to celebrate the memories of these founding fathers , is to ensure that the ideals are continuously engaged .
“ ( At this juncture great PDP leaders and members here present , let us stand and observe a minute silent for our fallen heroes one of whom is our pioneer National Chairman and former Vice President of this country Dr Alex Ifeanyichukwu Ekwueme GCON who passed on recently )
“ With your mandate I assure you , that all necessary steps will be taken to avoid a repeat of our past mistakes . Indeed we have learnt our lessons and by this convention , we are now set to forge a new path for our great party and Nigeria .
“ Under my watch , Internal democracy will be strictly adhered to with a deliberate policy to return ‘ real ' power to the people . No more imposition , no more impunity .
“ Every member of this party can from this moment , consider them or herself , an equal shareholder in our common destiny . I call on all Nigerians , of all creed and class , to embrace this new PDP and join in this quest for a new Nigeria .
“ Particularly , I reach out to our old members who for one reason or the other have left the party , to please come back ‘ home ' .
“ thank you for a worthy contest and being part of history as this marks the first time such a highly competitive contest to produce the leadership of a political party has been held in Nigeria .
PARKLAND , Fla. ( AP ) — Faulty classroom design and failures in the police radio and 911 systems contributed to the chaos and deaths during the recent Florida high school massacre , a commission investigating the shooting was told at its first meeting Tuesday .
Broward Sheriff 's Office Detective Zachary Scott told the Marjory Stoneman High School Public Safety Commission that teachers trying to lock down their students as the gunman began their attack could n't lock classroom doors from the inside , but had to grab a key , open the door and turn the lock from the outside .
“ That 's messed up , no matter how you slice it , ” said Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri , chairperson of the 16-member commission that will prepare a report looking at the actions of state officials before and after the shooting and make recommendations . Fourteen students and three staff members died in the Feb. 14 shooting and 17 others were wounded .
The doors also had small windows that allowed the suspect , whom police have identified as former student Nikolas Cruz , to fire into classrooms that had been locked , leading to several deaths , Scott told the commission . Members include law enforcement administrators from throughout Florida , education officials , a state senator , a mental health counselor and the fathers of victims Alex Schachter , Meadow Pollack and Alaina Petty . The members were appointed by Gov . Rick Scott , state House Speaker Richard Corcoran and Senate President Joe Negron .
The commission also learned the Broward sheriff 's office and Coral Springs police department , the two primary agencies responding to the shooting , had different radio systems that prevented authorities from exchanging information — and that attempts to merge the channels failed .
Also , the city of Parkland , where the school is located , has a bifurcated 911 system . Calls from cellular phones go to the Coral Springs 911 center , while calls from landlines go to the Broward sheriff . As most calls from campus were from cellphones , Broward dispatchers were getting second-hand information from Coral Springs .
Scott played a rudimentary computer animation showing the gunman 's actions as they moved through the three-story first-year student building during their six-minute attack . The suspect and the victims were represented by dots , with the victims ' dots changing colors when they were fatally wounded . The specific victims were not identified . The audience that filled the auditorium at Broward College 's north campus remained silent as Scott talked through the animation .
Gualtieri told the members their goal should be to prevent any more mass shootings .
“ Nobody else should have to endure what those children had to endure that day , ” they said .
The commission will also examine the Broward Sheriff 's Office 's conduct before , during and after the shooting . Deputy Scot Peterson , the school 's security officer , retired after Sheriff Scott Israel criticized them and planned to suspend them for not rushing into the building to confront and kill Cruz . The commission also will consider the conduct of other deputies who arrived at the school but remained outside .
School counselors and mental health officials will appear before the commission to talk about their contact with Cruz . They spent time at a school for emotionally and mentally disturbed students before being allowed to transfer briefly to Stoneman Douglas . They were kicked out later . Cruz 's attorneys have said they would plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence . Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty .
The commission could also examine other Florida mass shootings , including a 2016 massacre at Orlando 's Pulse nightclub that killed 49 , and a 2017 shooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport that left six dead . Gualtieri suggested that it focus solely on school shootings , however .
The commission 's final report is due Jan. 1 .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The stress , extra cups of coffee and late nights in the library are underway . It 's finals season .
Final exams are held between Dec. 12 and Dec. 20 . During that time , students can be found studying all over campus , including in Fairchild-Martindale Library and Linderman Library . The libraries tend to fill up quickly each day , and some students think a lack of study spaces has contributed to their stress during finals .
After LTS made changes to FML 's sixth floor to create more study tables and open space , students have been looking for more private study spaces to review for their exams .
Alternative study areas for students include academic buildings and nearby cafes and libraries . Some students study in Saxbys and Starbucks when the libraries become overcrowded and they 're unable to find a quiet space .
Grant Cummings , '19 , is a biology major who has given up trying to find a desk in a library during finals season .
“ It 's always a chore trying to find space in FML during finals , ” Cummings said .
Instead , they said they prefer to study for their exams in one of the academic buildings Lehigh opens up for extra study space during exam periods . Not only does Cummings think it 's easier to find a study space in academic buildings , but they said the overcrowding in the libraries can be distracting .
“ I need total silence when I am studying and ca n't have any distractions , ” Cummings said . “ During exams , everyone is trying to find spaces to study in the libraries and talk with friends or roam around , and it can be distracting , especially when you want some silence . ”
Cummings said they would rather wake up earlier in the morning to claim a classroom with a whiteboard or chalkboard to study with fellow classmates in a private room . They said their favorite building to study in is Maginnes Hall .
Rachael Grobman , '19 , is majoring in political economy with a focus in entrepreneurship while also working toward their master 's in education . Grobman is typically an early riser , so they said that helps them have an easier time finding a study spot during exams .
“ I get here really early in the morning since I know it gets really crowded , so I try to get here by 10 at the latest and normally save my one friend a seat since they are not a morning person , ” they said .
Grobman said during final exams , it is common to see people save cubicles for their friends .
“ I like having a study buddy to sit near in FML , but I never save a cube for more than an hour — I do n't think that 's fair , ” they said . “ I see people come in and drop things on a cube to save and then never come back , and it 's frustrating for the people that get here and ca n't find study space . ”
Grobman said they usually study in FML but will also go to the bookstore , Williams Hall and Rauch Business Center throughout the week .
Lehigh accommodates students by extending some buildings ' hours during final exams . Starting Dec. 11 at 7:45 a.m. , FML will remain open for 24 hours each day until Dec. 20 at 10 p.m .
Packard Lab , the University Center , Rauch and Williams will also remain open past their normal hours . Students are able to reserve study rooms online through the Center for Career and Professional Development .
Allie Gleich , '20 , has been using this option since their first-year student year . They said their favorite place on campus to study during exams is STEPS .
“ It becomes really hard during finals to find places to study on campus , so you need to either get up really early to secure a seat or get creative with your study spots , ” Gleich said . “ Freshman year I learned about the ( Center for Career and Professional Development ) study rooms that you can reserve and decided to try it out . ”
Gleich said they think it is a great idea to take the empty spaces on campus and use them during the busiest times of the year . They have found that the room reservation system reduces the stress of trying to find somewhere to study .
“ They also provide coffee and snacks , ” Gleich said , “ which is a really nice plus . ”
Rookie linebacker Shaquem Griffin ( 49 ) is one of the new players on a Seahawks ' defense that is barely recognizable during the organized team activities that continued on the field Wednesday . Linebackers Bobby Wagner and K.J . Wright have been the only stars on the field for Seattle 's once-star-packed unit . Peter Haley phaley @ thenewstribune.com
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A massive alligator turned up in a South Florida neighborhood , and some residents are taking issue with the way trappers got rid of it .
A gator trapper was called out to the Snapper Creek Townhouses community in Southwest Miami-Dade , Wednesday afternoon .
“ We had a female gator that nested straight behind me , ” said resident Paul Pino , “ and we had some kids trying to pelt it with rocks , and it started to get really aggressive . ”
Out of fear for the safety of the neighborhood kids , Pino said their neighbor called the homeowner 's association to take care of the situation , expecting authorities to transplant the alligator .
“ The trapper hooked it by the neck and killed it on the spot , ” said Pino .
A camera captured the trapper killing the alligator and dragging it away .
The scene was disturbing to residents who said the neighborhood is a sanctuary for wildlife .
“ Gators are common here , ” said Pino . “ We get manatees . We get manatees here almost every day . We get a lot of geese . We 've got a neighborhood peacock . ”
Pino said the alligator had been there for some time and had never proved to be a nuisance . They said the alligator had recently laid eggs , and they believe they were protecting them nest .
“ I would have liked to see them trap it humanely and put it away , and alive , ” said Pino .
The HOA president told 7News that they had n't previously heard about the situation and that he 's now investigating , trying to find out who called in the trapper .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Intro
Middlesbrough v Arsenal
Monday 17 April 2017
Middlesbrough v Arsenal – All the action from the Premier League encounter , which takes place at the Riverside Stadium . Both sides are desperate for points for opposing reasons , with Boro fighting for their lives in the relegation zone , and the Gunners hoping to achieve yet another top-four finish , which would go some way toward appeasing their frustrated fans
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
Pre-Match
Video still processing if video still not available yet !
1st Half
Video still processing if video still not available yet !
Beneflex Insurance Services , a full-service benefits advisory firm , is pleased to announce that Amanda Johnston has joined the firm as a benefits client advocate .
They will focus on employee advocacy for the firm 's clients .
Johnston brings to Beneflex more than 20 years of customer service experience and a vast knowledge of the insurance industry , including large and small group employee benefits and individual life insurance .
They are a licensed health , accident and life agent , and worked as a client care consultant with Neovia Integrated Insurance Services for the past 12 years . They were previously a supervisor in the Policy Issue department at Chubb Sovereign Life Insurance .
With their skill set , empathy , professionalism and tenacity , Johnston is able to provide an excellent experience to clients while walking them through the mind-boggling and broken health-care system .
In their words , “ Making a difference in people 's lives on a daily basis is my ultimate goal . I want Beneflex callers to feel like they are the most important person in my day and feel confident that I will do everything in my power to answer their questions and resolve their issue . I want to provide a sense of comfort and relief to our Members in knowing they have ‘ a friend in the insurance business ' who cares about them and understands their needs . ”
Beneflex Insurance Services , Inc. is an independent agency and UBA Partner firm , headquartered in Santa Barbara , and serving employers across the United States as well as internationally . Click here for more information .
— Dana Dunaway is the finance and systems director for Beneflex Insurance Services .
Kiwi integrator expands Aussie presence following Queensland healthcare win
IntegrationWorks scales to 18 permanent staff in 18 months .
IntegrationWorks has bolstered its presence across Australia , with the New Zealand-based provider leveraging strong demand across private and public sectors .
Triggered by a `` major '' Queensland healthcare government contract win , the Wellington-based integrator is upping the ante across the Tasman , with plans in place to triple headcount across the state .
Currently , the business has scaled to 18 staff in 18 months across the country , and is now taking on larger office spaces in both New South Wales ( NSW ) and Victoria also , through Sydney and Melbourne locations .
`` Demand for vendor agnostic integration services in Australia is at an all-time high , '' IntegrationWorks Australia managing director Ian Richards said .
`` We 've got a number of enterprise sized clients in each major city all undergoing major digital transformation projects , all of which require expert integration services wrapped around their selected middleware technology . ''
Operating across New Zealand , Australia and the UK , IntegrationWorks specialises in professional and managed services , leveraging key vendor relationships with Red Hat , IBM , Oracle , Dell Boomi , MuleSoft and Eight Ware .
Through the addition of technical integration consultants to the permanent team in Australia , Richards said IntegrationWorks is now `` primed '' to meet growing demand across the states .
`` Finding the right people , who have intricate and detailed knowledge of multiple integration systems for on premise , hybrid or cloud systems , is key to our success , '' they added .
`` Layered on top of that is our methodologies , processes and quality control measures that ensures we can keep our customers happy and deliver what we promised . Without our people and processes , we 'd be fairly slow-moving . ''
While also growing the Australian technical teams , the business also has access to a Kiwi base of specialists , with expertise across DevOps and system integration .
Consequently , Richards said this has allowed quick resourcing for specific platform projects across middleware technology including IBM Hybrid Cloud , WSO2 , Dell Boomi , MuleSoft and SAP .
`` We 're fortunate to be able to share over 14 years of integration experience on over 500 enterprise integration projects from our technical team in New Zealand , '' IntegrationWorks New Zealand managing director Grant McKeen added .
`` With both countries collaborating as they do , we 're set to build even stronger businesses in each region over the next financial year . ''
The continued Australian advancement comes less than six months after the company appointed Colin Philp as CEO , with the experienced leader tasked with spearheading global expansion plans .
As reported by Reseller News , Philp came to the role with a background of senior leadership positions in high-profile enterprises , including most recently CIO of the New Zealand Racing Board .
FORT LAUDERDALE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Police are investigating a possible hit and run in Fort Lauderdale .
It happened just after midnight , Monday , near West Cypress Creek Road and South Powerline Road .
Police closed off all lanes while they investigated . They have since been reopened .
There is no word on the victim 's condition .
If you have any information on this crime , call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS . Remember , you can always remain anonymous , and you may be eligible for a $ 3,000 reward .
Copyright 2016 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
On Tuesday evening , Nashville Metro Police tweeted that they added four counts of attempted murder and one count of having a firearm while committing a dangerous felony . One of the people Reinking is accused of trying to kill is James Shaw Jr. , a Waffle House diner who heroically wrestled away the suspect 's AR-15-style rifle as they paused to reload their weapon inside the restaurant .
The suspect , 29-year-old Travis Reinking , was captured Monday in the woods near their apartment complex and charged with four counts of murder , ending a frantic 34-hour manhunt across the Nashville area .
The man accused of shooting and killing four people and wounding two others at a Tennessee Waffle House early Sunday is facing additional charges of attempted murder and unlawfully possessing a gun , authorities said Tuesday night .
BREAKING : 5 more warrants have now been issued against Travis Reinking charging 4 counts of attempted murder and 1 count of unlawful gun possession in the commission of a violent felony . 1 of the attempted murder victims is hero James Shaw . Reinking 's court date is now May 7. https : //t.co/YI1NT4qWcf
Earlier Tuesday , a judge revoked Reinking 's $ 2 million bond and postponed their hearing , originally scheduled for Wednesday , to May 7 .
At a press conference , Davidson County Sheriff Daron Hall said Reinking had been placed in solitary confinement after undergoing a mental health evaluation in the county jail . The 29-year-old is under suicide watch for a minimum 22-hour evaluation period and will be checked on every 15 minutes . Once cleared , the sheriff said , they will be placed in a restricted , maximum-security residence and confined to their cell for 22 hours a day .
Hall described Reinking as `` alert , cooperative , and compliant , '' noting that they have been eating and answering questions . However , the sheriff described Reinking 's confinement as extremely restricted , and said they have been given clothing designed specifically to prevent self-harm , barred from using utensils , and can only have contact with visitors through video conference .
Reinking , who is originally from Morton , Illinois , had a troubled history with law enforcement in the years leading up to the shooting , including an arrest at the White House in 2017 and several documented run-ins with officers in their hometown . Following their arrest in DC last July , Illinois authorities revoked Reinking 's firearms identification card and confiscated their four weapons , turning them over to their father . Reinking 's father later returned the guns to their son .
Expressing frustration about the criminal justice system 's handling of people with mental illness , Hall said Tuesday that the Waffle House shooting was `` evidence that we have too many guns and too many mentally ill people . '' They called for mental health to be `` treated as `` a health issue instead of hidden in jails and prisons . ''
`` When mental illness and access to guns collide , we often see tragedy unfold , '' Hall later said in a tweet .
supposedly continues to give their side of the story in thecase . The woman suing them for allegedly putting them at risk for herpes said they had sex with the singer the night of one of their concerts . However , according to TMZ , Usher continues to call BS . Their alibi ? They were spending quality time with theirs soon to be wifeduring the alleged November 2014 encounter .
Sources tell TMZ that Usher was just about to be engaged with Grace at the time of Quantasia 's alleged sex encounter . The idea that Usher met Quantasia at a Days Inn after their concert on November 15 would conflict with Usher 's lifestyle at the time , according to sources close to the singer .
Their people also added that Usher 's concert ran late that night . It would have pushed Quantasia and Usher 's meet-up to after midnight , which conflicts with Quantasia 's Facebook account that they hooked up around 12 . Sources also say the singer 's travel schedule was super tight that day so they would n't have had time for a quick fling with Quantasia .
However , other sources who worked at the Days Inn still say that they saw Usher there that night , so Usher is n't completely off the hook . We 'll keep you updated as the case continues to unfold .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
The Niger State Government on Monday commenced the disbursement of the N1 billion Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) Micro Small and Medium Enterprises Development Fund ( MSMEDF ) to 11 , 578 beneficiaries .
The fund was the first tranche of disbursement to Micro , Small and Medium Enterprises ( MSMEs ) aimed at creating financial inclusion , wealth and empowerment of youths .
Gov . Abubakar Bello of Niger said the state government had keyed into the initiative as part of its restoration agenda to empower youths to be engaged in useful ventures to become self-reliant .
They advised the beneficiaries to be prudent in the management of the funds as they were loans to be paid back .
Bello said the government would continue to support MSMEs so as to stimulate economic growth , create jobs and engage the youths to reduce restiveness .
“ I must make it clear that these monies are not free , they are loans to artisans , which must be repaid so that others too can benefit .
“ Our desire to focus on the SMEs is to help the absorption of productive resources at all levels of the economy .
“ This will enable them contribute to the building of flexible economy system in which artisans in the state are fully empowered to contribute to our economy , '' they said .
They commended the effort of the agency in getting the beneficiaries and urged it to strengthen its recovery process to the loans were repaid .
In their remarks , Alhaji Farouk Audi , the Director-General of the Small , Medium Enterprises and Micro Finance Agency , in the state , said the beneficiaries were drawn across the 25 Local Government Areas .
According to Audi , 6 , 343 out of the total number are women constituting 60 per cent , while 5,244 are men .
They said three local government areas were selected in the three senatorial districts , adding that the scheme was targeted at generating wealth and job creation .
Audi added that the scheme would increase productivity and output of micro enterprises , enhance access to finance by MSME 's operators , reduce poverty to the barest minimum and address social vices among youths .
Also speaking , Alhaji Mahammad Mudi , the state Commissioner of Investment , Commerce and Industry , said the scheme would strengthen private sector operatives , ease access to affordable credit facility and create an enabling environment for businesses to strive .
They explained that the scheme was designed to empower the less privileged , petty traders , farmers , artisans , cottage industries , trade and general commerce , agricultural value-chain and business associations .
Mudi added that the scheme was a soft loan with beneficiaries expected to repay with ease through a simplified repayment guide within the recovery period . ( NAN )
BY JIMITOTA ONOYUME
WARRI—KOKO , headquarters of Warri North Local Government Area was agog last Friday when Iwerre College Old Students Association , ICOSA , donated chairs and tables valued at about N700,000 to the school .
An elated Principal of the school , Mrs Iyabo Enukpere in their address said seats were part of the major challenge in the school , noting that at a time students were sitting on bare floor , a situation that forced them to reach out to several companies and organisations for support .
They thanked the old students for coming back to give to their secondary school , urging them to do more .
Mrs Enukpere also enjoined them to help press for more teachers to be posted to the school , stressing that the school at the moment , needed teachers in some science subject areas and Government .
“ We appreciate what you have done for us . I admitted students into SS1 at a time there were no seats . I went to Total and several other companies around to beg for seats . To crown it all , you have given us seats , we are grateful .
“ We will always ask for more . Government is doing its best . We will want you to support the efforts of government to sustain the glory of the school . We do n't have enough teaching staff . Until government closes this gap , arrangement can be made for teachers to assist the school , ” they said
Interim National President of the body , Mr. Eyinsan Esiegbuya during the presentation assured that the old students would continue to support the growth of the school and appealed to old students yet to identify with the body to come forward .
They said the school turned out its first graduates in 1973/74 , adding that as old students , they were impressed with the sanitary condition of the school when they came in for the donation .
Esiegbuya appealed to the students to shun any temptation to indulge in acts of cultism and urged them to take their studies seriously .
They further promised that the old students would take steps to see how they would redress challenges of teaching staff and related problems in the school .
They said the old students were already working to ensure that the golden jubilee of the school by 2020 would be well celebrated .
“ We understand the current challenges with shortages of academic staff in key subjects like mathematics and sciences thereby leaving the school laboratory and equipment to moths , cobwebs and dust with dire impacts on student academic performance . We shall strive to draw government attention to the school in these areas that need government 's attention , ” they said .
The students later did a special dance for the old students , thanking them for their support .
WHEN a woman asked a fellow plane passenger if they could switch seats so they could sit next to their boyfriend , they had no idea it would set in motion a modern day love story that could warm even the coldest of hearts .
When Rosey Blair and their boyfriend hopped on their flight home to Dallas , Texas they discovered they were n't seated together .
Fortunately another woman agreed to switch places . As they did so , Rosey joked that maybe the woman 's new seat partner `` would be the love of them life '' .
But when the woman 's seatmate arrived , Rosey realised their off-handed comment may have been more accurate than they thought , and so they did what anyone would do - they started documenting the budding love story on social media .
As the two started to chat it was revealed that they had a lot of things in common , like both being personal trainers and vegetarians .
They also note that neither of them are wearing a wedding ring - a good sign for their potential relationship .
It did n't take long for Rosey 's followers to become hooked on the unfolding events , with them promising that they would track their story `` all the way to baggage claim '' .
They also noted that both were very attractive , another sign that they were clearly meant to spend their lives together .
Things really started to heat up when the woman came back from the bathroom with their hair down , after previously having it in a ponytail , and started asking the man for fitness tips .
They then ordered a cheese board to share - which is obviously something you only do with a potential life partner right ?
The couple then got to the stage where they were sharing family photos with each other .
As the pair got more serious , so did Rosey . So dedicated was they to keeping the growing number of people following the love story updated , they even paid for extra Wi-Fi .
Then a breaking development occurred - the two left for the bathroom at the SAME TIME , leaving Rosey and everyone following the story understandably freaking out about what it could mean .
They soon returned and started helping each other clean up their seating area .
As the flight continued they got more comfortable with each other .
They even started having a conversation about what they want out of life in regards to marriage and children . The man mentioned that in the past they have been too focused on their fitness to pursue relationships .
They then hit another milestone in their relationship by following each other on social media .
When the plane landed , the two went to baggage claim together , with Rosey snapping a picture of them looking very cosy .
After some detective work , Rosey 's boyfriend found their Instagram accounts , which revealed that they were both single and both lived in Dallas .
`` They 're gon na fall in love , and get married , and have babies ! '' Rosey said in one of the video updates .
We hope so Rosey . We really do .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Dallas Stars ' Remi Elie ( 40 ) gets the puck as Winnipeg Jets ' Mathieu Perreault ( 85 ) is wrapped up by Brett Ritchie ( 25 ) during the second period of an NHL hockey game Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Winnipeg , Manitoba . ( Trevor Hagan/The Canadian Press via AP )
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- Dallas has handed out seven more power play opportunities than they 've been given during the first five games of this six-game road trip . That continues a trend that has been a problem all year .
The Stars have been shorthanded the second most times in the league at 253 while drawing 221 power plays ( 15th most ) .
`` You do look up at the lead-up , and there are certain qualities that we 've got to have to not get ourselves in the position to take those penalties , '' Stars coach Ken Hitchcock said of two tripping penalties in the third period Sunday . `` We 've had tired people out on the ice making tired plays , and that 's what got us into a little bit of problems . ''
The Stars in the Lindy Ruff era drew the third most power play opportunities in the NHL because they ran an aggressive offense . They finished plus-85 in power play opportunities compared to times shorthanded over a four-year span . They are minus-32 this season .
`` If you have more time in the O-zone , you 're going to draw more penalties , and that 's what we 've got to get , '' said defenseman John Klingberg . `` We 've got to get more grinding shifts , got to get more pucks in the O-zone , got to get more people at the net , as well . That 's when you 're going to draw penalties . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A young female student who experiences severe acne has managed to completely transform their skin .
Kali Kushner has gone viral on social media , bagging scores of followers , with many flocking to see them unbelievable before-and-after pictures .
The 22-year-old , from the USA , saw their entire face covered in dark red spots .
The spots began after developing cystic acne when they were 19 .
Kali revealed they always had some `` minor '' acne , but it suddenly `` went full-force crazy '' , leaving them embarrassed and in search of a cure , reports the Mirror .
Kali - who has nearly 26,000 followers - has tried almost every oil , cream and antibiotic on the market without success .
But they finally found a `` magic '' solution which has caused their acne to vanish .
The student , from the US state of Ohio , said their dermatologist got them on a six-month course of the medication Accutane .
The tablet , also known as isotretinoin , is a form of vitamin A that targets oil glands in the skin by restricting the amount of oil released .
It helps to renew the skin more quickly , according to Drugs.com .
Kali said the drug started to clear their skin within weeks , but at a cost to other parts of their body .
They told Marie Claire : `` “ It was honestly like magic . The only downside was the side effects , which , for me , made me dry literally everywhere , and made me feel achey all over , all day long , every single day .
`` It 'd take me ten minutes just to get out of bed in the morning , because my back was so sore . ''
Kali used Instagram to share photos of their transformation , and began amassing thousands of fans who offered encouragement or cited them as inspiration .
The student , who has been off the drug for more than a year , said : “ I used to think it was odd , because I really did n't do anything magical - I just took Accutane and a bunch of selfies , but now I realise that the reason people are so dedicated to following my story is because nobody actually posts stuff like this . ''
Throughout their journey they have realised that many people do n't understand the causes of acne , wrongly believing it 's due to a lack of hygiene .
Kali , who still has scars from their acne , said it 's down to things such as hormones , blood sugar and genetics more than anything else .
Accutane is no longer on the market , but the drug is still available by its medical name , isotretinoin .
The NHS says the medication is only recommended in severe cases where other treatments have failed .
It can normalise sebum ( an oily or waxy matter ) secreted from glands in the skin , prevent follicles from becoming clogged , eliminate bacteria and reduce redness and swelling in and around spots .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But there are a wide range of side effects , including inflammation , dryness and cracking of the skin , changes in blood sugar levels , inflammation of the eyelids and eyes , and blood in urine .
Kidney disease , hepatitis and pancreatitis are more severe but rarer side effects .
The drug is also capable of damaging an unborn baby , so it should n't be used by women who are pregnant .
Users are asked to sign a form acknowledging the risk of birth defects .
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital Wednesday less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building . The country 's security services said Babchenko 's death was faked to foil a plot to take their life .
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko , a strong critic of the Kremlin , was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by their wife . Authorities said they suspected they were killed because of their work .
Vasyl Gritsak , head of the Ukrainian Security Service , announced at a news conference Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko 's slaying . They then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room .
To the applause and gasps of the press , Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
`` I 'm still alive , '' they said .
Before ushering Babchenko into the room , Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $ 40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing . The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman .
Babchenko , one of Russia 's best-known war reporters , fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats . They spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against them and their family .. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone , email and social media .
Ilya Ponomarev , a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine , said Wednesday that Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev , where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station . Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously , according to Ponomarev .
Moscow 's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin .
It 's Valentine 's Day , and love is in the air- literally ! A couple got engaged on a Southwest Airlines flight over Missouri , and the flight attendants and other passengers became willing participants in a celebratory walk down the isle . While they did n't go ahead and officially tie the knot right there on the plane , they were able to celebrate their decision to do so when the flight attendant started singing them a sweet song to honor their love !
RELATED : Why It 's Never Too Early In A Relationship To Celebrate Valentine 's Day [ EXCLUSIVE ]
RELATED : Is Valentine 's Day Overrated ? [ EXCLUSIVE ]
RELATED : Why Single Women Should Celebrate Valentine 's Day [ EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW ]
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Saudi prisoners have a suite life .
Over the weekend , more than 30 senior Saudi officials and royal family members were arrested in what was portrayed as an anti-corruption crackdown — and their prison cells are nicer than anything the majority of the world will ever experience .
The political prisoners — among them 11 princes and a billionaire investor — have been detained inside the walls of Saudi Arabia 's lavish five-star Riyadh Ritz-Carlton , where a “ royal suite ” runs $ 5,332 a night .
Hotel guests were woken up at 11 p.m. Saturday and asked to report to the lobby with their bags , according to the Guardian . They were then bused to other hotels while dozens of political prisoners moved in .
But before it was turned into a posh detention center , the Ritz-Carlton Riyadh , which opened in 2011 , racked up a 4½-star rating on TripAdvisor . The travel company also recently awarded the ritzy hotel a certificate of excellence .
The five-star palace boasts 493 guest rooms , including 49 two-bedroom royal suites and 50 one-bedroom executive suites , an all-male spa , cigar lounge and bowling alley . Its 62,000 square feet of event space is rented out for weddings and conferences for the world 's elite . It also features two five-star restaurants , a late-night dessert shop and a spot for afternoon tea .
“ My vision for the Ritz-Carlton , Riyadh is to [ be recognized as a ] world-class luxury hotel not just in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Middle East region , but globally , ” the hotel 's general manager , Gerrit Graef , said in an interview in 2016 .
A video obtained by the New York Times shows the hotel 's Ballroom B filled with people lying on mattresses as armed guards stand in the background . Non-royal prisoners reportedly are being kept together in one room and sleeping on mattresses , according to the Intercept .
Saudi Arabia 's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ordered the arrests as they embark on an ambitious effort to overhaul and diversify the oil-dependent kingdom . The sweep was depicted as part of an anti-corruption effort , but the prince 's power play also served to sideline potential rivals and critics .
Saudi Arabia is ruled by multiple branches of the royal family , all of whom are descended from the kingdom 's founding ruler , Abdulaziz al-Saud ( Ibn Saud ) . The kingdom depends on tribal loyalty , and the royals would take it personally if one of their own was placed in a common jail cell — regardless of charges or accusations .
“ He could n't have put them in the jail , ” a senior official told the Guardian , referring to the crown prince 's decision . “ So this was the most dignified solution they could find . ”
The hotel has n't addressed the presence of imprisoned guests , but a message on its website says its internet and telephone lines are currently disconnected due to “ unforeseen circumstances . ”
The KEY to getting through a dentist appointment is…
A new study found that it 'll calm you down and help you get through a dentist appointment if you pretend you 're lying on a lounge chair on the beach instead of sitting in a chair in the dentist 's office .
The researchers say that one day , dentists might even give you VR goggles to help you picture yourself on a beach .
Click Here to see more .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County fans have reacted with delight to today 's Rams XI to face Brentford .
Manager Gary Rowett has made three changes to the side that drew with Millwall on Tuesday night . In comes Marcus Olsson , Ikechi Anya and Cameron Jerome - making their first start for the Rams .
They replace Craig Forsyth , Andreas Weimann and David Nugent . Forsyth and Nugent are on the bench but Weimann is not included in the match-day XI following the birth of their daughter .
It seems that Rams fans are happy with the changes .
George - @ George_DCFC on Twitter - said : `` Happy with that team . Come on then Anya you 've got your chance now . ''
Dan Green added : `` In the space of five days , Anya has gone from outsider to starter ... hopefully they add match-winner to that too . ''
Here is what supporters have been saying on social media :
Villanova big man Omari Spellman will sign with an agent and remain in the NBA draft , forgoing their final three seasons of eligibility .
Spellman , a 6-foot-9 , 245 pound stretch five , made the announcement on their Instagram page on Wednesday afternoon . They are expected to be taken in the late first or early second round .
Like Donte DiVincenzo , who announced on Tuesday that they will remain in the NBA draft as well , Spellman played their way into being an potential first round pick with a strong performance in the NBA draft combine .
But unlike DiVincenzo , Spellman is a piece where Villanova does not exactly have the horses to make up for their loss . Do n't get me wrong , losing DiVincenzo was a blow — there was a chance they could have been the preseason national player of the year — but Villanova has players that can fill their void . Albany grad transfer Joe Cremo is going to be a contributor at the Big East level . Phil Booth and Eric Paschall will be able to shoulder a heavier load offensively . Jermaine Samuels has the potential to be a star for the Wildcats one day , perhaps even next season .
Jay Wright does not have that luxury .
A 6-foot-9 big man that totally changed their body when they arrived on campus at Villanova after getting ruled ineligible for their first-year student season by the NCAA , Spellman proceeded to drop nearly 50 pounds of fat from their frame . He 's now a chiseled 245 pounds , and , at the end of their redshirt first-year student season , far more explosive than anyone thought they would be . They are n't a great shot-blocker but they were effective enough at the college level . He 's a good rebounder as well , and given their high body-fat content — they had the highest number at the combine — there is still room for them to streamline their body even more .
Spellman 's real skill is their ability to play on the perimeter . They shot 43.3 percent from three this season , and he 's skilled and coordinated enough to be able to put the ball on the floor and attack a closeout . Their ability to play on the perimeter offensively and defend the paint on the defensive end was what brought everything together for Villanova . They were their connector . There is no more valuable combination of skills in basketball at this point than being able to defend the rim on one end and space the floor on the other .
That 's not going to be easy to replace , and it 's the biggest reason why Villanova has slid to No . 5 in the NBC Sports preseason top 25 .
Leo Varadkar 's election as leader is a first for many reasons , but a less well known one is this – they are the first Trinity College Dublin graduate to become Taoiseach .
For historians and academics , it marks a significant milestone in “ normalising ” an institution which for so long has been a place apart from Irish society .
Ever since its foundation , during the reign of the original Queen Elizabeth , it was regarded by many as an extension of the crown and the preserve of the country 's Protestant elite .
UCD , by contrast , founded as the Catholic University of Ireland , counts at least four taoisigh among its graduates .
“ It signals something – presumbly that we are becoming more mainstream , ” says Trinity 's provost , Dr Patrick Prendergast .
“ If it was the 1960s or 1970s , people would have been surprised . Now , it has become much more central to politics. ” Contrary to popular belief , a ban on Catholics was dropped by Trinity in the 1790s .
Permission
Until as recently as the early 1970s , however , Catholics were required to seek the permission of their local bishop to attend . In practice , many never did .
Tensions also occasionally flared up between Trinity and an increasingly nationalist Ireland in the early decades of the last century .
During the 1916 Rising , an entire battalion of British troops was stationed on the campus .
Following Victory in Europe day in May 1945 , some Trinity students provoked a mini-riot after flying Union Jack flags , while one apparently burned a Tricolour . As word spread , more nationally-minded students from UCD arrived on the scene , including a young Charles Haughey . Police baton charges prevented an invasion of the college .
Diarmaid Ferriter , professor of modern history at UCD , says archival records at their university give the sense of students who were steeped in nationalism and prepared to play their role in leading the country .
Unionist tradition
Trinity , because of its unionist tradition , remained much closer to Britain culturally and politically .
Much has changed since , says Dr Prendergast .
“ The [ ban on Cathlolics ] was a rather unusual step which prevented many coming here who might otherwise have done so , ” they said , “ It 's strange to think of it now . I could n't tell you the religion of anyone . ”
Prof Ferriter says both universities had been working closely with other for years and had moved on from the sharp differences that once defined them .
“ Even when I came into UCD in 1989 , there was still a sense of Trinity being a competitor in representing something different , culturally and ideologically , ” says Prof Ferriter .
“ But if you look at south Dublin schools nowadays , they are sending students to both colleges in near-equal numbers . . . Both universities work closely together . TCD and UCD are now really singing from the same hymn sheet . ”
Dr Prendergast , meanwhile , has welcomed the election of the first “ Trinity Taoiseach ” .
“ We are delighted for Leo on this historic day , ” they said . “ It is a major achievement for them both personally and professionally and we wish them well in the new role . We also look forward to welcoming them on campus as Taoiseach and for staff and students to meet with him . ”
Studied medicine
Mr Varadkar studied medicine at Trinity and completed their six-year degree in 2003 .
Staff at the college say that , as a student , they were serious about their academic work and engaged with interests beyond their medical studies .
They were active in Young Fine Gael at the college and served as vice-president of the Youth of the European People 's Party .
They were also selected for the prestigious Washington Ireland Program for Service and Leadership , a six-month programme of personal and professional development for Irish university students .
“ We are proud of Leo Varadkar and their achievements , ” says Prof Paul Browne , head of Trinity 's school of medicine . “ He has been involved in the school of medicine since they graduated and has been generous with their time with both students and faculty alike . ”
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com . It 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day , and put a little more fun into your life . It 's all brought to by the same great [ ... ]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day , and put a little more fun into your life . It 's all brought to by the same great team [ ... ]
WQAMMiami 's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida 's original sports station . For over 20 years , WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved local personalities . With Joe Rose leading the way in mornings , WQAM features Miami 's most extensive offering of live and local [ ... ]
South Florida H.S . SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com ! We 're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http : //miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “ crew ” J.T . Wilcox SFHSSports Managing Editor JT.Wilcox @ CBSRadio.com Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1 @ aol.com . We want to hear from you ! . By Telephone 305-654-1700 . By Mail South Florida High School Sports [ ... ]
At the University of Rhode Island 's 127th commencement May 18-19 , more than 3,200 undergraduate and 770 graduate students became the university 's newest alumni .
Samantha Crane of Santa Barbara received a bachelor of arts degree in marine affairs with a minor in political science .
Students who received the honor summa cum laude graduated with a cumulative grade point average of at least 3.7 ; students who received the honor of magna cum laude graduated with a GPA of at least 3.5 ; and students who received the honor of cum laude graduated with a GPA of at least 3.3 .
The University of Rhode Island 's pioneering research extends the university 's influence well beyond its coastal borders , while its unique interdisciplinary courses provide its 16,680 undergraduate and graduate students with global opportunities in an intimate environment . The university now has about 110,000 alumni worldwide .
FILE - This October , 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report shows the kitchenette in the hotel room of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock 's 32nd floor room of the Mandalay Bay hotel in Las Vegas , an image released as part of a preliminary report by Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo on Friday , Jan. 19 , 2018 , in Las Vegas . The name of a man identified in court documents as a person of interest in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was publicly revealed because of a court error . Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish said Tuesday , Jan. 30 , 2018 , that their staff failed to black out the name in nearly 300 pages of documents released to news organizations including The Associated Press and Las Vegas Review-Journal . Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP , File )
A murder suspect was arrested Sunday after the vehicle in which they were riding was involved in a police chase from Santa Maria to Guadalupe , according to the Santa Maria Police Department .
Joseph Munoz , 35 , of Oceano , was taken into custody in connection with a slaying that occurred late Friday in Oceano .
Munoz was in a vehicle that was spotted in Santa Maria at about 9:30 a.m. Sunday by Santa Maria officers , who were working with the San Luis Obispo County Sheriff 's Department , Santa Maria police Sgt . Dan Cohen said .
The vehicle fled , and officers followed in a pursuit that lasted more than 20 minutes and spanned 28 miles , Cohen said .
They said the vehicle pulled over in a residential neighborhood in Guadalupe , and the three occupants were arrested without incident .
In addition to being a suspect in the killing , Munoz was wanted for violating their parole , Cohen said .
They were booked into San Luis Obispo County Jail .
The driver of the vehicle , Cassandra Deleon , 24 , of Santa Maria , will face charges of felony evading arrest in Santa Barbara County , and was taken into custody by San Luis Obispo authorities on unspecified charges .
Stacy Araujo , 42 , of Santa Maria , another passenger in the vehicle , also was taken into custody on unspecified charges , Cohen said .
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Nike Inc. is scheduled to announce fiscal third-quarter earnings on Thursday after the closing bell , about a week after two company executives resigned following workplace complaints .
Wedbush analysts led by Christopher Svezia said the announcements were “ likely not a sign of business deterioration ” and news that Chief Executive Mark Parker would stay at the iconic athletic gear company was a “ positive . ”
Parker said last week they would continue in their role beyond 2020 . Elliott Hill will take on a new role as president of consumer and marketplace , responsible for Nike Direct , global sales , marketing and geographies .
That same day , The Wall Street Journal reported that Trevor Edwards , Nike NKE , -0.61 % brand president , had resigned immediately and would retire from the company in August .
The following day , a second executive , Jayme Martin , vice president and general manager of global categories and a “ top lieutenant ” to Edwards , also resigned .
Stifel analysts are hopeful that steady leadership will help the company reach its business performance goals .
Read : Here 's what the 30 companies that make up the Dow industrials are doing to address sexual-harassment claims
“ The organizational changes appear aligned with operation strategies to become more consumer-centric and innovation driven , ” analysts led by Jim Duffy wrote in a note published Thursday . “ We remain optimistic for Nike 's North America turnaround and international and direct momentum and reaffirm our buy rating and $ 80 price target . ”
However , some analysts are concerned about the company 's ability to reach its lofty business goals .
Nike has an average overweight stock rating and an average price target of $ 69 , according to 37 analysts surveyed by FactSet . The stock traded last at about $ 66 .
Also : Is Under Armour slipping into irrelevance ?
Here 's what to expect :
Earnings : Nike is expected to report earnings per share of 53 cents , according to FactSet analysts , down from 63 cents last year .
Estimize , which crowdsources estimates from sell-side and buy-side analysts , hedge-fund managers , executives , academics and others , expects per-share earnings of 56 cents .
Nike has beat earnings expectations going back to at least March 2013 , according to FactSet . Since September 2016 , the company has beat earnings expectations by double-digit percentages .
Revenue : FactSet consensus is for revenue of $ 8.85 billion , up from $ 8.43 billion year-over-year .
Nike beat revenue expectations four of the nine previous quarters .
Estimize expects revenue of $ 8.88 billion .
Share price : Nike shares are up 3 % for the last three months , and up 14.5 % for the past year . The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , -1.61 % is up 1.5 % for the past three months , and has increased 14.4 % for the last 12 months .
See : Walmart and Dick 's Sporting Goods surge in public 's esteem after breaking ties with NRA
Other issues :
-Stifel analysts expect long-term growth from Nike .
“ While North American fundamentals are challenged near-term we view the athletic category as having long-duration global secular and structural tailwinds , ” Stifel wrote . “ We see Nike uniquely positioned to execute to a more direct model which we expect translates to growth , margin improvement , and strengthening ROIC longer-term . ”
-Wedbush analysts are bullish about new products , calling the “ biggest standout ” the Epic React , priced at $ 150 and released on February 22 . Analysts think it has potential through fiscal 2019 , including back-to-school .
“ The cadence of new footwear styles are notably higher versus a year ago and the pipeline embraces more retro and casual silhouettes ( Air 270 , Shox Gravity , Epic React ) versus largely a single technical style last year ( VaporMax ) , ” analysts wrote in a March 12 note . “ At the same time comparisons are easing , particularly around key categories like basketball and in some aspects , returning to growth . ”
Wedbush rates Nike shares outperform with a $ 74 price target .
Do n't miss : Foot Locker shares sink but analysts recommend investors ‘ buy the weakness '
-Susquehanna Financial Group analysts say they will “ remain on the sidelines ” to wait for increased clarity , with the North American business still a question mark .
“ [ R ] eaching the fiscal 2022 $ 50 billion revenue goal requires Nike to add over $ 4 billion in North American business , which will require a deft balance of scale and scarcity , ” analysts led by Sam Poser wrote in a Friday note .
Susquehanna said the company is transforming into one that 's focused on innovation , digital capabilities and consumer expectations , but achieving the necessary results will be a tall order , requiring new products like the Epic React to reach high volumes .
“ In the near-term , North America trends remain lackluster and it is unclear to us how quickly and to what degree Nike can execute a turnaround , ” analysts wrote .
Susquehanna rates Nike shares at neutral with a $ 57 price target .
The state government will extend full cooperation to the Indian Navy in protecting fishermen and their livelihood , said TN chief minister Edappadi Palaniswami .
They were speaking at the dedication ceremony of the warship INS Chennai .
Addressing ministers , senior bureaucrats and navy officials on board INS Chennai , Palaniswami said , “ Fishermen operating in traditional waters must be protected from attacks by Sri Lanka . ”
Indian Navy Vice Admiral H.C.S . Bisht said , “ Navy is fully geared up to meet the challenges at sea due to potent weapon platforms like INS Chennai . We are committed to providing assistance to the state whenever required. ” The ship has a complement of about 45 officers and 395 personnel .
( TOI )
In today 's Danni 's Dish , we discussed Young Thug and their infidelities . We also discussed Tina Campbell defending their vote of Donald Trump during an appearance of The Real .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
There has never been more venture capital chasing bad ideas than at present , attendees at the inaugural Dublin Tech Summit were told on Wednesday .
Nonetheless , Donal Byrne , chief executive of real-time analytics company Corvil , said we are living at an exciting time in which advances in technology are driving progress .
“ We 've never seen an evolution in technology like that which is coming along in the next 25 years and the most amazing thing is that if you have a good idea you can cause disruption from any place on the planet , ” they said .
Speaking at a panel on big data , Mr Byrne said it was once the case that you had to be in Silicon Valley to find success but this is no longer the case .
“ It is the most fascinating time ever . I remember going to Silicon Valley in 1994 before the whole internet thing took off and at the time , for a young engineering student from Dublin , it seemed like the only place where one could succeed but things have completely changed since then , ” they said .
Mr Byrne was one of more than 200 speakers at the two-day event held in the Convention Centre in Dublin .
Other speakers include tech guru Gary Vaynerchuk ; Twitter EMEA vice-president Bruce Daisley ; Movidius founder and chief technology officer David Moloney ; ” sex tech ” entrepreneur Cindy Gallop ; MongoDB chief marketing officer Meagen Eisenberg ; and the Smashing Pumpkins drummer Jimmy Chamberlin , who is involved in start-ups and digital media .
The event organisers were hoping to attract up to 10,000 attendees to the event , but while there were queues to get in early in the morning , visitor numbers seemed to be somewhat below expectations on the first day .
Dublin Tech Summit is hosting eight different session streams , or stages , including the Internet of Things ( IoT ) ; fintech ; big data ; fashion ; and medtech . It also has the features you 'd typically expect at such events , including robots , beanbags , industrial strength coffee and the ubiquitous start-up pitch competition .
ADVERTISEMENT
Gig economy
Also speaking at the event on Wednesday was Diarmuid Russell , head of Glassdoor International , an online platform that has been described as a “ TripAdvisor for the workplace ” .
The company , which opened a Dublin office in February 2016 with plans to create 100 jobs , allows employees to post anonymous reviews of their companies , covering everything from salary details and workplace culture to what kind of questions to expect in interviews .
Speaking to The Irish Times , ahead of their appearance , Mr Russell said research carried out by the company showed the so-called “ gig economy , ” in which individuals work as independent contractors for companies such as Uber and Deliveroo , has plateaued .
“ It 's never going to play a major part in the future of work as employees have come to see its limitations , ” said Mr Russell .
The Dublin Tech Summit , which promises technology for everyone , rather than just so-called “ tech bros ” continues on Thursday with panels on everything from the rise of robots and the future of global money transfer to trends in analytics , IoT threats , growth hacking and blockchain .
Russia 's campaign to extradite Vladimir Putin 's arch foe Bill Browder suffered a setback on Wednesday after police in Spain first detained the US-born financier and then released him .
Mr Browder , who was in Madrid to testify to Spanish prosecutors about a corruption case allegedly involving Russian officials , tweeted from a police car early on Wednesday that they had been arrested under a Russian Interpol warrant .
However , Spanish police released them from custody after one hour , saying the Interpol warrant was no longer valid .
Mr Browder , whose Hermitage Capital Management Fund was once one of the biggest portfolio investors in Russia , has become a fierce critic of the Kremlin since being barred from entering the country in 2005 .
They have campaigned internationally for sanctions – including visa bans and asset freezes – against Russian officials accused of corruption and human rights abuses .
Fraud and tax evasion
The sanctions are named after the late Sergei Magnitsky , a Hermitage Capital lawyer , who uncovered evidence that Russian officials were involved in a complex fraud and tax evasion scheme using assets stolen from the hedge fund . When Mr Magnitsky sued the Russian state for the alleged fraud in 2008 they were arrested and held in a Moscow jail where they developed a severe illness . They died the following year after their jailers denied them urgently needed medical treatment .
Russia has denied involvement in the Hermitage Capital fraud and instead accused Mr Browder and Mr Magnitsky of creating a firm for tax evasion purposes ..
A Moscow court found Mr Browder guilty in absentia of fraud and tax evasion in 2013 at the same trial where the deceased Mr Magnitsky faced charges and sentenced them to nine years in jail . Their lawyers have appealed against the verdict saying the case was politically motivated .
Moscow has repeatedly tried to use Interpol to arrest Mr Browder and extradite them to Russia to face jail . Their name was placed on an Interpol wanted list last year at Russia 's behest in 2013 , but swiftly removed after being deemed “ predominantly political in nature ” by the the international criminal police organisation .
Spanish prosecutors
Mr Browder was in Madrid on Wednesday to give evidence to Spanish prosecutors about money from the Magnitsky case allegedly funneled to Spain by corrupt Russian officials .
Explaining the muddle surrounding Mr Browder 's brief detention , Spanish police told the Agence France Presse news agency that Interpol had not deleted their name from computer files .
However , Mr Browder indicated that Russia had issued a new arrest warrant against him .
“ Spanish national police just released me after Interpol general secretary in Lyon advised them not to honour the new Russian Interpol red notice , ” they tweeted on Wednesday . “ This is the sixth time that Russia has abused Interpol in my case . ”
Mr Browder , who was born in the US but is now a British citizen , left Spain on Wednesday for Britain . British foreign secretary Boris Johnson welcomed their release . “ Moscow should concentrate on bringing those responsible for the murder of Magnitsky to justice , ” they tweeted .
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - With a week left until school starts , bus drivers are making their final preparations for the upcoming school year .
Buses could be seen leaving , one by one , as they completed a dry run of their routes , Monday morning .
“ They are going to go search each stop to make sure they know where the kids are on the first day of school , ” said driver Greg Allen .
On a daily basis , there will be over 1,000 buses transporting 50,000 kids through Miami-Dade on nearly 900 routes .
“ Make sure that everything is clear , so on Monday , when school starts on the 21st , everything is going to go perfectly fine , ” said driver Alba Maza .
“ They can try to eliminate lateness and everything , other than the traffic that be backing them up or whatever , but this is so they can get out there and know where they 're going before the first day of school , ” Allen said .
And after a few laps around the county , these drivers are now looking forward to the real thing . “ I do n't have screaming kids . They 're loving kids , ” said driver Melinda Henderson .
The drivers all hope to be ready when school begins Monday , Aug. 21 .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Looks like PARTYNEXTDOOR is ending their week in handcuffs after the release of their latest ‘ Seven Days ' EP . The Canadian performer and their homeboy were charged with Seventh-Degree Criminal Possession of a Controlled Substance at the Lewiston-Queenston Bridge to Canada . According to reports , the OVO artist had a bunch Xanax and Oxycodone on their bus after it was stopped for a secondary inspection entering the U.S .
Looks like they were really trying to bring the Party next door .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
You may think you do n't have to worry about Europe 's new General Data Protection Regulation , which as of May 2018 will change everything about how event organizers collect , process , and protect European attendees ' personal data . But if you host events in Europe , or have European citizens or residents come to your meetings anywhere in the world , you do . And the cost of noncompliance is steep—we 're talking $ 20 million euros , or about $ 23 million U.S .
Do n't risk your organization 's financial well-being . Register for this half-hour webinar and learn :
• What GDPR is , why it 's happening , and why it matters to meeting planners throughout the world
• What planners will need to be able to demonstrate to stay in compliance
• What the impact of GDPR will be on events
Registration for the webinar also will score you access to resources for checklists , questions to ask tech vendors , and more .
Speaker
Kevin Iwamoto , Senior Consultant , Goldspring Consulting
Moderator
Sue Pelletier , Editor , MeetingsNet
Sponsors
Register Now !
Picosun Group , a leading provider of Atomic Layer Deposition ( ALD ) thin film coating technology for global industries , reports of significant repeat sales of PICOSUN™ P-300F production cluster tools to major US industry customers .
Semiconductor components manufactured on silicon and compound semiconductor wafers are crucial in several everyday consumer electronics products as well as in e.g . transport , aerospace , or industrial automation and power applications . Even if the majority of the most common IC components is produced on 300 mm silicon wafers , the sub-300-mm manufacturing is vital and increasingly important especially for the existing and emerging non-silicon-based devices . Wafer materials limited to max . 200 mm diameter such as SiC , GaN , AlN , sapphire , GaAs , LiNbO3 , and LiTaO3 offer various benefits over silicon and enable a generation of completely new , advanced and innovative end products .
Picosun 's core competence are cost-efficient , turn-key ALD production solutions for the fast growing More-than-Moore market . The PICOSUN™ P-300F tool is the flagship product for these customers . Specially designed to be run in cluster configuration under constant vacuum to enable fast and efficient high throughput manufacturing , the P-300F tools are connected together and operated in fully automatic mode with a central vacuum robot substrate handling and transfer system . The unique batch flipping mechanism in the P-300F tool is ideal for manufacturing lines where the most of the process steps take place in horizontal geometry . Cassette-to-cassette loading for up to 50 pcs batches of 200/150/100 mm wafers , SEMI S2/S8 certification , and SECS/GEM option for factory host integration make the P-300F the optimal choice for demanding manufacturing needs for e.g . moisture barriers , capacitors , and SAW/BAW filters .
“ We at Picosun are very happy of the success of our P-300F cluster tools . Our customers have obtained unparalleled process results in them , and this excellent performance has now resulted in repeat sales of these tools to our key industrial customers . The purity , uniformity , and barrier properties of the ALD films deposited in these systems fulfil the strictest requirements of today 's semiconductor industries , making the PICOSUN™ P-300F the tool of choice for the forerunners of semiconductor manufacturing , ” states Juhana Kostamo , Managing Director of Picosun .
The Elk Street McDonald 's is open and ready to serve you ! The Elk Street location is looking good and so are the two weeks of ...
Saturday
DIVISION ONE
Tyrone v Dublin
Omagh , 7.0
Last summer 's crushing performance by Dublin was a stark departure from the claustrophobic league encounters between these two . This is Jim Gavin 's first visit to Tyrone since 2014 . That 1-15 to 3-10 win set the tone for a series of riveting league cat-and-mouse affairs . The Ulster champions are on the back foot slightly after an underwhelming show against Galway . The All-Ireland champions can expect fire and fury and will look to lay an early marker with a road win .
Mayo v Kerry
Castlebar , 7.0
Build it and they will come . Not even the lure of a fireside Six Nations afternoon will halt the usual droves of Mayo fans who show up year in year out for these occasions . Last year 's championship encounter between the two was pure drama . Éamonn Fitzmaurice looks happy to test the theory that you ca n't win anything with kids , but the visitors may struggle for physique if Mayo roll out a few of their eternal boys of summer .
DIVISION TWO
Cavan v Louth
Breffni Park , 7.0
A late free by Bryan McGee dug the Cavan men out of a hole to salvage an important draw in Ennis against Clare . Tonight 's home match presents them with an important chance to gain momentum against a Louth team still adjusting to life in Division Two with new manager Pete McGrath .
Sunday
( 2.0 unless stated otherwise )
DIVISION ONE
Kildare v Monaghan
Newbridge
The Lilywhites looked a little naive against Dublin a week ago but will have learned a lot . Daniel Flynn was at the forefront of an athletic effort and , for 35 minutes , they matched Dublin . It is something to build on . Conor McManus 's return ca n't come quickly enough for Monaghan , but they do n't know how not to compete for everything going . Draw .
Donegal v Galway
Letterkenny , 2.30
A very useful opening-day win for Galway puts them in good stead for this intriguing match against Declan Bonner 's free-scoring Donegal team . Kevin Walsh has added Paddy Tally to their management squad to tighten the defensive bolts , and the front-of-house looks exciting . The newly returned Odhrán MacNiallais caught the eye in Kerry but Leo McLoone , hugely influential in the Jim McGuinness era , is also back in the heart of defence . Unpredictable game but Donegal need to reverse a shocking record at this ground .
Down 's Connaire Harrison . Photograph : Ryan Byrne/Inpho
DIVISION TWO
Down v Cork
Páirc Eisler , 1.30
This is not an ideal assignment for Ronan McCarthy 's Cork team straight after their disappointing opening outing against Tipperary . With Cork hotly tipped to shoot up to division one , this match suddenly becomes a must-win . The loss of Seán Powter , their find of last year , for the rest of the league , is a bad blow for player and county . Ryan Johnson is expected to feature for Down . Closing down Connaire Harrison is a must for Cork but this looks a tough assignment .
Tipperary v Roscommon
Semple Stadium
Tipp 's 3-8 second-half blitz on Cork last weekend was a notice of intent and intensifies the jostling for places . Liam Kearns has done exceptional work with this group . Roscommon needed a late penalty to earn a home draw a week ago and need to display their promotion credentials here . Conor Devaney and Diarmuid Murtagh will be available to the visitors despite concern over injuries .
Meath v Clare
Páirc Tailteann
An almost-magical start for Andy McEntee 's team reverts to the basic requirement of a home win here . Meath registered 1-5 from the bench , including a goal by Eamonn Wallace in almost toppling Roscommon . Clare will feel they blew a promising position last week and will be nobody 's pushover , but Meath have to win this if they want to make a promotion push .
DIVISION THREE
Fermanagh v Offaly
Brewster Park
A terrific league start for Rory Gallagher 's Fermanagh leaves them heavy favourites to establish themselves as the pace-setters here . Stephen Wallace makes four changes to the team heavily beaten last weekend , including a debut for former League of Ireland goalkeeper Paddy Dunican .
Sligo v Wexford
Markievicz Park
Two teams very hungry for a win . Tough for Wexford footballers as they operate in the midst of the hurling revolution and could struggle here against Cathal Corey 's young team .
Longford v Derry
Pearse Park
Benny Heron , Carlos McWilliams and Terence O'Brien return to deepen a Derry side seeking to get their season off the ground . They face a tough task against a Monaghan team who have started brightly .
Westmeath v Armagh
Cusack Park , 2.30
Respective managers Colin Kelly and Kieran McGeeney have emphasised that they wo n't be getting away by opening day wins . Privately , both will target this one . Armagh to edge it .
By Robyn Collins
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Levi 's trucker jacket , the brand asked pop superstar Justin Timberlake to help give the staple a redesign . They shared a couple of photos of the new piece via Instagram .
Related : Justin Timberlake Models 1950s Swimsuit in ‘ Wonder Wheel ' Trailer
Timberlake posted , “ For the 50th bday of the trucker jacket , @ Levis asked me to redesign one . I did and ever since , it 's been my favorite drinking buddy . 🍻👌🏻 # Denim # Flannel # LiveInLevis . ”
The jacket features a Hank Williams patch that says , “ Why do n't you mind your own business . ”
Timberlake has some experience as a clothing designer , having launched the William Rast brand with Trace Ayala in 2005 .
Check out the Timberlake-redesigned Levis trucker jacket below :
The legislation , to take effect Jan. 1 , increases the maximum number of allowed patient beds
Senate Bill 177 , authored by state Sen. Tony Strickland , R-Simi Valley , has been signed into law by Gov . Jerry Brown .
Santa Barbara County has only one licensed hospice facility and the waiting list for the facility averages eight to 12 patients , as there is no other inpatient facility in Santa Barbara County and only a small facility in neighboring Ventura County .
SB 177 would increase the maximum number of patient beds allowed in Santa Barbara County .
“ I 'm pleased the governor supports this bipartisan solution to an important health-care need in my district , ” Sen. Strickland said . “ This bill is essential to address the growing need for hospice care in our community .
“ Access to health care is vital , and I 'm happy the Legislature and the governor recognize the importance and need for expanding access to hospice care on the Central Coast . ”
SB 177 will take effect Jan. 1 .
— Sarah Walsh for state Sen. Tony Strickland , R-Simi Valley .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
AURORA , Colo. ( AP ) — Police in the Denver suburb of Aurora are searching for a 6-year-old boy who is believed to have wandered away from their home on New Year 's Eve .
The FBI and other law enforcement agencies were helping search for David Puckett on Monday by going door-to-door within 2.5 miles of their home . Bloodhounds are also searching for him .
Police say foul play is n't suspected , but they 've asked for help to find David as quickly as possible partly because of coming cold weather .
Their mother says they were only wearing a light jacket . On Sunday night , they issued a tearful appeal for people to help find him .
Previous searches aided by a bloodhound and a helicopter did n't turn up any clues .
Police say David has wandered off before .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
For sale : one moat desirable des res , no chain mail .
An Englishman 's home is their castle .
And one estate agent is offering joust that – a castle , complete with its own moat .
With ramparts and portcullis , it 's ideal for keeping those unexpected visitors away .
Caverswall Castle , close to the Staffordshire Moorlands , is on sale for a cool £5 million .
That 's a lot of lolly , squire .
And hardly ideal for mere surfs like you and me .
Sutton Coldfield estate agents Paul Carr suggest the Grade I listed building , which comes with 20 acres of land , would make a perfect hotel .
( Image : Handout )
The publicity blurb states : “ Stunning historic Grade I listed moated castle set in 20 acres in Staffordshire .
“ An outstanding 18-bedroom country home , or with tremendous potential for commercial use as a fine hotel , wedding venue , wellbeing retreat etc .
“ Planning permission granted for full C1 hotel use . ”
Just be warned . Viewing the property could take some time .
In truth , Caverswall is something of a faux castle . It was built in the 17th century , although it sits on the site of a 13th century castle .
The walls of that original fortress are still present – and the Doomsday Book records a manor house on the grounds .
The history is rich . During the English Civil War , the original castle was garrisoned by Parliamentary forces .
But it was showing signs of decay by the end of the 16th century .
( Image : Handout )
The building was bought in 1615 by Stafford mayor and MP Matthew Craddock , who set about building the current mansion , which has three storeys , parapet and entrance porch .
Since then Caverdale 's CV has been varied .
In 1811 , it was used as a nunnery by a Benedictine order . But be warned : this is not a sale to undertake on a mere wimple .
In the 1880s , it was rented by the Wedgwood family and in 1933 the Sisters of the Holy Ghost used the castle as a convent .
The Daughters of the House of Mary used it for the same purpose in 1965 .
( Image : Handout )
When they left in 1977 , the castle was put on the market .
It was bought by property tycoon Robin MacDonald in 2006 for £1.7 million . Sotheby 's offered it for sale three years ago for £3 million .
Now , it could be yours . Just remember – there 's no rampart exchange .
The mobile-first bank N26 in Berlin has raised $ 160 million in preparation for its launch of a challenger bank in the United States .
Allianz X , the digital investment unit of Allianz Group , and Tencent Holdings , the investment conglomerate that owns WeChat , co-led the Series C funding round .
All told , N26 has raised $ 215 million . Previous investors have included Peter Thiel 's Valar Ventures , Earlybird Venture Capital and Li Ka-Shing 's Horizons Ventures .
Want to partner with us ? N26 seeks `` a trusted brand name ; we want our deposits to be FDIC-insured , and we 're looking for a partner that has a similarly innovative mindset to us , ” CEO Nicolas Kopp says in discussing the German company 's quest for a partnership with a bank in the United States .
Part of the $ 160 million will be used on product development for the existing offering in Europe , according to U.S. CEO Nicolas Kopp . The rest — and they would not say how much this is — will be used for international expansion , most immediately into the U.K. and U.S. markets .
N26 started out with the notion of creating a prepaid card for teenagers and their parents . It realized the features its developers were building , like real-time spending notifications , could be used by anyone .
It officially launched in Europe in January 2015 and now operates in 17 countries . It has acquired more than 850,000 customers ; its goal is to reach more than 5 million customers by the end of 2020 .
It is building its U.S. operation from a New York City base where it has “ somewhere under 10 ” employees .
“ We 're in a hiring ramp-up — we need the best people to bring the product to market here in the U.S. , ” Kopp said . The company is looking for people in marketing , engineering , product development and operations .
N26 has also been searching for a U.S. banking partner .
“ We 're looking for a trusted financial institution that 's large enough to absorb a high volume of customers , ” Kopp said . “ We 're also looking for a trusted brand name ; we want our deposits to be FDIC-insured , and we 're looking for a partner that has a similarly innovative mindset to us . ”
The plan is to announce the U.S. company in the second half of 2018 .
Kopp intends to bring the German bank 's focus on transparency and simplicity to the U.S . He 's also going to introduce savings features in N26 products because research has found that Americans are terrible at saving ; Europeans are five times better at it .
N26 is also going to offer real-time services , Kopp said .
“ A lot of banking today still does n't happen fully real time , ” they said . “ Millennials and Gen Z appreciate fully real-time products — we 're used to on the spot , on the go all the time , and that 's something N26 focuses on as a mobile company and something that here in the U.S. we 'll preach and make sure our product reflects . ”
N26 also plans to build an array of financial services that can be accessed by mobile phone , including lending products . In Europe , N26 partners with TransferWise for foreign exchange , Raisin for savings , Clark and Allianz for insurance , and auxmoney for credit . It also wants to use artificial intelligence to recommend products to customers that are beneficial to them , based on their life situation .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police are investigating after a teenage motorcyclist was seriously injured in a crash .
A 17-year-old biker was travelling on Kitts Green Road , near the Alcoa aluminium factory , Lea Village , around 3.30pm on Wednesday , when they collided with a van .
The teenager was taken to the Queen Elizabeth hospital with significant leg injuries and is said to be in a stable condition .
The driver of the van stopped at the scene and is assisting officers with their investigations .
Police are appealing for anyone who saw the incident to contact them .
PC Karl Davies , from the Collision Investigation Unit , said : “ This investigation is in its early stages and we are trying to establish exactly what happened
“ I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the collision and has n't yet spoken to police to make contact . ”
The Warwickshire and Northampton Air Ambulance was scrambled and sent to the scene .
Kitts Green Road was closed in both directions while police carried out their investigations . An eyewitness reported seeing a caravan in the road .
A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesperson said : “ We were called to at 3.27pm to Kitts Green Road , in Lea Village , to reports of a collision between a motorcyclist and a van .
“ The motorcyclist is a teenage male .
“ He was treated for a serious leg injury and a suspected pelvic injury .
“ He was fully conscious and given trauma care and pain relief , immobilised and taken to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital by land ambulance . ”
Anyone with information please call police on 101 quoting log 1441 from 04/10/2017 or email FL_COLLISION_INVEST @ west-midlands.pnn.police.uk
Alternatively people can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
The Russ Parr Morning Show
Your browser does not support iframes .
Mefufu is trying out another round of jokes on the morning show crew ! Click on the audio player to hear more on this on The Russ Parr Morning Show .
Follow @ RussParrShow
Keep Up With The Russ Parr Morning Show … LIKE Him On Facebook !
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
An online crowdsourcing campaign is underway to identify demonstrators who attended white nationalist rallies in Charlottesville , Virginia , over the weekend .
The campaign , led by a Twitter account , @ YesYoureRacist , asks people on social media to identify white nationalists who appear in news photos of `` Unite the Right '' rallies . It 's been credited with outing a University of Nevada student , who acknowledges attending a rally in Charlottesville Friday night but maintains they are not a racist .
`` I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was . I understand the photo has a very negative connotation , '' Peter Cvjetanovic told CNN affiliate KTVN . `` But I hope that the people sharing the photo are willing to listen that I 'm not the angry racist they see in that photo . ''
The @ YesYoureRacist account began tweeting pictures of demonstrators on Saturday , asking , `` If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in # Charlottesville , send me their names/profiles and I 'll make them famous . ''
Social media users have been identifying demonstrators and tweeting their names to the account . @ YesYoureRacist then tries to corroborate the names with pictures from demonstrators ' social media accounts .
Logan Smith , who runs the @ YesYoureRacist account , told CNN he 's been overwhelmed by the response and the number of people willing to help . The account 's Twitter following swelled from 65,000 followers before the weekend to more than 300,000 followers by Monday afternoon .
Smith , who works for Progress North Carolina , a left-leaning nonprofit , says they run the account in their spare time and first set it up in 2012 .
`` It originated as basically almost kind of comedy account where I would search for people tweeting the phrase , `` I 'm not racist but , '' and then would go on to say something completely racist , '' they told CNN on Monday .
`` As the years have gone on the mission has kind of evolved somewhat , '' added Smith , whose employer is not affiliated with the Twitter account . `` I think the situation with race in America has deteriorated , especially with the election of Donald Trump . ''
Nevada student in spotlight
One of those identified in Charlottesville as a result of Smith 's efforts was Cvjetanovic , 20 , a student at the University of Nevada in Reno .
In an interview with CNN affiliate KTVN , Cvjetanovic acknowledged they attended the rally to protest the city 's planned removal of a statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee .
`` I came to this march for the message that white European culture has a right to be here just like every other culture , '' Cvjetanovic said . `` It is not perfect . There are flaws to it , of course . However I do believe that the replacement of the statue will be the slow replacement of white heritage within the United States and the people who fought and defended and built their homeland . Robert E Lee is a great example of that . They are n't a perfect man , but I want to honor and respect what they stood for during their time . ''
In a statement , the University of Nevada acknowledged that one of its students had been identified as one of the `` Unite the Right '' marchers , although the school did n't name the student .
`` Racism and white supremacist movements have a corrosive effect on our society . These movements do not represent our values as a university , '' the university 's president Marc A. Johnson said in the statement .
Cvjetanovic told KRNV , another CNN affiliate , that they had received multiple death threats since being identified online . They condemned the man who drove a car into a crowd of counterprotesters in Charlottesville Saturday , killing a woman .
`` It was a huge tragedy , '' they told KRNV upon returning to Reno from Virginia . I did n't go to see anyone hurt , and especially anyone killed . ''
Cvjetanovic maintained that people like themselves just want to preserve their culture and bear no ill will towards minority groups .
A photo appearing to show Cvjetanovic posing in a small group of people with US Sen. Dean Heller , a Republican from Nevada , also is being shared widely online . Heller responded to the undated photo Saturday on Twitter , saying , `` I do n't know this person & condemn the outrageous racism , hatred and violence . It 's unacceptable & shameful . No room for it in this country . ''
'These are your neighbors '
Publishing another person 's private information , such as a Social Security number or home address , is a violation of Twitter 's rules . But the rules do not appear to apply to individuals ' names , according to the social media platform 's policy page .
In their interview with CNN Smith defended their efforts to identify the Charlottesville demonstrators .
`` I started seeing all of these photos from the torch march on Friday night and then the tragic events of Saturday . What struck me most was that these people are n't afraid anymore . They are not hiding behind their hoods , '' they said .
`` If they are that proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with KKK members and neo-Nazis , I think they should be out there in the open and have their names known . These are not just random faces in an angry crowd . These are your neighbors , your co-workers , maybe even your friends . ''
Smith said they were sorry to hear that Cvjetanovic has received death threats and added that they and their family were also the target of death threats over the weekend .
One of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov Eric Greitens will be dismissed now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation , St. Louis ' top prosecutor said Wednesday .
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner said their office decided to dismiss a charge of computer data tampering against the governor , who was once a fast-rising star in the Republican Party . A day earlier , Greitens announced that they would step down from office effective Friday , citing `` legal harassment . ''
`` I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens , but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state , '' Gardner said .
The charge , filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general 's office , accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded , The Mission Continues , for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Responding to Grietens ' past statements calling the prosecution `` a witch hunt '' that inflicted pain on their family , Gardener said the governor had brought the charges upon themselves `` by their actions , their statements , their decisions , their ambition and their pursuit for power . ''
Many of Greitens ' former colleagues and friends `` cooperated with our prosecution , not because they were threatened or harassed , but because it was the right thing to do , '' they said .
Had the governor been convicted , they said , it was unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison , given the type of charge they faced and the fact that they would be a first-time offender .
The governor also was indicted on invasion-of-privacy charges in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015 , before they were elected . The charge was dropped earlier this month , but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it .
The special prosecutor , Jean Peters Baker , said Tuesday that no deals have been made by their office with Greitens ' attorneys .
Defense attorney Jim Martin said they expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon , but they would not elaborate .
`` I think what folks need to know is it 's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal , '' Martin said .
Greitens , a former Navy SEAL officer , suggested less than two weeks ago that they would never quit fighting the allegations , even as the Legislature considered impeachment . Then they announced that they would quit .
`` The time has come , though , to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most , '' said Greitens , their voice cracking while their team members struggled to hold back tears . `` So for the moment , let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high . ''
Greitens ' departure becomes official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old , self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president .
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation , Greitens ' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season that will include intense efforts to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill .
Greitens ' resignation also allows them to avoid the distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached . A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline .
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov . Mike Parson — a former state lawmaker and sheriff — is to serve the remainder of Greitens ' term , which runs until January 2021 .
Greitens could face other investigations . The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman 's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor .
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list .
On May 17 , Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that they would n't give up .
`` No matter what they throw at me , no matter how painful they try to make it , no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through ... we are going to step forward day after day , and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri , '' Greitens said then .
On Tuesday , Greitens remained defiant even while resigning .
`` I am not perfect . But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment , '' they said . `` I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history . ''
Greitens , a married father of two young sons , is a Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy . After being wounded in Iraq , they founded a veterans ' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker .
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016 , winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor 's mansion for the first time in eight years .
Greitens had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature as they pushed their agenda , once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as `` career politicians . ''
Their support in the Capitol began to unravel after the night of Jan. 10 , when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman 's ex-husband . In that , the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands , blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter . Greitens denied threatening blackmail , but has n't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo .
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy related to the alleged photo . That prompted the Missouri House to form a special investigatory committee .
In April , the legislative panel released a report containing graphic testimony in which the woman said Greitens had restrained , slapped , shoved and belittled them during a series of sexual encounters that at times left them crying and afraid . Greitens denied any violence and said the allegations amounted to a `` political witch hunt . '' They vowed to stay in office .
But Greitens ' troubles deepened in the ensuing weeks when Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley — who is running for McCaskill 's seat — referred evidence to the St. Louis prosecutor leading to the felony charge alleging misuse of the charity donor list .
___
Salter reported from St. Louis . Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City , John Hanna in Topeka , Kansas , Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report .
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/DavidALieb .
Former President , Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party , PDP 's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections . They said Buhari and their APC party can not beat PDP . The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London . General Overseer o ...
NATIONALS 2 , ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE ( AP ) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory , Bryce Harper hit their 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep .
Scherzer ( 9-1 ) struck out 12 , walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters . Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth , but notched their 13th save .
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road , the team 's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005 .
Baltimore rookie David Hess ( 2-2 ) gave up one run and four hits over six innings .
PIRATES 2 , CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh , and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals .
Musgrove ( 2-0 ) helped stop the Pirates ' four-game losing streak , permitting one run and seven hits . They also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning .
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections .
The Cubs had won three in a row . Chicago 's Kyle Hendricks ( 4-4 ) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings .
INDIANS 9 , WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win .
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings , Kluber ( 8-2 ) had little trouble with baseball 's worst team . The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10 .
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez ( 1-4 ) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland , which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum . The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak .
BREWERS 3 , CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in their return from Tommy John surgery , but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee 's two-run seventh
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29 , 2016 , Reyes allowed three hits , struck out two and walked two .
With two out and runners on first and second , Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala ( 1-1 ) .
Jeremy Jeffress ( 5-0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh . Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save .
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers , and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run .
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis , and Dexter Fowler had three singles .
RED SOX 6 , BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON ( AP ) — J.D . Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster , and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep .
Martinez tied for the major league lead with their 18th homer , snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth .
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston , which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17 .
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost 13 of 17 . Sam Gaviglio ( 2-1 ) gave up four runs in six innings .
Eduardo Rodriguez ( 6-1 ) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston , and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for their 18th save .
METS 4 , BRAVES 1
ATLANTA ( AP ) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs , leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory .
Jason Vargas ( 2-3 ) pitched five scoreless innings for New York , which had lost seven of nine . Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for their second save .
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East , one-half game behind Washington . The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday .
Braves starter Julio Teheran ( 4-3 ) pitched seven innings of two-run ball .
ROYALS 11 , TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered , powering Kansas City to the win .
Moustakas drove in four runs . Soler had four hits for the Royals , who led 9-0 after two innings .
Kevin McCarthy ( 4-2 ) , the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers , retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory . Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for their 12th save .
Twins rookie Fernando Romero ( 3-2 ) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings .
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs .
GIANTS 7 , ROCKIES 4
DENVER ( AP ) — Brandon Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles , Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally , and the Giants avoided being swept .
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI . He 's hitting .412 this month , raising their season average from .189 to .307 .
The Giants snapped a three-game skid . Derek Holland ( 3-6 ) pitched five innings for the win , and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for their 11th save .
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado . Harrison Musgrave ( 0-1 ) got the loss .
REDS 7 , DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX ( AP ) — Adam Duvall 's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit , and Cincinnati rallied for the victory .
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth , helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set . Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits .
Both of Cincinnati 's homers came off Patrick Corbin ( 5-2 ) , who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings .
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks , who have dropped 16 of 20 overall .
Sal Romano ( 3-6 ) pitched five innings in their first win since May 4 , and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for their ninth save .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
MONTREAL - Roberto Luongo stopped 28 shots for their third shutout of the season and 76th of their career , leading the Florida Panthers to a 2-0 victory over the Montreal Canadiens on Monday night .
Aaron Ekblad and Aleksander Barkov scored to help the Panthers inch closer to a playoff position , pulling three points behind idle new Jersey for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference . Florida has two games in hand on the Devils .
Antti Niemi finished with 38 saves for Montreal , which was shut out for the second straight game and 12th time this season -- including three against the Panthers . The Canadiens were coming off a 4-0 loss at Toronto on Saturday .
The opening 10 minutes saw two fights , one of which had Ekblad sparring with Nicolas Deslauriers . It may have fired up the big defenseman because they stole a puck from Michael McCarron , deked past defenseman Jeff Petry and beat Niemi with a move to the backhand for an unassisted goal with 1:29 left in the opening period .
Jacob De La Rose thought they had tied it for Montreal 17 seconds later , but a video review showed Alex Galchenyuk was offside by a toenail and it was waived off .
Barkov got their 26th of the season at 6:23 of the third when their shot from the left side went in off Montreal forward Logan Shaw .
Star goalie Carey Price returned to the Montreal lineup after concussion suffered Feb. 20 . They backed up Niemi .
UP NEXT :
Panthers : At Ottawa on Tuesday night as they continue a stretch of seven of eight on the road .
Canadiens : At Pittsburgh on Wednesday night
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI GARDENS ( CBSMiami/AP ) — This year for the Miami Open , their theme could very well be ‘ out with the old , in with the new . ”
As the tennis tournament is just about to begin its last year of play on Key Biscayne , a ceremonial groundbreaking was held Monday at its future site on the grounds of the Hard Rock Stadium .
Eight-time champion Serena Williams and Dolphins owner Stephen Ross were among those putting shovels in the ground to help convert the complex for tennis .
The tournament has been held since 1987 on Key Biscayne , but an appeals court decision prevented upgrades to the complex there , and the Miami Open will move to the stadium next year .
Ross spent $ 500 million on recent stadium renovations , including a canopy , and now the backhoes and front-end loaders have returned . While the ceremonial groundbreaking was Monday , work began weeks ago to construct outer courts and a spectator plaza in the parking lot adjacent to the stadium .
When it 's all done , the Miami Open will have 30 show and practice courts ; a tennis oasis with a large video screen ; a sponsorship village with expanded and upgraded entertainment spaces ; permanent retail facilities ; improved Wi-Fi , media facilities , locker rooms and fitness space for players and tennis staff .
The centerpiece of it all will be a new Center Court with a 14,000-seat stadium within the Hard Rock Stadium .
Organizers say the move would mean thousands of more parking spaces . They would also have nine more on-site courts and about 7 , 400 more on-site seating . As for stadium seating , they say it stays about the same with a 13,800 capacity .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Andy Green Manager of the San Diego Padres poses for a portrait at the Peoria Sports Complex on February 19 , 2017 in Peoria Arizona .
The San Diego Padres hired Andy Green to be the manager of their rebuild before the 2016 season and , despite a 119-159 record , the club thinks they found the right man .
San Diego gave Green a three-year contract extension that will keep the skipper in place through the 2021 season .
One of the biggest jobs for Green was not so much winning ball games ( although they maintain they manage to win every night ) as it was developing young players into legitimate big leaguers .
Performances from guys like 22-year-old Manuel Margot and 21-year-old Allen Córdoba , a Rule 5 draftee , have convinced the Padres brass that Green has the franchise on the right track .
“ Throughout the past two seasons , Andy has consistently proven to us their leadership abilities and strong character , ” said General Manager A.J . Preller . “ Andy 's knowledge of the game and passion for their players has earned them respect in the clubhouse and throughout the organization . As we continue to build a system that produces winning baseball from top to bottom , I am confident that Andy provides the leadership and stability needed to deliver a championship to San Diego . ”
The ownership group footing the bill for the risky reconstruction also sees Green as an asset .
“ We remain committed to our plan to build a championship team with homegrown talent , and we are confident in the direction we are moving as an organization , ” said Padres Executive Chairman Ron Fowler and Managing Partner Peter Seidler . “ Andy is invested in the development of our players at all levels , both as athletes and as people . Their managerial style is characterized by intelligence , preparation and integrity , and they have continually proven themselves to be the right person to lead this young team . ”
Green just turned 40 a month ago and seemed to have the ability to connect with the younger roster the Friars have committed to .
“ I 'm both excited and motivated by the opportunity to continue to lead our players as we build a championship-caliber club for the fans of San Diego , ” said Green . “ I 'm appreciative for the expression of faith this extension represents . I 'm confident we 're in the process of building something very special for our fans , and I 'm thrilled to continue that work with our players , coaches and everyone else who works relentlessly to make the Padres great . ''
The majority of successful franchises have a GM and a Manager/Head Coach who are on the same page and the Padres believe they have found that dynamic in their duo .
`` He makes me better . They challenge me and hopefully I challenge him , '' said Preller . `` We 're not trying to sugarcoat things . I respect him , I think he 's a good baseball person . I really enjoy ( our relationship ) , honestly . ''
As for the timing of the deal -- in the middle of August -- Preller said the organization has been discussing the idea for months because they did not want to let Green enter the final year of their deal , which would have been 2018 , without extending him . It is a symbol and message of stability to the franchise , the fans and the baseball world that they are staying the course on their commitment to developing young players .
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around . Watch them go .
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
2:09 Watch Zac Efron in the teaser trailer for 'Baywatch '
0:50 Fresno man says they were fired for medical marijuana use
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:41 Fresno Chaffee Zoo 's ridiculously adorable lion cub is now 5 weeks old
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
BMW workers at Hams Hall are ploughing ahead with plans to hold up to five days of strike action .
Members of the Unite trade union will begin the first 24-hour walkout at 6am tomorrow at the Coleshill plant in a ongoing dispute with management over the company 's final-salary pension scheme .
Unite said it was the first time strike action had been held by BMW 's UK workforce and comes as the manufacturer intends to close its final-salary pension scheme to future benefits by the end of May .
It is believed it could see some workers lose up to £160,000 in retirement income .
There are eight separate 24-hour strikes planned across four plants with Hams Hall workers also due to walk out on May 3 , 16 , 18 and 24 .
This will be coupled with a work-to-rule policy and a ban on overtime .
Hams Hall plant is used to manufacture small , low-emission and efficient engines and also three major engine components .
The other sites affected by the strike action are in Swindon , Cowley in Oxfordshire and the Rolls-Royce plant in Goodwood , West Sussex .
The union has around 900 members working at Hams Hall with 640 in BWM 's affected pension scheme while around 3,500 staff are expected to take part in the industrial action across the four sites .
Unite general secretary Len McCluskey said : `` BMW 's refusal to discuss affordable options to keep the pension scheme open means that , for the first time , its UK workforce will be taking strike action .
`` It is very much the last resort for a world-class workforce that takes great pride in making the iconic Mini and world renowned Rolls-Royce motor cars and one which could have been avoided if BMW 's bosses had been willing to negotiate meaningfully with Unite .
`` Instead , BMW has paid lip service to the concerns of a workforce whose hard work and efficiency has helped the German carmaker achieve record sales amid surging profits and sought to pinch their pensions .
`` Bosses should be under no illusion of the determination of Unite members to defend their pensions . They are in this for the long haul . ''
BMW said in a statement : `` We regret the decision by Unite to stage industrial action and are hopeful the union 's representatives will return to the negotiating table .
`` We have been in meaningful discussions with Unite since September and have put forward a number of options to help staff transition to the proposed new pension scheme arrangements .
`` Like many businesses , we know the costs and risks associated with defined benefit pension schemes makes them unsustainable and unaffordable in the long term .
`` The reason we are proposing changes now is so we can protect existing and future pensions for all our staff and ensure the long-term competitiveness of our UK manufacturing operations .
`` Our door remains firmly open to further talks with Unite to find a resolution that is mutually acceptable to both sides . ''
The Bombay High Court asked the Maharashtra government to decide by September 6 whether the toll collection on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway should continue .
A division bench of Justices A S Oka and Riyaz Chagla was hearing public interest litigations ( PILs ) filed by four activists , seeking that the right of the contractor Mhaiskar Infrastructure to collect toll on the expressway be revoked .
The contractor firm has recovered the cost of the expressway construction project as per its agreement with the government and yet continues to collect toll , making “ wrongful gains ” , the PILs said .
The court also asked the government to look into any violation of terms of agreement in the toll collection process .
“ The state government will have to apply its mind as it also has to keep the larger public interest in mind . The issue concerns public funds and hence it is the government 's obligation to ascertain if there were any breaches or violations ( of agreement ) , ” Justice Oka said .
The government shall take a decision by September 6 as to whether the toll collection should stop entirely , or whether only light motor vehicles should be exempted , and whether there was any violation of the agreement , the court said .
The government shall take the decision after the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation ( MSRDC ) submits a report on these issues , and also take into consideration recommendations of a state-appointed committee , it said .
The bench also noted that the Anti-Corruption Bureau ( ACB ) , which had initiated an inquiry into the petitioners ' allegations in July last year , closed it as no case was made out .
The next hearing will be on September 7 .
According to the PILs , the contractor has already recovered the Rs 2,869 crore it was entitled to and is now making “ wrongful gains ” by continuing to collect the toll .
In March last year , the petitioners had complained to the ACB , seeking action against government officials for failing to revoke the contractor 's right to collect the toll even after the company had recovered the stipulated toll income .
When the ACB did not take any action , they moved the high court .
Miami 's Most Iconic BarsGoing out to a bar is a very popular outing for adults on the weekends . But most bars just play music and offer drinks . For those looking for a little change , try visiting an iconic bar . Antique architecture , buildings , legends from decades in the past , and gorgeous , calming views are just some of the things that go into making a bar an iconic landmark .
The Lagos State Government has concluded plans to host the Rasheed Gbadamosi – Eko Art Expo from Friday , 27 to Sunday 29 , January 2017 at the Eko Hotel and Suites , Victoria Island , Lagos in fulfillment of the promise by the State Governor , Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode to host an art exhibition in honour of the former Minister of National Planning , late Chief Rasheed Gbadamosi .
In a statement signed by the Commissioner of Information and Strategy , Mr. Steve Ayorinde on Monday , the three-day event , expected to mark the beginning of the “ Lagos @ 50 ” celebrations next year , will showcase the works of students from tertiary institutions in Nigeria as well as other budding artists .
“ This exhibition will focus on the Visual arts specifically ; the traditional fine arts such as drawing , painting , photography , sculpture ; architectural , environmental , and industrial arts such as urban , interior , product , and landscape designs . Other works of art such as ceramics , works in wood , paper , metal and other materials will also be featured at the expo , ” the Commissioner said .
Ayorinde added that the project would encourage the ingenious creativity of visual art students across tertiary institutions as well as budding artists thereby boosting the curation of contemporary and home grown artworks .
“ Our vision is to position visual arts as a major contributor to the socio-economic development in Lagos State , especially in the area of Tourism ” they said .
The statement added that intending participants and prospective exhibitors should log on to www.ekoartexpo.org and register , create their personal profile and upload pictures of artworks proposed for the exhibition .
Each applicant , according to the statement , can send multiple entries of not more than three different artworks for screening .
“ The deadline for submission of entry is January 15 , 2017 as the registration portal will be closed by midnight same date . An independent screening committee is charged with the three-stage shortlisting process . Entries that make it through the final stage of screening would be showcased in the exhibition proper which will be formally declared open by Governor Ambode ” , the statement added .
The post Lagos Set To Host Rasheed Gbadamosi Eko Art Expo appeared first on Lagos Television .
How to take full advantage and benefit from the last part of Ramadan ? Though all parts of Ramadan are full of…
Fatihu Beita No comments
When Summer starts so do all the teacher discounts .
Alamo Draft House is offering free movies every Wednesday in the month of June to teachers who bring they 're ID from any school or university . You can see any movie , any time during the day . Offer is valid in person at our box office and only at Alamo Drafthouse Cedars and Richardson . Only thing you got ta pay for is your popcorn and candy . Better hurry while the offer still lasts .
CASPER — According to a press release by the Wyoming Oil and Gas Conservation Commission ( WOGCC ) , the organization continues to receive an unprecedented number of Applications for Permit to Drill ( APD ) .
The monthly average for APDs received for 2017 was 1,050 , which is an increase of 83 % compared to the average for 2015 .
The volume has prompted the WOGCC to implement some new processes . The WOGCC staff can no longer efficiently process this volume of APDs and are implementing a system to prioritize the approval process .
Advertisement - Story continues below ...
The staff will perform a basic completeness check prior to assigning the API number for all APDs received and APDs to be processed for final approval will be based on an operator-submitted rig schedule every six months .
Per Chapter 3 , Section 8 ( h ) , the date an API is assigned is the date of issuance . Further , the permit to drill ( approved or unapproved ) will expire two years following the issuance date effective for all apd 's received on June 1 , 2017 or later .
Also note that the rig schedule submitted by operators will be considered confidential information .
By Leilani Haywood
Tribune Reporter
The Lee 's Summit Health Education Advisory Board ( HEAB ) has forwarded a proposed ordinance regulating marijuana for City Council consideration . The subcommittee on marijuana drafted the ordinance after Mayor Pro Tem Rob Binney assigned issue in November 2016 of responding to the possibility of legalization of marijuana by the State of Missouri . The Missouri Marijuana Legalization Initiative may appear on the November 6 , 2018 state ballot .
The initiative which requires 170,000 valid signatures , would remove marijuana from the list of state 's controlled substances , legalize marijuana for personal and medical use , allow for the sale of marijuana as well as immediately release all prisoners incarcerated for nonviolent marijuana-related crimes . Two versions of the initiative have been filed with the Missouri Secretary of State . Each initiative has an estimated savings of $ 11 million but law enforcement costs could increase .
The proposed ordinance addresses the fact that City Council passed a resolution on June 16 , 2016 in support of Lee 's Summit CARES mission of reducing marijuana-related problems . The City had also entered into cooperative agreements with the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) and Jackson County COMBAT Drug Commission to address the use and abuse of controlled substances in the interests of public health and safety of the citizens of Lee 's Summit .
Dr. Stephen Salanski , chairperson of the HEAB said based on extensive research the committee conducted on states that have legalized marijuana such as Colorado , the data has shown an increase in traffic fatalities , emergency room visits and hospitalizations . “ In Colorado , the number of traffic fatalities more than doubled after the legalization of marijuana , ” they said .
Dr. Ed Kraemer is also a chairperson of the HEAB and they added that what drove the formation of the ordinance was the concern with marijuana use among youth . “ I want to make it clear that the ordinance does n't address possession of marijuana , ” they say . “ That falls under state and federal laws . We just wanted to make clear the level of commercial activity we would allow and how we would regulate the commercial aspect . ”
Lee 's Summit CARES was a key part of drafting the ordinance . “ Lee 's Summit CARES supports efforts to reduce youth access to alcohol , tobacco , marijuana and other drugs in our community , ” Rachel Segobia , director said in a statement . “ Research shows increased access to these substances increases youth use . We would support efforts to prohibit the commercial sale of marijuana as a strategy to prevent greater youth access to marijuana in our community . ”
The proposed ordinance also states , “ The legalization of marijuana poses a threat to public health and safety in our community , including impaired driving , traffic accidents , and accidental ingestion of marijuana products by children ; and , legalization and normalization of marijuana use for adults tends to result in increased marijuana use among young people as well ; and , young people who use marijuana regularly are particularly susceptible to its negative effects , including psychological and psychiatric effects , addiction , reduced motivation , and reduced school performance . ”
Several hemp shops are located in Lee 's Summit . Vince Sanders , owner of CBD American Shaman on Blue Parkway says the proposed ordinance would n't affect their business . “ Missouri has a law that CBD ( Cannabidiol ) ca n't be over five percent by weight . Our products are at 1 % or 1/30th . We 're fine under federal law and it should n't affect us. ” American Shaman categorizes itself as a health and beauty store with products containing industrial hemp .
Kansas City voters approved lowering penalties for possession of marijuana to $ 25 with no jail time in last April 's elections . The new law lowered the fine from $ 500 to $ 25 and eliminated jail time . Up to 180 days in jail was possible under the old ordinance . The new ordinance only applies when defendants possess 35 grams or fewer of marijuana – about 1 ¼ ounce – in Kansas City Municipal Court cases , according to The Kansas City Star .
The vote came on the heels of a massive campaign led by the Kansas City chapter of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws or NORMLKC . “ I 've collected thousands of signatures around the KC area including people in Lee 's Summit , ” says Jen Shockley , volunteer coordinator for Lee 's Summit NORMLKC . “ This ( proposed ordinance ) is definitely going against what the people of Lee 's Summit are saying . An extremely high percentage of them are signing the petition and it 's very unfortunate that city council would restrict any kind of cannabis especially medical cannabis . ”
NORMLKC is hosting a meeting on Sunday , February 4th at Captain 's Sports Bar & Grill at 27909 E Colbern Rd. ,
Lake Lotawana , MO 64086 from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. to gather signatures for their petition to put the Missouri Marijuana Legalization Initiative on the ballot .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. - Terry Kimball , an Uber passenger in St. Petersburg punched by their driver , has died as a result of their injuries , officials said Saturday , Aug. 12 .
St. Petersburg police said no charges have been filed yet and the investigation continues .
Police said at 7:30 p.m. Thursday , Uber driver Kabir O ' Farril Diaz , 38 , picked up 56-year-old passenger Terry L. Kimball .
They had a dispute over the route the driver was taking . Diaz pulled over at a Quick Pick Foods store in St. Petersburg , where they had a physical altercation .
Authorities said the driver punched Kimball , and they did not regain consciousness .
`` I saw this guy laying on the ground . This woman was pressing on their chest trying to bring them back , '' Carlton Reid said . `` He was n't responsive . It was pretty tough , really I was really scared , I did n't know what was going on with them and I was pretty worried . ''
Reid said they witnessed the aftermath of the fight .
Kimball went to the hospital with serious brain trauma and life-threatening injuries .
Police said a witness told them Kimball appeared to be the aggressor . A friend of Diaz told Tampa-based WFTS reporter Michael Paluska they have a baby on the way and is not a violent person .
According to Pinellas County court records Kimball 's been arrested multiple times for crimes that include DUI , simple battery , resisting arrest , and disorderly intoxication .
`` That 's very sad , '' Reid said . `` It really is I would like to know what happened now , truly . ''
Investigators are speaking with witnesses and they say Diaz , who has not been charged at this time , is cooperating .
This past January , Dr. Charity Thoman started noticing the shortages . Santa Barbara County 's normally stocked tuberculosis drugs were disappearing off the shelves , and instead of more drugs arriving to replace them , they stopped coming altogether .
“ That 's unprecedented , ” said Thoman , who has been watching those critical drugs become harder and harder to come by for the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department and health-care providers across the nation since the beginning of the year . “ A hundred years ago , tuberculosis was the No . 1 killer in the United States . ”
Because public health attacked the problem aggressively in the following decades , “ these days no one 's even heard of it , ” they said .
But Thoman said California continues to have a persistent problem with tuberculosis .
In fact , 2.3 million people are infected with latent tuberculosis , which Thoman likened to the disease being “ asleep in your lungs. ” In Santa Barbara County , about 25 cases of active tuberculosis surface a year .
With each case , county health officials have to conduct an expansive investigation of each family member , co-worker and friend with whom the infected person may have come into contact .
“ We find positives all the time , ” they told Noozhawk . “ That 's what so dangerous . ”
The drug Isoniazid is one of four medications used to treat tuberculosis when it 's first seen in a patient , when the disease becomes “ active . ”
Isoniazid is the most important of those drugs — so much so that Thoman called it “ the backbone ” of treatment throughout the world .
Because tuberculosis is spread through the air and highly contagious , it 's a public health issue when those drugs are n't available , Thoman said . Isoniazid is the medicine used to treat latent tuberculosis as well , and without the drug , more and more people will develop the full manifestation of the disease .
“ The problem with this drug shortage is that we wo n't see effects right away , ” they said . “ We 'll probably start seeing a big increase in five or 10 years . ”
Thoman said because the drug is generic , “ it does n't make the drug companies any money . ”
Of the three companies that make the drug , one has stopped taking orders altogether .
Thoman said that instead waiting for drug companies to fix their own problems , more intervention is needed — even a presidential order .
“ It 's really going to take change at the federal level , ” they said . “ President Obama issued an executive order to try to address drug shortages , but the order was n't aggressive enough , so it has n't really produced results . ”
Click here to find out more about tuberculosis in California and how health departments are treating the disease .
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin ( 91 ) and Colorado Avalanche defenseman Patrik Nemeth ( 12 ) fight during the Colorado Avalanche vs. the Dallas Stars NHL hockey game at the American Airlines Center in Dallas on Saturday , October 14 , 2017 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
Mike Heika , Stars beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News , answered your questions about the team in a live chat recently . Here are some highlights :
Patrik Nemeth played pretty well in the playoffs . What do you think is Dallas ' biggest struggle with developing young defensemen ?
Heika : I think they needed to pick the one or two they wanted and then trust their development . There was too much forcing the player to prove themselves ( especially against another young defenseman ) and it created , in my opinion , an environment where the player was afraid to make a mistake .
They also did n't need to bring in the safety nets of veteran defensemen , because I think it was too easy for the coaches to choose the veterans . I think Stephen Johns was better this season , because they knew they had the room to make mistakes . That 's needed for a young defenseman . I also would like it if the coach could take a more patient approach to the season . It would be to see a team start with patience and end with a push . I think you can build young players with that philosophy .
TAMARAC . FLA. ( WSVN ) - - A man who killed themselves in Tamarac inadvertently killed their roommate and their dog , according to the Broward Sheriff 's Office .
Deputies responded to the home at 7932 Exeter Circle West , Wednesday morning . Officials found a dead man in their 60s inside of a running car in the garage .
Deputies also said their roommate , who is in their 70s , was found dead upstairs with their dog .
Detectives believe the incident was a suicide gone wrong .
“ The fumes were very strong , ” said BSO deputy Gina Carter . “ It 's possible that the car had been left running overnight . This appears to have been a suicide and accidental death . There was a note inside for the suicide . The homes that were adjacent to this one – it 's a town home development – the other units also had a lot of fumes in them , and firefighters had to evacuate those units . ”
7Skyforce hovered over the scene , where fire rescue crews and deputies were able to make their way inside after pumping air into the home and clearing the fumes .
Upon hearing of the incident , residents were shocked by the tragedy of it .
“ Words can not express how I feel , ” said neighbor Michael King .
“ You think that something like this would never happen close to home , ” said witness Gary Levy .
Investigators have not released any names in this death investigation .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Hugh Grant in A Very English Scandal . Sophie Mutevelian/BBC/Blueprint Television Ltd
This article originally appeared in Vulture .
A Very English Scandal , the new three-part series from Queer As Folk and Doctor Who is a writer Russell T. Davies and director Stephen Frears , is a wild tale of politics , ambition , sex , mental illness , attempted murder , and virulent homophobia . It 's also pretty much a true story .
A dramatization of John Preston 's book of the same name , the Amazon mini-series begins in 1961 with a chance meeting between a politician on the rise named Jeremy Thorpe ( Hugh Grant ) , and a young , rootless stableman named Norman Josiffe , later known as Norman Scott ( Ben Whishaw ) . At first , as Thorpe tells their loyal friend , fixer , and fellow MP Peter Bessell ( Alex Jennings ) in the House of Commons dining room , Scott was “ very heaven. ” The politician set their lover up in a flat in London , gave them money , and wrote several affectionate letters to their “ Bunny ” that would eventually be splashed across the newspapers . Their relationship lasted less than a year , but would haunt Thorpe for the rest of their political life , until they finally stood trial in 1979 for conspiracy to murder their troubled and troublesome ex-lover .
If you think British historical dramas are all decorous whisperings about how one should behave upon meeting the queen , this mini-series is here to prove that notion wrong—courtesy of Hugh Grant , with a glint in their eye , as they brandish a tub of petroleum jelly . Below , a detailed guide to the very real story behind A Very English Scandal .
British homophobia
A Very English Scandal covers almost 20 years of British history , a period of considerable upheaval in the country 's laws and social mores . At the heart of the story is the slowly evolving public attitude toward homosexuality , a criminal offense at the time of Thorpe and Scott 's affair . Since the Buggery Act of 1533 ( really , that 's the name ) , sex between men had been illegal in Britain , and was punishable by execution until the mid-19th century . The Victorians ended the death penalty but tightened the law—sensationally ensnaring Oscar Wilde in 1895 . ( The popular story goes that lesbianism was not explicitly banned because Queen Victoria could not imagine such a thing . )
After World War II , Cold War paranoia exacerbated long-standing fears that gay men were at particular risk of blackmail and thus a security threat , leading to a crackdown and various high-profile arrests , including that of code-breaker and scientist Alan Turing in 1952 . By the mid-'50s , more than 1,000 men were in prison for homosexual activity , and the government commissioned a report to reexamine the law . In 1957 , it concluded that there was no reason that sex in private between consenting adult men should be illegal . It would take another decade of delay and official disgust before the government agreed to act on the report 's recommendation , finally changing the law in 1967 , the same year Thorpe became leader of the Liberal party . The mini-series touches on the fight to change the law , thanks to the determination of a Welsh Labour minister , Leo Abse ( Anthony O'Donnell ) , and an eccentric Conservative peer , Lord Arran ( David Bamber ) , whose closeted brother had committed suicide . ( Arran 's other main cause was the rights of badgers , which had free run of their country house . When asked why their badger-welfare bill had failed , while the decriminalization of homosexuality passed successfully , they were reported to have answered , “ There are not many badgers in the House of Lords . ” )
The attempted murder
Doing away with the legal restriction , however , did little to clear the prevailing miasma of hatred , contempt , fear , and disgust around homosexuality . It went without saying that high political office was utterly out of reach to an openly gay man , but more chillingly , A Very English Scandal dramatizes how bone-deep Thorpe 's own self-hatred ran . Despite cheerfully admitting their sexual predilections to close friends , they appear bewildered and horrified by the suggestion that they might have been in love with Scott , protesting , “ He 's a man ! ” It 's Scott 's willingness to declare their relationship openly and describe its details to anyone who 'll listen , from friendly pub landladies to detectives to a packed courtroom , that makes them so dangerous , and why Thorpe eventually concludes that they need to be silenced for good . Fortunately for Scott , who is still alive today , the trio of misfits Thorpe hires are outlandishly incompetent , and the only casualty of the planned hit—this is less a spoiler than a genuine warning—is their beloved Great Dane .
Jeremy Thorpe 's political views
Thorpe 's determination to destroy Scott to protect their own ambition is doubly ironic for the fact that their political views were compassionate and progressive . Since their Oxford days they had been a loyal member of the Liberal Party , a centrist third-party alternative to the Tories on the right and Labour on the left . ( Founded in the 1850s and dominant in British politics in the early 20th century , the party went into sharp decline after World War I , before making a comeback in the 1950s . ) Thorpe was first elected in 1959 , going on to become the youngest person to lead a political party in the 20th century . They were a popular and charismatic leader , both in their Devon constituency and nationally , supporting colonial independence , increased immigration , and European integration . The mini-series has them delivering a passionate speech against the government selling arms to Nigeria , before sweeping out of the chamber to insist to Bessell that Scott needs to die . He 's able to perform high-mindedness and moral courage in public , but they habitually fail them in their private life .
The murder trial
The showdown of Thorpe 's trial , almost 20 years after the affair , afforded Scott the opportunity to tell their story , once again , to the biggest audience they had ever had . The trial was televised , and the sight of a member of the traditional ruling class sitting in the dock while their former lover described the first time they had sex , was an undeniable sign of the changing times . Another unremarked upon but subtle change is the increasing prominence of nonwhite faces during a period when more than half a million migrants from Commonwealth countries in the Caribbean , Africa , and south Asia settled in Britain . They are in the background of the drama , but their presence is felt .
Jeremy Thorpe never recovered from their scandal of desire and hubris , and lost their bid for reelection in its wake . But the scandal was not the only reason : The Liberals held on to just 13.8 percent of the vote in the May 1979 election , which swept Margaret Thatcher 's Conservatives into office for almost two decades . The country had changed dramatically enough that a grocer 's daughter could be prime minister , but not so much that the Liberals would n't use a rival candidate 's homosexuality against them in a viciously contested by-election in 1983 . But the following year , the Labour MP Chris Smith announced they were gay , becoming the first—and for many years , the only—out member of Parliament . The road to fuller representation was painfully slow , but being gay is no longer a political liability in Britain , which elected 45 out gay men and women to Parliament—7 percent of House of Commons—in 2017 .
See also : Queer Eye Season-Finale Recap : Make American Gay Again
Las Vegas Metro police are investigating a shooting that left one man dead in central Las Vegas late Friday night .
Officers were dispatched to reports of gunshots on the 1800 block of Arville Street , near Oakley Boulevard at 11:39 p.m. On arrival , officers found a man suffering from multiple gunshot wounds laying on the sidewalk , a Metro release said .
They were transported to UMC Trauma where they were later pronounced deceased , police said .
The preliminary investigation indicates that the man was walking westbound on Arville Street when a vehicle pulled up next to them and opened fire , a Metro release said .
LVMPD Homicide detectives believe the victim may have been the target of a drive-by shooting . No suspects have been taken into custody at this time .
Anyone with information about this murder or the suspect ( s ) involved are urged to contact the LVMPD Homicide Section at 702-828-3521 or to remain anonymous , call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files . Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only . Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted . Please support the artists and buy their music . All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners .
LEAVENWORTH , Kan. — What was supposed to be a beautiful day of joy and celebration ended in tragedy , and now a Basehor , Kan. man will likely be spending time in prison after a deadly crash . Worse , the victims and the man convicted in their deaths were family members .
A jury on Tuesday found William Matthew Wilson guilty of involuntary manslaughter due to DUI in the June 13 , 2015 deaths of Justin Wilson and their nephew Jesse Aldridge .
All three men were set to be groomsmen in the wedding of Zach Wilson and Shanna Breuer at Holy-Field Vineyard and Winery in Basehor . The night before , according to the Leavenworth County Attorney 's office , William ( who was 20 at the time ) , Justin , and Jesse left a drinking establishment sometime between 2 and 3 a.m .
Leavenworth County Sheriff 's Office responded to a report of a single car crash on County Road 1 just north of Eudora near the Kansas River . Justin Wilson and Jesse Aldrich were found dead , ejected from the vehicle after it veered off the road and struck a tree . When officers arrived at 5 a.m. , they found William to have a .09 blood alcohol content .
None of the men were wearing seatbelts .
William is the brother of the groom . The wedding was postponed due to the family tragedy .
County Attorney said , “ This was a horrible tragedy all the way around . This is devastating to a family . Events like weddings generally involve alcohol , but everyone must be remembered to be responsible . I hate this has to be another example of the importance of a designated driver , cab , uber , and the use of seatbelts . ”
Authorities did not say if any legal action was taken against the drinking establishment . FOX 4 has requested information on any further charges , and will provide an update as information is available .
Sentencing is set for July 21 .
Local hikers be warned as a mountain lion and their cub were spotted by surveillance cameras at Audubon Canyon Ranch in Sonoma County early Tuesday morning .
According to abc7news , the ranch , near Bennett Valley , spotted the two felines before dawn .
Researchers estimate the cub is eight months old and presumably very healthy . The cub is the only survivor from the litter .
They were caught on camera feasting on a deer that mom P1 ( as they are called by the researchers ) hunted a few days prior .
Neighbours hold basement ‘ dig downs ' to ransom
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County face Cardiff City in their rearranged Sky Bet Championship clash this evening .
The originally scheduled game was postponed following heavy snow in Derby last month .
The Rams are currently in seventh place in the league table , after a run of three consecutive defeats to Wolves , Burton Albion and Middlesbrough .
However , a win against the Bluebirds would see Derby leapfrog Millwall and climb back into the play-off positions .
Tonight 's match is a big game for Cardiff as well , and a win over the Rams would see them edge closer to securing a place in the Premier League next season .
Ahead of tonight 's match , Cardiff fans have taken to social media to express their thoughts and emotions .
( Image : Getty Images )
@ Kevinmcc1932 : “ Hoping for a Bluebirds victory tonight ” .
@ geraintwill : “ A win versus Derby and we are three points away from Premier League football . ”
Josh Wilby : “ Massive game tonight ! Come on boys , let 's get the promotion place ” .
@ JamieBluebird : `` Another cup final this evening . Got ta go at them after they 've lost the last three games . There are goals there for us . Got to be clinical . Could be a Premier League club by 5pm Saturday , let 's do the job ! ''
@ Jack_Osborne98 : `` Big game in hand today against Derby . Come on City one last push ! ! ''
Dave Watkins : `` Massive game for us tonight . A lot of things have been said off the pitch in the pre-match build up but it 's time for the football to do the talking . We are two wins away from the Premier League . We can not let this opportunity slip . COME ON CITY ! ! ! ''
CLEVELAND — Andrew Miller can start a throwing program as the Indians ' All-Star reliever battles inflammation in their right knee .
Miller , who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of soreness in their knee , visited a specialist in New York on Tuesday . The club said Dr. David Altchek confirmed a previous diagnosis and the left-hander can `` begin a gradual progression back to mound activity . ''
While there is no timetable for Miller to return , the fact that they do n't need surgery and can resume throwing is great news for the Indians .
Other than Cy Young Award winner Corey Kluber , Miller is the most important pitcher on the club 's staff , and if the Indians are going to make a run at a World Series title they 'll need the 33-year-old healthy .
Miller was vital to the Indians winning the 2016 pennant as manager Terry Francona rode them hard during the post-season .
On Tuesday , Indians team president Chris Antonetti said surgery was not being discussed for Miller , who is only signed through this season .
One of baseball 's most dominant late-inning relievers , Miller has n't been effective since coming off the DL on May 11 . They opened the season with 10 scoreless innings before hurting their left hamstring .
They are 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances .
Francona said getting a second opinion was important for the team and Miller .
`` I think a lot of this is to give guys peace of mind , '' they said . `` Not that it does n't hurt . We know what 's there , but even they said , 'If I know this is what it is and I have to deal with it , I can . ' So , there are multiple reasons why you do it . But one is also for peace of mind , sure . ''
8 things never to say to a person with anxiety disorder Anxiety disorders and those who suffer from them are often misunderstood . Patience and understanding are key when communicating with a loved one who struggles with anxiety .
According to the South African Depression & Anxiety Group ( SADAG ) , anxiety disorders are the most common illnesses in South Africa .
One in five South Africans is affected by one or more of these debilitating illnesses each year .
Struggling with anxiety can leave your loved one feeling isolated and misunderstood .
While a few words of encouragement can help to ease their anxiety , you could , however , find yourself saying something that has the complete opposite effect .
Here are eight things you should never say to someone with an anxiety disorder :
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A woman has said Steven Seagal sexually assaulted them at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills room when they were a 17-year-old model and aspiring actor .
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as they spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles , becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct .
Ms Dadis said Seagal reached under their bikini top , grabbed their nipples and then grabbed their genitals soon after the 2002 audition began . They said they promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken .
`` I have suffered from depression , anxiety and post-traumatic stress , have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men , '' they said through tears as they read from a written statement .
They recently filed a report with police , and Los Angeles prosecutors said their case is under review .
Ms Dadis , now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience , said they had recently moved to the US from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced them to Seagal .
After several phone calls and text messages , they invited them to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film they planned to make about Genghis Khan , Ms Dadis said .
They took a family friend because their mother was suspicious , but the person stayed in the lobby and they ended up in a room with only Seagal and their personal security guard .
Seagal had told them to wear a bikini or bra and panties under their clothes , and had their walk around the room in the bikini before saying they wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her , Ms Dadis said .
`` Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience , '' they said . `` I left feeling horrified and totally violated . ''
They said they told friends after about a month , but did not go to authorities at the time because they feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry . They said Seagal later called her , but they never accepted the calls .
Ms Dadis said they were inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry , and was spurred to come forward especially by actor Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped their trousers during an audition with them
Ms Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside their lawyer , Lisa Bloom , and another woman , Regina Simons , who said Seagal sexually assaulted them in 1995 when they were 18 , allegations they previously made on NBC in January .
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed them at an audition in 1995 .
Seagal said on their Facebook page that they had never met Simons and their story was fabricated , and they have denied the allegations from the other actores .
Ms Bloom said there are no immediate plans for lawsuits .
A lawyer for Seagal said later that the actor adamantly denies the allegations made by Ms Dadis and Ms Simons .
Anthony Falangetti said the accounts of both women are `` completely fictitious and totally made up '' .
They added that the allegations are a disservice to women who are victimised because of real predators in the film industry .
Two men were injured during an early morning home invasion in Tumwater on Monday . Staff file Wichita Eagle
GREEN RIVER — Elizabeth Jane Kline , 68 , passed away on Thursday , April 19 , 2018 , at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City , Utah . Mrs. Kline was a resident of Green River for the past 41 years and former resident of Salt Lake City , Utah ; they died following a sudden illness .
Mrs. Kline was born on January 16 , 1950 , in Salt Lake City , Utah , the daughter of Robert Connelly and DeLelle Hopkins Connelly .
They attended school in Denver , Colorado and was a graduate of Thomas Jefferson High School with the class of 1968 . They attended Westminster College and received their undergraduate work and received their Bachelor 's Degree in Education . They also attended Idaho State University and received their Master 's Degree in Special Education and also later earned their minor in history .
Mrs. Kline married Arthur Kline in Green River , Wyoming on January 18 , 1980 .
They were employed by the Sweetwater County School District # 2 as a special education teacher for 32 years . They taught in Jackpot , Nevada for three years prior .
Them interests included bowling , golfing , crocheting , teaching , reading and playing games also watching their grandchildren playing sports , Them furry family included Spike , Jerry and Timmy and their grandpups , Molly and Zoey . They were an avid Jazz and Bronco fan .
Survivors include their husband , daughter Sara Hudson and husband Earon of Green River , Wyoming , one brother Robert Connelly Jr. of Denver , Colorado , two grandchildren Alexzander Hudson and Dakota Hudson both of Green River , Wyoming , one niece Lilah Connelly , and special family friends , Sabrina Finstad , Hailey Finstad , Landon Finstad and Gracelynn Finstad .
They were preceded in death by their parents .
The family of Elizabeth Jane Kline respectfully requests donations in their memory be made to Sweetwater County Child Development Center , 1715 Hitching Post , Green River , Wyoming .
Following cremation a celebration of life will be held at 11:00 A.M. Wednesday , May 2 , 2018 , at the Vase Funeral Chapels , 154 Elk Street , Rock Springs , Wyoming . Friends may call one hour prior to services .
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes.com .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— The city of Charlottesville , Va. is continuing to come together in the wake of deadly violence over the weekend as the fight over whether to remove a statue of Robert E. Lee continues .
Charlottesville Vice Mayor Wes Bellamy has been at the forefront of efforts to have the statue removed . They said the groups who protested this weekend were simply masking their hatred behind their apparent love of the statue .
“ It needs to be removed expeditiously , ” Bellamy said .
Bellamy has taken the lead on efforts to have the statue of Robert E. Lee removed and , as it holds up a poster with the name of Heather Heyer , who was killed when a car rammed into a group of protesters on Saturday , they are more steadfast than ever .
“ You see exactly what kind of domestic terrorism occurs when people mask their hate behind images and symbols such as this one , ” they said .
While some chose to reflect near the site of the tragedy , others decided to come to the statue to pray and sing right at the base of what has been a point of contention for some time .
A Charlottesville resident who asked only to be identified as Josh said they understand why the monument is a symbol of hurt and hatred for so many .
They said they snapped pictures of to Unite the Right rally over the weekend and was surprised when they went back to review the images .
“ It looked like I was shooting photos of some guys preparing to go out and fight a war . I mean , they 're in military fatigues , they 're carrying rifles . They were not geared up for a peaceful protest , ” they said .
For that reason , Bellamy said their fight to have the Robert E. Lee statue removed ca n't be to blame for what took place on Saturday .
“ No one is to blame except for the white supremacist who decided to drive a vehicle through a crowd full of people . No one invited these white supremacists to come to our community , ” Bellamy said .
The vote to have the monument removed happened in February , at which point groups filed a lawsuit in to Unite the Right groups started to protest . The issue is currently moving through the courts .
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Ratu Isoa Tikoca after their court appearence at magistrates court yesterday . Picture : RAMA
FIJI Independent Commission Against Corruption ( FICAC ) lawyer , Rashmi Aslam informed the Suva Magistrates Court that they were not calling an additional witness to prove the guilt of suspended Opposition Parliamentarian , Ratu Isoa Tikoca .
FICAC yesterday made an application seeking leave of the court to reopen their case to call Fonua Jioji who was an accounts staff member at Fiji 's High Commission to Papua New Guinea during Ratu Isoa 's tenure as Fiji 's High Commissioner to PNG .
Mr Aslam said they were calling Ms Jioji to give them the right to reply to Ratu Isoa 's evidence . Ratu Isoa had earlier stated in their evidence that they had given Ms Jioji the directive to deduct a portion of their salary for their son 's education in Australia .
Ratu Isoa appeared before Magistrate Makereta Mua for charges of failing to declare their liabilities before the 2014 General Election . The alleged offence took place between August 20 and August 25 , 2014 .
It is alleged that upon their nomination by the Social Democratic Liberal Party as a candidate for the 2014 election , they failed to declare the liability and the amount of the liability to the registrar , the permanent secretary responsible for the elections . Ratu Isoa is alleged to have incurred more than $ 94,000 to the Fijian Government while serving as Fiji 's High Commissioner to PNG .
In their submissions , Mr Aslam said the evidence of the accused that they had given the directive for Ms Jioji to conduct deductions from their salary was another piece of evidence . They said this piece of evidence was not foreseen by prosecution because it had not been highlighted either in the caution interview or the disclosures .
Mr Aslam said allowing a rebuttal witness was legal and within the law . They said they were also not making this move to close the gaps in the prosecution case .
They said it was only fair that the rebuttal witness comment on the evidence presented by the accused .
Mr Aslam said to object on a witness commenting on evidence presented by an accused person was unfair . In their reply , defence counsel Kitione Vuetaki said Ms Jioji was available to the prosecution as they had also given their statement . Mr Vuetaki said any prosecution officer could foresee if either a witness was credible or not .
They said if they had foreseen this , they could have called in Ms Jioji to testify for the prosecution to instructions they were given or in the presence of other staff from the High Commission at Port Moresby in PNG . Mrs Mua will deliver their ruling on the matter on March 3 .
The Irish team has been named for the UCI 2018 Para-cycling Track World Championships in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from the 22-25 March . Three tandems and two solo bikes will compete in fourteen events over the four days of competition . The championships take place in the Velódromo Municipal do Rio where Eoghan Clifford won a Paralympic bronze medal in the Individual Pursuit . Ireland won five Paralympic medals in cycling at the 2016 Paralympic Games in Rio , including two Paralympic titles .
The team consists of experienced and decorated riders Colin Lynch and Paralympic and World Champions Katie-George Dunlevy with their pilot Eve McCrystal , as well as Paralympians Peter Ryan and Séan Hahessy . Sprint specialists Martin Gordon and Eamonn Byrne will also be competing , along with C4 racer Ronan Grimes .
Speaking ahead of the championships National Performance Coach Neill Delahaye said :
“ These 2018 UCI Paracycling Track World Championships are the first major track competition for the full Paracycling team since the Rio 2016 Paralympic Games .
“ We are looking forward to having the opportunity to test ourselves again in this Arena against the best in World . We have a strong line up with a competitive mix of established performers and a couple of talented new bikes . Everyone is ready for the challenge and looking forward to getting the Championships underway . ”
The UCI 2018 Para-cycling Track World Championships take place in the Velódromo do Rio , Brazil from the 22nd – 25th March .
Irish Team Schedule :
Thursday 22nd March
Men 's C2 Pursuit
Colin Lynch
Men 's C4 Kilo
Ronan Grimes
Friday 23rd March
Women 's B Tandem Pursuit
Katie-George Dunlevy and Eve McCrystal
Men 's C2 Kilo
Colin Lynch
Men 's B Tandem Pursuit
Peter Ryan and Séan Hahessy
Saturday 24th March
Women 's B Tandem Kilo
Katie-George Dunlevy and Eve McCrystal
Men 's B Tandem Kilo
Peter Ryan and Séan Hahessy
Martin Gordon and Eamonn Byrne
Men 's C4 Pursuit
Ronan Grimes
Sunday 25th March
Women 's B Tandem Sprint
Katie-George Dunlevy and Eve McCrystal
Men 's B Tandem Sprint
Peter Ryan and Séan Hahessy
Martin Gordon and Eamonn Byrne
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett says that they can sympathise with Brentford counterpart Dean Smith after 10-man Bees were beaten at Pride Park Stadium .
Sergi Canos was shown a straight red by referee Peter Bankes in the 23rd minute after a challenge on Marcus Olsson was deemed dangerous .
After treatment , Olsson was able to continue - but Rowett , who has seen their Derby County side involved in some questionable refereeing decision lately - says it was a close call .
`` It looked to me as thought it was going to be one of those games , '' they told BBC Radio Derby .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
`` I felt as though we looked a little reluctant to move the ball quickly but that 's going to happen .
`` You could argue that the sending off was a turning point . If I 'm being really honest , the red card did n't look anything overly dangerous . I do n't think that the replay was at a great angle and I can sympathise with Dean Smith . ''
Rowett , whose side remain second - a point ahead of third-placed Aston Villa , was pleased with their side 's goals .
`` The first one was from a set piece and I 'm pleased for ( goalscorer ) Tom Huddlestone . He 's been getting a bit of ribbing in there ( for not yet scoring for the Rams ) , '' said Rowett .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
`` For the second one ... there were a lot of passes involved and I was delighted that Vyds scored from the penalty spot .
`` I did n't want Vyds going too long without scoring . I 'm pretty sure that , had they not scored , then their head would have gone down again . ''
Norwich City visit Pride Park next Saturday and Rowett stressed the importance of beating Brentford after successive draws .
`` Brentford created one or two moments that could have made the game edgy , '' they said .
`` Today felt really important after drawing the last couple of games . I did n't want anyone getting edgy .
`` We just have to keep working hard to keep that up . ''
ROCK SPRINGS — As Wyoming begins to see early signs of the flu season 's arrival , flu shots remain the best way available to help win the fight against influenza illness , according to the Wyoming Department of Health ( WDH ) .
“ Because influenza makes its rounds every year , it is something familiar , but it should never be overlooked or accepted as a minor problem . Flu is a serious illness , ” said Dr. Alexia Harrist , state epidemiologist and acting state health officer with WDH .
“ Nearly everyone six months or older should get seasonal flu vaccines each year . Flu shots are safe and the most important action people can take to help prevent getting ill with influenza and passing it on to others , ” they said .
Reggie McClinton , a WDH epidemiologist , said the department has already started to receive a few reports of influenza in locations scattered around the state .
“ The level of flu activity we saw in Wyoming during the 2016-17 flu season was considered to be moderately severe , ” McClinton said . “ Unfortunately , we saw 15 flu-related deaths , mostly among older residents . ”
Harrist said anyone can get the flu and healthy people do usually recover . “ But they can also spread the virus to others who may be more vulnerable such as the elderly . Every year we see hospitalizations and deaths connected to influenza , ” they added .
Influenza vaccines are available in many locations , including local public health offices , workplaces , doctors ' offices and retail stores . “ Flu vaccines are not expensive and most insurance policies cover them , ” Harrist said .
In Wyoming , federal funding covers vaccine costs for many children and adults through WDH-managed programs . Qualified children include those covered by Medicaid , uninsured children , American Indian or Alaska native children . Qualified adults include those who are uninsured or underinsured .
Harrist noted nasal mist vaccines available in previous seasons are no longer recommended .
Influenza is a contagious respiratory illness caused by a virus . Symptoms include fever , headache , extreme tiredness , dry cough , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and muscle aches .
It takes about two weeks for flu vaccines to offer protection . “ We do n't want people to wait until folks around them are ill to decide it 's time for their flu shot , ” Harrist said .
Basic common-sense measures can also slow the spread of influenza and other respiratory diseases . These steps include covering the mouth and nose with sleeves or tissues when sneezing and coughing ; frequently washing hands ; and staying home from work , school , day care and errands when ill .
Researcher finds Georgia voter records exposed on internet
hello
FILE - This Sept. 22 , 2016 file photo shows the screen of an electronic voting machine during testing at the Kennesaw State University Center for Election Systems in Kennesaw , Ga. A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia 's elections . The lapse , which left the stateâs 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers , was first reported Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , by the news site Politico . Associated Press
FILE - This Sept. 22 , 2016 file photo shows employees of the Fulton County Election Preparation Center in Atlanta test electronic voting machines . A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia 's elections . The lapse , which left the stateâs 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers , was first reported Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , by the news site Politico . Associated Press
HOUSTON -- A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia 's election technology , days before the state holds a closely watched congressional runoff vote on June 20 .
The security failure left the state 's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers , and may have been left unpatched for seven months . The revealed files might have allowed attackers to plant malware and possibly rig votes or wreak chaos with voter rolls during elections .
Georgia is especially vulnerable to such disruption , as the entire state relies on antiquated touchscreen voting machines that provide no hardcopy record of votes , making it all but impossible to tell if anyone has manipulated the tallies .
The true dimensions of the failure were first reported Wednesday by Politico Magazine . The affected Center for Election Systems referred all questions to its host , Kennesaw State University , which declined comment . In March , the university had mischaracterized the flaw 's discovery as a security breach .
Logan Lamb , a 29-year-old Atlanta-based private security researcher formerly with Oak Ridge National Laboratory , made the discovery last August . They told The Associated Press they decided to go public after the publication last week of a classified National Security Agency report describing a sophisticated scheme , allegedly by Russian military intelligence , to infiltrate local U.S. elections systems using phishing emails .
The NSA report offered the most detailed account yet of an attempt by foreign agents to probe the rickety and poorly funded U.S. elections system . The Department of Homeland Security had previously reported attempts last year to gain unauthorized access to voter registration databases in 20 states - one of which , in Illinois , succeeded , though the state says no harm resulted .
It also emboldened Lamb to come forward with their findings . Lamb discovered the security hole - a misconfigured server - one day as they did a search of the Kennesaw State election-systems website . There , they found a directory open to the internet that contained not just the state voter database , but PDF files with instructions and passwords used by poll workers to sign in to a central server used on Election Day , said Lamb .
`` It was an open invitation to anybody pretending to even know a little bit about computers to get into the system , '' said Marilyn Marks , an election-transparency activist whose Colorado-based foundation participated in a failed lawsuit that sought to bar the use of paperless voting machines in next week 's election .
The directory of files `` was already indexed by Google , '' Lamb said in an interview - meaning that anyone could have found it with the right search . Lamb said they notified the center 's director , Merle King , who assured them the hole would be patched and who asked to keep their discovery to himself .
Politico reported that the center never notified the secretary of state 's office , which oversees elections and contracts with Kennesaw State to manage the technology part . The Associated Press left a phone message and sent email to King seeking comment but they did not immediately respond .
Lamb said they decided not to disclose the problem at the time - mostly because they `` did n't want to needlessly escalate things '' prior to the Nov. 8 general election . But in March , a security colleague Lamb had told about the flaw , checked out the center 's website and discovered that the vulnerabilities had only been partially fixed .
`` We were both pretty floored , '' said Lamb .
The researcher , Chris Grayson , said he , too , was able to access the same voter record database and other sensitive files in a publicly accessible directory . Grayson contacted a friend who is a professor at Kennesaw State . Two days later , the FBI was called in to investigate .
It did not bring charges against either researcher , finding no evidence of illegal entry . `` At the end of the day we were doing what we thought was in the best interest of the republic - informing the parties that needed to be privy to this sort of issue , '' said Grayson .
The special election next Tuesday will fill the seat vacated by Republican Tom Price after they were named Health and Human Services Secretary . It has attracted national attention , including that of President Donald Trump , for whom it could be a bellwether .
First-time candidate Jon Ossoff is a Democrat with a national security background . Their GOP opponent is former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel .
During the August 7 meeting of the Mattapoisett Planning Board , the agenda was extremely lean . With no hearings or planned public discourse of any kind , the board members focused their attention on bylaw updates and changes that have been long in the making .
But after putting those aside and inquiring if there was any other business , Chairman Tom Tucker quickly became frustrated – the topic was Brandt Point Village .
Once again , Tucker asked Planning Administrator Mary Crain if the current development team had responded to the board 's request to meet with them vis-à-vis to discuss the list of incomplete projects at the large subdivision and to respond to why things were n't moving along as agreed many months prior . “ They still have ignored our request , ” they said .
“ This has been going on since 2008 , ” said Tucker , appearing to be addressing the board 's newest member Janice Robbins . “ We 've asked for a cease and desist… [ and ] we 've been refused. ” They said the Town did not have an appetite to shutdown construction in order to gain compliance .
The Planning Board , over the nearly ten years since the subdivision was permitted , has seen several development teams come and go .
Robbins asked if an agreement had been signed for certain activities at the site with the latest team , Marc Marcus and Armand Cotelleso of Omega Financial . Tucker responded ‘ No , ' just verbal confirmation that specific things would be completed by last January 2017 . Robbins remarked after the date on the current surety agreement was determined , January 2018 , that “ Technically , they are not out of compliance . ”
It was explained to Robbins that , although legal documents governing the subdivision indicate that all Phase 1 items such as sidewalks , septic certifications , mail kiosk , stormwater management systems , and roadways must be up to independent peer review standards and were to have been completed by January 2017 , it was basically a verbal contingency placed on the acceptance of their construction surety .
Tucker felt that since the verbal agreement had been written down and videotaping of that agreement archived , that was sufficient to get work at the site completed .
Tucker also believed that since occupancy permits were being withheld on Phase 2 pending completion of Phase 1 “ they would get things done. ” Now the Planning Board was again faced with how to gain Phase 1 compliance .
Tucker asked Crain to contact the Town 's legal counsel to ascertain what they could do at this juncture . Crain responded that counsel had said they could re-open the public hearing process and rescind the subdivision permit .
Robbins wondered aloud what would happen if that were to occur . Tucker said , “ They either walk away or finish . ”
Gail Carlson , also a new member of the board and resident of the beleaguered subdivision , added that gaining cooperation from other board members to collectively come up with a strategy that might assist in gaining cooperation from Marcus and Cotelleso was needed .
Crain and Tucker noted there had been a lack of response from the Conservation Commission and Board of Health when the Planning Board had previously reached out for assistance .
Tucker asked Crain to contact Town Administrator Michael Gagne , town counsel , Field Engineering ( the Town 's peer review consultants ) , the Conservation Commission , and the Board of Health with an invitation to attend the next meeting of the Planning Board .
Earlier in the evening as Planning Board members reviewed the bylaw governing signs , it became apparent that a draft executed by Crain several years ago when they were a Planning Board member might not be robust enough when contrasted against the sign bylaw the Town of Rochester composed .
Crain had been employed by Rochester as the town planner when that document was written and accepted by the state 's Attorney General 's Office .
Tucker asked Crain to re-visit Mattapoisett 's draft , incorporating certain line items from the Rochester document and returning to the next meeting with a more fully fleshed out draft for their review .
The next meeting of the Mattapoisett Planning Board is scheduled for August 21 at 7:00 pm in the town hall conference room .
By Marilou Newell
When Alex Trebek is disappointed in you , they let you know . And in a clip from Thursday 's episode of Jeopardy ! Trebek looked like they wanted to weep .
After clearing the rest of the board in Double Jeopardy , the lone remaining category was `` Talkin ' Football . ''
It soon became clear why the contestants — Ryan , Sara and Justin – had avoided it .
The first question , for $ 200 : Your choice : Do or do n't name this place in which the QB runs the ball & can choose to pitch it to another back .
The contestants stand still — no manic mashing of buzzers here .
`` It 's an option play , '' says Trebek after the beep , with evident concern .
There was nowhere to go but down . Ryan , laughing resignedly , orders up the next embarrassment .
`` I can tell you guys are big football fans , '' Trebek says .
For $ 400 : Tom Landry perfected the shotgun formation with this team .
But there was just no way . Sara and Justin grin widely . They have nothing .
Trebek suggests perhaps they just go to commercial , but the sacks continue through the next two questions .
`` Let 's look at the $ 1,000 clue just for the fun of it , '' Trebek then says to audience laughter .
The last is , painfully , a video clue from the Vikings ' stadium in Minneapolis in advance of Sunday 's Super Bowl .
`` If you guys ring in and get this one , '' Trebek says , `` I will die . ''
Spoiler alert : They do n't .
The show 's Twitter feed kept dishing the sass Thursday night and dragged poor , long-suffering Cleveland into the mess .
`` Fun fact , '' the show tweeted . `` Our contestants answered as many clues in this category as the @ Browns had wins this season . ''
Full disclosure : This writer would n't have rung in , either .
Oracle Unveils Cloud-Native , Smart Security Management Suite
At Oracle OpenWorld in San Francisco this week , the company announced availability of its new cloud-native , intelligent security and management suite , which it describes as an `` industry first . '' The new set of tools are designed to help enterprise IT staff predict and eliminate cybersecurity threats and to help resolve problems related to infrastructure performance .
The new offerings include the 'Oracle Management Cloud ' and the 'Oracle Identity Security Operations Center ' ( SOC ) portfolio of services . They use artificial intelligence , operational telemetry , and automated remediation to quickly adapt to evolving cyber threats .
With its advanced machine learning capabilities , the new Oracle services are intended to ward off hack attacks and security breaches , and reduce the detection window from months to minutes .
Management Cloud
As security threats continue to become more sophisticated and damaging , organizations need to take a fresh look at their security and management from the ground up . So says Oracle 's Prakash Ramamurthy , senior VP of Security and Systems Management , who points out that `` siloed enterprise approaches '' to security and management are no longer sufficient .
The goal for Oracle 's new tools is to make network security as seamless as possible for enterprise customers . The solution is a powerful , cloud-native suite that combines a comprehensive , unified data tier with intelligence provided by purpose-built machine learning . `` The suite provides value in minutes , '' Ramamurthy said , `` and can scale to become the nerve center of an enterprise 's security and management efforts . ''
To ensure its machine learning algorithm has the right data needed for producing accurate , actionable insights , the Oracle Management Cloud can handle `` massive raw data ingest '' as well as `` context-based enrichment '' -- plus , the all-important steps for automated remediation . In combination , Oracle says these capabilities help make its Management Cloud an ideal solution for securing and managing complex enterprise networks .
Planning and Orchestration
The new 'Oracle Management Cloud ' suite includes the Standard Edition services , plus 'Oracle IT Analytics Cloud Service ' for estate-wide planning , and the new 'Oracle Orchestration Cloud Service . ' With the Orchestration service , customers can choose to automate the entire problem identification and resolution process using machine learning .
In the crucial area of log management , Oracle has expanded its 'Oracle Log Analytics Cloud Service . ' IT staff can now monitor and analyze security and operational logs from a wide variety of on-premises and cloud technologies . With unified monitoring , IT staff can ensure their log management efforts yield maximum value for their network security and operations teams .
Security Monitoring and Analytics
The new 'Oracle Security Monitoring and Analytics Cloud Service ' -- which is now available -- provides the foundation for Oracle 's Identity Security Operations Center . The service provides security incident and event management ( SIEM ) , as well as user and entity behavioral analytics ( UEBA ) .
It draws information from the 'Oracle CASB Cloud Service ' which continually monitors cloud activity and looks for threat detection . The integrated service also accesses intelligence from logs produced by the Oracle Management Cloud .
Since the SIEM system has access to the full range of security and operational telemetry , customers benefit from a context-aware `` single pane of glass '' view to secure their networks , including public and hybrid cloud environments .
Configuration , Compliance , and Threat Detection
The new 'Oracle Configuration and Compliance Cloud Service ' is also now available . This service is designed to ensure continuous compliance that is fully integrated with DevOps , aligning with regulatory requirements such as the EU 's General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) .
To further secure enterprise cloud networks , Oracle has also expanded its 'Oracle CASB Cloud Service ' threat detection and data protection capabilities . This 'cloud access security broker ' ( CASB ) service now offers enhanced data security for both structured and unstructured data .
New features include built-in Data Loss Prevention ( DLP ) , improved threat prevention with new anti-malware and anti-ransomware capabilities , plus the ability to share its analytic conclusions across Oracle 's Identity SOC portfolio .
Image credit : iStock .
While presidents have always traveled , Trump 's travel is `` unprecedented , '' one expert says , because they repeatedly visit their family-owned properties .
We celebrate the nameday of Saint Philothea today , February 19th .
Click here to download your free copy of The Children 's Word .
Photo Credit : A Reader 's Guide to Orthodox Icons
The Orthodox Christian Network ( OCN ) is an official agency of the Assembly of Canonical Bishops of the United States of America originally commissioned by SCOBA to create a national , sustainable , and effective media witness for Orthodox Christianity and seekers around the world through media ministry . CLICK HERE to download our brochure .
This 501 ( c ) 3 is recognized as a leader in the Orthodox Media field and has sustained consistent growth over twenty years . OCN shares the timeless faith of Orthodoxy with the contemporary world through modern media . We are on a mission to inspire Orthodox Christians Worldwide . We have reached 5.7 Million People in One Week . Much like public radio , the Orthodox Christian Network relies on the support of our listeners , readers , and fans . If you are interested in supporting our work , you can send your gift by direct mail , over the phone , or on our website . Your gift will ensure that OCN may continue to offer free , high-quality , Orthodox media .
Do you find it hard to keep focused on Christ when you 're on the go ? OCN makes it easy ! Give today to help you and your Orthodox community stay connected no matter the location .
ORTHODOX MOBILE APPS ARE HERE !
Click here to download the Spark OCN and Orthodox Prayer Book .
_______________________________________________________________________
Posted by the Orthodox Christian Network . OCN is on Social Media ! Follow us on Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , Google+ , Pinterest , LinkedIn and Instagram
Every day we have an ongoing internal dialogue with ourselves . Our self-talk is automatic and often unconscious . The way we talk to ourselves develops over time and has an underlying tone .
Given the same experience , some of us engage in positive self-talk and others in negative self-talk . For example , if you oversleep and wake up 20 minutes before you need to leave the house , you might have a negative internal dialogue such as : “ I ca n't believe I overslept ! How could I have been so dumb ? Now I am rushing and I will be stressed and in a bad mood all day. ” In contrast , your self-talk could be positive and sound like this : “ I am so lucky I woke up . If I keep moving quickly I can get my day going on schedule. “ These two examples of self-talk depict opposite ways of interpreting the same situation .
Self-talk does more than narrate events ; it can predispose us to experience the world in a certain way . We tend to seek out experiences that confirm our self-talk , thereby making it a self-fulfilling prophecy .
If you expect the day to go wrong because you overslept , it is likely you will find evidence to validate this belief . In contrast , if you think you were lucky for waking up “ just in time , ” you will selectively find experiences that reinforce this belief throughout the day . Experiences that confirm your self-talk firmly cement a certain tone into your internal dialogue .
A continual pattern of negative self-talk is characteristic of individuals with anxiety , depression and insomnia . These individuals often use self-talk characterized by catastrophizing ( giving great weight to a negative outcome no matter how improbable it may be ) , all or nothing thinking ( seeing things in black and white instead of shades of gray ) and disqualifying the positive ( ignoring positive accomplishments ) .
Examples of this negative dialogue include : “ I will never sleep at all again since I did n't sleep the other night. ” “ My exercise regime is ruined because I did n't have time to exercise yesterday. ” And , “ Even though I did well on my last math exam , I know I will not do well on this next one. ” This negative self-talk lacks an internal locus of control , minimizes accomplishments , focuses on perceived failures and maximizes the potential for negative outcomes . Cognitive behavioral therapy that targets changing self-talk and making it more flexible and positive is helpful in treating anxiety , depression and insomnia .
While your internal dialogue may not be consistently negative , it may be limiting your potential . Gaining an awareness of your self-talk , challenging it and replacing it with more rational self-talk can be empowering and lead you to greater productivity and happiness . Ideas for how to assess and change your self-talk follow .
» Focus on “ catching ” what you are saying to yourself throughout the day . Examine your self-talk prior to entering new or important situations and when good and bad things happen .
» Critically assess how accurate your self-talk is . What evidence is there to support your belief , and what evidence contradicts your belief ?
» Correct faulty thinking that underlies your self-talk . Ask yourself if there is another way to think about a situation .
» Look for and try to correct examples of all or nothing thinking , catastrophizing and disqualifying the positive in your self-talk . Remember that self-talk that has an external locus of control , minimizes achievements and maximizes failures should be corrected .
» Practice positive self-talk during your daily routines . The more you practice talking positively to yourself , the more able you will be able to catch and correct negative self-talk when you hear it .
» Every morning make a positive affirmation about your day . Start your day with this positive self-talk .
» Look for models of people who engage in positive dialogue about themselves and situations . Model how they view their achievements and events . Incorporate their thinking into your self-talk .
» Use a visual cue as a reminder to catch your negative self-talk and replace it . Rubber bands around your wrist , a drawing on the palm of your hand or a note on the refrigerator are all good visual reminders .
» Record yourself on your mobile device as you practice positive self-talk statements . Play the recording daily and when you feel you have gotten into a negative self-talk rut .
» If you like to journal , write five positive statements daily or write these statements prior to an experience that you find triggers negative self-talk .
Now go have a positive talk with yourself !
— Winifred Lender Ph.D. is a licensed psychologist in private practice in Santa Barbara and can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . They provide cognitive-behavioral therapy for sleep regulation issues , anxiety and depression , and completed their undergraduate work at Cornell University and received their master 's and doctorate degrees at the University of Pennsylvania . They completed a fellowship at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia/The University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and is a past president of the Santa Barbara County Psychological Association . Click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are them own .
Cases of chronic absences reduced to zero after intervention effort is revived following four-year hiatus
Reviving a countywide truancy program has been a worthwhile effort if preliminary numbers are any indication .
The revamped program to combat truancy was put back into Santa Barbara County schools last school year after a four-year hiatus .
Deputy District Attorney David Chen , who 's led the effort , told Noozhawk last week that the program and its positive interventions have worked to lower the number of students criminally prosecuted for chronic absences to zero . A student is considered truant if they or they have more than three unexcused absences .
“ I think that 's a good number , ” Chen said of zero .
That 's welcome news for the Board of Supervisors , which last year authorized the funds to bring back a countywide program after seeing a significant increase in truancy since a similar program was eliminated in 2008 .
In the revived version of the program , which has a budget about one-fifth the size of the previous program , schools send out letters after a certain number of absences . When school-based intervention processes fail and truancy continues , schools are supposed to contact the District Attorney 's Office to participate in meetings of the Truancy Mediation Team or the School Attendance Review Board .
Of the more than 2,700 students who received letters , 226 made it to the SARB level , Chen said .
Thirty-eight students were referred to probation to participate in Teen Court or other community service activities , and just three were referred to the District Attorney 's Office for formal prosecution .
The threat of legal action , however , scared all three back to probation , Chen said .
They credit county agency partnerships and willing schools with allowing the program to meet its goal of decriminalizing truancy .
“ So , it works , ” Chen said . “ We have the existing resources . We just have to pull it all together . It 's a friendly reminder . ”
Seven of the 25 parents who were referred to the District Attorney 's Office for their role in truancy have already completed the required education classes to dismiss their cases , Chen said . Eighteen cases are still active , and no fines have been handed down , they added .
Final numbers are expected later this summer .
District Attorney Joyce Dudley touted the program 's efforts , especially the intelligence and passion of its most dedicated workers .
“ I am intensely proud of the work David and Corina ( Trevina ) have done , ” Dudley said . “ They hit the ground running , and they ran all over the county ! ”
After a successful first year , Chen said they plan to refine the truancy process this summer . They hope to set up future SARB trainings at schools and focus on early intervention .
“ We 've got the partners there , ” they said .
Chen said he 's looking forward to forging more service partnerships so the program can continue fostering communication between students , parents and schools .
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
By Prince Okafor
Shell , Eni reported 89 oil spills of 1,830 in 7 years – Amnesty Intl
AMNESTY International has accused international oil companies , Shell and Eni of negligence when addressing spills in Nigeria , describing their actions as “ serious negligence . ”
Amnesty said the companies were “ taking weeks to respond to reports of spills and publishing misleading information about the cause and severity of spills , which may result in communities not receiving compensation . ”
Shell had reported 1,010 spills since 2011 , and Eni 820 since 2014 , according to
Amnesty , which said among those 1,830 reports , it found 89 “ about which there are reasonable doubts surrounding the cause provided by the oil companies . ”
But in a statement sent to Vanguard , Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Ltd ( SPDC ) denied the allegations levelled against it at the weekend by Amnesty International , reiterating its commitment to swift response to oil spill incidents as much as access and security conditions permit teams to mobilise and deploy to spill sites to investigate , clean up and remediate such areas .
” This is in addition to deploying technology and best practice to make it more difficult for unauthorised persons to break pipelines and steal crude oil from its facilities .
“ SPDC , in collaboration with government regulators , responds swiftly to spill incidents as quickly as it can and cleans up spills from its facilities regardless of the cause , ” said General Manager , External Relations , Igo Weli .
“ We regularly test our emergency spill response procedures and capability to ensure staff and contractors can respond rapidly to an incident . However , response to spills , clean-up and remediation depend on access to the spill site and ultimately , on the security of personnel and equipment while work is ongoing . ”
They said Amnesty International 's allegations are false , without merit and fail to recognise the complex environment in which the company operates where security , a sole prerogative of government , remains a major concern with persisting incidents of criminality , kidnapping , vandalism , threats from self-described militant groups , etc .
Mr. Weli said the transparency in the online reporting of spill incidents by SPDC in its areas of operation since 2011 , which Amnesty International itself acknowledged , demonstrates its commitment to creating awareness and enhancing collaboration with key stakeholders on oil spill response and clean-up processes and deepening understanding of the complex and challenging operating environment .
“ Similarly , ENI spokesperson said the rights group 's statements “ are not correct and , in some cases , not acceptable , ” adding it had provided a detailed response to Amnesty 's allegations . ”
Counter-terrorism police are working with officers in Wiltshire , England who have declared a major incident after a couple were left in a critical condition having being exposed to a mystery substance .
The pair , in their 40s , were found unconscious in a property in Muggleton Road , Amesbury , Wiltshire , on Saturday .
It is around 13 kilometres from where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent in March , but it is not thought that the individuals are linked in any way to Russia or to the Skripals .
A police officer stands in front of Amesbury Baptist Church which has been cordoned off . Photograph : Henry Nicholls/Reuters .
Police officers stand in front of a housing development on Muggleton Road , Amesbury , which has been cordoned off . Photograph : Henry Nicholls/Reuters .
Wiltshire Police initially thought that the couple had taken contaminated crack cocaine or heroin , but then decided to carry out further tests and on Wednesday declared a major incident .
It is understood that tests are being carried out on the substance at the Government chemical weapons research laboratory at Porton Down .
The Metropolitan Police , who lead the national counter-terrorism network , said in a statement : “ Given the recent events in Salisbury , officers from the counter-terrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury .
“ As Wiltshire Police have stated , they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident and will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible . ”
The man and woman from Amesbury are in a critical condition in Salisbury District Hospital .
Family fun day
It is believed that one of the last places they were seen in public was a family fun day at Amesbury Baptist Centre on Saturday afternoon .
The church is one of a number of locations in Amesbury and Salisbury which has been cordoned off by police .
Church secretary Roy Collins said : “ Last weekend we held a community fundraiser and we understand this may well be the last event this couple went to in public .
“ We are all quite puzzled and shocked — naturally the connection with Salisbury and recent events there mean is a heightened public interest .
“ We are praying for the couple . One of our members knows them and clearly there are concerns for them and any others in the community .
“ They are not church members or regulars . ”
Mr Collins said around 200 people attended the event , including many families and children , but “ nobody else has suffered any ill-effects ” .
Public Health England ( PHE ) said it did not believe there to be a “ significant health risk ” to the wider public , although its advice was being reviewed .
The address where the couple were found is on a new housing development on the southern edge of the town , which lies close to Stonehenge .
Neighbours living near the scene were keen to find out more about what had happened to the couple .
‘ We saw everything '
College student Chloe Edwards described seeing police cars , fire engines and people in “ green suits ” on Saturday night .
“ We saw everything , ” said the 17-year-old , who lives near the cordoned-off flat .
“ We were just eating our dinner and all these emergency vehicles turned up .
“ They were putting on these green suits and we thought it was the gas as our electricity was turned off as well . ”
They said the vehicles arrived at about 7pm and they and their family were told to stay inside their home until about 10pm .
“ We wanted to know what happened and , with the Russian attack happening not long ago , and we just assumed the worst , ” they said .
“ I am not sure how long they were in there but we could n't get out of the house for two-and-a-half hours . ”
A support unit from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service went to the scene on Saturday , but the Swindon crew tweeted on Sunday that the incident “ was n't serious and our decontamination shower was n't required ” .
Justin Doughty , who lives opposite the police cordon , said residents wanted more information about what was happening .
“ We do n't know , to be honest now , because is it linked to Salisbury or is it drug-related ? ” they said .
“ None of us is being told anything by the police and it would be nice to know something.^
“ We would have thought the police would have been more forthcoming and keep us in the loop . ”
Salisbury District Hospital is “ open as usual ” and officials advised people to attend routine appointments unless they are contacted to do otherwise .
Mr Skripal ( 67 ) and their 33-year-old daughter were left in a critical condition after they were found slumped on a bench in Salisbury city centre on March 4th .
They spent weeks in Salisbury District Hospital , where they underwent treatment for suspected exposure to the Russian-created nerve agent Novichok .
The British Government has accused Russia of being behind the attack on Mr Skripal , who settled in the UK after a spy swap .
PA
Bethel City Attorney Patty Burley is the guest on KYUK 's City Corner this week , where we went over the sales tax code rewrite currently on the City Council 's agenda .
City Corner in English
City Corner Yugtun
Bethel City Attorney Patty Burley is a busy person , fielding roughly 100 emails a day . Them job covers a lot . Among other things , they review all city contracts , and during the last several years Burley has been working on rewriting the sales tax code as part of reviewing and updating Bethel 's overall municipal code .
“ A lot of pieces are tied to another piece , ” said Burley .
Because each part of the city code is interconnected , said Burley , changing one part creates a ripple effect , affecting other areas down the line . As one can imagine , it can become a lengthy process . The part that is up for review now is the tax code .
“ As a city we realized that there were some difficulties in our code ; it was n't what we needed it to be . It had been written in '99 , it had some updates here and there , ” said Burley , “ but it did n't give us all the tools that we needed . ”
Hear more specifics about the city 's sales tax code rewrite by listening to our full episode , where we 'll be discussing the rewrite in further detail as well as updates to the Institutional Corridor Project and the Sewer Lagoon Jetty Rehabilitation Project .
Remember , you can submit general questions anonymously to City Corner by emailing news @ kyuk.org .
World Cup holders Germany appears to have been given a fairly kind draw in Group F alongside Mexico , Sweden and South Korea as they aim to become the first country to successfully defend the trophy since Brazil in 1962 .
Such is the strength in depth available to coach Joachim Loew — who recently extended their contract through to 2022 — that there was no place in the squad for Mario Goetze , scorer of the winning goal against Argentina in the 2014 final .
Manuel Neuer 's fitness has been the biggest concern , but given that Barcelona 's Marc-Andre ter Stegen can step in for him , they might not even really need the Bayern Munich goalkeeper .
Germany won last year 's Confederations Cup in Russia with a young squad that showcased their great strength in depth . That run included a 4-1 destruction of Mexico in the semi-finals .
The Mexicans qualified comfortably for Russia but ‘ El Tri ' have fallen in the last 16 in each of the last six World Cups and matching that is probably the height of their ambitions this time .
It could be an interesting battle between Juan Carlos Osorio 's side , Sweden and the Koreans for second place behind the Germans .
Sweden are back at the tournament after dramatically ousting Italy in a play-off — they also beat France in qualifying so should not be underestimated in this post-Zlatan Ibrahimovic era .
The Koreans , meanwhile , have made little impression on the World Cup finals apart from reaching the semis as co-hosts in 2002 .
With a squad mainly made up of players based at home , or in China and Japan , they will hope to spring a surprise here .
Their opening match against Sweden in Nizhny Novgorod on June 18 will be crucial , while Germany kick off their title defence against Mexico in Moscow a day earlier .
But whoever comes second risks a last-16 meeting with Brazil .
AFP
Hundreds of attendees enjoy a festive evening of food , drinks and dancing at Rancho La Patera & Stow House
[ Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery of Fiesta Ranchera . ]
Locals got another anticipatory taste of the upcoming 2013 Old Spanish Days & Fiesta on Thursday during the annual Fiesta Ranchera .
Hundreds of attendees — many dressed in Fiesta or ranch attire — enjoyed a festive evening of food , music and dancing as a lead-up to the 89th annual Fiesta event , which will run July 31 through Aug. 4 .
Fiesta Ranchera was co-hosted by Old Spanish Days and the Goleta Valley Historical Society at the Rancho La Patera & Stow House , 304 N Los Carneros Road in Goleta .
Guests were invited to stroll through the historic garden grounds to sample food from local restaurants , with tastings from a bar and award-winning local wineries also available .
The 2013 Junior Spirit of Fiesta Kailani Cordero , 11 , and Spirit of Fiesta Corrie Jimenez , 18 , serenaded the crowd with dances once live music got under way .
Before the dance , Kailani said they had no idea she 'd be performing in front of such a large crowd of revelers .
“ It 's like huge , ” they said , with an excited yet nervous smile . “ I did n't know it was this many people ! ”
El Presidente Josiah Jenkins thanked those in attendance for showing their Fiesta spirit , whether they were dancing , drinking or merely watching the festivities unfold .
They also helped auction off the sixth of 20 printed copies of this year 's event poster , which depicts their parents , Karen and Si Jenkins , riding on horses along State Street during the annual Fiesta parade .
“ Smile , ” Jenkins said . “ Life is good . ”
Those in attendance seemed to heed their voice , concluding the celebration by dancing into the night and under the stars .
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Miami-Dade County County Jail ( ALLENTOWN , Pa. ) — When the frantic search for a 16-year-old girl culminated on Saturday with U.S . Marshals and Mexican authorities finding them at the Mexican port town of Puerto Morelos , their mother was relieved .
“ I 'm really happy . Please let everyone know , ” Amy Yu 's mother , Mui Luu , told ABC News .
They had feared the worst after their daughter ran off with a 45-year-old married man named Kevin Esterly .
After they were finally found , they were taken to Miami Saturday night .
Just days before receiving the good news , however , Luu gave an extensive interview to ABC News admitting their regret for arguing with their daughter before their disappearance and their anger at Esterly .
“ Nobody can help , ” Luu said about their daughter 's return . “ They just hide and hide . It 's so difficult to find them . ”
Them daughter vanished with what Luu described as “ a little bit of jewelry , their passport and a couple hundred dollars . ”
The mother said they regretted fighting with their daughter before they fled .
“ The last day , I called Amy and we talked I yelled at her , and so they got mad , ” Luu said .
The sophomore student was signed out of Lehigh Valley Academy on March 5 by Esterly , according to the Allentown Police Department . Esterly , a cement contractor , allegedly claimed to be their stepfather and , according to an affidavit of probable cause filed by the Lehigh County Deputy District Attorney Matthew Falk , they “ fraudulently signed them out of school ” early at least 10 times between December and Feb. 9 .
But this time , authorities said Esterly withdrew $ 4,000 from their wife 's bank account and caught a one-way flight to Cancun , Mexico , by way of Dallas along with Amy .
While they are back home , any kind of homecoming with Amy is being delayed because the youth is staying at a Pennsylvania hospital , their mother said .
Meanwhile , Esterly remains behind bars in Miami and faces a felony charge of custodial interference .
During a short hearing on Monday , Esterly did n't fight extradition back to Lehigh County .
“ I 'd like to go back to Pennsylvania as soon as possible , ” they told the judge .
In the throes of worry and reflection , Luu wondered if they could have done more to keep Amy away from from the married man .
“ Every day they would go out — sometimes for two hours and I ask them ‘ Why do you go out ? Every day you go out ! ' ” they said they told Amy . “ Sometime they would be gone overnight… .
“ It 's difficult teaching the teenagers because they wo n't listen to the parents , ” they added .
Luu said that they had been raising Amy and their brother , John , by themselves ever since their biological father went to China .
“ He left to go back to China and they ca n't come back , ” they said .
For almost a decade , Luu 's daughter attended a Lehigh county church .
It was at this church that Luu said Amy forged a friendship with one of Esterly 's four daughters .
“ I know them from church , both them and their family [ for ] many years , ” Luu told ABC News in an earlier interview before Amy was found . “ He had four daughters and wife and their daughter is just one year less than Amy .
John Waldron , the attorney for Esterly 's wife , Stacey Esterly , told to ABC News that over several years Amy became like a “ fifth daughter ” to their family .
Luu agreed , saying for Amy , Kevin Esterly was “ dad ” and their wife was “ mom . ”
But Luu said they found the relationship strange and confronted the couple .
“ I ask them and I ask their wife , ‘ Why do they call you mom and dad ? ' and they say ‘ It 's normal , ' ” Luu recalled .
But the patriarchal relationship became inappropriate over “ eight or nine months ” when Stacey Esterly said they learned their husband was allegedly having sex with Amy , according to Waldron .
“ She tried to prevent Kevin on almost a daily basis from having contact with Amy , ” Waldron said , adding that Stacey Esterly did n't report them to authorities at first because they were concerned about fracturing their family .
Waldron said that Stacey Esterly eventually started to feel more uncomfortable with the relationship .
“ It was reaching a breaking point , which is part of the reason why Kevin ultimately took off with Amy , ” they said . “ Because they knew that Stacey was going to take more drastic measures with the authorities . ”
Meanwhile , Luu is questioning how they could have trusted Esterly for so many years .
“ This guy is so bad , ” they said . “ I never thought they would act like that . ”
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
FAIRBANKS , Alaska ( AP ) – Alaska State Troopers have arrested three men suspected of stealing an ATM from a rural Fairbanks store .
Troopers say 35-year-old Joshua Ritter , 55-year-old Scott Jackson and 35-year-old Robert Strickland are charged with felony counts of burglary , theft and criminal mischief plus misdemeanor counts of trespass .
Online court documents do not list their attorneys .
Security cameras early Thursday showed three men using a pickup and chain to break open the door of the Goldstream General Store west of Fairbanks .
Two suspects picked up the ATM and loaded it into the back of the pickup .
Troopers say an alert citizen Friday recognized the pickup from news reports and called officers to a Fred Meyer store parking lot .
Ritter and Jackson were arrested with the truck .
Troopers and Fairbanks police later arrested Strickland .
By John Lee .
Iraq has extended the deadline to bid for the construction and operation of a new 100,000-bpd Qayara refinery .
The full statement from the Ministry of Oil is as follows :
The ministry of oil would like to announce for the investment refinery in Ninawa governorate/ Qayara with a capacity of 100 thousand barrels / day .
The execution is according to the methods of BOOT or BOO and according to the investment law of the refineries No.64 for the year 2007 and its amendments .
The products of the refinery must be environment friendly according to the international standards .
The tax breaks must be according to the investment law No.13 for the year 2006 .
In accordance with the second amendment of the investment law No.64 for the year 2007 . The subtraction on the crude oil price over the ship is ( 8 % ) “ The subtraction must be more than 5 $ and less than 10 $ of the global price ” .
The studies , planning and follow-up directorate in the ministry of oil have prepared the data portfolio of the refinery and the price of the data portfolio shall be ( 30 ) thousand dollars , or its equivalent in Iraqi Dinars “ nonrefundable ” .
– The closing date of selling data portfolios is at the end of the work hours of Tuesday the 15th of May 2018 .
– The receipt of the documents from the companies whom would like to invest in the above mentioned refinery must be to the end of the work hours of Thursday the 14th of June 2018 .
The presentation of the documents will be to the Studies Planning & Follow-up Directorate directly in a closed envelop . Otherwise the documents will be rejected .
For further information please contact the E-mails ( [ email protected ] ) or ( [ email protected ] ) .
( Source : Ministry of Oil )
California Statewide Fire Summary
December 11th , 2017 by admin
Monday , December 11 , 2017
Almost 9,000 firefighters remain on the line , successfully making progress in some containment of the fires burning in southern California . As of today , these fires have burned nearly 257,000 acres and destroyed over 1,000 structures .
Red Flag Warning remains in most of Los Angeles and Ventura county today and into tomorrow . Humidity in the single digits coupled with Santa Ana wind gusts of 35 to 45mph persist , along with warm temperatures . Warm and dry conditions continue across the state , with no chance of precipitation in the current forcast .
When you are able to return home after a wildfire , it does n't mean that all of the danger is gone . Fire damage on your property and the surrounding area has more potential hazards than you might think . For more information on what to look out for and how to stay safe , click here .
Fires of Interest :
Thomas Fire , Ventura/Santa Barbara County ( more info… )
Santa Paula
• 230,500 acres , 15 % contained
• Evacuations and road closures in effect
• 18,000 homes threatened , 95,000 residents evacuated
• CAL FIRE Incident Management Team 4 ( Derum ) assigned
Lilac Fire , San Diego County ( more info… )
Bonsall
• 4,100 acres , 80 % contained
• Evacuations and road closures have been lifted
• CAL FIRE Incident Management Team 1 ( Gouvea ) assigned
Creek Fire , Los Angeles County ( more info… )
Kagel Canyon
• 15,619 acres , 95 % contained
• CAL FIRE Incident Management Team 5 ( Bravo )
Rye Fire , Los Angeles County ( more info… )
Santa Clarita
• 6,049 acres , 93 % contained
Skirball Fire , Los Angeles County ( more info… )
North of Brentwood
• 422 acres , 85 % contained
By Ben Agande
Kaduna—Youths in their hundreds , yesterday , staged a peaceful procession to drum support for President Muhammadu Buhari , who has been in the United Kingdom on medical vacation .
The Kaduna procession is coming a few days after two groups of pro- and anti-Buhari protesters held rallies in Abuja .
The Kadunà rally drew youths from various states of the north and termiñated at Government House , where they were addressed by government officials , led by the Commissioner in Charge of Stakeholders ' Affairs , Shehu Balarabe , and Governor Nasir el-Rufai 's spokesperson , Samuel Aruwan .
The protesters carried placards with inscriptions such as “ Kaduna Youths Network Support Buhari , ” “ We support Buhari to stay in office , not to step down ” and “ Budget Padding is corruption ” among others .
Spokesman of the group , Ibrahim Garkuwa , said the rally was called to drum support for the President , adding that they are happy with the manner President Buhari 's administration has governed the country in the last two years .
Another member of the group , Muhàmmed Sani , noted that in spite of repeated attempts to portray the present administration as not performing , the President has achieved far better than their predecessors .
They said President Buhari has fulfilled their campaign promises , especially in areas of anti-corruption fight and security , despite the challenges they met on ground .
According to them , those calling for their resignation are enemies of the country who are not happy with the successes recorded by their administration in ridding Nigeria of corruption .
The group maintained that the President has not violated the Constitution to warrant the call for their resignation after they had properly handed over to Acting President , Professor Yemi Osinbajo .
Sings Like Hell will present a double bill of the Texas-based band The Gourds and Canadian singer-songwriter Lynn Miles at 8 p.m. Saturday in the Lobero Theatre , 33 E. Canon Perdido St. in Santa Barbara .
The Gourds , who formed in the music hotbed of Austin , Texas , in 1994 — a fusion of the groups the Picket Line Coyotes and the Grackles — have always prided themselves on their lack of sentimentality , never mind self-pity . Indeed , for a group often identified as “ country ” or “ alternative country , ” their repertory has been singularly lacking in crying-in-your-beer music and lost-woman laments .
Their sensibility and sound appear to hail more from Chicago than Cheyenne , and although they write the vast majority of their own songs , their biggest hit , so far , was their 1998 cover of Los Angeles rapper Snoop Dogg 's “ Gin and Juice. ” That is to say they might look like Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show , but they sound more like Siegel-Schwall .
Their 10th studio album , Old Mad Joy , was set to be released by Vanguard Records four days before this Lobero concert .
Except that they come from above the 39th parallel , Miles seems to arise from a much more “ country ” background than the urban-raunchy Gourds . Even their hometown of Sweetsburg sounds like you 'd find it just outside of Tulsa , rather than just outside of Montreal , where it actually is located .
And their voice is rather terrifyingly powerful and true , like a completely feminine version of Waylon Jennings , if you can imagine such a thing , or a white Odetta . Them songs , too , as the Quakers would say , speak to our condition .
Tickets to see The Gourds and Miles are $ 35 and are available through the Lobero box office . Click here or call 805.963.0761 .
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer . They can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others . Since 2009 , World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19 . In Minnesota , this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism .
“ I feel I have an obligation to do everything I can to keep this country safe . So put that in your pipe and smoke it . ”
That 's how Sen. Dianne Feinstein explained their view , which is winning their buckets of liberal criticism , as a defender of the National Security Agency program .
Edward Snowden 's leaks ? “ An act of treason . ”
They are 80 years old , and they are not pulling them punches .
Right on .
This is what politics should be about . They are not doing what most of their friends want them to do . They are n't even playing around with some kind of middle ground — some yes , I 'm for security , and yes , I 'm for privacy , and of course there does n't have to be a tradeoff between the two .
Actually , there does .
I ca n't really say I agree with Feinstein . How could I ? They chair the Senate Intelligence Committee . They know as much about this program — how it works , what we 've learned , plots that have been thwarted — as anyone .
I do n't . I know there are tradeoffs . I know the threats are real . But as for evaluating the effectiveness of this program , how can anyone who does n't know the details do that ? As for specific abuses of privacy , we do n't know about that either , with the exception of the most egregious , which is , of course , Snowden 's abuse .
What I find so admirable about Feinstein 's stand is just how nonpolitical it is .
It is n't based on a poll . A poll would never tell them to go so hard on this one . And why would they need a poll , anyway ?
It has nothing to do with who has given their money in past campaigns . Liberals give them money . I 'm sure she 's hearing from them . But so what ?
It is n't intended to win friends . She 'll still be reviled for their ardent support of gun control by many of those who agree with them on this . She 's a longtime supporter of gay marriage . Feinstein is never going to be the darling of the right , and I do n't think they care two whits about that .
They are doing what they think is right . They are standing up because they think it 's what 's needed to protect our country .
Agree with them or disagree with her , I defy you not to smile a little on this Fourth of July 4 weekend and remember that standing on principle for what a leader believes is right — throwing the usual rules of “ politics ” to the wind — is the essence of the miracle we call America .
That 's why we want “ great ” men and women in public office and on the bench . Most of the time , in the run-of-the-mill vote or decision or dispute , you may not need “ greatness ” to pick a side . “ Greatness ” is not a very good predictor of how someone will do at fundraising or whether they can endure months or years of canned speeches and town halls without making a ridiculous mistake . “ Greatness ” is not necessarily the same thing as never having done anything in your life that you would n't want to go viral .
We need great men and women for important moments , when what counts are courage and conviction , when you need to risk the wrath of your friends in order to seek what you believe to be the larger good .
Sen. Feinstein has always been known for a streak of independence . It 's what makes a great senator .
It 's what we celebrate with joy on the Fourth of July .
Happy holidays .
— Susan Estrich is a best-selling author , the Robert Kingsley Professor of Law and Political Science at the USC Law Center and was campaign manager for 1988 Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis . Click here to contact them or click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are them own .
Albion fans react to to defeat against Liverpool
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tony Pulis ' ears will have pricked up at news of John Terry 's decision to depart Chelsea at the end of the season .
The 36-year-old has won virtually every major honour with the Blues and looks like bagging a fifth Premier League title this season .
But they have decided to end their 22-year association with the London club in search of a fresh challenge .
Pulis has indicated they would be keen to bring Terry to West Brom .
`` If they become available in the summer we 'll sit down and have a little think about what we 've got and what we have n't got and we 'll take it from there , '' Pulis said last month .
The bookies can certainly see West Brom being Terry 's next destination .
Albion are 7/4 favourites to be the former England skipper 's club after the summer transfer window .
Terry turns 37 in December , about the same time as Gareth McAuley .
But unlike McAuley , Terry has barely played for the last two years .
Would Terry be worth a short-term deal with the Baggies ?
Let us know and vote in our poll below .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Although scientists have been able to levitate specific types of material , a pair of UChicago undergraduate physics students helped take the science to a new level .
Third-year Frankie Fung and fourth-year Mykhaylo Usatyuk led a team of UChicago researchers who demonstrated how to levitate a variety of objects—ceramic and polyethylene spheres , glass bubbles , ice particles , lint strands and thistle seeds—between a warm plate and a cold plate in a vacuum chamber .
“ They made lots of intriguing observations that blew my mind , ” said Cheng Chin , professor of physics , whose ultracold lab in the Gordon Center for Integrative Science was home to the experiments .
Fourth-year Mykhaylo Usatyuk ( left ) and third-year Frankie Fung . Photo by Jean Lachat download
In their work , researchers achieved a number of levitation breakthroughs , in terms of duration , orientation and method : The levitation lasted for more than an hour , as opposed to a few minutes ; stability was achieved radially and vertically , as opposed to just vertically ; and it used a temperature gradient rather than light or a magnetic field . Their findings appeared Jan. 20 in Applied Physics Letters .
“ Magnetic levitation only works on magnetic particles , and optical levitation only works on objects that can be polarized by light , but with our first-of-its-kind method , we demonstrate a method to levitate generic objects , ” said Chin .
In the experiment , the bottom copper plate was kept at room temperature while a stainless steel cylinder filled with liquid nitrogen kept at negative 300 degrees Fahrenheit served as the top plate . The upward flow of heat from the warm to the cold plate kept the particles suspended indefinitely .
“ The large temperature gradient leads to a force that balances gravity and results in stable levitation , ” said Fung , the study 's lead author . “ We managed to quantify the thermophoretic force and found reasonable agreement with what is predicted by theory . This will allow us to explore the possibilities of levitating different types of objects. ” ( Thermophoresis refers to the movement of particles by means of a temperature gradient . )
“ Our increased understanding of the thermophoretic force will help us investigate the interactions and binding affinities between the particles we observed , ” said Usatyuk , a study co-author . “ We are excited about the future research directions we can follow with our system . ”
The key to obtaining high levitation stability is the geometrical design of the two plates . A proper ratio of their sizes and vertical spacing allows the warm air to flow around and efficiently capture the levitated objects when they drift away from the center . Another sensitivity factor is that the thermal gradient needs to be pointing upward—even a misalignment of one degree will greatly reduce the levitation stability .
“ Only within a narrow range of pressure , temperature gradient and plate geometric factors can we reach stable and long levitation , ” Chin said . “ Different particles also require fine adjustment of the parameters . ”
The apparatus offers a new ground-based platform to investigate the dynamics of astrophysical , chemical and biological systems in a microgravity environment , according to the researchers .
Researchers achieved levitation of lint among other particles ( courtesy of Chin Lab ) .
Levitation of macroscopic particles in a vacuum is of particular interest due to its wide applications in space , atmospheric and astro-chemical research . And thermophoresis has been utilized in aerosol thermal precipitators , nuclear reactor safety and the manufacturing of optical fibers through vacuum deposition processes , which apply progressive layers of atoms or molecules during fabrication .
The new method is significant because it offers a new approach to manipulating small objects without contacting or contaminating them , said Thomas Witten , the Homer J. Livingston Professor Emeritus of Physics . “ It offers new avenues for mass assembly of tiny parts for micro-electro-mechanical systems , for example , and to measure small forces within such systems .
“ Also , it forces us to re-examine how ‘ driven gases , ' such as gases driven by heat flow , can differ from ordinary gases , ” they added . “ Driven gases hold promise to create new forms of interaction between suspended particles . ”
Levitation of materials in ground-based experiments provides an ideal platform for the study of particle dynamics and interactions in a pristine isolated environment , the paper concluded . Chin 's lab is now looking at how to levitate macroscopic substances greater than a centimeter in size , as well as how these objects interact or aggregate in a weightless environment . “ There are ample research opportunities to which our talented undergraduate students can contribute , ” Chin said .
Citation : “ Stable thermophoretic trapping of generic particles at low pressures , ” by Frankie Fung , Mykhaylo Usatyuk , B. J. DeSalvo and Cheng Chin in Applied Physics Letters , Jan. 20 , 2017 . DOI 10.1063/1.4974489
Funding : National Science Foundation , Grainger Foundation and Enrico Fermi Institute .
The 3 Palms Project , Allen Associates ' recently completed Platinum LEED for Homes project on the beach near Carpinteria , is featured in the July/August issue of Dwell Magazine . The 3 Palms Project will also be showcased at this weekend 's Dwell on Design 2013 in Los Angeles .
Allen Associates , a general contractor serving Santa Barbara and Ventura counties , has been honored to be a part of this exciting and cutting-edge project . The company served as the driver of an invigorating , collaborative design process with the client and their two project architects , John Turturro ( Turturro Design Studio ) and Larry Graves ( Alliance Design ) to achieve the client 's green building goals . In addition , the project marketer , KNB Associates , secured participation from many innovative green product manufacturers .
Due to this very motivated client , Allen Associates was able to push the envelope on green building design , system and product selection to ensure the home achieved Platinum certification through the LEED for Homes process .
The outcome of this work is a home that is 56 percent more energy efficient than California Energy Code Standards due to its passive solar design and high-performance exterior shell .
Other unique features of the project include :
» A 5.12 kW photovoltaic system provides the home 's electrical needs while a solar hydronic system preheats water for domestic water and radiant space needs .
» A Bendpak automated car lift allows two vehicles to park in a traditional one-space garage , making an additional 200 square feet of living space available .
» Fabulous finishes by Cambria , Poggenpohl , Louis Poulsen , Targetti , Bartels , American Clay , Kohler and others .
Dwell on Design 2013 runs this Friday through Sunday at the Los Angeles Convention Center , 1201 S. Figueroa St. in downtown Los Angeles . A panel at 3 p.m. Sunday will feature the project team including the client — Bryan Cranston , the project designer — John Turturro , Turturro Design Studio and Allen Associates President Bryan Henson .
Dwell on Design is known as America 's largest modern design event , attracting more than 30,000 attendees and showcasing new design ideas , products and services along with world-class design speakers , exhibitions and home tours .
— Karen Feeney is the marketing manager for Allen Associates Construction .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIRAMAR ( CBSMiami ) – There 's been a deadly dog attack in Miramar and the victim is a young child .
According to Miramar Fire officials , they received a call regarding an animal bite for a pediatric patient at a home located at 2420 Kingston Drive .
When fire officials arrived , it was determined their services were not needed . The child was not transported .
Miramar Police has confirmed that the child killed was an 8-month-old female .
The girl was in the care of a female relative at the time of the attack , police say , adding that the dog is a family pet .
A description for the attacking dog has not been given by authorities yet .
Video from Chopper 4 shows what appears to be a large dog in the backyard of the home but authorities confirmed that it is not the dog involved in the attack .
This is a developing story and details will be updated .
The Colorado Energy Office is searching for a Weld County partner to continue a statewide program .
Joseph Pereira , the Colorado Energy Office 's director of low income energy services , said the weatherization assistance program has provided low income homes with insulation , furnace replacement and other energy efficiency projects for the past 40 years .
The energy office recently ended the contract with its previous partner due to budget and performance issues .
Pereira said the program wants to partner with a community action agency , local government branch or nonprofit . Candidates must be familiar with working in low income communities and possess strong technical and construction capabilities .
The energy office is prepared to begin the program as soon as officials find a partner .
Santa Barbara County wants voters to increase the transient-occupancy tax rate to 12 percent , which would bring in an additional $ 1.8 million per year .
According to ballot measure documents for the proposal , the increase from 10 percent would apply to all lodging establishments in the unincorporated areas of the county that are rented for less than 30 days – includng hotels , motels and short-term vacation rentals .
The TOT , also called bed tax and hotel tax , brought in $ 9.1 million in total revenues for the 2015-16 fiscal year , according to the county .
As a general tax , the revenues can be spent on any governmental purposes .
Santa Barbara County supervisors Steve Lavagnino and Janet Wolf wrote arguments in favor of Measure B , saying it would be paid by visitors to support local infrastructure and programs .
It would be the first TOT rate increase in 26 years , they said , and would bring the rate to the same level as the cities of Santa Barbara , Goleta , Buellton , Carpinteria and Solvang .
Supervisor Peter Adam , Joe Armendariz of the Santa Barbara County Taxpayers Association , and former county executive officer Michael Brown wrote arguments against the increase .
“ The county has an annual budget of over one billion dollars and routinely overspends your tax dollars on pet projects , employee salaries , benefits and pension increases , and now they are coming to the taxpayer for more , ” they wrote .
“ The idea that money collected is new revenue from tourists is false . These funds are not new , they have been coming to our community for years , but instead of being collected by county government in the form of taxes , they have been spent in local restaurants and at businesses , which in turn helps to create jobs . ”
If county voters approve Measure B , the 12-percent rate would go into effect Jan. 1 .
— Noozhawk managing editor Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett hailed Derby County 's “ massive show of courage ” in their 3-1 victory over Cardiff City tonight .
The Rams came from a goal down at half-time to climb back into the Sky Bet Championship play-off places .
Callum Patterson had fired Cardiff ahead , before Cameron Jerome and substitute Matej Vdyra turned the game on its head late on .
( Image : Catherine Ivill/Getty Images )
Jerome then netted their second of the evening to seal a big three points for Rowett 's men and move them back above Millwall in the table .
“ I would sum it up as a massive show of courage from the players , ” Rowett told Sky Sports .
“ You can see it is such a difficult game against Cardiff – the ball is hardly in play at times .
“ You ca n't switch off for one second .
“ We started the game really brightly , but as you know against Cardiff if you switch off for a second they can punish you .
“ I felt we played well enough up to that point ( the opening goal ) .
“ It was a big evening for us , I said to the players before the game there are no second chances , lay it all out on the pitch .
“ We played with such good quality at time and our finishing was excellent .
“ Full credit to the players , they were brilliant this evening . ”
Fans Do Not Want Hina 's Name To Be Dragged Unnecessarily !
A fan asked her , `` Vikas is all right na ? ? ? '' - ( sic ) . They replied , `` Ya why what hapnd . '' - ( sic ) . Another fan wrote , `` I do n't want you to comment or to be dragged in this matter . But cause of Vikas Gupta Whole Hina fandom is called of without doing anything wrong . It was their own fan who passed bad remarks for Karan Patel while their comments made us fall in the trap . '' - ( sic )
Hina Responds To The Fan 's Distasteful Comment !
Hina replied to the concerned fan , `` I always feel truth hs its own life n a unique but certain way of coming out . No point tryin to prove tht water is liquid if u know what I mean ! As a celebrity or as a fan we al cn always b smart bout r reactions on things . My dear Hinaholics you all are true and unique souls❤️ '' - ( sic )
The Ex-Bigg Boss Contestant Trolled For Them Goa Trip Pictures
Hina 's fan , who was disappointed that many trolled them for their Goa trip , wrote , `` @ eyehinakhan I listen lots of unfair things about you on your Goa trip I am very disappointed by this ... You want to say something about this ... '' - ( sic )
The Actress Reacts To The Trolls !
The actor replied to the concerned fan , `` I enjoyed my trip , and as a fan or as an appreciator if u love me , you shud also enjoy the moments I shared with u .. do n't care about the trollers or the media ( who acknowledge them ) and give them a voice .. likewise if we talk about it we do the same .. so think and ignore .. '' - ( sic )
‘ Kuch To Log Kahenge '
When a fan asked Hina to dedicate a song to hinaholics , they wrote , `` Kuch to log kahenge .. logun ka kaam hai kehna .. # HinaBoltiHaiAbhiBusHoGaya bole toh full stop ✋ '' - ( sic )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A victim of the nightclub acid attack at the hands of Arthur Collins has made a miracle recovery after a new skin treatment .
The pioneering procedure - conducted in Birmingham - uses the patient 's own blood to rebuild damaged skin and has helped Sadie Wright recover .
Collins , the ex-boyfriend of reality TV star Ferne McCann , was jailed after the corrosive liquid was sprayed during an argument at Mangle in Dalston , east London .
Among those hurt was Sadie , the cousin of ex-Wolves star Jamie O'Hara , who later described the attack as “ sick ” .
25-year-old Sadie was told by doctors that they would be scarred for life but they have seen a distinct improvement after receiving the treatment .
Dr Tijion Esho , of Channel 4 's Body Fixers , carried out the treatment , which sees platelets extracted and injected into the burned skin .
Platelets are a component of blood whose function ( along with the coagulation factors ) is to stop bleeding by clumping and clotting blood vessel injuries .
Ansar Mahmood , from University Hospitals Birmingham , has been working on the treatment and told the Daily Star they hoped it would be available on the NHS after there has been more testing .
Sadie said : “ Dr Esho has given me back , not only my confidence , but my life . I can not thank them enough . ”
Collins was last month jailed for another eight months for using a smuggled mobile phone to call their reality TV star ex-girlfriend Ferne McCann from their prison cell .
Collins , 25 , is serving a 20-year sentence for hurling the corrosive liquid across a crowded dancefloor in an east London nightclub .
Last month they admitted hiding a phone , two Sim cards and two memory sticks inside a crutch while awaiting trial over the attack , which left 16 people with chemical burns and three people temporarily blinded .
Collins , from Broxbourne in Hertfordshire , claimed they had used the device to make private calls to then pregnant Ms McCann , who gave birth to their baby daughter , Sunday , in November .
Appearing at Woolwich Crown Court by video link from high security Belmarsh prison sporting a full beard , they showed no emotion at Woolwich Crown Court on Wednesday as they were sentenced for a single charge of possessing a prohibited item while in prison .
( Image : Met Police )
Judge Nicholas Heathcote Williams said : `` The presence of a mobile phone or component part such as a Sim card has many implications , not only for the prison establishment , but also the wider environment .
`` It provides a prisoner or prisoners with an opportunity to communicate they would otherwise not have .
`` This therefore allows them to act in a way prison is supposed to prevent them from doing . ''
If you 're rich and famous , it 's best to remember something very important : your DMs are not going to remain private for long . The ease of screenshotting has turned every conversation into fodder for social media , so you better get used to hiding your thirst .
Unless your name is Justin Bieber . The Biebs is still waltzing through DMs with no fear , and this time they found a rather obscure target to set their sights on .
Jessica Gober , a 22-year-old employee at Fitness on Broughton in Savannah , Georgia , has been tasked with increasing the social media presence for their employer . That directive led to this boomerang , with Gober modeling an energy drink for the page :
New @ bangenergy limited edition purple guava pear energy drinks are here ! Trust us , when we say they 're AMAZING ! Get yours while they 're still in stock ! UPDATE : This is a employee and no privacy laws were broken ! ! A post shared by Fitness On Broughton ( @ fitnessonbroughton ) on Aug 9 , 2017 at 10:58am PDT
At the time , the gym only had 73 followers on Instagram , but somehow , someway , the page attracted a very famous follower with the post . After spotting Gober on their page , Biebs did what any fired up young man does when a thirst trap is thrown in front of them : they fell right into it , reaching out through the generic gym page to holler at Gober . They documented the exchange on their Twitter page , sharing the receipts of Bieber 's interest .
Did this actually just happen… lmao
Justin Bieber just messaged the gym that I work at and asked who I was hahahaha WTF pic.twitter.com/mktcdB1iDP — Jessi ( @ jessicagober ) August 9 , 2017
-source via yahoo.com
Central Oregon Emergency Information Network – MEDIA ADVISORY ( Not for public distribution )
August 14 , 2017
Central Oregon Solar Eclipse Activation Set for August 16 at Noon
Media are to be advised that the Central Oregon Solar Eclipse Joint Information Center ( JIC ) , serving Crook , Deschutes and Jefferson Counties , will open on Wednesday , August 16 at noon . The JIC media line is 541-550-4888 . JIC staff can be contacted by email at : centraloregoninfo @ gmail.com
The JIC will be housed inside the Multiagency Coordination center at the Deschutes County Fairgrounds in Redmond , Oregon .
The JIC will share information via FlashAlert news releases , on the blog : http : //coemergencyinfo.blogspot.com/ and on two social media sites : https : //twitter.com/coemergencyinfo and https : //www.facebook.com/COEmergencyInfo/ .
ABOUT THE JIC
The JIC will be staffed by public information officers from more than 20 federal , state and local agencies who will be coordinating with emergency operations centers to provide consistent , coordinated information to Central Oregon visitors and residents . The JIC will help travelers and the general public have access to timely information that will allow them to make decisions to support a safe and enjoyable experience .
# # #
END
# # #
David Passmore , head coach of Ireland 's U21 Women , has today announced their squad of 18 for the upcoming Eurohockey Junior Championships in Valencia .
Ireland has a tough Group as they sit alongside England , France and Germany in Pool B. Passmore has a talented young side at their disposal with serval of the squad already capped at senior international level . An envious list of fixtures against some of Europe 's top sides has provided ideal preparation as they 've faced England , Belgium , Spain and Scotland in recent months .
The side have a tough task ahead of them but Passmore is confident in their charges , they said “ The whole U21 group of 30+ have worked really hard over the past 7-8 months and the final selection for Valencia was highly competitive . We 've made steady progress over the past six weeks and the match performances have improved through the matches against Spain and Belgium .
The U21 Europeans is a tough tournament and our pool is a challenging one with all three teams having competed in the Junior World Cup last November . England has a very settled squad and Germany boast a number of senior players whilst fourteen of the French squad played in last week 's senior Europeans in Cardiff that will give them continuity . That said we have a tight knit group and I am confident that we can cause an upset our two . Our aim is to better Ireland 's previous best place finish of 6th place . ”
Squad :
Name Club 1 . Emma Buckley ( GK ) Cork Harlequins 2 . Michelle Carey Railway Union 3 . Edel Nyland Longwood University , USA 4 . Ellen Curran Hermes-Monkstown 5 . Sorcha Clarke UCD 6 . Taite Doherty Pegasus 7 . Erin Getty ( Vice Captain ) Randalstown 8 . Tori Hastings Queen 's University University 9 . Suzie Kelly Hermes-Monkstown 10 . Ruth Maguire ( Co-Capt ) Pegasus 11 . Hannah McLoughlin Loreto 12 . Jessica McMaster Queen 's University University 13 . Elizabeth Murphy ( GK ) Hermes-Monkstown 14 . Alex Ogilby Clifton HC , England 15 . Sarah Patton UCD 16 . Abbie Russell UCD 17 . Sarah Torrans Loreto 18 . Sara Twomey ( Co-Capt ) UCD
Fixtures :
August 28th 11:15 Ireland vs England
August 29th 15:30 Ireland vs France
August 31st 9:00 Ireland vs Germany
Full schedule can be found here http : //eurohockey.org/ competitions-calendar/
U21 Men
Jonny Caren has announced their U21 men 's squad for the Eurohockey Junior Championships in Valencia ( August 28th – 3rd September ) . Ireland sit in Pool B with Austria , Belgium and Germany , with Belgium and Germany finishing second and third respectively in last year 's Junior World Cup in India . Caren has the services of the ever reliable Jamie Carr in goal , recently returned from World League with the senior men 's squad . While Luke Madeley and Keith O'Hare 's drag flicking will surely be an obvious attacking threat , along with the pace and 3D skills of Cork Church of Ireland player Julian Dale .
Speaking about the squad , head coach Caren said “ We have been together as a large panel over the past 9 months and this group have worked tirelessly on their preparation . We now find 7 of the panel either involved in the senior European Championships or unfortunately injured but the main focus for this group was to ensure we had an extremely tight knit team that worked well together on and off the pitch . Our primary focus for this tournament is to ensure our top flight status to enable Junior World Cup qualification chance next time around ” .
Squad :
Name Club 1 . CARR , JAMIE Three Rock Rovers 2 . COLE , GEOFF Monkstown 3 . CROOKSHANKS , MATTHEW Annadale 4 . DALE , JULIAN Cork C of I 5 . EMPEY , CONOR Three Rock Rovers 6 . GETTY , RYAN Lisnagarvey 7 . GRACE , SAM UCC 8 . MADELEY , LUKE Three Rock Rovers 9 . MARSHALL , KYLE Banbridge 10 . MAWHINEEY , DAVID YMCA 11 . McKIBBIN , PETER Lisnagarvey 12 . MORRIS , FRED Almere 13 . MULLINS , JOHN Clontarf 14 . NELSON , DANIEL Lisnagarvey 15 . O'HARE , KEITH Pembroke 16 . SAMUELS , MARK Three Rock Rovers 17 . WOLFE , SIMON Cork C of I 18 . GK to be confirmed
Fixtures :
August 28th 9:00 Ireland vs Germany
August 30th 9:00 Ireland vs Austria
August 31st 11:15 Ireland vs Belgium
A `` charming '' suiter that drained a woman 's bank account after meeting through online dating may be responsible for similar romance frauds across the region .
B.C . Mounties issued a public bulletin on Valentine 's Day in hopes of catching the man suspected of stealing hearts – and bank cards .
In the latest incident , the suspected scammer started staying at the home of a Coquitlam woman after answering their personal ad online on New Year 's Day .
Their romance blossomed quickly but there were several troubling red flags , says Cpl . Michael McLaughlin .
`` The victim found themselves spending all their time with the suspect but they never went to the suspect 's residence and never saw their vehicle , ” they said .
Six days after meeting online , the man walked out of the woman 's home , never to be seen again . Also gone were their house keys and bank cards , and a sum of money from their account .
`` It happened fast . Really fast , '' said McLaughlin .
Efforts to reach them were unsuccessful : their phone number had been changed , their email address led to nowhere and they never lived at the address they claimed , said McLaughlin .
`` All their personal information was a lie , '' they said .
Police have linked the case to three similar frauds in Metro Vancouver , and think there 's a strong chance other women will be targeted , if they have n't already .
The suspect is around 45 years old , 6 ' 3 with a stocky build and round face . They may be wearing a ponytail .
They have used several aliases on multiple dating sites , including “ Richard Harvey Silver , ” “ Jack Harvey , ” “ Dan Whelan ” and “ James Whelan . ”
Around 750 victims lost more than $ 17 million in romance scams last year alone , according to the Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre .
RCMP Sgt . Guy Paul Larocque says the real number is actually much higher because many people are too embarrassed to talk to police about their ordeal .
`` It 's probably just the tip of the iceberg , '' they told CTV News Channel Tuesday . The victims are largely in their mid-40s to late 50s , and are n't limited
In many cases , scammers create fake online dating profiles in order to defraud those looking for love .
After wooing their victim and gaining their trust using photos and well-concocted stories , the fraudster will then hit them in the pocketbook .
High-pressure tactics are common to separate victims from their money , says Larocque , adding that some may be forced to declare bankruptcy .
Often times it is a family member that comes forward to authorities after noticing a chance in the victim 's demeanor , or financial circumstance .
Feelings of love can leave victims blind to the fact they are being scammed by someone who does n't have their best interest at heart – what might be the most heartbreaking aspect of the scam .
`` That emotion invested… is what makes it successful , '' said Larocque .
`` Good , trusting people '' are the most vulnerable to romance fraudsters , but there are signs to watch out for to protect yourself , added McLaughlin .
`` Whether online or otherwise , be careful of people who want to get too close , too quickly and who always want you to pay , '' they said .
Rainforest show coming to suburban schools
hello
Mike Kohlrieser 's Macaw `` Kelly '' flies over the heads of audience members during the Understanding Wildlife Show . Kohlrieser , an animal trainer who founded Understanding Wildlife , Inc. , will educate students about animals facing possible extinction at three suburban schools next week . Courtesy of Karen Bobotas
A tropical rain forest with the sights and sounds of the Amazon -- including exotic birds , monkeys , alligators , jungle cats and snakes -- comes to life at three suburban schools next week .
Mike Kohlrieser , an animal trainer and stage entertainer who founded Understanding Wildlife , Inc. , will educate students about animals facing possible extinction .
The Ohio-based nonprofit 's goal is to educate and inspire people to get involved and make a better world for people and animals to live in harmony .
Since 1992 , Understanding Wildlife has visited thousands of elementary schools throughout the United States .
`` The reaction has been amazing , '' Kohlrieser said . `` We 've gotten correspondence from teachers and principals saying the kids are still talking about it like it was just yesterday . ''
Kohlrieser 's traveling comedy animal show `` Live on Stage , The Rainforest '' will be performed at 5:30 p.m. April 24 at Hyde Park Elementary School in Waukegan ; 6:30 p.m. April 25 at Lords Park Elementary School in Elgin ; and 6 p.m. April 26 at Maercker School in Westmont .
`` Our goal is to get the children turned on to the idea of conservation , '' Kohlrieser said . `` We realize that nobody likes to be lectured to , especially elementary-age students . So we put together a program with some very amazing animals .
`` Basically we are showing the children what it is we have to lose if we do n't take care of it now . The kids and adults really do have fun in our program , '' Kohlrieser said .
`` And when we 've got their attention , we are able to slip in some facts about conservation and let the kids know they can really make a difference . ''
Tickets are $ 5 and available at the door .
MACON , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – You can bring home a new family member during the Furever After Rescue Summer Splash happening this weekend .
The community fundraiser will be held at First Christian Church of Macon Saturday .
- Advertisement -
You 'll find some free activities for people of all ages including outdoor water play , local food , artist , and other vendors .
There will also be a Doggy Fashion Show . 41NBC 's Jerry Shannon and Tanya Modesitzki are some of the judges for that part of the event .
There will also be a raffle and door prizes .
The event is from 10 AM to 3 PM .
41NBC 's Ty Wilson talked with Monica Springer and Haley Hudson .
The KEY to a happy marriage is…
A new study out of the University of Michigan just found that married couples are happier if the guy has a good relationship with their wife 's parents . It 's much less important for the woman to get along with their husband 's parents .
The researchers think it 's because an adult woman tends to be closer to their parents than a man , so when their husband likes them , that eliminates a potentially huge source of stress and conflict .
Click Here to see more .
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced ? Optional : help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help ! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback . What do you think ? I ‘ ll use it in the future
I don ‘ t think I ‘ ll use it Please tell us why ( optional ) Send Feedback
From the issuing of the first cheque in the 17th century and the original wire transfer in the 1870s to the advent of the credit card and the cash machine , society has had to adapt to the changing nature of moving money , worrying all the time how secure each process can truly be .
The latest change to the public 's money-moving habits is online technology . While early proponents got going in the mid-1990s , according to the Bank for International Settlements , it is since the start of this decade that specialist online peer-to-peer ( P2P ) operators have been offering consumers a competitive rate of exchange for their money transfers .
Companies such as TransferWise , Moneycorp , WorldFirst , CurrencyFair , OFX , FairFX , Currencies Direct , Revolut and Global Reach Partners seek to attract business with eye-catchingly low commissions , often criticising the big banks for their comparatively expensive transaction costs .
These online operators are predominantly based in the UK , regarded as an advanced marketplace for money digitisation , but also the most fragmented as regulators encourage competition in banking and payments .
Ostensibly , there is a lot to play for . The holiday-maker , the worker sending remittances home , the investor with overseas assets or the business with international operations might have cause to compare and contrast the offerings of these operators in search of a reasonable rate of currency exchange and a low commission .
The remittances market alone is estimated by the World Bank to be worth almost $ 600bn .
The attraction of P2P money transfer businesses is the ability to cut out the middleman . It would match up , for example , one person holding euros and wanting to exchange them for dollars with another person holding dollars and wanting to exchange them for euros . It also offers a more favourable exchange rate .
Liquidity is a main factor in getting this process to work . There is not much point in online platforms having a multitude of customers wanting to buy a currency if there are few sellers , or vice versa . So it is in the bigger , more traded currencies that the P2P industry operates — although there are times , such as with sterling in the Brexit aftermath , when even the ability to trade in a major currency is frustrated .
Online platforms are constantly looking to innovate , raising capital to launch products and broaden their offering . WorldFirst has recently offered a product for small businesses to open online accounts in a number of currencies , sparing them the need for an international address . App launches are frequent .
There are variations . Some P2P businesses offer more currencies to swap than others ; others promote their pre-paid cards , the ability to store money online , their greater geographic spread and , of course , their competitive fees .
But for all the activity , accompanied with vast amounts of marketing , has the P2P money transfer business got much further to go ? Mark Horgan , chief executive of Moneycorp , wonders whether the market really is fragmenting .
Money transfer transactions make up only a small portion of the activity of the big high street banks , they say , such as credit card and salary transactions and mortgage payments . Yet the banks still account for 65 per cent of private money transfer payments in the UK and 85 per cent of corporate payments , Mr Horgan says .
“ It is still an incredibly concentrated market , ” they say . “ The crowded bit of the market is the non-bank bit . ”
Technology can help online platforms widen their appeal , but acquiring customers is becoming costly , needing spending on marketing . That is one reason why the money transfer industry is seeing consolidation , such as payment services company PayPal buying Xoom ; another is the regulatory climate , which is requiring stricter protocols for companies collecting and storing customer data to prevent breaches .
There is still plenty of scope for disruption in the money transfer business through innovation , yet the customer seems unwilling to take advantage . Security issues override cost savings and every tale of digital fraud and hacking reinforces the suspicions of the consumer .
“ People are conservative about who looks after their money , ” says Mr Horgan . Customers predominantly want to hear a voice at the end of a money transfer arrangement , and while online platforms may compete on price they can not compete on the record of high street banks stretching back decades .
Mintel research found that while contactless payment last year overtook the use of cheques in the UK , only a third of Britons would be comfortable with a cashless society .
This concern about security trumps irritation at excessive charging . Jared Jesner , founder of currency swap business WeSwap , says the P2P industry has exposed the lack of transparency on money transfer transaction in banks , but governments will not act .
“ Protection of money is very well regulated , but pricing is not , ” they say . “ Consumers within reason do n't care as much about price as they might say they do . Everyone hates being lied to , but people still use banks . ”
Disruption in the money transfer business is centuries old . But so is the fear of losing your money .
Dublin and London-listed venture capital firm Draper Esprit has teamed up with Berlin-based Earlybird in a move that could lead to a merger between the two companies .
Together , both businesses will have the equivalent of a € 1 billion fund , one of the largest in Europe , and a portfolio of over 100 European tech businesses .
The partnership is expected to deploy up to €200 million a year in seed , Series A , B and C technology companies . It is anticipated there will be between 15 to 20 new deals a year carried out by the teams .
As part of the partnership , Draper Esprit has taken a staken in Earlybird 's VI fund , initially investing €18 million with further investments of €17 million a year until 2022 . The comanies have also agreed to share dealflow , investment resources and expertise to co-invest together in high growth European techn companies .
Earlybird is one of Europe 's most active venture capital partnerships with a team of 23 investment professionals managing over €1 billion . It has invested in several leading technology companies in recent years including N26 , Smava , UI Path and Peak Games .
The Earlybird VI fund will have total commitments of €175 million of which €36million has already been invested to date across 13 companies . Initial companies in the fund include Shapeshift , Everoad , Movinga , Fraugster , Medidate , Xain and Crossengage .
Draper Esprit , which has previously backed a number of leading Irish tech companies such as Movidius and Clavis Insight , said it has also issued new 64,820 new shares to the benefit of the Earlybird partners in exchange of a minority stake in the management company of the fund .
“ We have worked with the Earlybird partners as co ? investors and industry members for many years and have huge respect for the leading VC position they have built in Germany and across continental Europe . With our resources combined as genuine partners we will be able to help European entrepreneurs scale their global ambitions even higher , ” said Draper Esprit chief executive and co-founder Simon Cook .
Since its initial public offering ( IPO ) in June 2016 , Draper Esprit has funded more than 25 new businesses , grown its gross portfolio value by 209 per cent and realised over £57 million in cash , including amounts held in escrow for investors .
Draper announced plans to raise £176 million ( €200 million ) in long-term capital to enable further investment in European technology companies in late May .
The VC firm has had a busy year so far in 2018 participaing in funding rounds for AirCall , Realeyes , Evonetix , Ledger and Revolut .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Dog owners are being warned over the law surrounding their pet 's barking as we head deeper into autumn .
Halloween - and , in particular , Bonfire Night - can be stressful periods for pooches .
Many will be left frightened by activity , noise and lights outside .
And , if they have a propensity to bark often , it could landowner 's in trouble .
It 's worth saying straight away that a dog barking is NOT illegal .
However , if you own a dog or dogs you must ensure that the barking does not cause a Statutory Nuisance to others .
Naturally , if your dog just barks occasionally , then there 's nothing to worry about .
But if it 's continuous , you could be in big , big bother .
What is a Statutory Nuisance ?
There is no set definition .
But case law has defined a Statutory Nuisance as a “ material interference with the comfort and enjoyment of another 's home . ”
What does this mean ?
So , to be a Statutory Nuisance , the barking would have to be excessive and unreasonable in the circumstances and interfere significantly with how someone uses and enjoys their home .
Examples could be : barking for prolonged periods , frequent excessive barking and barking at unreasonable hours , ie early morning or late at night .
Is all barking a nuisance ?
No .
The nature of dogs means that they will bark from time to time , for example to alert your attention to someone at the door or when playing but you must ensure that the barking is not occurring unreasonably .
There are many reasons why dogs bark excessively .
Many dog owners are genuinely unaware that their dog may be causing a disturbance and therefore speaking to your neighbours may be the quickest and most effective means of resolving matters .
Individuals may also take private action through the courts under the Environmental Protection Act 1990 regarding their concerns .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What action could be taken under this Act ?
If the Council is satisfied that the barking is causing a Statutory Nuisance , a notice can be served under this Act which can stop the activity occurring .
It can then take the council up to a month to determine whether a nuisance exists . A noise abatement notice will be served as soon as a nuisance is determined .
Industry-Leading Data Catalog Expands Beyond Hadoop with New Automation and Crowdsourcing Features to Quickly Connect Right People with Right Data
MOUNTAIN VIEW , CA -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - Waterline Data , a leader in Data Lifecycle Management , today announced the immediate availability of its latest platform offering , Smart Data Catalog 4.0 . A February 22nd webinar with 451 Research on the importance of data catalogs in today 's complex data world will also unveil Smart Data Catalog 4.0 's latest features . Click here to register .
`` It has become clear that the data catalog is a fundamental enabler not just of the management of the data within a data lake , but also for a variety of related business use cases , '' said Matt Aslett , Research Director , Data Platforms and Analytics , 451 Research . `` By creating an inventory of data and data lineage , tagging sensitive data to control access , and even identifying data redundancy , the data catalog can be used to identify data for analysis , enable data governance and rationalize excess data sets , unlocking the potential value of big data projects . ''
Connecting the Right Data to the Right People
The 4.0 version of the Smart Data Catalog replaces manual tagging of metadata with an automated process that rapidly classifies and organizes all of an organization 's data assets and lineage , making data readily available for :
Self-Service Analytics . Data Governance and access control for regulatory compliance . Data Rationalization for greater storage and cost efficiency .
Smart Data Catalog 4.0 answers fundamental questions that most organizations have regarding data . Where do I find it ? Where did it come from ? What 's in the data ? Who can use the data ?
Smart Data Catalog 4.0 Key Features
SDC 4.0 's new enhancements were all designed to accelerate the usability of trusted data in the enterprise . New capabilities include :
Support for directly fingerprinting and cataloging data located in Teradata , Oracle , MySQL , and other relational databases expands Waterline beyond prior version support for Hadoop-only data sources .
Support for Data Lakes operating in Amazon AWS .
Tag-based access control identifies sensitive data fields and allows data tagged as `` sensitive '' to have access automatically controlled by Apache Ranger and Cloudera Sentry , along with other access control tools via REST API integration .
Dramatically improved user experience for the business professional with a new user interface `` skin ; '' faster , more scalable search based on the industry standard SOLR search platform , improved crowdsourced ratings , annotation , reviews , and collaboration features .
The industry 's most extensible , open architecture that supports Hadoop , Spark , and Cloud deployment environments ; an RDBMS plug-in architecture for relational sources , as well as extensive REST API partner integration and extensibility .
With its unique combination of automated data inventorying plus crowdsourcing , Smart Data Catalog 4.0 allows data professionals to `` fingerprint '' data at scale by analyzing actual data values . The software automatically tags data fingerprints to glossary terms as well as matches terms through crowdsourcing , and then curates the results by allowing data flight attendants to accept or reject tags . Meanwhile , business professionals can easily search and use data through a user-friendly interface or through a variety of third party applications .
`` Our mission at Waterline Data is to connect the right people to the right data while information is still fresh , '' said Alex Gorelik , CEO at Waterline Data . `` Most organizations have more than 50 % of their data stagnating in quarantine zones or lost in data swamps , because nobody has the time or expertise to identify and organize the assets and decide who should have access to them . Waterline Smart Data Catalog 4.0 delivers a unique combination of automation and crowdsourcing that allows our customers to quickly get their data out of quarantine and into use with the confidence that the data is properly tagged so it can be governed and put into use in days instead of weeks or months . ''
Waterline Data 's Recent Growth into 2017
Waterline Data continues to hone in on the sweet-spot at the intersection of self-service analytics , data governance and data rationalization . The company has seen triple digit revenue growth and recently expanded into Europe with the opening of a London office . Plans to grow Waterline Data 's reseller network have also been aided by the doubling in size of its sales team .
Smart Data Catalog 4.0 is available immediately for members of Waterline Data 's Early Access program . For more information , please visit : http : //www.waterlinedata.com/prod/
About Waterline Data
Waterline Data accelerates data discovery , governance , and time to value through an industry-only Smart Data Catalog that instantly automates the cataloging of all data assets , including the ability to capture and learn from tribal data knowledge . The company is led by a team of enterprise data management veterans , funded by top venture and corporate investors , including Menlo Ventures , Jackson Square Ventures , Partech Ventures , and Infosys , and implemented in large enterprises around the globe . Founded in 2013 , the company is headquartered in Mountain View , California . For more , visit www.waterlinedata.com .
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/15/11G130380/Images/WATERLINEDATAimg-fe2c5e08ca91a9ff9b283db2e9f50b2d.jpg
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Speculation continues to swirl about the future of Adama Traore - with Wolverhampton Wanderers the latest to be linked with the flying winger .
Traore is widely tipped to leave Middlesbrough this summer after kickstarting their career following a disappointing spell at Aston Villa .
According to The Sun , Nuno Espirito Santo is keen on the 22-year-old as they mould their squad ahead of their Premier League return .
Traore teared it up for Boro during the second-half of last season as the Teessiders made it to the Championship play-off semi finals .
Here we look at the pros and cons of the former Barcelona youngster :
End product
At Villa they were quick and explosive but there was no end product .
Last season they flipped the script , scoring five goals and setting up ten more .
Their form was so impressive that they have rocketed up to the top of the whoscored player rankings .
The winger surprisingly flourished under Tony Pulis after struggling to impress old boss Garry Monk .
All of their strikes arrived in 2018 to make them the in-form attacker in the division .
Incredibly , the Spaniard was named star man in eight out 10 outings towards the back end of the season as Boro finally found their form to finish fifth .
Subsequently , their ranking was at 7.79 - the highest rating of any player in the second-tier with Derby County 's Curtis Davies not far behind in second place .
For the full rankings visit here
Seeing red
Adama is still a controversial character .
Their time-keeping got them into trouble earlier this season when they were late for the team bus and subsequently dropped under Monk .
They were sent-off against Villa and Sunderland - two of the biggest games of their campaign - so question marks remain over whether they can cut it when the going gets tough remain .
Who is in for him ?
Wolves join a list of suitors for Adama . Paris Saint Germain are said to be keeping tabs , while Chelsea have been linked with them on several occasions , along with Premier League rivals Newcastle United and Everton .
Why they left Villa
Traore arrived in England from Barcelona 's B-team with a bang .
On their Premier League debut they set up a rare Villa away goal in a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace during the fatal relegation season .
Then on their first start - against Notts County in the Capital One Cup - they scored , before getting injured and then not featuring again for another month .
By the time they had returned it became apparent that Adama was a one-man band , thinking only of themselves rather than the team .
Villa paid £7million for their services - blowing other clubs out of the water to land them - but they failed to make the grade .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Tim Sherwood would later admit that they are n't their signing and it was forced through by the 'recruitment team ' fronted by Paddy Riley .
Remi Garde could n't trust them to defend and Roberto Di Matteo did n't have enough time to get to know them as they forced through a move shortly after Villa were relegated .
Adama informed the Italian that they wanted a return to the Premier League , so they moved to Middlesbrough in a swap deal with Albert Adomah going the other way .
Last term they were part of the Boro side relegated from the top-flight but now he 's playing a leading role in getting their side back .
What their managers have said :
Tim Sherwood on how raw they were when they arrived in England :
“ He could go and play for Manchester City tomorrow .
“ Not Manchester United as he 's not necessarily a Jose Mourinho player , but they could be a Pep Guardiola player and play free and loose .
“ He could probably set the world alight . They have got those qualities . They are eye-catching and they get people on the edge of their seats .
“ When they first came in at Aston Villa they were obviously new to the level .
“ To be honest , they had been playing in Segunda B in Spain , which is a very poor league .
The costly Adama Traore deal cranked up Aston Villa 's hefty bill to agents
“ That was their first experience of men 's football .
“ To come over and go straight into the Premier League was a big ask .
“ Some of the best players in the world take time to settle .
“ It was very difficult in the position we were in to give them a run in the team because they are n't that well respected .
“ The biggest compliment I can pay him , if it is a compliment , is that the players did n't want to play with him , but nobody wanted to play against them either .
“ He wants the ball to themselves but they dribble in the wrong areas at times .
“ He 's got to learn because they were turning the ball over where it was easier to pass it .
“ You never knew what you were going to get from him . They were full of power and pace but lacked end product . ”
Remi Garde on their selfish ways :
“ He is very gifted , I know that . They have some brilliant skill and is tremendous on dribbling but it 's a small part of the game .
“ How long do you hold the ball in a game , one minute 30 , two minutes ? Then what are you doing for 88 minutes ?
“ If you are not doing well especially in the situation where we are it 's quite a problem .
“ We need hard workers . I do n't mean Adama is not a hardworker but they are young and inconsistent and they need to work .
“ I have to keep the balance of the team . Adama needs to work like every player . '
Roberto Di Matteo on not having enough time to assess him :
“ I did n't have too much time to assess the boy .
“ He was injured when we came back from pre-season training .
“ He then expressed wishes to me that they wanted to move on . They did n't want to be a part of our project .
“ So it was a very simple decision for me , I wanted players who were committed to Aston Villa and the rest of the players .
Aitor Karanka on slowly learning how to adapt their game :
“ He needs to always be living the game .
“ He 's learning a lot , especially without the ball , but with the ball he 's improving .
“ In the first few games , they took the ball and it was just for him , but now he 's linking more with the players and is more involved .
“ He has to keep going as they can be a great player .
“ He 's learning – sometimes they try to fool me – but he 's intelligent and they will be a really good player .
“ Sometimes they transmit to me they do n't understand where they need to be on the pitch when we do n't have the ball , but I know they know .
“ His final ball has improved , especially when he 's next to me on my wing !
“ It is true , I like to switch them at half-time so they are on my side .
“ I hope one day they can play alone ! ”
Garry Monk on why they are n't playing under him :
“ Adama , they were late for the bus , and you ca n't be late for the bus . We do n't accept that . That 's why they are n't in the squad .
“ Those are the rules that every player and everyone has to abide by .
“ We were travelling , they missed the time , and that 's why they missed the trip .
“ Like always , we deal with everything in house , but there are certain rules that the group have to follow . We 're very focused on them .
Tony Pulis on starting to get the best out of him :
“ Traore is the quickest player I 've ever seen off the mark . When they use the ball well he 's unstoppable .
“ Every time they get in motion people are bringing them down . Referees have to protect the boy .
“ He 's a special talent and he 's got to be protected . Teams are n't letting them get in motion .
“ If they 're prepared to do that then they have to be punished . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
More than 14,000 streets across Britain now have an average property value of £1 million-plus , according to a website .
There are now 14,417 streets where the average property value is £1 million or over , up from 12,418 in 2016 , Zoopla has found .
It identified Britain 's most expensive street as Kensington Palace Gardens in London 's W8 postcode area , where the average property price is £35,696,711 .
Zoopla said average property values in the prestigious street are £2,569,432 less than this time last year , reflecting a cooldown in house price growth in central London .
In second place , and moving up one place from last year 's ranking , is Grosvenor Crescent in the SW1X postcode of London , with an average property value of £21,984,033 .
In third place , and down from second last year , is The Boltons , in the SW10 postcode of London , with an average property value of £19,858,239 .
Zoopla said a huge 94.2 % of streets with an average property price of £1 million and above are located in southern England .
Of the 14,417 total £1 million streets in Britain , 5,899 are in Greater London , 109 are in Scotland and 11 are in Wales .
Excluding London , Guildford in Surrey has the largest quantity of expensive streets - 204 have an average property value of £1 million or more , according to Zoopla 's property `` rich list '' .
Lawrence Hall , a spokesperson for Zoopla , said : `` Despite London 's property market cooling over the past year , it 's no surprise that the capital 's most exclusive boroughs continue to dominate the list .
`` This is partly thanks to some incredibly luxurious properties benefiting from unbeatable locations near the heart of the city . ''
More information about the locations of million-pound property hotspots can be found at Zoopla.co.uk/RichList .
Here are the 10 most expensive streets in Britain , with the average property value , according to Zoopla :
1 . Kensington Palace Gardens , W8 , London , £35,696,711
2 . Grosvenor Crescent , SW1X , London , £21,984,033
3 . The Boltons , SW10 , London , £19,858,239
4 . Courtenay Avenue , N6 , London , £18,973,761
5 . Ilchester Place , W14 , London , £15,311,090
6 . Compton Avenue , N6 , London , £13,739,572
7 . Manresa Road , SW3 , London , £12,587,961
8 . Cottesmore Gardens , W8 , London , £11,969,745
9 . Albemarle Street , W1S , London , £11,371,851
10 . Chester Square , SW1V , London , £10,630,003
Here are the numbers of streets across Britain with an average property value of £1 million-plus according to Zoopla :
1 . Greater London , 5,899
2 . South East England , 5,278
3 . East of England , 1,875
4 . South West England , 532
5 . North West England , 301
6 . West Midlands , 194
7 . Scotland , 109
8 . East Midlands , 96
9 . Yorkshire and the Humber , 77
10 . North East England , 45
11 . Wales , 11
This story is about Published 4h
Is Cowboys owner Jerry Jones truly unable to sit still in the NFL draft ? Here 's what history says Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer ( from left ) Dallas Cowboys head coach Jason Garrett , Executive Vice President and Chief Brand Officer Charlotte Jones Anderson , Owner Jerry Jones , and Executive Vice President , CEO , and Director of Player Personnel Stephen Jones visit in the War Room before making their first pick as the NFL Draft gets underway at Valley Ranch Thursday , April 28 , 2016 . ( Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News )
By Bob Sturm , Special contributor Contact Bob Sturm on Twitter : @ SportsSturm
Over the next 10 days , we will endeavor to elaborate about our more specific beliefs about the Cowboys ' 2017 draft plans . But today , I wanted to continue an annual tradition and fill in the blanks on a particular topic that goes hand in hand with player selections on draft day in Dallas . With so many people wondering if the Cowboys will use the draft day to `` make another splash '' ( to go get that War Daddy ) , we need to ponder the track record around here of making splashes . This will be the 24th draft that the Cowboys will participate in since Jimmy Johnson left town before the 1994 draft . In that time , the Cowboys have certainly taken on a different reputation for their drafting ability and one of those cliches that analysts will use is the idea that `` Jerry can not sit still '' on draft day . They are thought of as an owner over the years who falls in love with a target and then trades up to go get them without worrying too much about the cost . They are thought of as a major downgrade to Jimmy Johnson 's 5 years of drafts , but in fairness , Jimmy compares favorably to almost anyone who ever drafted in any organization so that is n't a stretch . Presently , we can not oversimplify the front office by saying it is Jerry Jones sitting on a throne calling out orders to their servants . Rather , Will McClay , Stephen Jones , and Jason Garrett all have significant say and on most moves , we believe that Jerry serves more as a tie-breaker than a decision maker . Anyway , through covering this team , I feel it is always more helpful to actually deal in facts rather than what we can recall . If you polled draft experts , many would accuse the Cowboys of trading up all of the time . Others might say that they actually trade down quite a bit . Obviously , this seems to indicate they certainly enjoy trading in general , up and down . In this post , I wish to document the trades they have conducted that take place using picks from the top 3 rounds ( Top 100 ) only . But that alone will take up quite a bit of space . Below is a very basic summary of the trades by era . The Player +/- is simply a quantity count of Top 100 players in versus out in these trades . They , by no means , account for quality of players so it is a flawed discussion for sure . But , just so you can see the activity by era , here it is :
So , by my count , 27 trades that involve Top 100 picks over the 23 drafts by Jerry Jones . If nothing else , you should never leave your television set during draft coverage , because as the cliche tell us , they ca n't sit still in that war room . If the Cowboys lack success , it is n't because they are napping . In fact , quite the opposite might be true . A nap might be what they need over the years . However , you might find that the Jason Garrett/Will McClay/Stephen Jones era is the time in the last few decades where the Cowboys `` slow their roll '' a bit . Oh , sure , Peter King assured us that the Cowboys were trying to do everything in their power last year to go get Paxton Lynch in Round 1 . But , let 's at least compliment them that they had a price and held strong to that price , rather than make the trade at any cost . So , they are active , but not desperate . And that is the balance we should want them to have . Everyone points to Patriots coach Bill Belichick and their plans . Some suggest they are overrated . I would say this study should get you to see their genius . The Cowboys are a minus-2 in 23 drafts on Top 100 picks . Belichick has gained , according to this study on Grantland from 2 years ago - `` it 's like he 's been handed the 99th overall pick in each of their 15 drafts just for showing up and saying yes to overanxious teams . '' We can point to Tom Brady as a reason why the Patriots have been successful . But , I think to put solid rosters around him , we need to look at the Belichick draft plan . Starting with 2016 and working backwards , here are the Cowboys trades involving the traditional `` Day 1 '' picks - including the names that those picks ended up being : Jason Garrett/Jerry Jones Era 2016 : No Trades 2015 : No Trades ( in the top 100 picks , that is ) 2014 : Traded 2014 second round pick # 47-Trent Murphy and third round pick # 78-Spencer Long to Redskins for second round pick # 34-Demarcus Lawrence TRADE UP 2013 : Traded # 18-Eric Reid to 49ers for pick # 31-Travis Frederick , third round pick # 74-Terrance Williams . TRADE DOWN 2012 : Traded # 14-Michael Brockers and # 45-Alshon Jeffery to the St. Louis Rams for 6th overall- Morris Claiborne . TRADE UP 2011 : No Trades Summary of Garrett/Jones : 6 drafts and 3 major trades . Plenty of activity and definitely leading us to believe that they are still spending some time locking in on a target and displaying urgency to grab it . You may recall that even when they traded down in 2013 , they still talked about Travis Frederick as `` the last of the Mohicans '' that they had to have . But , 2015 and 2016 , the Cowboys are grabbing their full allotment of players and getting the right ones .
Wade Phillips/Jerry Jones Era 2010 : Traded # 27-Devin McCourty and # 90-Taylor Price to the New England Patriots to select Dez Bryant and pick # 119 . TRADE UP Traded 2010 second round pick # 59-Montario Hardesty , 2010 fourth round pick # 125-Clay Harbor to Eagles for 2010 second round pick # 55-Sean Lee TRADE UP 2009 : Cowboys acquire WR Roy Williams and a 7th from Detroit for # 20-Brandon Pettigrew , # 82-Derrick Williams , # 192-Aaron Brown . TRADE OUT Traded away pick # 51-Andy Levitre to Buffalo Bills for 75th Robert Brewster and 110th Victor Butler picks . TRADE DOWN 2008 : Traded # 28-Lawrence Jackson , # 163-Owen Schmitt , # 235-Brandon Coutu to Seattle for pick # 25 Mike Jenkins . TRADE UP 2007 : Cowboys trade away # 22 Brady Quinn to Browns for # 36-Kevin Kolb and 2008 first round pick # 22-Felix Jones . TRADE DOWN Then , Cowboys Traded # 36-Kevin Kolb , # 87-Stewart Bradley , # 159-C.J . Gaddis to Eagles for # 26-Anthony Spencer . TRADE UP Summary of Phillips/Jones : This is where trading up to `` get your guy '' really got traction . They went up to get Anthony Spencer and then up to get Mike Jenkins and then up to get Dez Bryant and then to get Sean Lee . In the process that that cost a total of 10 picks to get 3 players and 1 additional ( and significantly lesser pick ) . If you add to that the 2008 Roy Williams trade that gutted the 2009 draft , they basically spent 13 picks to get 5 players . And we wonder why this team has so many holes . They also had 2 trade downs , including the 2007 trade down to get an extra # 1 in 2008 ( Felix Jones ) and a trade down in 2009 where they picked up quantity but dropped significant quality to do so . Just stay there and grab Andy Levitre has been said quite a few times since that bad idea of a trade down and settle for Robert Brewster ( who never played ) in the 3rd Round .
=== Bill Parcells/Jerry Jones Era
2006 : Cowboys Traded # 49-Kellen Clemons to Jets for # 53-Anthony Fasano , # 189-Drew Coleman , # 211-Pat McQuistan . TRADE DOWN Cowboys Traded # 80-Clint Ingram to Jaguars for # 92-Jason Hatcher and # 125-Skyler Green . TRADE DOWN 2005 : No Trades ( but the extra pick from 2004 accounted below ) . 2004 : Cowboys traded away # 22-J.P. Losman to Buffalo for # 43-Julius Jones , # 144-Sean Ryan , 2005 first round pick # 20-Marcus Spears TRADE DOWN 2003 : No Trades Summary of Parcells/Jones : As you can see , this is a unique period in which draft picks were used poorly , but they were always valued . The Cowboys only participated in 3 trades in 4 drafts of top 100 picks , but each time they were accumulating bodies and stepping back . They sent away 3 picks and brought back 8 . This is how a roster is built quickly , if it can be done properly . Mistakes were made when Parcells ran the war-room , with the Steven Jackson/Julius Jones decision chief among them , Bobby Carpenter , and many offensive linemen too ( Jacob Rogers , Stephen Peterman ) , and of course the legendary battle where Parcells wanted Marcus Spears or Shawne Merriman over DeMarcus Ware . But , overall , the efficiency and conservative nature of their draft day philosophy is in sharp contrast to say , Phillips/Jones . ===
Dave Campo/Jerry Jones Era 2002 : Cowboys traded # 6-Ryan Sims to Kansas City for # 8-Roy Williams , # 75-Derek Ross , # 186-Zuriel Smith . TRADE DOWN Cowboys traded up to # 63 to take Antonio Bryant and # 129 Jamar Martin , sending Chicago # 72-Roosevelt Williams , # 104-Alex Brown , # 140-Bobby Gray . TRADE UP 2001 : Cowboys traded # 37-Idrees Bashir to Colts for # 52-Chris Chambers and # 81-Kenny Smith . TRADE DOWN Cowboys trade # 52-Chris Chambers to Dolphins for # 56-Tony Dixon and # 122-Markus Steele . TRADE DOWN Cowboys trade for pick # 53 Quincy Carter by sending the Saints # 70-Sedrick Hodge and # 81-Kenny Smith . TRADE UP 2000 : Dallas traded 2000 first round pick # 19-Shaun Alexander , 2001 first round pick # 7-Andre Carter to the Seattle for Joey Galloway . TRADE OUT They also traded pick # 80-Darrell Jackson to Seattle for James McKnight . TRADE OUT
Summary of Campo/Jones : We really do n't think Dave Campo was involved in the drafting , so this might have been more the `` Jones and Larry Lacewell '' era . Wow . To see it all on paper again is tough to read . This is where things really started spiraling out of control as Jerry went `` all in '' on the Galloway trade . In fact , they went so crazy that we really forgot about the overpayment for James McKnight with the SAME TEAM ! Then , the targeting and drafting of Quincy Carter and Antonio Bryant in which neither guy was what you hoped they were and then finally a very impressive job trading back in 2002 for 3 picks to just fall back 2 slots to take the guy you truly wanted . Pretty crazy reviewing these drafts and the gutting of the Galloway trade which set the 2001 trade back initiative into motion . What is truly nuts is that the Galloway trade did not scare them off the Roy Williams idea in 2008 . ===== Chan Gailey/Jerry Jones Era : 1999 : No Trades 1998 : No Trades Summary of Gailey/Jones : about as non-descript an era of the Cowboys history as we can find . The only notable footnotes of these 2 drafts would be the Randy Moss/Greg Ellis decision which has been discussed pretty thoroughly by now . =====
Barry Switzer/Jerry Jones Era : 1997 : Cowboys trade with the Eagles to get # 22-David LaFleur and send away # 25-Jon Harris , # 155-Luther Broughton , 1998 third round pick # 70-Brian Alford . TRADE UP They then trade # 54-Kevin Abrams to Lions for # 65-Dexter Coakley and # 101-Antonio Anderson . TRADE DOWN 1996 : Cowboys trade Washington Pick # 30 - Andre Johnson for # 37-Kavika Pittman and # 67-Clay Shiver . TRADE DOWN Cowboys get pick # 49-Randall Godfrey from Miami in exchange for # 60-Michael Cheever and # 99-Phillip Daniels . TRADE UP 1995 : Cowboys trade Tampa Bay pick # 28 - Derrick Brooks for # 41-Ronald Davis and # 63-Shane Hannah . TRADE DOWN Cowboys trade Atlanta pick # 41 - Ronald Davis for # 46-Sherman Williams and # 110-Eric Bjornson . TRADE DOWN 1994 : Cowboys trade for pick # 23 - Shante Carver from San Francisco ( also receive pick # 217 ) for # 28-William Floyd and # 62-Tyrone Drakeford . TRADE UP Summary of Switzer/Jones Era : This was certainly a very active era where the Cowboys were constantly doing something in these 4 drafts . In the end , the trades up and trades back seem to cancel each-other out in number - but do n't be fooled . The quantity is out-weighed by the details . The 1995 passing on Derrick Brooks for what amounts to Sherman Williams , Shane Hannah , and Eric Bjornson seems crazy . Also , the amount of heaven and earth that was moved to get Troy Aikman their new tight end in David LaFleur should not be under-rated , either . And in 1994 , sending a 1st and 2nd to get Shante Carver is a bit cringe worthy , too . =====
In a day and age where studies continue to prove that the only way to win in the long term is by trading down ( see those studies here and here ) this should show that aside from Bill Parcells being here and doing just that , every other Cowboys draft room of the modern era seemed to err on the side of giving more than they received -- although this current group seem pretty well-read . Resist the urge to instinctively shrug off sending a 3rd round pick away to move up 4 spots in the 1st . It is a move that the winning organizations almost never make .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham 's Commonwealth Games hopes have been thrown into jeopardy after the city 's bid for the 2022 event was labelled 'not fully compliant ' .
Brum was the only city to submit a bid before the original deadline of September 30 , and a win looked like a done deal .
But the Commonwealth Games Federation announced today that it has now extended the deadline to November 30 to “ enable fully compliant proposals .
The bombshell news throws a huge question mark over the city 's hopes of landing the Games , despite some praise from Louise Martin , Commonwealth Games Federation President .
They said : “ I must congratulate the Birmingham bid team for the work that has been undertaken in preparing a comprehensive proposal for 2022 .
“ We have carefully reviewed the bids and updates received as part of the ongoing 2022 Candidate City Process and have agreed - noting the challenging time-scales and no fully compliant bid - that further time should be given to all interested parties to enable the submission of fully compliant proposals . ”
Paul Blanchard , Chief executive of Commonwealth Games England , said that there had been a ‘ huge effort ' to put a bid together in such a short time .
They told the BBC : `` We 've always said that even though Birmingham was the only city to submit a bid there would still be a few hurdles to clear before a decision was made on formally awarding the Games . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Blanchard added the team will , as planned , “ will be working with the Commonwealth Games Federation closely over the coming weeks to demonstrate that Birmingham would stage a world class Commonwealth Games in 2022 ” .
Potential bids from Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia and Victoria in Canada had run out of steam in recent weeks through the failure to secure funding .
In contrast Birmingham 's bid won the backing of the Government which agreed to cover 75 per cent of the total funding - estimated to be between £600 million and £750 million .
A spokesperson from Birmingham 2022 said : “ Birmingham worked closely with the DCMS to present a compelling and low risk bid for the city to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games .
“ This was delivered within a very tight , but pre-agreed time frame because of the proximity of the 2022 Games and this was communicated to all interested parties .
“ We expected a period of discussion and negotiation with the CGF following submission and we await further clarification from the CGF about the next steps . ”
German chancellor Angela Merkel said Turkish leaders should open talks with opponents and the European Union after a narrow referendum victory , while the French government urged president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan not to use the result to bring back capital punishment .
Merkel said both Germany and the EU will be seeking guidance from Erdoğan on the consequences of the vote while calling on the Turkish leader to act with “ responsibility ” .
There needs to be talks about these issues as soon as possible with Turkey
Emmanuel Macron , the frontrunner to become France 's next president next month , said they see no prospect of Turkey 's EU membership bid advancing in the near future .
Checks and balances
Erdoğan on Sunday won support from 51.4 per cent of Turks for a package of constitutional changes that increase the powers of their office , and their supporters are demanding they use the result to bring back the death penalty . The Council of Europe , which Turkey belongs to , raised concerns that the changes may weaken checks and balances on the president .
“ There needs to be talks about these issues as soon as possible with Turkey on a bilateral basis , as well as between Turkey and European institutions , ” Ms Merkel and German foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Monday in a joint statement . The tight outcome “ means the Turkish government and president Erdoğan personally need to take on a great responsibility ” , they said .
Police pressure
Tana de Zulueta , the head of mission of the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) , said on Monday that some of Erdoğan 's opponents were subjected to police pressure during the campaign and that freedom of expression was restricted , leading to an “ unlevel playing-field ” .
The French foreign ministry called on Turkey to respect the European Convention on Human Rights , which prohibits capital punishment , and said it would be assessing the OSCE 's conclusions . The ministry also echoed Germany 's call for Erdoğan to open up dialogue with opposition groups within Turkey .
There will be no advance in Turkey 's EU membership in coming years
Belgian foreign minister Didier Reynders said bringing back the death penalty would end Turkey 's chances of joining the EU , in comments reported by the Belga news agency . Macron , battling to hang on to their advantage before the first round of France 's presidential election on Sunday , said they see little chance of Turkey 's candidacy succeeding in any case .
“ There will be no advance in Turkey 's EU membership in coming years , ” Macron said in an interview with RMC radio .
Accession
EU rapporteur on Turkey Kati Piri , the lawmaker tracking developments in Turkey for the EU parliament , said before the result that the constitutional changes proposed would lead to the 28-nation bloc breaking off talks on Turkey 's accession if they were implemented without revisions , and suggested the vote had n't given a fair chance to Erdoğan 's opponents .
EU Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker , also commenting before the result , said they would also analyse the independent observers ' assessment of the referendum and that the result will shape the EU 's approach to Turkish membership talks .
“ The tight outcome of the referendum shows how deeply split Turkish society is , ” Ms Merkel and Mr Gabriel said . “ The German federal government expects the Turkish government to seek respectful dialogue with all political and societal powers in the nation after a tough referendum campaign . ”
– ( Bloomberg )
by Melissa Unger
RATON — It 's that time of year again ; the air is cooler , the sky seems bluer , and the leaves begin changing colors and stunning us with their vibrant reds , oranges and yellows . Here in our neck of the woods , it is a great time to take a leisurely drive up to Sugarite State Park or on Highway 555 up towards the Vermejo Park Ranch to see the changing colors . We invite you to come and enjoy the views , the weather and these October events ! October 7 , get your running shoes on and join us on a one , three , or five-mile walk/run for Domestic Violence Awareness Month at Ripley Park . Registration is at 8:30 in the morning , the walk begins at 9 am . Following the walk/run at Ripley Park is Raton 's 3rd Annual Pet Fest , which will be broadcast live by KRTN , and is set to feature music , vendors , horse and buggy rides , as well as a pet show , blessing of the animals , live and silent auctions , and crafts until 4 pm .
A week later , you can visit Historic 1st Street between Cook and Park Ave between 11 am and 6 pm for Raton 's first Oktoberfest , put on by Raton MainStreet . Enjoy music , vendors , and brews from Colfax Ale Cellar and Red Door Brewing Company . Admission into the beer garden is $ 10 , and you get a free mug ! The great music does n't stop there . At 6:30pm , take a short walk around the corner to the Shuler Theater and enjoy this year 's Country Showdown , where artists compete to go to Nashville for the national competition , admission is free !
As the rest of the month progresses , we get closer to Halloween and a car show where you can enter your car , motorcycle or bicycle . The entry fee is a couple bags of candy so kids can enjoy a “ trunk or treat ” , just show up at the Raton Pass Inn , 308 Canyon Dr. at 10 am .
For more information on the October events , check out www.exploreraton.com and click on upcoming events . There you can also see the lodging , food , and wonderful things Raton has to offer . You can either click on the Raton chamber 's link to the Week In Raton on this site , or go to www.raton.info and see the Week In Raton there . Did you know ? ? Raton has a very user friendly free app , the Explore Raton Mobile Town App . You can download it on your phone ( Android and iPhones ) and see events , specials , and business information . You can access this app via the Explore Raton website or search your app store , just plug in Explore Raton and hit the download button ! Be informed , get plugged in ! We also cater to those who are not technology savvy . You can get a hard copy of the Week in Raton Calendar at the Raton Visitor Center , the Raton Post Office , or the Author Johnson Library .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
CBS Local — A family 's toy review videos , starring their six-year-old son , has turned the youngster into one of the richest YouTube stars online .
Ryan , the star of Ryan ToysReview , finished in the Top 10 of Forbes ' highest-paid YouTube stars in the world this year . The six-year-old 's massively popular channel has reportedly earned $ 11 million in 2017 .
The channel has attracted a huge following of parents and children who watch Ryan test out new toys and give their thoughts on them . Ryan ToysReview started in 2015 when the boy was only four ; it now has over 10 million subscribers and their videos were reportedly viewed over eight billion times during the 12-month period Forbes was tracking them .
“ He loves Cars , Trains , Thomas and friends , Lego , Superheroes , Disney toys , open surprise eggs , play doh , Pixar Disney cars , Disney Planes , monster trucks , minions , playtime at the fun , family fun adventure and so much more ! , ” Ryan 's parents write on the family 's YouTube channel .
Ryan 's family says the child star was inspired by watching other children and programs on YouTube and wanted to join the party . “ One day , they asked me , ‘ How come I 'm not on YouTube when all the other kids are ? ' So we just decided — yeah , we can do that . Then , we took them to the store to get their very first toy — I think it was a Lego train set — and it all started from there , ” the boy 's mother said , via TubeFilter .
The family , who decided to keep their last name and location a secret for their son 's safety , says the show will only go on as long as Ryan continues to enjoy it . Once the youngster gets bored with their hit show , their parents say Ryan stop giving out the multi-million-dollar reviews .
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
A federal judge has allowed a civil lawsuit brought by the U.S. government against disgraced former pro cyclist Lance Armstrong to proceed , tossing aside Armstrong 's arguments that the case should be dismissed .
The Justice Department alleges in the lawsuit , made under the False Claims Act , that Armstrong , a seven-time Tour de France winner , defrauded the government by doping while sponsored by the U.S . Postal Service . The Justice Department declined to comment Tuesday .
U.S. cyclist Lance Armstrong in Le Vernet , France , in July 2015 . Stephane De Sakutin / AFP- Getty Images
From 2000 to 2004 , the Postal Service paid Armstrong 's team , the aptly named U.S . Postal Service Pro Cycling Team , a little more than $ 32 million , most of which went to Armstrong because they were the team 's star rider , according to court filings .
But the government is seeking damages nearing $ 100 million , about three times what USPS paid in sponsorships to the Postal Service Team during periods that fall within the False Claims Act 's statute of limitations .
Floyd Landis , a former teammate of Armstrong 's , initially filed the suit in 2010 , two years before Armstrong was stripped of their Tour de France titles and banned from professional cycling for life . Landis could receive as much as 25 percent of any potential damages
The Postal Service had previously paid the team about $ 10 million in a five-year sponsorship starting in 1995 . The government is n't seeking repayment for those funds .
The government 's case claims that Armstrong , their team 's owner — Tailwind Sports Corp. — and the team 's sporting director , Johan Bruyneel , violated the False Claims Act by taking payments from the Postal Service while `` actively concealing the team 's violations of the agreements ' anti-doping provisions . ''
Armstrong has argued that the government received substantial value from the sponsorship , citing in part the large chunks of broadcast coverage the team got while bearing Postal Service logos .
Armstrong 's attorneys did n't immediately return requests for comment , but one of their lawyers , Elliot Peters , told The Wall Street Journal : `` There is no actual evidence of any quantifiable financial harm to the government . ''
Either way , the wording in the ruling , filed Monday by U.S. District Judge Christopher Cooper , suggests that the Postal Service team 's success and the positive media exposure it provided may pose difficulties in winning full damages , primarily because it 's hard to determine market value for `` personal or professional services like those provided by the bicycle team . ''
The government , Cooper wrote , `` is not entitled to the return of all of its money , tripled no less , simply because it never would have sponsored a 'doping ' team . ''
The Border open athletic season continues with the staging of Selkirk Games at Philiphaugh on Saturday , writes John Slorance .
Main race on a full programme is the 110 metres handicap , which consists of nine heats .
Sprint back marker is Tom Holligan of Edinburgh AC , a previous winner at Philiphaugh .
Glyn Desport of Hawick , who won their home town games sprint last weekend from a handicap of eight metres , competes from 6.5 m this time .
Bidding for glory for Selkirk are the father and son team of Colin Bruce ( 15.5m ) and Craig Bruce ( 9m ) , plus Geoff Keen ( 15.5m ) and Craig Douglas ( 25.5m ) .
TLJT pair Emily Dagg and Greg Turnbull , who both reached the finals of 2017 's Earlston and Hawick Games sprints , go from marks of 19m and 5.5m respectively .
Other Border runners include Jedburgh twosome Iskan Barskanmay ( 8m ) and Scott Elliot ( 20m ) , Connor Gillan ( 8.5m ) , Fraser Neil ( 9m ) of Kelso , Hawick 's James Parker ( 6m ) and Philippa Robertson ( 20.5m ) , Rianna Sterricks of Leithenburn ( 22m ) and Samantha Turnbull of Peebles ( 22m ) .
Colin Welsh of Kelso ( 55m ) , Kobe Stevens of Moorfoot ( 60m ) , Langholm 's Ryan Milligan ( 105m ) , Dean Whiteford of Innerleithen ( 115m ) and the only lady runner of the race , Hawick 's Ishbel Inglis ( 385m ) , are among the Borders representatives in the 1600m handicap .
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts arrived for practice Wednesday in T-shirts supporting a suburban Indianapolis community rocked by last week 's school shooting .
Players and coaches wore the `` Noblesville strong '' shirts throughout their workout . Team employees pitched in by wearing them around the team complex .
Two people were injured in the shooting , including Jason Seaman , a teacher and former FCS football player who stopped the alleged shooter at Noblesville Middle School . Colts offensive lineman Joe Haeg said they knew Seaman because they squared off in conference play .
Seaman attended Southern Illinois and their college number , 91 , was on the shirts . Haeg attended FCS power North Dakota State .
More thunderstorms are expected to hit the region tomorrow .
According to the Met Office , thunderstorms will reach East Midlands at about 11am on Thursday .
Stock image .
The Met Office said : `` Thunderstorms are expected to move northwards into southern and some eastern parts of England during Thursday morning , with further heavy showers and thunderstorms developing across a wider area during the course of the afternoon and evening . Any thunderstorms over eastern England and the north Midlands will move through relatively quickly , but further south and west , they could become slow moving and lead to torrential rain in some places . There is the potential for 30-40 mm of rain to fall in an hour and perhaps as much as 60-80 mm in two-three hours . As well as this , frequent lightning and large hail are possible . ''
NewsOne
UPDATED : 11:51 a.m. EDT — A New details have surfaced hours after a pipe bomb exploded in the Times Square area of New York City on Monday morning .
The suspect was wearing “ a homemade pipe bomb , ” which detonated in a walkway at the Port Authority Bus Terminal , according to CNN . Three people were reportedly injured , including the suspect , who has been identified as Akayed Ullah , 27 . The Brooklyn resident from Bangladesh reportedly planned the ISIS-inspired attack . Just as a point , Bangladesh is not a country on Trump 's travel ban list .
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the attack .
Original story :
P
rayers up for New York City . According to published reports there was a pipe bombing in the Times Square area of Manhattan early this morning .
“ At least one person is injured and one person is in custody after a suspected pipe bombing in Manhattan , according to police . Multiple subway lines have been evacuated , and trains are bypassing Times Square and Port Authority , ” WPIX , a local New York station , reported . The NYPD 's Twitter account revealed the explosion was between subway lines . See below :
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave , # Manhattan . The A , C and E line are being evacuated at this time . Info is preliminary , more when available . pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS ( @ NYPDnews ) December 11 , 2017
Former New York City Police Commissioner Bill Bratton told MSNBC 's Morning Joe the suspect , who is in custody , is from Bangladesh , a male in their mid twenties and “ the act was being committed in the name of ISIS. ” The suspect reportedly had a pipe bomb . As of now , the attack appears to be a lone-wolf . Here is a video of the explosion :
BREAKING NEWS/VIDEO : FBI en route to Port Authority . Footage has been obtained of the moment explosion occurred . pic.twitter.com/z9pNHTOk7h — The Anon Journal ( @ TheAnonJournal ) December 11 , 2017
We will keep you updated as more info surfaces .
SOURCE : WPIX , MSNBC , CNN
SEE AlSO :
Coast Guard Academy Should Follow Air Force 's Example In Handling Racist Incident
John Kelly Ignores Slavery And Attributes Civil War To ‘ Lack Of Ability To Compromise '
By RUSSELL CONTRERAS , Associated Press
From public “ type-ins ” at bars to street poets selling personalized , typewritten poems on the spot , typewriters have emerged as popular items with aficionados hunting for them in thrift stores , online auction sites and antique shops . Some buys antique Underwoods to add to a growing collection . Others search for a midcentury Royal Quiet De Luxe — like a model author Ernest Hemingway used — to work on that simmering novel .
The rescued machines often need servicing , and fans are forced to seek out the few remaining typewriter repair shops .
“ I have n't seen business like this in years , ” said John Lewis , a typewriter repairman who has operated out of their Albuquerque shop for four decades . “ There 's definitely a new interest , and it 's keeping me very busy . ”
Renewed interest began around 10 years ago when small pockets of typewriter enthusiasts came together online , said Richard Polt , a Xavier University philosophy professor and author of “ The Typewriter Revolution : A Typist 's Companion for the 21st Century. ” Since then , the base of fans has dramatically grown , and various public events have been organized around the typewriter .
“ It 's beyond the phase where this is just a fad , ” Polt said .
It 's almost impossible to gauge recent typewriter sales . Almost all of the original manufacturers are out of business or have been bought out and become different companies . The Moonachie , New Jersey-based Swintec appears to be one of the world 's last typewriter makers , selling translucent electronic machines largely to jails and prisons .
But operators of thrift stores and estate sales say typewriters are some of the quickest items to go .
“ That 's part of the fun : the hunt , ” said Joe Van Cleave , an Albuquerque resident who owns more than a dozen typewriters and runs a popular YouTube channel on restoring the machines . “ Sometimes , like a little luck , you might find something from the 1920s in great condition . ”
Doug Nichol , director of the upcoming documentary “ California Typewriter , ” said the interest stems from “ digital burnout ” and people wanting a connection to the past . That interest seems to transcend age , they said .
“ Kids who grew up knowing only mobile phones and the computer are excited to see a letter typed with your own hand , ” said Nichol , who owns 85 typewriters . “ It 's a one-on-one interaction that does n't get interrupted by Twitter alerts . ”
In their film , set for release in August , Nichol interviews Hanks , who said they use a typewriter almost every day to send memos and letters .
“ I hate getting email thank-yous from folks , ” Hanks says in the film . “ Now , if they take 70 seconds to type me out something on a piece of paper and send to me , well , I 'll keep that forever . I 'll just delete that email . ”
Hank owns about 270 typewriters but often gives them away to people who show an interest .
One way the typewriter craze is growing is through organized “ type-ins ” — meet-ups in public places where typewriter fans try different vintage machines . Such events have been held in Phoenix , Philadelphia , Seattle , Los Angeles and Cincinnati .
During a recent type-in at Albuquerque soul food restaurant Nexus Brewery , around three dozen fans took turns clicking the keys of an Italian-made 1964 Olivetti Lettera 32 and a 1947 Royal KMM , among others .
Rich Boucher spent most of their time on a 1960s-era Hermes 3000 crafting poetry .
“ I have n't used a typewriter in forever , ” they said . “ This is a real refreshing way to spend a summer afternoon . ”
After finishing their work , Boucher grabbed their phone and sent a Facebook status update about the experience . They then started looking online for a Hermes 3000 .
“ That 's the typewriter I want , ” they said . “ I 'm going to find one . ”
___
Follow Russell Contreras on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/russcontreras
RALEIGH , N.C. ( AP ) — A deliberate effort to set money aside so North Carolina is prepared for natural disasters , revenue shortfalls and other state government emergencies is heading to the House floor .
The chamber scheduled debate Wednesday on legislation fashioned by a study committee that directs budget-writers to put money equal to 15 percent of predicted revenue growth into the state 's saving reserve annually . The reserve fund target will be set by state economists .
The bill also puts restrictions on how the reserve funds can be spent and how much can be used before supermajorities in the House and Senate are required .
Bill sponsors say it will get lawmakers and the governor in the habit of saving whenever tax collections grow . The saving reserve is currently just under $ 1.5 billion .
The Santa Maria City Council has voted to deny a permit to a national discount store that would have allowed the chain to occupy a downtown shopping space it already owns .
The council voted 3-2 Tuesday to deny an occupancy permit to National Stores Inc. DBA Fallas Discount Stores to move into a vacant building the company bought in March within the Downtown Specific Plan area at 201 Town Center West .
After debating the benefits of allowing another discount store into an area governed by the Downtown Specific Plan — approved in 2008 to re-establish downtown Santa Maria as a “ destination ” and to attract outsiders to the region — a slim majority of council members directed staff to continue the matter to the Aug. 6 regular meeting so city staff could draft a resolution denying consent , according to Larry Appel , director of community development .
Mayor Alice Patino and Councilmen Bob Orach and Willie Green supported the denial , while Jack Boysen and Terri Zuniga were opposed .
A permit was required because the 85,900-square-foot shopping center space , which formerly housed Mervyn 's , has been vacant since 2008 , and is much larger than the 5,000-square-foot threshold that requires council consent , according to the downtown plan .
A presentation from city staff explained that six stores selling discount goods already operate within the downtown plan area , with 41 total throughout Santa Maria .
City Manager Rick Haydon said Fallas had already undertaken some minor tenant improvements in the space , and had planned to open as soon as possible , or at least by fall back-to-school shopping season .
“ Without the permit , Fallas can not operate in the store , despite their ownership and significant improvements that they have completed , ” Appel told Noozhawk .
City staff on Tuesday said the store , located across Broadway from the Santa Maria Town Center , would have created 80 to 100 new jobs and generated more than $ 50,000 annually in sales tax revenue .
Council members also considered — but opted against — an option that would have established a 45-day moratorium period , during which city staff would have compiled a more extensive background on the impact and benefit of bargain stores for final decision at a later date .
Had the council approved the permit , Fallas would have been forced to comply with conditions established by the City Planning Commission , including an expectation of cleanliness and general maintenance .
The two-story building has been vacant since 2008 , when Mervyn 's closed after 20 years in the space .
Since then , the space has remained empty except for one-time use by Closeout Club and seasonal use by Halloween City , according to the city .
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Linden Guinness ‘ Greatest of the Streets ' Competition… Champs Dave & Celina rebound to hammer Amazings – Russians , Silver Bullets also win
National and Zone champions Dave & Celina All Stars , who suffered a penalty shootout loss on opening night , rebounded in emphatic style to inflict a 5-0 hammering on Amazings in the third night of action in the Linden segment of the Guinness ‘ Greatest of the Streets which continued on Sunday , at the Mackenzie Market Tarmac .
Mortimer Giddings- and Tyriq McAllister led the rout with a Guinness goal apiece netted in the 18th and 20th minutes respectively , while Stephon Tappin 's 12th minute strike had given them the lead .
Another team that recovered from a first round defeat to register a win was Assassa Ballers , who played impressively to beat Team 25 4-1 thanks to two Guinness goals off the boots of Kester Randolph , while Silver Bullets , courtesy of a brace from Omar Williams romped to a comfortable 2-0 win over Next Level to continue their unbeaten run .
Amelia 's Ward Russians also remained undefeated after outlasting Hard Knocks 2-1 in an entertaining encounter , while Quiet Storm edged Cherokee Park 1-0 in a penalty shootout after their clash ended in a 0-0 stalemate .
High Rollers Quelley Andries hit in a pair in the 8th and 10th minutes to condemn the much fancied Wisroc to a 2-1 defeat .
The winning team will take home $ 400,000 and a trophy along with an automatic berth in the national playoffs , while second , third and fourth place finishers receive $ 150,000 , $ 100,000 and $ 75,000 along with trophies respectively .
The Plate final carries a top prize of $ 50,000 .
The other sponsor on board is Colours Boutique of Robb Street .
The competition resumes tomorrow evening with six more games at the Silver City Hard Courts .
MIAMI ( WSVN ) - Despite classes being out for the summer , children in Miami-Dade County are still receiving free lunches .
As of Monday , nine Miami-Dade public schools were allowed to give free lunches to students during the summer due to a grant given to the county .
The selected schools include :
Florida City Elementary
Citrus Grove Elementary
Broadmoor Elementary
Frances Tucker Elementary
Rainbow Elementary
Pine Lake Elementary
Gateway Environmental K-8 Center
M.A . Milam K-8 Center
Benjamin Franklin K-8 Center
“ We have opened mobile sties like this one at Citrus Grove Elementary where the school may not have a camp , but we are bringing meals to the community so the children can eat , ” said Olga Botero of the Department of Food and Nutrition .
The department 's food trucks serve nutritious lunches to children under 18 years old . The lunches must be eaten on the participating schools ' campuses .
Throughout the school year over 70 percent of Miami-Dade students rely on free or reduced lunch programs .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Now Uber is back , and its controversy is not going away either anytime soon . The reformed Uber positions itself as a `` ride-matching '' service that connects customers with drivers from more than a dozen local car rental companies , including taxi operators . the new service sees the fare set by the drivers ' companies , which calculate it according to the traffic conditions at the time.Using an Uber ride mobile app . the fare from Taipei City Hall to Taipei Train Station shows as NT $ 164 , around the same as a taxi , but at first there is no available car . Uber has re-emerged in the marketplace with a new model and both passengers and drivers are maintaining a 'wait and see attitude'.==PASSENGER==If the price is n't lower than before then I would n't take it , as taxis are more convenient==PASSENGER==I will still use it , as its more convenient==FORMER UBER DRIVER==If you ca n't drive your own car , then it costs a lot more , so as drivers we are less willing to do it.Uber 's new model offers a platform . After passengers call , the companies that Uber partners with are shown , and passengers can then choose their car . However , the MOTC thinks that rental car companies should bill on an hourly basis so a short hop trip passenger does not come under the scope of the service , where journeys are under 30 minutes . The MOTC will require that this changes , and so the rental companies are unhappy.==WANG SHI-CHANG Chair , Taipei Passenger Car Rental Association==People who call our cars want both long and short journeys , we do n't limit them , if today rates were set by time , if I happen to have a short journey of five or ten minutes , then that 's illegal.The MOTC said that according to current regulations , car rental companies ' service was set by the hour , but had no lower limit , which was ambivalent and unclear . It would clarify the regulations and set a lower limit . A rental industry driver privately revealed , that after deducting company costs and the Uber platform , then the driver 's pay , the passenger 's fare may not be any cheaper than a taxi , but the industry would wait and see what how new model operated.TRANSLATED BY：CLARE LEARUber昨天宣布，以全新模式重啟服務，與租賃車業者合作，提供民眾平台叫車，收費方式也從過去，里程計費，改為即時報價，不過交通部認為，租賃車是以，小時計費，如果行車時間，在30分鐘內的，短距離載客，逾越服務內容，對此租賃業者，相當不滿。登入手機Uber叫車平台，從市政府到台北車站，系統跳出報價，最便宜的車資是164元，與搭計程車差不多，但是第一時間卻叫不到車，Uber以全新營運模式重返市場，消費者和司機似乎都還在觀望。==消費者==如果他的價錢 沒有比原來的低就應該不會搭因為計程車其實比較方便==消費者==還是會搭 還是會搭就是有一些比較方便的地方==前Uber駕駛==如果不能開自己的車子那就是會多了額外很多的費用那會影響到我們駕駛的意願Uber新的營運模式是提供平台媒合，消費者叫車後，會顯示出Uber合作的租賃業者報價，民眾可以選擇不同車行，不過交通部認定，依法租賃車業是以小時計費，如果低於30分鐘的載客恐怕逾越服務內容，將會要求限期改善，反倒引起租賃業者的不滿。==台北市小客車租賃商業公會理事長 王世璋==他叫我們的車子一定有長途跟短途但是我們就是沒有設限啊如果今天 如果是以所謂的小時計算的話那我今天我剛好有事情我想坐五分鐘 十分鐘這個算違規嗎交通部表示，現行法令規定，租賃業者服務以小時計費，但沒有下限規定，確實有模糊空間，未來會釐清法令並明訂下限，有租賃業者私下透露，扣掉成本與Uber平台抽成後，再付費給司機，消費者需支付的費用，不見得比搭計程車低，還要觀望新模式的營運效果。
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
1 . On the attack
Tony Pulis started with Nacer Chadli and James Morrison as they sought the creativity that would open up Hull .
However , the pair found themselves defending for much of the first period .
And when they were in possession , they were both pretty poor , particularly first half .
Pulis delivered another statement of attacking intent when they went with two up top midway through the second period with Hal Robson-Kanu partnering Salomon Rondon .
The change did not have a direct impact on the flow of the game , but certainly made a difference to the score line with Albion edging in front a minute after Robson-Kanu was introduced .
2 . Making home advantage count
Albion developed a habit of playing poorly and with a lack of ambition and dynamism against lower half teams at home last season .
On their own patch , Albion suffered defeats to Bournemouth , Watford and Norwich and also failed to beat Swansea and Aston Villa .
It 's a very different story this season .
Albion have now collected 16 points from their six home games against teams in the bottom half .
With Sunderland , Stoke , Bournemouth and Crystal Palace next up at the Hawthorns , Albion will be confident of picking up many more points between now and the start of March .
3 . Nyom will be sorely missed
Many felt Allan Nyom , overlooked at Watford , was signed simply as back-up for Craig Dawson at right-back .
He 's becoming a whole lot more than that .
And not because all bar one of their starts have been at left-back .
Because they are so integral to the defence .
After nearly getting sent off on the south coast , Nyom was dropped for tactical reasons but demonstrated great versatility to slot seamlessly into a three-man defence after Jonny Evans went off injured .
Robust , rangey and authoritative , Nyom solidified the Baggies back line .
He 'll be badly missed if , as expected , they are whisked off against their wishes to the Africa Cup of Nations with Cameroon .
4 . Phillips among the country 's chief creators
Even when Albion were missing fluency in the final third , Phillips was the one man who offered hope of a comeback .
In open play , they always looked like they had the beating of Harry Maguire and Ahmed Elmohamady .
At set-pieces , their right foot is majestic and keeps on hitting , at speed , the areas Albion 's big men just love to attack .
Phillips now has eight assists to their name this season , nine if you include their free-kick in the EFL Cup defeat at Northampton .
That 's more than the likes of Adam Lallana , Alexis Sanchez , Mesut Ozil , Christian Eriksen and Dimitri Payet .
Only Manchester City 's Kevin De Bruyne has created more Premier League goals .
A £5 million acquisition from QPR , Phillips is turning into the Premier League 's bargain of the season .
5 . A win for the Celts
Pulis makes no secret of their preference to sign and play British players .
British players make up much of their squad .
And it was a Celtic quartet that undid Hull .
Northern Irish duo Chris Brunt and Gareth McAuley grabbed the goals that turned the game around .
Both were teed up by Scotland international Matt Phillips , whose compatriot James Morrison netted the goal that wrapped up the points .
Teenage boy at Canyon Ridge High School graduation pretends to shoot people in crowd Video taken at the Canyon Ridge High School graduation ceremony appears to depict a teenage boy standing in the bleachers with an umbrella pretending to shoot people . The video has sparked concern in the community about the teen 's behavior . Joesph Simon Aggregated by Kelsey Grey and Nicole Blanchard ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Video taken at the Canyon Ridge High School graduation ceremony appears to depict a teenage boy standing in the bleachers with an umbrella pretending to shoot people . The video has sparked concern in the community about the teen 's behavior . Joesph Simon Aggregated by Kelsey Grey and Nicole Blanchard
Sign up for Meridian 's Free Newsletter , please CLICK HERE
The following is an excerpt of the book , ‘ Side by Side : Supporting a Spouse in Church Service ‘ by JeaNette Goates Smith .
Do you know children who believe that moms never get sick ? They think it 's against “ The Plan ” for mothers to get sick ! Many mothers work hard to live up to this “ plan. ” Moms , it seems , ca n't afford to get sick . “ If I got sick , ” one mom defends herself , “ then who would take care of the kids , the house , the homework , the laundry . . . ? ”
Moms who do n't often get sick are not just lucky . They take great care not to get sick . They are religious about getting enough sleep . They wash their hands assiduously so they do n't contract germs . They close their eyes and turn their heads when someone sneezes so they do n't catch a cold ( cold germs enter the eyes as frequently as the nose or the mouth ) . The virus-resistant mom is not trying to be rude , but they truly ca n't afford to be sick . They feel obligated to take care of herself . They must stay well so they can attend to all their many responsibilities ! You may be one of these health-blessed mothers with the same sense of obligation . Were you to get sick , who would assume all your responsibilities ?
As a servant of the Lord , staying physically healthy is not your only obligation . In addition to staying physically healthy , you must stay spiritually healthy and emotionally healthy . It 's obvious that you ca n't serve effectively if you are sick in bed . It 's easy to see that you ca n't bear to others a very strong testimony if your testimony is weak .
Equally vital is the necessity of maintaining your emotional health . How can you be a resource to others if you are not emotionally healthy yourself ? How can you encourage the discouraged , or uplift the downtrodden , if you are dragging your chin on the concrete ? In order to effectively serve in the Lord 's kingdom , you need to be physically , spiritually , and emotionally healthy . Those who are willing to serve will want to stay healthy so they are able to serve .
Keeping Your Own House in Order
In my practice I used to work with a Latter-day Saint family who prided themselves in assisting others . The wife could spot trouble a mile away , and they were always the first one on the scene to assist the troubled and downtrodden . One time this helpful family fellowshipped a single sister in their ward who , along with their three children , was in danger of being evicted from their unsanitary apartment . The helpful wife spent two days scrubbing and scraping until the apartment was clean enough to pass inspection . In the meantime dirty laundry piled up in their own home , chicken bones collected under their own kitchen table ( literally ! ) , and their four elementary-aged schoolchildren were left to watch over themselves . This dear sister was “ robbing Peter to pay Paul. ” Them attempt to assist others left their own family bereft and suffering .
You can make the greatest contribution to the Church and to your community when , first and foremost , you make sure your own house is in order . Once you are certain your own home is in relatively good order , and you still have resources to give or to share , it is appropriate , even mandatory , that you offer service to your fellowman .
Elder Neal A. Maxwell has said , “ When , for the moment , we ourselves are not being stretched on a particular cross , we ought to be at the foot of someone else 's ” ( “ Endure It Well , ” Ensign , May 1990 , 34 ) . We all crave opportunities to serve , but we ca n't give when we are stretched on our own crosses . We must have the capacity to serve .
This does not mean your own home needs to be perfect before you give . None of us is perfect , and no home stays in perfect order for very long . You only need relative calm in your own life in order to have the capacity to reach out to others . Should your life be filled with storms , or as Elder Maxwell says , should you be stretched out on your own cross , your priority should be to put your own house in order .
The principle of service is a true principle . But so is the principle of self-reliance . You must take care of your own health—spiritual , physical , and emotional—to have the capacity to attend to someone else 's health . In the event of the loss of an airplane 's cabin pressure , adults are encouraged to place an oxygen mask on their own face before placing a mask on the face of a child . Similarly , you must make sure you are healthy first in order to have the resources to help others .
There is a sequel to the story of the helpful sister who cleaned the unsanitary apartment . Eventually the family with the unsanitary apartment was evicted from that apartment , and they found themselves temporarily homeless . ( My helpful client had provided fish instead of teaching the family to fish . ) In light of the homelessness of this messy family , my client invited the family of four to come live with their family in their home . For three weeks a house that was built to hold six people held ten people . The homeless family brought their untidy habits to their temporary abode and imposed on my client until they began to tear their hair out—literally . They came into therapy an emotional wreck . It took twice as long to get them back on track as it would have before the homeless family derailed them
Many of us have been confused by the expression , “ Go the extra mile. ” Many feel that it 's not good enough to simply prepare a thoughtful lesson—they must prepare a thoughtful lesson with visual aids and handouts and centerpieces and multi-media . This concept , that we must “ go the extra mile , ” can cause much needless stress .
The misnomer that we are not giving enough unless we “ go the extra mile ” likely occurred due to the wording of the King James Version of the Sermon on the Mount . Matthew 5:41 reads , “ And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile , go with them twain. ” This implies that merely responding to a call to serve is insufficient . This implies that one must do more than is asked .
In the Joseph Smith translation of Matthew the same verse reads , “ And whosever shall compel thee to go a mile , go with them a mile ; and whosoever shall compel thee to go with them twain , thou shalt go with them twain ” ( Holy Scriptures [ Independence , Mo . : Herald Publishing House , 1991 ] , 890 ; italics added ) . The inspired translation does not encourage us to travel a shorter distance . We are still encouraged to travel two miles when called upon ; however , it instructs us to respond directly to the call to serve without feeling compelled to invent additional ways to be someone 's hero .
The Sermon on the Mount contains a wealth of valuable and inspired doctrine . The counsel to walk a mile , when called upon to walk a mile , and walk two when called upon to walk two , is consistent with the next verse in the sermon , “ Give to them that asketh of thee , and from them that would borrow of thee turn not thou away. ” In these verses our Savior was not teaching us to give more than is required . They were teaching us to give as much as is required . We are asked to give 10 percent of our income as tithing , not 12 percent , not 20 percent . The scripture instructs us to respond to the call as it is issued .
Giving more than is required of us can jeopardize our emotional health . Trying to do more than is asked , and more than is appropriate , can lead to discouragement and burnout . Those of us who diligently walk all the miles that we are asked to walk will still have iron calves ! We need not walk until we become emaciated .
WASHINGTON — To prevent a slowdown in mortgage application processing due to problems with the Internal Revenue Service 's income verification system , an industry group is urging the Treasury Department to allow lenders and servicers to use an alternative .
Problems with the IRS-managed Income Verification Express System , or IVES , have stoked concerns about delayed mortgage closings when volume picks up this spring .
The Consumer Mortgage Coalition wants the Treasury Department to allow mortgage lenders to access the National Directory of New Hires that is maintained by the Department of Health and Human Services to compensate for flaws with the IRS verification system .
To prevent a slowdown in mortgage application processing due to problems with the Internal Revenue Service 's income verification system , an industry group is urging the Treasury Department to allow lenders and servicers to use an alternative . Bloomberg News
This proposal would enable qualified mortgage lenders “ to pull the current and past year 's income information only from the NDNH database and transmit the information in an encrypted format ” to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac 's underwriting systems , according to a Jan. 31 letter that Anne Canfield , executive director of the coalition , sent to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and acting IRS Commissioner David Kautter .
`` Unlike the IVES system , the NDNH database also has current year income information to the past quarter , so underwriters would be able to verify mortgage applicants ' current and past year 's income within seconds , '' Canfield wrote .
`` We would like to stress that the information pulled from the National Directory of New Hires database would be limited solely to verifying the mortgage applicant 's income and only with the consumer 's signed consent . ''
Canfield also noted that many people in today 's economy have multiple jobs and sources of income .
`` Allowing a lender to verify the applicant 's consistent forms of income through the NDNH database will help to responsibly expand the credit box , thus enabling more first-time , low-to-moderate income borrowers to become homeowners , '' they said .
The Consumer Mortgage Coalition is also urging the Treasury Department to request funding from Congress so the IRS can upgrade its `` antiquated '' IVES system .
Sri Lanka is making efforts to achieve zero hunger and zero undernutrition , having launched a national review of food security and nutrition with the United Nations emergency food relief agency .
The review fulfils “ the country 's potential to feed its own people ” said the Executive Director of the UN World Food Programme ( WFP ) , Ertharin Cousin , who participated in the official launch during a visit to Sri Lanka .
“ This strategic review provides a framework for the partnerships across sectors that are vital to translate global aims into local actions , ” Ms. Cousin said .
The Executive Director praised all the Government officials with whom they met – including President Maithripala Sirisena – saying that they are “ clearly committed to developing sustainable food systems . ”
In addition to Government officials , Ms. Cousin called for partnerships with the private sector , civil society , academia , non-governmental organizations and the UN system .
The launch is part of Sri Lanka 's effort to reach the second Sustainable Development Goal ( SDG ) , which aims to end hunger , achieve improved food security and nutrition , and promote sustainable agriculture by 2030 .
During their visit , Ms. Cousin also travelled to Monaragala , one of the country 's poorest districts , to view WFP 's work to boost the resilience of vulnerable communities . They visited cash for work programmes involving organic home and community gardens and elephant fencing , designed to prevent the loss of lives homes and farms due to elephant-human conflict , which is likely to be exacerbated by the current drought .
According to the press release , WFP and the Government are planning to expand existing cash and food for work programmes to support farmers and rural communities who risk falling deeper into food insecurity because of the current drought , which means the upcoming Maha harvest could be the worst main agricultural harvest in decades .
( Source : UN News Centre )
This was a week of major political moves in Washington .
The most obviously political was the Senate 's passage of “ landmark ” immigration reform . It is landmark , no question of that . But no one gives it any chance of becoming law , which raises the question of why its passage really matters , except politically .
The answer is that when it comes to immigration reform , it 's all politics .
The Senate is passing major immigration reform because the Republicans got hammered among Hispanic voters in the last election , and the Republicans ca n't afford to turn their backs on demographics . The House wo n't pass it , because not all Republicans see things that way , which is why the Republican Party is in trouble . Or civil war .
So what happens is that Republicans in the Senate who ( think they ) are trying to save the party end up calling even greater attention to the fact that theirs is a party that needs saving . Who said politics was easy ?
The best politics this week were around the corner , at the Supreme Court . If you take the court 's two gay marriage cases and put them together , you have a simple rule : Leave it to the states . If a state wants to recognize same-sex marriages , the federal government will respect it . If a state does n't want to defend its law , we 're not going to save it .
Now , speaking as a law professor , I can tell you that neither of these cases purported to decide how the gay marriage issue should be resolved in this country , much less what the result should be . The ruling in the Defense of Marriage Act case did n't require the kind of elevated scrutiny applied in cases of race or gender . The states having decided , federalism as well as equality concerns allowed the court to strike down DOMA without reaching a decision on the constitutionality of conflicting state laws . And the 5-4 split on the standing issue in California 's Proposition 8 case was , ideologically speaking , a mish-mosh .
But if you put the two together , it is in many ways the perfect Washington compromise on an issue as to which there really is , on the merits , not much of a middle : You tend to be for gay marriage or against it . The old days when people would play word games by saying , well , they were for civil union but not civil marriage ? Those folks are all for gay marriage these days . For or against .
But the Supreme Court created the perfect middle ground . You want gay marriage ? Vote for it . You do n't want it ? Vote against it , or pass a constitutional amendment that you 're willing to defend . No more acts of Congress . Congress is out of the gay marriage business .
As for the states , there will be challenges . And some appeals court somewhere may hold , one of these days , that a ban on same-sex marriage is itself unconstitutional . Then the court may face the issue . But between now and then , the action is out of the courts and out of Washington ; states will reach different conclusions ; I 'll have an answer when cynics ask why politics matter , because they will ; and the Supreme Court justices can have much calmer vacations .
In the short run , of course , many proponents of gay marriage are disappointed that the court did not reach the merits of the California case , which would not have been the same as the merits in a state that never granted and then revoked the right to marry in any event .
But civil rights litigation often proceeds best in steps , which is what the late Thurgood Marshall so brilliantly understood . And this was a big one . If by the time the court sees the issue again there are 40 states that recognize gay marriage , it will be that much easier to take the final step .
— Susan Estrich is a best-selling author , the Robert Kingsley Professor of Law and Political Science at the USC Law Center and was campaign manager for 1988 Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis . Click here to contact them or click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are them own .
Munster 's regenerative season since that tragic October weekend in Paris travels full circle as they return to Stade Yves-du-Manoir this Saturday .
The rescheduled Champions Cup fixture means Rassie Erasmus 's side must play three European matches , two against Racing 92 and the other in Glasgow , over successive weekends but they enter this crucial period with a remarkable nine wins from 10 games .
The most recent win was a somewhat fortuitous 16-9 victory over Connacht at a sodden Sportsground on Saturday night . It came at a cost , however , as Tommy O'Donnell sustained an ankle injury .
“ It 's good where we are currently but we 're not stupid , we know what 's coming , ” said Erasmus . The 36-times capped Springbok flanker has proved time and again that they are anything but stupid .
The only blot on Munster 's copy these past three months was a late Owen Williams penalty that gave the Leicester Tigers an 18-16 victory at Welford Road . An understandable reversal considering the 38-0 thrashing handed out to the English club in Thomond Park the week before .
All three Irish provinces have been beaten , along with a historic win over the touring All Black Maoris , when O'Donnell was the captain in the absence of the Irish internationals . However , Erasmus is right in acknowledging the task ahead . Despite Racing 92 's terrible form in Europe , losing all three matches so far , they were largely crowned Top 14 champions last season due to their home supremacy .
And there is the Ronan O'Gara factor to consider .
“ You always bite yourself in the arse if you say something stupid here and now , but I just think we have a lot of potential , ” was the height of Erasmus 's praise at the end of a harrowing 2016 .
Young coach
“ I think while we are developing that potential as a group , as coaches we are young coaches . Felix Jones is a young coach ; they will make a lot of mistakes as they go on , the same with Jerry Flannery , the same with myself and the same with the players . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Still , the Guinness Pro12 table does not lie . Munster are top with 42 points , and a nine-two win-loss ratio , at the midway point of the campaign .
“ For me , it 's about trying to maximise our potential as players , management and a coaching team , ” Erasmus continued . “ I think we 're doing it . I 'm not saying at all that we 're going to win the league or definitely be champions , but as long as we can do that week on week we 'll turn into a good unit . ”
Connacht , in stark contrast , have experienced a steep decline since Pat Lam announced on December 5th that they would be leaving to coach Bristol next season .
Beating Wasps in round four has kept their prospects of reaching the Champions Cup quarter-finals alive . They are level on 13 points with Wasps and Toulouse , but defeats to Ulster and now Munster leave them eighth in the Pro12 table , 12 points adrift of fourth-placed Ulster .
Error from the officials contributed on Saturday . When Munster scrumhalf Duncan Williams was yellow-carded in the dying seconds and Dave Kilcoyne came back from the sin-bin , Jack O'Donoghue also returned to the fray to deny Connacht a numerical advantage .
“ The fourth official got it wrong at the end , we were playing against 15 men when it was supposed to be 13 , ” said Lam . “ We will leave that to the referee 's report . ”
Lam also confirmed that discussions were taking place with the IRFU to bring in short-term injury replacements after listing 25 unavailable players last Friday .
“ It 's just a fact that over half the squad is out and the academy boys are on holidays .
Dust ourselves off
“ We 've got to dust ourselves off – it looks like we 've lost a couple more – and just keep going .
“ Hopefully , there 's some light at the end of the tunnel with some injuries soon . We have disruption this week and boys will be heading off to camp , so it is what it is . We 've got to make the most of what we have . ”
Ireland camp in Carton House , until Wednesday , denies every province a chunk of players but it also provides a reminder of how close it is to Ireland 's Six Nations opener in Murrayfield on February 4th .
“ I will have a look at the Ireland plays , try and get back into the groove of that , ” said Leinster flanker Josh van der Flier following their disjointed 22-7 victory over Ulster at the RDS on Saturday night .
“ Then you are back into Leinster and you push the Irish stuff to the back of your mind , as we are back in with Leinster for Zebre . So it will be a strange week alright but it has to be done. ” Exciting times .
“ Very exciting . It 's massive . Especially leading up to the two European games , everyone wants to be involved so it is going to be incredibly competitive in training , not only with our opposition but among the squad . Everyone will be fighting for places . ”
Police say public not in danger after shooting in Schaumburg store parking lot
hello
Mark Black/mblack @ dailyherald.comYellow tape connected a pickup truck , an SUV and a police vehicle on Roselle Road near Wise Road in Schaumburg , as investigators worked the scene of a shooting Monday .
A man shot in a store parking lot in Schaumburg ran into rush-hour traffic before collapsing onto the street Monday evening , and investigators were still looking for the shooter later in the night , police said .
The man , who has not been identified , was shot in the chest outside the Walgreens on the 1100 block of Roselle Road off Wise Road about 5:20 p.m. , police said . Based on a preliminary investigation , the victim and another man had been in an argument before shots were fired , Sgt . Christy Lindhurst said . Police are looking for one or possibly two suspects , they said .
The victim , believed to be in their late 30s or early 40s , was taken to Lutheran General Hospital in serious condition , police said . An update on their condition was not available several hours after the shooting .
Investigators believe the men knew each other and the shooting was not random , Lindhurst said . Detectives have interviewed witnesses , canvassed the area and watched surveillance video , they said .
`` We 've determined that there 's not a danger to the public , '' Lindhurst said .
The shooting in broad daylight at a busy intersection surprised some residents . Danielle Johnson , a lifelong Schaumburg resident , was driving to dinner when they saw a man lying on Roselle Road near a green pickup truck . Only one police vehicle had arrived at the scene when they drove by , Johnson said .
`` My first reaction was , 'Oh my gosh , someone got run over , ' '' Johnson said . `` But that 's obviously not the case . ''
Johnson , who lives near the crime scene , said a shooting is unusual for the area .
`` It 's scary , '' they said . `` This is my neighborhood . ''
The green truck was involved in the shooting , Lindhurst said . A couple of hours after the shooting , a man got into the vehicle and drove away .
Roselle Road was shut down with yellow crime tape covering a broad swath of the area , from the Walgreens parking lot to a section of Jewel grocery parking lot across the street .
Sanju : Ranbir Kapoor ने खोला 11 साल बाद बड़ा राज , `` मैंने भी नशे के लिए ... '' | FilmiBeat
Ranbir Kapoor is basking in the glory of their latest release Sanju and the movie has already made a whopping Rs 167.51 Crore at the box office . The Sanjay Dutt biopic shows the actor doing drugs , including using injections to get high and during an interview with Deccan Chronicle , Ranbir Kapoor revealed that they too did drugs during their younger days , but has stopped all of that . They stated that he 's addicted to something which is worse than drugs now and wants to stop it .
`` I have tried drugs when I was in college and got into bad influence . But I realised that nothing will happen in life if I continue with drugs . When we did that section , I did a lot of research . Every man makes mistakes in their life . I am addicted to nicotine now and it 's worse than drugs . And I have addiction for sweets as well . ''
Twin brothers in Texas are faced with dramatically different life paths — after only one received a life-saving liver from a transplant list .
Devin Coats , 18 , is forced to prepare for a future without their identical twin , Nick , whose health declined to the point that a new liver could no longer save him , news station KHOU reported .
The brothers , who are from Slidell , were both diagnosed last year with stage 4 cirrhosis of the liver caused by a genetic mutation .
Each twin was placed on a list for the life-saving transplant , but only Devin received a call that they would receive a new organ .
“ Nick 's now in the dying stage , ” their mother , Margi Coats , told KHOU .
With their health in question , the family says they worry future memories — like watching the twins walking together at their high school graduation this spring — will be stolen from them .
“ Nick 's 18 years old , he 's a senior in high school , ” the mom told KHOU . “ And that was their big dream when their doctor asked what they wanted in life , they wanted to graduate . I see it 's not going to happen now . ”
Their brother , Devin , has struggled to accept each of their fates .
“ [ Devin 's ] trying to heal through this too , ” the mom said . “ He 's got their life and yet their brother does n't . It 's been very very hard for both of them . ”
Their mom has created a GoFundMe page for their medical bills since the family does not have life insurance . More than $ 5,000 had been raised as of Monday through the campaign .
“ Thank you all for following along on our journey of trials , truth and triumph , ” the mom wrote . “ We are going to stand and fight , and we know God is with us every step of the way .
By Charles Kumolu
LAGOS—A member of the House of Representatives Dr. Tony Nwoye has called on the Federal Government to quickly resolve the boundary dispute between Ezi-agulu Otu and Enugu Otu Aguleri communities in Anambra State and Ibaji/Odeke community in Kogi State to stop further destruction of lives and property .
Moving a motion titled : “ Need to Deploy Security Personnel to Stop Recurring Crisis Between Ibaji/Odeke and Eziagulu Otu and Enugu Otu Agularei Communities , ” they lamented that four people were injured while more than 15 farm settlements were destroyed recently .
Their words : “ The communities of Ibaji/Odeke and Ezi-agulu Otu and Enugu Otu Aguleri have been involved in crises over land and oil for several years . Several lives were lost , many were wounded and properties worth millions of naira were destroyed .
“ The communal crises occurred recently and have been ongoing for the past four days , leaving more than four persons with bullet wounds . More than 15 farm settlements were destroyed while houses were also destroyed . Economic activities in Onueke , Ogbuoka , Igozi , Anaovia , Ataja , Odubuenyi and its environs were disrupted . ”
The House , however , called on the National Security Adviser , Major General Mohammed Monguno , retd ; Chief of Defence Staff , General Gabriel Olonisakin ; Chief of Army Staff , Lieutenant-General Yusuf Burutai , and Inspector General of Police , Idris Kpotum to deploy security personnel to the affected communities .
It also mandated its committees on Defence , Army , and Police to ensure immediate implementation of the resolution .
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 ( 2 ) , 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 , 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours , 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros .
When it ended , Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson 's gave way .
Donaldson , who is ranked 57th , was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov 's serve . But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all .
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory , but Donaldson broke right back .
In the next game , though , Donaldson could barely stand , let alone move well .
They double-faulted . Then they tried an underhand serve — not their first of the match , either — and lost the point .
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge , Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover , and soon enough , it was over .
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago .
___
6:30 p.m .
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year .
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3 , 2-6 , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 against the Frenchman .
`` He was attacking every shot , '' Nishikori said . `` He has one of the best touches on the Tour , it was fun to play them and also a difficult match today . ''
___
6:15 p.m .
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket , too — before eventually collecting themselves and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6 , 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-1 , 6-2 in the French Open 's second round .
Zverev equaled their best showing at Roland Garros ; they also reached the third round two years ago .
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he 'll need to do something they never has at a Grand Slam tournament : defeat a player ranked in the top 50 . Zverev 's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur .
Lajovic lost their eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets .
___
5:10 p.m .
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years .
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6 , 6-4 , 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans .
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016 . They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women 's doubles at the England Club .
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months , winning their first-round match at Roland Garros . Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday .
___
3:50 p.m .
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open .
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday , but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned . Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 ( 5 ) , 7-6 ( 8 ) , 1-6 , 5-7 , 6-2 win .
`` At two sets all , it was difficult in my head , and physically , too , '' said Chardy , who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches . `` I fought hard , all my body was shaking . ''
___
3:25 p.m .
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament .
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar , the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-4 , 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time .
Djokovic , who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year , is the 20th-seeded player in Paris , their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open .
___
3:10 p.m .
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years .
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence , winning their first-round match at the French Open , they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister , Venus .
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan .
The American siblings , owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles , received a wild-card entry . They have n't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016 .
Serena Williams had n't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017 . They gave birth to a daughter last September .
___
1:20 p.m .
Marco Trungelliti 's long , strange trip as a French Open `` lucky loser '' has come to an end with a second-round exit .
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros , then drew headlines for making the 10-hour , 650-mile ( 1,000-kilometre ) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother , mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw .
They then won their first-round match .
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1 , 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours .
Still , Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros ( about $ 90,000 ) in prize money — and a great story to tell .
___
12:50 p.m .
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games , beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6 , 6-1 , 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open .
It was the last match of the tournament 's opening round .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , played poorly in the first set , with only four winners and 16 unforced errors . But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way , while Riske made more and more mistakes .
___
12:30 p.m .
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open , making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0 , 6-4 win on Court 1 .
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand , their playing hand .
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012 .
___
12:20 p.m .
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier , Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second , which they eventually took 6-1 .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , cleaned up their game in the second set , with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener . Riske , meanwhile , had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set .
___
12 p.m .
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open , losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set .
In their only previous meeting on clay , in Rome in 2015 , Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3 , 6-0 victory . But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time .
___
11:20 a.m .
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open , with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women 's first round .
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms .
Halep , a two-time finalist at Roland Garros , needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No . 1 ranking . They won both of their previous matches against Riske .
On the men 's side , 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round .
The second-seeded players in both the men 's and women 's draws , Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki , will also be in action .
___
More AP tennis coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JEFFERSON CITY , Mo . -- The resignation of Missouri Governor Eric Greitens means new vacancies at the state 's highest levels .
“ The Lt . Governor Parson becomes governor , and then it 's actually unclear , ” Dr. Beth Vonnahme , Chair of UMKC 's Political Sciences Department said .
“ In Article 4 , Section 4 the authority to generally appoint vacancies is given to the governor , but then in other parts of the constitution it gives them specific authority for certain offices , and the lieutenant governor is excluded , ” Vonnahme explained .
In past situations where the Missouri Lieutenant Governor has taken over the Governor 's office , the new governor will appoint a lieutenant .
“ The most recent case was in 2000 when Mel Carnahan died , Governor Wilson was in sort of ideal position in the sense that there had already been an election , so there was a lieutenant governor elect so there was just a few months period where there was that vacancy , so they simply asked Lieutenant Governor-elect Maxwell to start early , ” Vonnahme said .
In this case , with years to go until the next election , Parson does n't have that luxury .
“ We 're very far from an election so if the position is left vacant we 're talking about well over a year and a half or two year vacancy for that position and that does n't seem like a great plan , so I suspect the legislature will go along with Parson appointing somebody , ” Vonnahme said .
Not even the experts can speculate when that might happen , or who 's on Parson 's short list .
“ I assume it will be a non-controversial Republican , usually when you 're appointing somebody for these kinds of positions you do n't want to cause rancor within your own party so it 's going to be somebody who 's pretty much a typical party Republican , ” Vonnahme said .
One thing that is clear , is that this decision will affect Missouri politics for years to come .
“ For him , the question becomes , do they choose somebody who they want to set up to run for lieutenant governor in the next election , or do they want to run for governor in the next election , and if so , the sort of political maneuverings might come into play , ” Vonnahme said .
There has been legislation introduced in past years to try to amend the Missouri constitution and clarify the process of picking a lieutenant governor .
That legislation has failed repeatedly , most recently when it was introduced in february during the last legislative session .
Did you get a headshot taken by Jay Goldz at our exclusive networking event , Live After Five ! Click here to grab your official headshots !
Grab Your Official Headshots From Live After Five was originally published on Indyhiphop.com
Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott sits on the bench during the second half of an NFL football game at Lincoln Financial Field on Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 , in Philadelphia . The Eagles won the game 27-13 . ( Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News )
Look forward . That was the club 's approach to Sunday 's regular-season finale against Philadelphia . A team that secured the best record in the conference , a division title and a first-round bye 10 days earlier did n't exactly end the season with a thud at Lincoln Financial Field .
PHILADELPHIA -- A chance to secure the best record in franchise history was intriguing to the Cowboys , but ultimately unimportant .
It was more of a 27-13 whimper .
There 's no embarrassment in finishing with a 13-3 record . The Cowboys have won that many games only two other times .
But it 's not 14 wins , a total New England got to Sunday afternoon with a decisive victory over Miami .
`` That would have been nice to have , but the cost was really too high , '' owner Jerry Jones said of a 14-2 record . `` At the end of the day , it just was n't worth it . ''
Jason Garrett was fond of saying in the days leading up to the game that it would be all hands on deck against the Eagles . But the Cowboys head coach tied the hands of some of their key players and did n't let others take the field .
Rookies Ezekiel Elliott and Dak Prescott are both in the running for the NFL 's Most Valuable Player award . One did n't play at all , and the other was on the field for only 14 snaps . Four starters -- left tackle Tyron Smith , defensive tackle Terrell McClain and defensive ends Tyrone Crawford and DeMarcus Lawrence -- did n't make the trip .
Three other starters -- Elliott , left tackle Ron Leary and linebacker Sean Lee -- were in uniform but never got on the field .
Elliott declined to speak to reporters after Sunday 's loss . Lee did .
`` Any time against Philadelphia , you want to play , '' Lee said . `` You want to play with your teammates .
`` The coaches had a certain decision . Getting ready for the playoffs is our main concern . That 's what I 'm ready to do . ''
The majority of those who did n't play were managing injuries . But Elliott and Lee were healthy scratches . The decision was made that the NFL 's leading rusher and the team 's leading tackler are too important to the Cowboys ' success going forward to risk .
`` Correct , '' Jones said . `` No question about it . We were n't trying to even hide it .
`` He [ Elliott ] is young . They probably do n't need a lot of rest , but what we did n't want to have happened was them get a nick or something that would limit them over the next month . That ruled the day , avoiding some type of , not a major injury even , but one that might limit them in that first playoff game .
`` We certainly felt that same way with Sean Lee in terms of leaving nothing to chance . ''
Elliott and Lee will be healthy when the Cowboys host a divisional-round game at AT & T Stadium on Jan. 15 . Garrett anticipates every player who made this trip will be ready to go for that game .
`` We had different objectives coming into the game , '' Garrett said . `` There were going to be certain guys who were n't going to play this game because of injury . We held a couple of guys out . And then we had a plan for a few other guys about how much we wanted them to play . ''
Dr Fayemi Kayode , Minister of Mines & Steel Development and Gen. Babagana Monguno , National Security Adviser ( NSA ) , have directed an immediate closure of illegal mining sites in Plateau .
The duo gave the directive on Monday when they , in company of Gov . Simon Lalong , visited mining sites at Campania Zurak in Wase Local Government Area of Plateau .
They also ordered the arrest of staff of a mining company , including some Chinese nationals , and be taken to Abuja for interrogation .
According to them , the Federal Government has warned that it will no longer tolerate any act of sabotage on the nation 's economy .
Fayemi said that their ministry was responsible for issuing licences to mining companies and that the one operating in Zurak had not approached the ministry for a licence .
The minister said that the ministry was determined to check illegal mining in the country .
They said that doing such would boost the country 's revenue and contribute significantly to the diversification of the country 's economy .
Gov . Lalong said the measure marked the beginning of the fight against illegal mining on the Plateau .
Lalong said if the mineral deposits were properly harnessed , the state would not rely on federal allocation to survive .
According to him , Plateau is blessed with abundant minerals that can sustain the state economy .
Rep Idris Maje , ( Wase Federal Constituency ) , said the illegality had persisted for almost a decade with the aid of some security agents .
NAN
Shannen Doherty goes full-on mommy dearest in their new horror film “ BETHANY ” !
April 17 , 2017 - 12:33 pm
Comments Off on Shannen Doherty goes full-on mommy dearest in their new horror film “ BETHANY ” !
From witch , to bitch , Shannen Doherty has played their fill of memorable characters . If you 're my age you probably know them as the annoying little sister in GIRLS JUST WANT TO HAVE FUN , the bulimic bitch in HEATHERS , or , of course , the iconic Brenda Walsh in 90210 . Now , Doherty can add psychotic/abusive mother to that list in their new horror flick , BETHANY .
BETHANY , also starring Zack Ward ( A CHRISTMAS STORY , RESIDENT EVIL : APOCALYPSE ) and Tom Green ( FREDDY GOT FINGERED , CHARLIE 'S ANGELS ) , is the latest project from indie filmmaker James Cullen Bressack and one of the first horror films for Doherty . Though this role may be a far leap from their other films , Doherty completely dissolves into their character , offering up a stellar performance worthy of a repeat watch . Now , Doherty gives Fango readers an exclusive look into what it took to get into the mind frame of their darkest character to date .
FANGORIA : So how did you find yourself working on a horror film ?
SHANNEN DOHERTY : It 's definitely not my M.O . I 'm at a place in my life where if it does n't resonate with me in some powerful way , either pushing me as an actor or hitting a note within me that makes sense , then I just do n't want to leave my house . I just do n't want to be apart of anything I do n't really believe in anymore , and that 's more of a new thing to be honest . Before I always picked jobs that I really loved and did few money jobs , which will go on named . Also , it 's probably the fifth or sixth movie I 've done with James Cullen Bressack , and I guess we just love working with each other . We always have a really good time on set and they let me explore creatively and it was a fairly straightforward sort of work schedule . And , they like me . [ Laughing ]
FANGORIA : What was it about BETHANY that drew you into the story ?
SHANNEN DOHERTY : This was something very different and I had n't really ventured into the horror movie genre before . To me , yes it 's a horror movie but it 's just so psychologically interesting that I felt compelled to play Susan . And it was a challenge to be that vicious , to do the things that Susan did but also to find that vulnerability within them It was definitely one of those things where I 'm challenged and it 's really good and I should just do this .
FANGORIA : So , Susan is an extremely dark character . What did it take for you to get to where you had to be in order to play her ?
SHANNEN DOHERTY : For me I had to go into a very weird mind space . I 've never considered myself a method actor ; I 'm definitely not that because I do n't carry it with me on the weekends . But I think when you go into that sort of creepy space , that emotional space , you do get a little method . I think I let every wall down and building up to that , your mind set just has to go to some very dark , dark , unhealthy place .
FANGORIA : One scene in particular , which was hauntingly well done , was the scene where you 're looking into a mirror and just basically lose your mind . Can you talk about what it took to get that scene out of you ?
SHANNEN DOHERTY : You know , you 're looking in the mirror you 're berating yourself , berating how you look , and berating the fact that you 're getting old . Emotionally , that takes you on the journey that you need to go on for a scene like that and originally there was a lot of dialogue . James wrote it where I was staring at myself in the mirror and saying like a lot , a lot of stuff and that felt very uncomfortable to me . I do n't know many people who actually do , do that and even for Susan , I was just like , this feels so wrong . Then , on top of it all , it was right when I found out or maybe about a month or two after I found out I had cancer . So , I just had to go in there , look in the mirror and just convey , through emotion , what they wanted me to actually say . Forget the dialogue . Here 's again why I love working with James so much ; he 's so flexible and they also have a lot of trust in the actors . So they were like , I believe you can say it all with emotion , so let 's just go shoot it and do n't worry about any dialogue . It played and made it much more powerful .
FANGORIA : The film deals with some heavy psychological fears as well as the sort of eerie , supernatural horror . For you , which one is more terrifying ?
SHANNEN DOHERTY : Out of those two ? I was about to say , well there 's real life . [ Laughing ] But , probably more eerie . In real life , I 'm that girl where if one thing is off or if I hear a weird noise , I 'm so freaked out and usually hiding somewhere . I 'm not necessarily scared of the physically intimidating . I mean Susan came off as physically intimidating to their daughter , but people do n't necessarily scare me . I know people can be horrible and people can also be beautiful , but it 's more that eerie , oh my God the door creaks open and I 'm like , ahhh what 's happening ? It 's that that scares me the most . I actually do n't watch horror movies because I have nightmares for like weeks ; I can not watch them !
FANGORIA : Did anyone on set use that against you ; you know , play a prank or two and have a bit of fun ?
SHANNEN DOHERTY : No . [ Laughing ] No , you 've got James who 's just the sweetest man in the world and surrounded by such a great crew and I 've worked with these guys a bunch of times , so they all know me ; so nothing scary on set . Again , just to get into the character , it 's just a mindset and everyone was very respectful of that mindset . So it was like , there has to be some peace , there has to be some quiet so that way I can connect and Anna [ HARR ] can connect with me and James can connect .
FANGORIA : It seems like James had a huge impact over your experience of working on this film .
SHANNEN DOHERTY : You know it 's so , funny because I looked at them on the first day and I had this sort of grin on my face and I was like , yeah this is why I do what I do , I love it . James always reminds me of that and that probably is one of my biggest take-aways from the movie . They remind me of that every single day and inspires me to get back to doing what I love to do . It 's their way of saying , go fight Shan !
FANGORIA : If there 's one thing you learned from this whole experience , what would that be ?
SHANNEN DOHERTY : I think that the more raw and vulnerable I allow myself to be in my own life , the more raw and vulnerable I can be on camera . I tend to guard myself a lot , I 've been hurt and depressed and everything in between . Through all of it , I think that I had a thick guard up , a wall , but on BETHANY that wall was so taken down . And it was pretty devastating to be told I had cancer and it kind of stripped me bare and I 'm really thankful that it stripped me bare . It made me raw and vulnerable onset and in my character . I was able to be Fearless .
BETHANY is in theaters and on VOD now !
Check out the eerie trailer below :
Stay tuned here at FANGORIA.com for more on BETHANY and Uncork 'd Entertainment releases !
SALT LAKE CITY , UTAH ( Ivanhoe Newswire ) — Recently , a breast cancer surgeon at the University of Utah Hospital compared the cost of an intravenous drug they routinely ordered to a pill one of their colleagues ' orders . Using a software tool called value-driven outcomes ; they discovered their choice was ten times as expensive , with the same result . They immediately changed their practice . Here 's how the three year old V.D.O program is saving the hospital millions of dollars and improving patient care .
John Schneider was one of the first patients to get their knee replaced under the University of Utah Hospital 's value-driven outcomes , or V.D.O program . To improve their recovery and reduce costs , they got them moving hours after surgery .
“ Right after supper , one of the physical therapists came down the hall and said , ‘ John , you 're going to get out of bed . ' ” John explained to Ivanhoe .
Physical therapists now work evenings , because the V.D.O showed that starting rehab on surgery day saves as much as $ 700 a patient and improves recovery . V.D.O software analyzed 135 million rows of costs for billing , drugs , doctor and staff time , and medical devices for joint replacement , lab tests , and sepsis management . Doctors could now identify and compare true costs of care and saved seven to eleven percent in those areas .
Chris Pelt , MD , Chief Value Officer of Orthopedic Surgery at the University of Utah Health Care said , “ The cost curve in the United States health care always is on the rise . So to see a change of eleven percent going down in overall direct costs , which is pretty important , I think . ”
“ We are seeing that we are able to save literally millions of dollars year after year as we continue to sort of find more ways to leverage the data to lead to better care. ” Dr. Bob Pendleton , Chief Medical Quality Officer at the University of Utah Health Care stated .
Dr. Pendleton says the cost cutting is improving patient care as well , by standardizing practices .
Dr. Pendleton continued , “ Cost is an important part of the equation and one that 's necessary for our overall University of Utah Hospital 's economics . But this really is about better patient care . ”
The hospital is now working on putting 30 more clinical conditions into the V.D.O program .
Doctor Pendleton says the hospital has hosted leaders of academic medical centers who are trying to figure out how to apply principles of the V.D.O program at their hospitals and administrators from Singapore 's largest health care system visited and are implementing their own version of a V.D.O system .
Contributors to this news report include : Wendy Chioji , Field Producer ; Jason Ball , Photographer ; Roque Correa , Editor .
VALUE-DRIVEN OUTCOMES : A PROGRAM TO REDUCE HOSPITAL COSTS
REPORT # 2381
BACKGROUND : When it comes to healthcare , patients in the United States spend around 50 % more money than other patients in first-world countries . The U.S. spent an average of $ 9,000 per person in 2013 , which translated to more than 17 % of gross domestic product . One of the reasons health care is so high is due to administrative costs ; it is the highest in the world . Drug prices are also very high compared to other countries , and branding becomes a problem too . The U.S. government does n't have the power to negotiate prices of some drugs like other government 's do ; therefore , the prices are created by the manufacturer .
( Sources : http : //www.cnbc.com/2015/10/08/us-health-care-spending-is-high-results-arenot-so-good.html & http : //www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/080615/6-reasons-healthcare-so-expensive-us.asp )
THE STUDY : The University of Utah Health Care created a study program called VDO ( Value-Driven Outcomes ) in which the healthcare procedures are broken down into materials used and nursing time in order to bring prices down . Currently , the U.S. uses a system called fee-for-service in which payment models reward care volume over value . VDO utilizes alternative payment models where the physicians understand the cost ( not charge ) and outcomes for patients with defined clinical conditions . In order to put this study to the test , the researchers focused on three procedures that seemed to have a lot of inefficiencies : joint replacement , in-hospital laboratories , and sepsis management .
( Source : https : //www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/09/160913124549.htm )
HEALTHCARE 'S MOST WIRED : The University of Utah Health Care says “ for harnessing big data to understand actual costs and improve patient care , University of Utah Health Care has won a 2013 Innovator Award in the Health Care 's Most Wired competition , sponsored by H & HN Magazine ( Hospitals and Health Networks ) . ”
( Source : http : //healthcare.utah.edu/publicaffairs/news/current/07-25-2013_most_wired_2013.php )
NEW REGULATIONS : VDO allows physicians to change their game plan in order to keep prices down for their patients . Joint surgeries are normally correlated with high prices , but the VDO study showed that going with alternative procedures would keep the costs down with similar outcomes . Another example is the time patients stay in recovery . The faster the patient gets out of bed and leaves the hospital , the less costly it will be . With VDO , physical therapists have to be available at all times , so that the patient can start recovery right away ; sometimes even before the procedure . In the two years of the study , prices of joint surgeries fell down 10 % , where 30 % of those savings came from shorter times in the hospital . Lastly , 40 % of price reduction came from supplies . Administrators had the task to renegotiate contracts and made sure surgeons were using supplies that were in discount . Not only did price go down with VDO , but patient care went up as well ; from 54 % to 80 % . It was proven that patients were having fewer complications with the program .
( Source : http : //www.news-medical.net/news/20160914/New-value-driven-outcomes-program-makes-difference-in-healthcare-quality-and-cost.aspx )
* For More Information , Contact :
Robert Pendleton , MD , FACP
University of Utah Hospital
Robert.pendleton @ hsc.utah.edu
801-581-7822
Free weekly e-mail on Medical Breakthroughs from Ivanhoe . To sign up : http : //www.ivanhoe.com/ftk
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A gang attacked a man with a baseball bat in a terrifying robbery in Ilkeston .
The 43-year-old victim was walking along a pathway between Duke Street and Ebenezer Street when they were assaulted by a group of men .
The man was hit with a baseball bat and had their coat slashed by a sharp object before they were robbed of a quantity of cash .
They suffered serious injuries to their face and was taken to Queen 's Medical Centre in Nottingham .
( Image : Google Maps )
A 28-year-old man has been arrested and released under investigation .
Derbyshire police are appealing for information on the incident , which took place on Sunday , January 7 .
Detective Constable , Jennifer Casey said : “ We 'd like to hear from anyone who was in Duke Street or Ebenezer Street , or neighbouring areas , around the time of this incident .
“ We 're also keen to speak to anyone who may have CCTV footage covering this area . If you have any information you feel is relevant please call me on 101 , quoting reference number 180000 10622 . ”
Alternatively , send DC Casey a message online by visiting the Contact Us section of the force 's website www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us .
Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/18p1J
— The chief executive of pharmaceutical company Merck , which has a plant in Durham , said they are resigning from the President 's American Manufacturing Council , citing a `` responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
Kenneth C. Frazier released a statement through Twitter on Monday that said they were leaving the position . Frazier 's resignation comes two days after a protest of white nationalist in Charlottesville , Virginia , turned violent , ending with dozens of injuries and one death .
Without specifically naming the incident or President Donald Trump , Frazier said , `` America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal . ''
Frazier 's full statement :
`` I am resigning from the President 's American Manufacturing Council .
Our country 's biggest strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths , races , sexual orientations and political beliefs .
America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal .
As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience , I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremeism . ''
Trump , who is under increasing pressure to explicitly condemn the white supremacist and hate groups involved , lashed out almost immediately on Twitter , saying that because of the resignation , Frazier `` will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ''
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2017
Merck employs 1,600 people in Durham , according to the Greater Durham Chamber of Commerce , making it one of the 20 largest employers in the city .
Other executives who agreed to serve on councils advising the president have already resigned , citing separate stances taken by the Trump administration .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June , and two other advisory groups to the president , after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement . Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned from a White House advisory council for the same reason .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Football fans took to the streets of Ashby as England secured a place in the quarter-finals of the Russia World Cup following a nerve-jangling penalty shootout .
Partygoers lined Market Street dressed in red and white and chanting Three Lions as they paraded through the town . Passing motorists joined in the celebrations , pipping their horns to football chants .
Football fan Kelly Hickey from Ashby captured the celebrations on camera , and shared them to their Facebook page to show how many people were out having a good time after the match .
They said : `` It was a really good atmosphere ! It 's actually been happening after every match .
`` It has been great to see everyone come together , I just hope it stays safe . ''
( Image : Getty )
Police riot vans were seen in the area and officers were on patrol making sure everybody was safe . No trouble was reported in Ashby .
A spokesperson for Leicestershire Police confirmed the officers had been at the scene as part of a routine operation during the football celebrations but no major incidents were reported in the town .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
What suspended lawmaker , Jibrin told EFCC during their questioning
On Tuesday , the Economic and Financial Crimes Comission ( EFCC ) , grilled former Chairman of the House Committee on Appropriations , Abdulmumin Jibrin , for five hours at its head office in Abuja . Jibrin arrived at the premises around 10am , where they remained until 3pm , after which they were asked to leave , Punch reports . The lawmaker was asked to [ … ]
What suspended lawmaker , Jibrin told EFCC during their questioning
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
/ Front page / News
THE Fulton Hogan Hiways ( FHH ) has begun repairing both ends of the Wainibuku Bridge at nine miles .
FHH construction manager Mark Burns said the works were part of the accelerated sealed repair program initiated by the Fiji Roads Authority ( FRA ) .
`` The Wainibuku Bridge at nine miles is part of this program initiated by the FRA to improve areas following a spate of tropical depressions in recent months where the condition of the road has become a concern , '' Mr Burns said .
`` Several sections of the pavement have deteriorated , exposing rather large potholes in the road that pose an immediate risk to motorists . Once work has been completed , motorists that use the bridge daily will be able to drive through without having to swerve to dodge potholes and other defects . ''
According to Mr Burns , to ensure the completion of work on the bridge , a temporary speed restriction of 30km/h was in place .
`` If you can not avoid this area , please be patient . The workmen on site are there to carry out important work for the benefit of all those that drive through these sections of Kings Rd , '' they said .
Around 20 to 25 workmen are currently carrying out works at the site over the course of 10 to 12 nights .
FHH is working under the Fiji Roads Authority ( FRA ) maintenance program to provide access to the Central , Northern and Eastern divisions .
Kyle Cunningham announced today in an Instagram post that they will miss round three of Lucas Oil Pro Motocross this weekend at Thunder Valley .
Following an eighth-place finish in the first 450 moto last Saturday at Glen Helen , the H.E.P . Motorsports Suzuki rider had a huge crash midway through moto two and was taken off the track by the Alpinestars Medical Unit .
Cunningham wrote in their post that they underwent a CT scan this week and showed no signed of trauma and that they sustained no broken bones . However , they said they are banged up and is taking the proper steps to return to racing .
A return date is unknown at this time .
Cunningham got to pit with their supercross team H.E.P . Suzuki , which competed in the opening Lucas Oil Pro Motocross rounds out west . When the series moves east , H.E.P . Suzuki will stay home and Cunningham will have their bike transported by the Autotrader/Yoshimura Suzuki team .
Below is their full post :
Apple nabs new general counsel from Honeywell
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week .
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 *
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
Other Subscription options :
Investors in the Onne Free Zone will enjoy a major relief as the regulatory agency of the zone , the Oil and Gas Free Zones Authority , OGFZA , partners an investor to roll out embedded power at lower cost in the enclave in the next eight months .
Addressing investors in the zone and other stakeholders at a joint stakeholders ' forum on improved service delivery in Onne , Managing Director of OGFZA , Mr. Umana Umana , said the move was aimed at reducing the cost of doing business in the zone .
Umana said : “ In order to reduce the cost of doing business in the free zones regulated by OGFZA , we are partnering an investor to provide embedded power supply in Onne Free Zone within the next eight months .
“ We are also seriously addressing the challenge of high cost of doing business in the free zone arising from other tariffs . We have engaged all the stakeholders in this regard , including developers of the free zone and the IOCs , all of who have agreed that the tariffs are way too high and must come down .
“ In this regard , the authority , in line with the extant law and regulations , will soon be issuing a new schedule of tariffs which will be applicable in the free zones .
“ I am happy to report also that in March this year , the authority , in compliance with the extant law and regulations , implemented a modified Standard Operating Procedure to enhance transparency , accountability and efficiency .
“ Furthermore , in line with the commitment made in our roadmap , we have begun the full automation of our processes with the deployment of the Oracle Cloud application in all aspects of our operations .
“ When it is fully operational , the Oracle application will make it easy to achieve our set goals of meeting a new licence request within 14 days and a renewal request within 48 hours . ”
The forum was jointly organised with the Nigeria Customs Service , NCS , whose Comptroller-General , Col Hameed Ali ( retd . ) , pledged to partner OGFZA to achieve the best of the free zones .
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video : Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
VIRGINIA BEACH , Va. ( WVEC ) — Police said two people were hurt in a shooting after a fight started in front of a hotel at the Oceanfront Wednesday morning .
Officers said there was a fight in front of Best Western Plus Sandcastle Beachfront Hotel , located at 1307 Atlantic Avenue . Master Police Officer Tonya Pierce told 13News Now the argument led to a shooting . One person who was shot and had injuries that were n't considered life-threatening . The second person who was hit by the gunfire was grazed by a bullet and refused help .
Pierce said officers took three people into custody . 13News Now saw two people in handcuffs blocks away at 11th Street near Pacific Avenue .
© 2018 WVEC
`` Gripped '' , a production aiming to eliminate stigma and bring awareness to drug addiction , is coming to the Endicott Performing Arts Center stage .
The show , put on by Vortex Dance Company , will benefit Dope Without Dope , a non-profit organization that helps to recover addicts .
The performance aims to not only educate the community about drug addiction , but hopes to eliminate the stigma , in hopes that those who are addicted will reach out for help .
“ Eliminating the stigma eliminates the fear of being judged by other people , and we 're hoping that it will give people the courage to actually get the help they need. ” - Jeremiah Harvey , Co-Founder of Dope Without Hope
“ Addiction is huge right now and it 's in our community . A lot of people judge others , and we 're trying to show that it 's not something to feel judged for . If you need help , go out and get the help that you need . There 's hope. ” - Brianna Barnett , Vortex Performer and Choreographer
Performances run October 20 - 22 at the Endicott Performing Arts Center .
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
So the holidays are over and it 's back to work or school . And that first week back is always hard , so let 's start planning how to really enjoy the first full weekend of 2017 .
And it does n't have to cost a bomb , either .
Some of the events are free ( fancy hunting for fossils ? ) and there are sales in the entertainment world too , with reduced tickets and two-for-one deals .
Little ones will love two great theatre shows by Julia Donaldson , for which tickets start from £12 . And adults can enjoy Kara Tointon in a new stage thriller .
Here 's our pick of the best shows , comedy , gigs , food and days and nights out from Friday to Sunday , January 6 - 8 .
Or why not check out our ultimate guide to things to do in Birmingham ? It 's full of great ideas for ways to spend your time in our fair city .
Friday , January 6
Room on the Broom
( Photo : Graeme Braidwood )
Birmingham Rep
0121 236 4455
Friday , 10.30am & 1.30pm , Saturday , 11am , 2.30pm & 4pm & Sunday , 11am & 2.30pm
This is your final chance to catch this charming and funny classic children 's story , brought to life in the Studio at the Rep . They 've added another show on Saturday at 4pm to cope with the demand for this Julia Donaldson tale about a witch , them cat , a dog , a bird and a frog – is there room on their broomstick for all of them ?
What The Ladybird Heard
Birmingham Town Hall
0121 780 3333
Friday , 10.30am & 1pm , Saturday , 11am & 1.30pm , Sunday , 11am & 3pm
Another live stage adaptation of a Julia Donaldson story , this time about a clever ladybird who foils robbers ' plan to steal the farmer 's prize cow . With live music , puppetry and audience participation , it 's a lot of fun .
Moscow State Circus
Star City
0203 3753970
Friday , 5pm & 7.30pm , Saturday , 3pm & 6pm & Sunday , 2pm
Their biggest-ever luxury big top has arrived in Birmingham and they 're putting on a great show . full of acrobats , contortionists , high wire and aerial artists and even skaters .
Buy two full price ( from £12 ) adult tickets for the price of one by calling the box office and quoting JUGGLER .
Bowie : In Memorandum
( Photo : Wells Ray )
The Prince of Wales , Moseley
0121 449 4198
Friday , 8pm
It 's hard to believe that it 's almost a year since David Bowie died . But their music can stay with us forever , and the Prince is celebrating the work of the Jean Genie with a night dedicated to their hits . From Aladdin Sane to Ziggy Stardust , this free event will have it covered . All money raised on the night will go to Macmillan Cancer Support .
Saturday , January 7
Gaslight
New Alexandra Theatre
0844 871 3011
Saturday , 2.30pm & 7.30pm
She 's currently playing a feisty jazz singer in new ITV period drama The Halcyon , but off-screen Kara Tointon is starring in this thriller , with a good story and cast .
We get to see Gaslight first in Birmingham before it tours the rest of the country . Kara plays Bella in the Victorian drama , home alone each night while their husband Jack ( Rupert Young ) is out on the town . They ca n't explain the disappearance of familiar objects , the mysterious footsteps overhead or the ghostly flickering of living room gaslight – is they losing their mind or are there dark secrets in their home ? The surprise arrival of a retired detective ( Keith Allen ) leads to a shocking discovery .
The show continues until January 14 .
Sunday , January 8
Wassail
Avoncroft Museum , Bromsgrove
01527 831363
Sunday , 10am
Wassailing traditionally meant a lively celebration and drinking of spiced ale or mulled wine during celebrations for Twelfth Night . That 's happening today at Avoncroft , where there will be singing to the trees in the orchard to encourage a fruitful year . Morris men will be dancing and celebrating , the orchard will be toasted and visitors can decorate the trees and add their own New Year wish . You can also make Twelfth Night crowns and , of course , sample the mulled cider and cake .
Fossil Hunting Walk
Birmingham Town Hall
Sunday , 11am
You would n't expect that Birmingham city centre would be a rich hunting ground for fossils , but let Birmingham & Black Country Wildlife Trust show you different .
Join a geologist for a short guided walk back in time to 333 million years ago , to discover ancient coral reefs in the walls of buildings . The event is free but donations accepted and booking advisable .
The Magic of Vienna
Symphony Hall
0121 780 3333
Sunday , 3pm
Let the CBSO whirl you away to Austria in their first performance of 2017 , to the land of polkas and waltzes . Expect the melodies of the Strauss family , like the Blue Danube , Champagne Polka and Radetzky March .
WSVN — Their building has been hit by termites . All the residents want to tent to exterminate the insects but one resident is saying , “ No , you ca n't tent. ” Can one resident block everyone else from tenting ? It 's why we bring in Help Me Howard with Patrick Fraser for the answer .
Not to stereotype but Albert Fanelli is Italian … meaning they know their way around a kitchen .
Albert Fanelli , tired of termites : “ I like to cook . ”
But on the day we were at Albert 's , they are n't cooking … they were cleaning .
Albert Fanelli : “ I clean this up every day . Sometimes twice a day . You see the wings that are dropped . It 's an onslaught . ”
Albert 's condo is infested with termites wings . They drop the wings when they move in to form a new colony…
Albert Fanelli : “ They are all over . I ca n't keep dishes in the cupboard anymore . I ca n't keep anything out . ”
Albert is not alone . There are 30 condos at this Hollywood building . Twenty-nine owners are tired of termites and ready to tent before their units are damaged . One resident says no way…
Albert Fanelli : “ And no , ‘ We are not tenting . I am not tenting . ' They just refuses . ”
The owners have been told by police they can not force the woman to leave if they attempt to tent the building , meaning they have to live with this .
Patrick Fraser : “ Does it surprise you that 29 can agree and one can say no and everything grinds to a halt ? ”
Albert Fanelli : “ Yeah , sometimes the wheels of justice are slow moving . ”
The woman who refuses to tent has battled with the condo association and their neighbors in the past . They even took them to court where they agreed to follow the condo rules…
Albert Fanelli : “ There was a restraining order last year . They would threaten people with a knife and bang on the walls . They were taken away under the Baker Act . ”
Because of the woman 's condition , Albert is n't angry at them and feels sorry for her…
Albert Fanelli : “ I have offered to pay for their lodging . Other folks have offered the same . ”
But they refuse help and refuses to allow the building to be tented , meaning everyone else has to live with termites .
Albert Fanelli : “ If they attack my wine bottles , I would be suicidal . ”
Albert is joking about the termites attacking their Italian wine , but Howard , are all those owners stuck with termites ?
Howard Finkelstein , 7News legal expert : “ No . One resident can not prevent the tenting if the association 's board determines that it is necessary . If they refuse , you go to court to get an injunction where a judge can order the resident to leave the property . If they do n't leave on the day of tenting , a judge can order the police to remove the resident . ”
We spoke to the woman who is blocking the association from tenting . They told us they were worried about the poison in the chemicals used in tenting and would not allow it .
Judge Arlene Backman : “ She is not here , therefore , we are proceeding . ”
The condo association then went to court to ask Judge Arlene Backman to force the woman to allow the termite tenting to happen .
Judge Arlene Backman : “ The motion to enforce this stipulation for settlement and access to the defendants unit is herby granted . ”
Albert and their neighbors can now tent their building…
Albert Fanelli : “ Oh , thank God . Yes , yes long overdue . ”
And after the tenting , Albert can do what they have not been able to enjoy doing … cook .
Albert Fanelli : “ I love having my friends over and cooking for them . We are family .
Patrick Fraser : “ You do n't want to invite them into your place with bugs ? ”
Albert Fanelli : “ No , not unless they have an anteater . ”
A termite-eating anteater ? That 's a new one . And we have heard from several people in condos and townhouses that have one neighbor that is blocking the tenting . If that happens to you and you have to go to court to get a judge to order them to get out for the tenting , they have to pay your attorney 's fees . Let them know 'cause that might get them to cooperate .
Bugged by a problem swarming around you ? Ready for someone to fly in to help ? Contact us . We do n't wing things . Howard has a law book . And if they can find their glasses , they will read it . With this Help Me Howard , I 'm Patrick Fraser , 7News .
CONTACT HELP ME HOWARD :
Email : helpmehoward @ wsvn.com
Reporter : Patrick Fraser at pfraser @ wsvn.com
Miami-Dade : 305-953-WSVN
Broward : 954-761-WSVN
On Twitter : @ helpmehoward7
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Italy 's caretaker prime minister is expected to unveil their cabinet line up on Wednesday in a bid to end the chaos that has raised fears for the stability of eurozone after the populist coalition 's bid to govern collapsed .
Carlo Cottarelli had promised to deliver the list “ as soon as possible ” but the economist discreetly left the presidential palace after a brief meeting with President Sergio Mattarella Tuesday afternoon without making any statement .
Shortly afterwards Giovanni Grasso , a spokesperson for the president said Cottarelli “ has informed the head of state of the situation and… both will meet again on Wednesday morning. ” Mattarella on Sunday blocked a cabinet proposed by the anti-immigrant League and their allies in the Five-Star Movement ( M5S ) .
Mattarella vetoed the League-Five Star pick for economy minister , eurosceptic Paolo Savona . The populists cried foul and abandoned their joint bid for power .
That left Cottarelli , a former IMF economist known as “ Mr Scissors ” , tasked with naming a technocrat government .
On Tuesday , Five-Star leader Luigi Di Maio called for a return to the polls “ as soon as possible ” . Italian media said the elections could be scheduled for as early as July . The uncertainty in the country and the fear that the Five-Star Movement and the eurosceptic League could win even more votes if a fresh vote is held appeared to spook the financial markets .
League leader Matteo Salvini , a fellow eurosceptic who was Savona 's biggest advocate , said their side 's joint plan for a government failed because of pressure from the “ powers-that-be , the markets , Berlin and Paris ” .
“ It was a big mistake to say no to a government which had a majority , a programme and a list of ministers , ” said Salvini . They added that the future elections would be a vote pitting “ people and real life against the political old guard . ”
Salvini and Di Maio furiously denounced the presidential veto , blasting what they called meddling by Germany , debt ratings agencies , financial lobbies and even alleging lies from Mattarella 's staff .
“ Paolo Savona would not have taken us out of the euro . It 's a lie invented by Mattarella 's advisors , ” Di Maio said in a live video on Facebook . “ The truth is that they do n't want us in government. ” Elections could benefit Salvini , however , as recent polling by IndexResearch put the League at 22 per cent , five points up from its vote share in the March 4 ballot .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
About # NotMyPresident - Bigots and Racists can all go to Hell . Articles : 132 Seeds : 16654 Comments : 136809 Since : Aug 2009
Rep. Mike Doyle , D-Pa. , left and Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , managers of the congressional baseball teams , shake hands during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , where they talked about the shooting of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. , and two Capitol Police officers in Alexandria , Va. during Congressional baseball practice . J. Scott Applewhite AP
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA—THE Senate has begun probe into the alleged sexual harassment scam between a student in the Masters of Business programme at the Obafemi Awolowo University , OAU , Ile Ife , Monica Osagie and a lecturer of the institution , Professor Richard Akindele .
The Senate also expressed worry over what it described as the growing trend of sexual harassment in higher institutions of learning in the country .
Against this backdrop the Senate , yesterday , mandated the chairperson , Senate Committee on Tertiary Institutions and Judiciary , Human Rights and Legal Matters , Senator Barau Jibrin , to carry out a full scale investigation of the case “ in order to ensure that there is transparency and accountability , and that satisfactory justice is done to the victim involved and our laws are further strengthened for effectiveness . ”
The Upper Chamber also urged the House of Representatives to move quickly to concur with the Senate bill on Sexual Harassment in Tertiary Educational Institutions ( Prohibition ) Bill which has been transmitted to the House , saying “ this will provide succour and a window of solace for victims of these kinds of atrocities across the country in our higher institutions of learning . ”
Resolutions of the Senate were a sequel to a motion by Deputy Senate Minority Whip , Senator Biodun Olujimi , PDP , Ekiti South and entitled : ‘ The growing trend of sexual harassment in the higher institutions of learning . '
Presenting the motion , Senator Olujimi lamented that “ the growing culture of sexual harassment in our institutions of higher learning ; and the psychological , physiological and emotional damage , perverts in our places of learning are bringing upon our children in school as a result .
“ It was for this reason in October 2016 ; the Senate passed the Sexual Harassment in Tertiary Educational Institutions ( Prohibition ) Bill , and prescribed severe punishment for lecturers and academic staff of universities , who either sexually harass or assault their male or female students . ”
Northborough native to help run Cape League Baseball games this summer
By Dakota Antelman , Contributing Writer
Northborough – Their lifelong love for sports still fresh , Northborough native Allen Carmody is preparing to spend their summer helping plan and run baseball games in one of the best-known collegiate baseball leagues in the country – The Cape Cod Baseball League .
A rising junior at Endicott College in Beverly where they study sports management , Carmody secured an internship with the Falmouth Commodores of the Cape League late last year . Through the internship , they will plan and coordinate everything from pregame ceremonies to in-game events like raffles .
The former captain of the Algonquin Regional High School football team , Carmody said their career goals stem from their childhood love of sports .
“ On any given day , anything can happen , ” they said . “ There 's really never a boring moment , so I figured that , if I worked in sports with that passion and excitement , I would be happy in the future after I find a job . ”
With eight other interns , they will trail the Commodores as their players – student-athletes from across the country – face off against nine other Cape Leagues clubs from across Cape Cod . The league itself has been a part of Cape Cod summers for decades and has drawn hundreds of future major league players to its rosters over the years .
It is well regarded among baseball fans and coaches alike , a fact that prompted Carmody to first apply for this internship .
Though they had heard about the Cape League before , Carmody learned more about it during an internship at the Hit Quarters sports complex in Shrewsbury last summer . That internship , which brought them into contact with coaches of club teams as well as managers of the complex itself , featured frequent conversations about baseball and small but competitive leagues like the Cape League .
“ They were all big baseball people , so they talked about it a lot and I got to know more [ about it ] last summer , ” they said . “ That was really my first introduction to it . ”
Their internship with Hit Quarters was mostly limited to work within the sports facility . As they planned for the second of three internships Endicott requires they complete before graduation , Carmody wanted to branch out into game planning and game-day operations .
With plans to graduate one year early , with the Class of 2018 next May , Carmody now sees the game-day experience they will gain with the Commodores as a sample of a possible career path within the larger field of sports management .
“ I think want to work for a team and be part of a team but I want to see this summer what that team atmosphere feels like when you 're working for one particular team , ” they said . “ I want to make sure that that 's something I want to do . ”
Carmody , indeed , remains somewhat uncertain about how they want to turn their degree into a career . While they said they think they want to work for a team , Carmody also said they are interested in facilities management jobs in places similar to the Hit Quarters complex .
Nevertheless , as they start a summer during which they hope they will experience first-hand the planning behind competitive sporting events , Carmody , a sports fan for life , is sure of one thing .
“ I want to be excited about work , ” they said .
The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll on President Donald Trump and the direction of the country was conducted by NORC from Sept 28-Oct. 2 . It is based on online and telephone interviews of 1,150 adults who are members of NORC 's nationally representative AmeriSpeak panel .
The original sample was drawn from respondents selected randomly from NORC 's National Frame based on address-based sampling and recruited by mail , email , telephone and face-to-face interviews .
NORC interviews participants over the phone if they do n't have internet access . With a probability basis and coverage of people who ca n't access the internet , surveys using AmeriSpeak are nationally representative .
Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish .
As is done routinely in surveys , results were weighted , or adjusted , to ensure that responses accurately reflect the population 's makeup by factors such as age , sex , race , education , region and phone use .
No more than 1 time in 20 should chance variations in the sample cause the results to vary by more than plus or minus 4.1 percentage points from the answers that would be obtained if all adults in the U.S. were polled .
The poll includes a total of 337 black respondents , who were sampled at a higher rate than their proportion of the population for purposes of analysis . The margin of sampling error among blacks is plus or minus 5.7 percentage points . For results reported among all adults , responses among blacks are weighted to reflect their proportion among all U.S. adults .
There are other sources of potential error in polls , including the wording and order of questions .
The questions and results are available at http : //www.apnorc.org/
Seahawks plan for playoffs , 49ers for offseason change
hello
San Francisco 49ers wide receiver Jeremy Kerley ( 17 ) catches a pass against Seattle Seahawks middle linebacker Bobby Wagner ( 54 ) during the second half of an NFL football game in Santa Clara , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett ( 72 ) celebrates with defensive end Frank Clark after sacking San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick during the second half of an NFL football game in Santa Clara , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
Seattle Seahawks running back Alex Collins ( 36 ) runs in front of San Francisco 49ers cornerback Keith Reaser ( 27 ) during the second half of an NFL football game in Santa Clara , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick ( 7 ) talks with head coach Chip Kelly during the second half of an NFL football game against the Seattle Seahawks in Santa Clara , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson ( 3 ) greets fans after an NFL football game against the San Francisco 49ers in Santa Clara , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
SANTA CLARA , Calif. -- While the Seattle Seahawks started pulling starters late in the game to prepare for the playoffs next week , the focus for the San Francisco 49ers is already onto next season .
The Seahawks wrapped up a fifth-straight 10-win season by beating the 49ers 25-23 but missed a chance at a first-round bye when Atlanta won its game on Sunday .
With the Falcons leading big late , Seattle coach Pete Carroll pulled quarterback Russell Wilson and other key starters to make sure they are healthy and rested for the playoff opener next weekend .
`` I did n't know the situation with the Atlanta thing , '' Wilson said . `` I guess they took us all out once we figured out they won or were winning by a lot . I do n't think it 's a bad decision .
NFC West champion Seattle ( 10-5-1 ) will be the third seed and open the playoffs at home next weekend against the loser of Sunday night 's game between Detroit and Seattle .
The 49ers ( 2-14 ) announced after the game that coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke had both been fired after the team matched the franchise record for losses in a season previously reached in 1978 , '79 and 2004 .
`` When we lose like we did and have a season like we had , changes are made or can be made , '' receiver Torrey Smith said . `` That 's from coaches to players . It 's all of us . We were all a part of the problem . That 's why our record is what it was . ''
Here are some other takeaways from the game :
BOYKIN STEPS UP : With Wilson out , the Seahawks turned the game over to Trevone Boykin . The backup responded by converting a pair of third downs with Seattle protecting a two-point lead to help run out the clock .
`` Trevone was able to get in there and do so well , '' Wilson said . `` That 's an exciting thing for our football team . That was great . ''
KAP 'S FUTURE : Colin Kaepernick went 17 for 22 for 215 yards and a TD in a solid performance that could be their last with San Francisco . Kaepernick can opt out of their contract this offseason and become a free agent .
`` There will be a lot of things that play into that and I 'll have to really think about those things as this offseason approaches , '' they said .
JUMP BALL : The Seahawks offense was struggling a bit before turning it around with two deep passes late in the second quarter . Doug Baldwin made a leaping grab of the first for a 41-yard gain that got the drive started . Jimmy Graham then boxed out safety Antoine Bethea at the goal line for a 42-yard grab that set up Thomas Rawls ' 1-yard run that gave Seattle the lead for good at 19-14 .
`` We have a 7-foot-2 tight end that can jump out the roof so you want to give them a chance , '' Wilson said . `` Obviously it was a scramble . They went deep and made a great , great catch and boxed out the guy . ''
QUICK CHANGE : The 49ers became the first team in nearly four decades to fire coaches in successive years after just one-year tenures . The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year . The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the following season and interim coach Fred O'Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty that featured five Super Bowl titles .
`` You want to build that camaraderie , know who you 're going to work with every single day , '' linebacker NaVorro Bowman said . `` To be going with so many in such a short time is tough . You have to be a professional and understand that 's part of this lifestyle . ''
ROOKIE RUNNER : With starter Thomas Rawls trying to play through injuries , the Seahawks need some more help at running back . Rookie Alex Collins , who ran for just 70 yards the first 15 weeks , made a case for that role with seven carries for 55 yards .
`` I come into the game with the mindset of whatever they want me to do , I 'll do it , '' they said . `` Whether it be one , 10 , 15 or 20 ( carries ) , I 'm just going to do it to the best of my ability . ''
___
For more NFL coverage : www.pro32.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
The United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) said it has constructed 338 boreholes in various communities in Shendam and Riyom Local Government Areas of Plateau to enhance access to safe drinking water .
Mr George Bekinbo , UNICEF 's Water , Sanitation and Hygiene consultant , who made the disclosure , also said 40 Ventilated Improved Pit ( VIP ) latrines were constructed in some primary schools in the two local governments .
The official told journalists on Monday in Jos shortly after inspecting some of the facilities provided under the EU-supported Water Supply and Sanitation Sector Reform Programme III .
According to Bekinbo , the facilities are aimed at enhancing child survival and development through sustainable access to water sanitation and hygiene services .
Bekinbo said the facilities were provided under the first and second phase of the programme while the third face would commence by May .
“ This project being implemented by the UNICEF supported by the EU is basically to enhance child survival and development through sustainable access to water , sanitation and hygiene services in communities .
“ It is being implemented in Adamawa , Ekiti and Plateau states , and here on the Plateau we are working in various communities of Shendam and Riyom local councils .
“ We have signed a memorandum of understanding with Plateau Government to provide hand pump boreholes in 601 communities .
“ And so far , we have for the first and second phase , constructed 338 boreholes and 40 VIP latrines in the two localities .
“ The remaining ones are captured in the third phase of the project which will commence by first week of May , ” they said .
They explained that 74 local area mechanics were trained to ensure proper maintenance and repairs of the boreholes and encouraged the opening of spare parts shops in the two localities for easy access to damaged parts of the boreholes .
Bekinbo also said each community has a management committee for the facilities .
` The communities have key roles to play in sustaining the facilities provided to them and so the onus of maintenance rests on them .
“ This is why we have Water Sanitation and Hygiene Committees in each of the communities that take charge of the maintenance of the facilities , ” they added .
The consultant urged the Plateau Government to hasten the release of its counterpart fund contribution to the programme to enable the project spread to other localities . ( NAN )
FILE - In this Aug. 8 , 2016 , file photo , John Blaine Reed is shown during their arraignment at Snohomish County Courthouse in Everett , Wash. A jury found Reed , 55 , guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Patrick Shunn and second-degree murder in the death Monique Patenaude . They face life in prison . The Herald via AP , Pool , file Andy Bronson
Welcome to Thursday 's LIVE Derby County blog from Derbyshire Live .
Join us as we provide you with the latest updates as the Rams ' search for a successor to Gary Rowett , who joined Stoke City last week .
Lampard has confirmed that they are in talks with Derby over the vacant manager 's position and it seems only a matter of time until an announcement is made .
Former England teammate Rio Ferdinand has had their say on the story , as well as Rams legend Alan Hinton and current Chelsea defender David Luiz .
Chelsea under-18s coach Jody Morris is expected to join Derby should Frank Lampard be appointed as the Rams ' next manager , according to reports .
We will also bring you all the latest Rams news and transfer talk , along with the latest from across the Championship .
You can get involved by tweeting us @ dcfc_live or you can join in the conversation on Facebook , or by leaving a comment below .
Middlesbrough 1 Arsenal 2
Arsène Wenger unveiled a new formation and their players remembered how to win away as Middlesbrough were left wondering what might have been had Steve Agnew replaced Aitor Karanka a little sooner .
Admittedly Agnew has taken only two points from five games in charge and Boro 's aim of avoiding relegation looks even less feasible than the prospect of Arsenal finishing in the top four but their performances have improved .
So much so that not only were Wenger 's sometimes shaky side frequently made to sweat but the second half was sufficiently exciting for spectators to justify the decision to miss Broadchurch 's eagerly awaited denouement .
With Hull and Swansea losing on Saturday , Middlesbrough had been teased by renewed hope . Six points behind Marco Silva 's 17th-placed side and two adrift of Paul Clement 's team they held two games in hand on both relegation rivals while also having a significantly superior goal difference .
“ We CAN make the great escape , ” declared the local Evening Gazette 's giant backpage banner headline as Agnew set out to exacerbate Wenger 's recent woes while ignoring the reality that Boro were the only English League side to have failed to record a victory during 2017 .
If registering a first League win since mid-December seemed a tall order here , Arsenal arrived looking strangely out of sorts and thoroughly distracted by Wenger 's delay in announcing whether they will or will not be in charge at the Emirates next season .
Down to seventh in the table , Arsenal had lost five of their previous eight League matches , failed to win away since January and arrived on Teesside on the back of four straight away league defeats , each featuring the concession of three goals .
Ten points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City , albeit with a couple of games in hand , the time for drastic action had arrived . Cue the extraction of a tactical rabbit from Wenger 's hat in the form of a switch to a back three for the first time in 20 years .
The last time they were configured with a central defensive trinity was in 1997 but Wenger accepted something had to change . “ We 've lost a lot of direct fights centrally so it will get us a bit stronger in the air , ” they said before the kick-off .
It took only four minutes for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , right wing-back for the night , to emphasise they are not really a natural defender by collecting a yellow card for catching Fabio de Silva the home left-back , late .
Having tried four different formations in as many games – back three included – Agnew reverted to 4-3-3 . With Fabio frequently advancing and Gaston Ramírez showing off some classy , defender de-stabilising , touches , Boro began brightly . Suddenly feeling a chill possibly occasioned by more than just the fast coolling evening Arsenal 's manager reached for the comforting warmth of their winter duvet coat and zipped it up tightly to the neck .
Happily for the Frenchman an injury to Fabio , replaced by George Friend , soon interrupted Boro 's rhythm , while Grant Leadbitter needed to watch their central midfield step after being booked for fouling Mesut Özil .
Although Arsenal could conceivably have had a penalty when Dani Ayala manhandled Olivier Giroud at a corner , neither side had mustered a shot on target as the half hour mark approached . Granted Marten de Roon had headed a partially cleared free-kick beyond Petr Cech but the midfielder was well offside . It had all turned a bit scrappy with both sides struggling to click into any sort of passing groove but then Aaron Ramsey had a volley blocked and shortly afterwards Alexis Sánchez directed another volley straight at Brad Guzan .
Sánchez though was merely warming up as , with half-time fast approaching , the forward temporarily forgot about their contract wrangles and wage demands to concentrate on sending a glorious 22-yard free-kick arcing over the wall and curving well beyond a static Guzan 's grasp .
Awarded in the wake of Adam Clayton 's felling of Granit Xhaka it prompted Wenger 's first smile and coincided with the start of a heavy rain shower which seemed to reflect Boro 's newly dampened optimism . Replays suggested Guzan was almost certainly unsighted by a somewhat over-staffed Boro wall but that would be scant consolation to those locals who had arrived hoping to witness an Easter miracle .
Then , just as jokes about anyone believing Teesside survival hopes could be resurrected really needing to see a doctor sharpish began circulating , the skies temporarily cleared and Boro equalised .
It began with the interception of a slightly slapdash Sánchez pass which permitted Stewart Downing to sashay down the right before cutting inside on their left foot and lifting a sublime cross in the direction of Álvaro Negredo . Bisecting a couple of defenders the Spaniard proceeded to beat Cech courtesy of a fantastic flying volley . Arsenal might quickly have fallen behind but Cech kept Ayala 's close-range header out after a free-kick provoked panic among the visiting backline .
Those Arsenal fans in the “ Wenger to remain ” camp were looking a little crestfallen but Özil added a little credence to their campaign by restoring their side 's lead . With Boro 's defence taking their turn to lose shape , Sánchez 's chip and Ramsey 's chest down prefaced the German lashing home at the near post .
Guardian services
It 's a widely cited , loosely corroborated fact that NASCAR drives can lose up to ten pounds of water weight during a single race . Accurate or not , this anecdote raises some very real questions about A. why NASCAR races are held in places like Florida in July and B. how much water these guys are freaking drinking , but it has nothing on this little gem from ESPN 's senior LeBron correspondent Brian Windhorst :
LeBron James once gained seven pounds during an Eastern Conference Finals game .
To be honest we 're not sure we believe it either . LeBron is a made-in-a-lab level physical freak ( term of endearment ) . He 's Kobe Bryant trapped in Lawrence Taylor 's body and we 'd literally rather get hit by an Amtrak on the fastbreak than him . That said , gaining seven pounds during a real live NBA game and with a real live NBA Finals berth on the line seems unbelievable even by LeBron 's routinely unbelievable standard . According to Windhorst , however , who dropped this instant viral headline as an aside in a larger piece about LeBron putting their back issues behind him , it 's as real as the curvature of the earth ( apparently still a topic of debate in NBA circles ) :
Some Miami Heat teammates saw the scale and attest to it in amazement . James themselves just shrugs and calls it `` weird as hell . '' The truly wild part is that it was from 271 pounds to 278 pounds , though James is much lighter these days .
`` The truly wild part , '' Windhorst ? Come on . The craziest part of the Predator are n't the dreds , man . It 's that it 's the freaking Predator .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Time is running out for Weld County residents to reserve an explosive-gas monitor , but officials will hold one more public event in southern Weld County .
The event will take place from 5:30-6:30 p.m. Tuesday at Mead Town Hall , 441 3rd St. in Mead , according to a Weld County news release .
Supply on hand will be limited , so residents who are not able to take one home that night will have their name added to the county 's reservation list to ensure one is ordered for them at the end of the month .
`` If it makes people feel safer in their homes then it makes sense for the county to make these available to residents , '' Weld County Commissioner Mike Freeman said in the release .
To date , the county has given almost 1,800 monitors to residents .
`` I 'm glad we are able to work in this last give-away event in Mead next week , '' said Julie Cozad , Board of Weld County Commissioners chairperson , in the release . `` But we also want to remind people they can still contact our oil and gas liaison in the planning department up until Oct. 31 to be put on the order list . We want to make sure every resident that wants a monitor has the opportunity to get one . ''
Recommended Stories For You
Residents who want to put their name on the order list , can contact Troy Swain at tswain @ weldgov.com or call ( 970 ) 400-3548 . Proof of county residency , such as a utility bill , property tax statement or driver 's license will be required in order to obtain a monitor .
The county began the monitor give-away program on Aug. 24 following the April home explosion in Firestone .
More than 60 youngsters attended the first week of Westmont College 's youth summer athletic camps , developing motor skills for a variety of sports . An additional , third week of Sports Skills ( June 10-14 , June 17-21 and June 24-28 ) targeted for children 5 to 10 years old has been added due to its popularity .
Director Jill Wolf oversees the camp that focuses on skills for soccer , basketball , volleyball and softball as well as many coordination skills .
Westmont has added a new Girls Rhythm and Moves Camp ( July 22-26 ) that features dance , tumble , cheer , balance and stretching to fun music . The camp is co-directed by Wolf and Chrissie Velazquez , a longtime physical education teacher at Dos Pueblos High School .
Kristi Kiely , Westmont head women 's soccer coach , oversees all the Westmont summer camps with Jeff Azain , Westmont men 's assistant basketball coach .
“ I 'm most looking forward to working with our veteran staff this summer , ” they say . “ We have longtime , successful coaches working with our campers this summer . At least three of our programs this year have athletes who participated in camps when they were younger . ”
All camps , which began June 10 and run through July 26 , start at 9 a.m. and cost $ 225 or $ 250 . Most camps end at 1 p.m. , though several camps ( basketball , soccer and tennis ) last until 3 p.m. with aftercare offered until 4:30 p.m . The price includes a camp T-shirt , photo and instruction by Westmont coaches as well as current and former Westmont student-athletes . Campers also have the opportunity to swim in the Westmont pool throughout the week .
Azain says with so many wonderful camps in Santa Barbara , he 's thankful Westmont has one of the longest running and most successful camps in town .
“ We have state-of-the-art facilities and tremendous coaches and staff , most of whom are our current athletes or local students who create a safe and fun environment while providing sport-specific instruction , ” they say . “ Most importantly , we love the kids we get to work with . ”
Registration and information about age restrictions are available by clicking here . Space is limited , and all camps are expected to fill up quickly . For more information , please call the athletics department at 805.565.6010 .
— Scott Craig is the media relations manager for Westmont College .
By Emmanuel Elebeke
The Minister of Communications , Dr Adebayo Shittu says Nigeria requires internet access to achieve quality and inclusive education in the country .
The minister made the remark while declaring open the 2018 edition of ‘ Nigeria Internet Governance Forum ' held in Abuja , with the theme : ‘ Internet : An Enabler for Good Governance . ''
They emphasized the use of internet as a tool to drive education process , which they said is the only way to guarantee socio-economic advancement of the country in an inclusive manner .
They said : “ The task of improving the lives of the vulnerable and the underprivileged is not for the government alone , it is for all stakeholders .
‘ ‘ Many Nigerians lack access to internet , but I can assure you that the ministry remains committed to ensure that internet access is extended to all parts of the country .
“ Many people do n't have access to the internet but we know that when they get connected , they can achieve extraordinary things . The internet belongs to everyone . ''
Shittu , who underscored the need for collaboration among stakeholders called for improved engagements between stakeholders in the sector . They also urged the public to facilitate the growth and adoption of internet as a tool for enhancing the quality of lives of Nigerians .
The minister reiterated government 's resolve to seek a more insistent role in the governance of the internet and technology , said it would continue to push the boundaries of accepted normative standards , adding that the country can not afford to lag behind the rest of the world .
“ We need to look forward to the possibilities that the internet is yet to bring .
“ The promise the internet held 26 years ago still holds true and we will continue to believe and advocate for the benefits it brings , the ability to inspire and its capacity to change people 's lives .
“ Nigeria represents dynamic change , new ideas , and the next generation of leaders . An internet that includes Nigeria means an internet that exists for the good of all people . One that is shaped by diversity , inclusion , and equal voices , '' they added .
He , however , expressed concern over unlawful use of the internet to perpetrate crime in the society .
According to the minister , bad actors will continue to attempt to hijack the very nature of the internet to cause harm where it was designed to help .
“ However , we have the moral responsibility to protect our culture , youths and other vulnerable groups on the Internet .
“ We take the issue of child safety online to be very important and will continue to do all that is necessary to ensure that our youths are engaged in the right direction , '' they said .
In their presentation , the Vice Chancellor of Nasarawa State University , Keffi , Prof Muhammad Mainnima , said Information Communication Technology ( ICT ) has significant role to play in the elections .
“ While we agree that internet can promote good governance , it is important to think of how to make Nigeria cyberspace safe and secured .
“ Therefore , it is my sincere hope that this year conference will add value positively to the narratives of good governance powered by the internet .
Earlier , in their welcome address , Chair , NIGF Multi-Stakeholders Advisory Group , Mrs. Mary Uduma , said NIGF was the local initiative of the United Nations ( UN ) Internet Governance agreed on by the whole world in 2005 .
According to Uduma , NGIF is a stakeholders platform that discuss public policy issues pertaining to internet , such as internet security , good governance .
“ We have brought internet experts to dissect this along the line of global discussion in areas of access inclusiveness and diversity , cybersecurity and trust .
K and A kick up their heels to show you the best form for a better booty . And there 's video !
Squats are an excellent way to work the booty — and quads and hamstrings . Lower body magic move alert !
But there 's a wrong and right way to perform them .
The problem is that most people do them wrong , then wonder why their backs or knees hurt .
So Kymberly put on their booty boots , Alexandra put on their best “ squint into the sun ” face , and we decided to show you both the wrong and right way to do a squat .
Come on now , do them with us ! Even better , practice sideways to the mirror to check your form .
Well , are you and your now-perfect squat form ready for some boot-scootin ' boogie ?
— Identical twins and fitness pros Kymberly Williams-Evans and Alexandra Williams have been in the fitness industry since the first aerobics studio opened on the European continent . They teach , write , edit , emcee and present their programs worldwide on land , sea and airwaves . They co-write Fun and Fit : Q and A with K and A . You can currently find them in action leading classes in Santa Barbara and Goleta . Kymberly is the former faculty minor adviser at UCSB for its fitness instruction degree offered through the Department of Exercise & Sport Studies ; Alexandra serves as an instructor and master teacher for the program . Fun and Fit answers real questions from real people , so please send your comments and questions to . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
On Monday , my Mumbai roads were at peace as there was no chaos , traffic jams or mess ! Just calm roads and right amount of cars were plying on streets . Drivers and car partners of Uber and Ola in Mumbai had called for an indefinite strike to voice their grievances against declining earnings and deteriorating business experience . In fact , close to 60,000 cabs were reportedly off the roads in the city . Mumbai was well placed without these taxi services , when Ola and Uber were not introduced to the city ; commuters used to happily travel by whatever mode of transport available . Rather , these car services have made city roads stuck with traffic . I do n't find any reason to resume these taxis back in our lives .
The irony is that , Ola and Uber drivers are demanding guaranteed monthly income of Rs 1.5 lakhs . Engineers , doctors and even highly qualified degree holders do not get this remuneration guarantee . They are not reasonable in their demands . Apart from all this , if you look at these cabs , you will find dirty car interiors as most of the drivers do not bother to keep it clean daily . They do not even bother to keep an air-freshener to mask the foul smell . Most of the time , air conditioners in the cars do not work — either because there are mechanical errors or the driver wants to save the diesel cost . Interior of the car is sometimes infested with mosquitoes as the drivers keep the windows open . Nowadays , many drivers do not use Google Maps navigation while driving and instead they keep on asking the passenger to guide them in the right direction , which is annoying !
Nowadays , most of the drivers are not allowed to cancel customers ' requests more than once or twice , so they employ nasty and illegal tactics to cancel a customer 's request — as soon as they receive passenger 's request , the drivers drive for some distance till your pickup point and intentionally locate the passenger through their phone app notifying that they have already picked the passenger and then they just disappear . Once you realise this and press the cancel button , you have to shell out Rs 50 as a cancellation charge ; to claim your money back you have to contact the Customer Support and argue with them .
On the other day , my friend 's grandparents were travelling from Bandra to Churchgate . My friend had booked an Ola cab for them . They boarded the cab and the journey began . The driver noticed that the grandparents were hailing from a small town and not familiar with Mumbai roads . After a while , the driver intimidated them saying that since they were unaware of the direction and also did n't have smartphones , what they would do if they drove them to some unknown place and robbed them !
Thanks to the grandmother 's presence of mind . They told the driver that they were aware how the cab services work and also knew that their son was tracking the ride . They immediately called their son and cancelled the ride . They even complained to Ola authorities but as usual nothing happened ! It 's pathetic to know that innocent people are every day being targeted and exploited . These taxis also come with lots of risk factors while travelling . The navigation can track the route but it can not prevent a mishap .
Moreover , drivers on behalf of partners run most of the Ola cabs ; these cars are purchased by availing loans for business purposes and owners of the cars hardly drive these vehicles . About 50 per cent of the cars operating in the city are on jeopardy of being seized by banks and other financial institutions as most of the drivers are unable to pay their debts , which may result in loan defaults . The drivers on strike demand for better remuneration and improved working conditions ; if not fulfilled , the drivers will go on a hunger strike !
The drivers alleged that their incomes have reduced drastically with the taxi-hailing firms continuing to acquire more cabs , while restructuring the incentive schemes . With no real regulation on the number of taxis on the roads , their numbers have swelled . When Uber and Ola started their services , they attracted drivers by offering them extraordinarily generous incentives and facilitating loans for cars . Attracted by the charm of owning their taxis and blinded by the incentives , many drivers did not question the sustainability of the tariffs offered to them , nor did they question the longevity of the incentives . Over the time , with enough taxis on their apps , the companies have withdrawn most incentives .
Some of the drivers will eventually have to stop plying their taxis , dashing their entrepreneurial dreams . Already , some have started defaulting on their loans , prompting some lenders to stop lending new loans to drivers planning to buy cars and join the app-based taxi revolution .
The companies are facing other problems as well . They view their drivers as contractors but the drivers want to be considered as employees . This is true in India too ; so much for the whole entrepreneurship thing . In the UK , a court has ruled that Uber should recognise its drivers as employees . Cases are being filed in other parts of the world as well . Recognising drivers as employees would affect the much-vaunted asset-light model of these companies . However , as the markets have become matured , systems for holding these companies accountable have become stronger . The cab services are gaining ground , as are pressures on these services to invest in their own infrastructure and comply with local norms . As the costs of these changes add on , the balance sheets of aggregators like Uber and Ola could start looking for more and more like those of traditional players , making them potentially undifferentiated and unattractive to investors . Most aggregators run on very asset-light models — which mean someone else owns the infrastructure , the people , the maintenance , the depreciation , the compliance and the domain expertise . What happens if they choose to stop or withdraw from a market ? The ecosystem that depends on their demand generation and subsidies could potentially collapse .
( Any suggestions , comments or dispute with regards to this article send us on [ email protected ] )
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON ( CBSMiami ) – President Donald Trump will host the President of France for the first official state dinner of their presidency Tuesday night .
Monday night Trump welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife Brigette at George Washington 's 18th-century mansion in Mount Vernon , Virginia . The relationship sealed with an aggressive Trumpian handshake , and regular phone calls .
Macron has said theirs was a friendly relationship with Trump .
“ It 's very easy , as soon as they ask for a call , I call them back and exactly the same on their side . We have very fluent and open discussions , ” they said during an interview last December .
Macron arrived in Washington with an agenda , persuade the president to keep U.S. troops in Syria and stay in the Iran nuclear deal . Trump has indicated that he 's leaning against both .
‘ President Macron has broken the code with President Trump , he 's worked the relationship , ” said Heather Conley , a former state department official , who added that this state visit will highlight unity and France 's acceptance of an alliance with Trump .
“ This is returning a generous hospitality but also a way to really clearly state how strong a partner France is , ” said Conley .
Macron treated the president to the Bastille Day parade in Paris last year , which included a tribute to the 100th anniversary of U.S. involvement in World War One . The spectacle inspired plans for a grand military parade in Washington in November .
Macron also treated the president and First Lady Melania Trump to an intimate dinner at the top of the Eiffel Tower .
Tuesday night 's dinner will be held in the state dining room . The First Lady did a final walkthrough Monday night to view the preparations .
“ It 's in good hands . I think Mrs. Trump is very involved and the staff seems to love working with her , ” said Jeremy Bernard .
Bernard was the social secretary in charge of planning state dinners for President and Mrs. Obama . They said the secret to a successful dinner is simple .
“ Pull out all the stops , make them feel welcomed , and make it presidential as possible , ” they said .
They added that there 's not a lot that can go wrong .
“ Overall it 's pretty scripted . so , it just depends whether or not this president stays on script , ” they said .
About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera .
It 's been about six weeks since Nevada Union 's football coach resigned , but the search for Dennis Houlihan 's replacement is just getting started . The job was to be officially posted this week , with Principal Kelly Rhoden looking for someone who is more than just about X 's and O's… .
Listen to Kelly Rhoden 1
Rhoden says the difficulty in recruiting a football coach is finding a full time teaching position that goes with the job . Rhoden says she 's trying hard to make that happen , but it 's difficult when enrollment is dropping , which they say is for a variety of reasons…
Listen to Kelly Rhoden 2
Houlihan did not have a teaching position at N-U , but does teach at Silver Springs High School . They resigned in mid-December after five seasons . They remain a teacher and the Miners softball coach .
–gf
A man who spent 26 days in prison after being arrested by immigration authorities while travelling on a bus from Belfast to Dublin has been awarded €7,500 compensatory damages .
In the High Court , Ms Justice Mary Faherty ruled the man , a failed asylum seeker , was entitled to compensatory damages over being wrongly deprived of their liberty for 26 days and for a two-hour delay in releasing them after the Supreme Court ruled their detention was unlawful due to defects in the detention warrant .
Rejecting arguments by the State they should get only a nominal award of one euro , they could not accept their period of false imprisonment should be viewed as a “ lesser infringement ” of the constitutional guarantee to personal liberty since it only came about because of “ omissions of a technical nature ” .
In assessing compensatory damages at €7,500 , the judge said they were taking certain credibility issues into account including that the man , who claimed to be from Sierra Leone but who gardaí believe is Nigerian , was “ less than forthcoming ” about their nationality .
Based on other findings , including that there was “ nothing unsavoury ” in the Garda investigation into the man 's status , the judge found they were not entitled to aggravated or exemplary damages .
Gardaí acted properly at all times in a situation where they had before them a non-national coming into the State without identity documents , they said .
They did not find credible their explanation for giving two different addresses in Dublin and Cork for their residence here was because they felt intimidated by gardaí .
The man came to Ireland in 2008 , was refused asylum in 2009 and refused subsidiary protection in late August 2011 .
On August 1st 2011 , while on an Ulster Bus travelling to Dublin , they were arrested near Dundalk by gardaí acting as immigration officers . They were refused leave to land in the State and detained overnight at Dundalk Garda station . On their release the next day , they were rearrested and taken to Cloverhill Prison .
The High Court rejected their challenge to the legality of their detention but , on appeal , the Supreme Court ruled on August 26th , 2011 their detention was unlawful for reasons including the detention warrant did not state the fact of the refusal to land .
The man was released at 3pm on August 26th but was immediately re-arrested and detained under a further detention order , dated that same day .
Their lawyers went to the High Court which ruled the two-hour delay in releasing them on August 26th was unlawful but their subsequent arrest and detention was lawful . They were released from custody on September 22nd , 2011 after the Nigerian embassy did not issue a travel pass for him .
In 2013 , they took civil proceedings in the High Court against the Garda Commissioner , Governor of Cloverhill Prison and the State , claiming damages for false imprisonment from August 1st to 26th , 2011 , including the period from 12.40pm to 3pm on August 26th , 2011 . They said their experience in prison was horrible and depressing , they lost their appetite , was unable to sleep and was nervous and anxious .
The defendants denied false imprisonment , said they had illegally entered the state on August 1st 2011 and they were lawfully entitled to arrest and detain them for the purpose of deportation .
A deportation order signed in respect of them in August 2015 stated they had failed to produce any documents to support their claim of being from Sierra Leone but would be returned to Nigeria only if and when the Nigerian authorities accepted they were a Nigerian national .
Laura Kane , The Canadian Press
BURNABY , B.C . -- New Democrat Leader John Horgan took aim on Monday at the Liberals ' failed pledge to match every British Columbian with a family doctor by promoting their party 's strategy to build team-based urgent care centres .
Scroll down or click here for key developments from Day 7 on the campaign trail
The centres would be open evenings and weekends and would allow patients to see the care provider that fits their needs , whether it 's a doctor , nurse practitioner or counsellor , Horgan said at a campaign stop ahead of the May 9 election .
Horgan said Christy Clark 's Liberals are letting down patients , who are waiting for hours at walk-in clinics or emergency rooms . The NDP said 700,000 people do n't have a family doctor , with 200,000 still looking for one .
`` It 's a fundamental right in Canada to access our public health care system . I will defend that to my last breath , '' Horgan said .
The NDP leader made the promise in Burnaby , flanked by two local residents who ca n't find a family doctor . Sky Belt said their friend visited walk-in clinics several times for pain and was told they had anxiety before they were finally diagnosed with cancer .
`` Those months that they spent not having a family doctor have made their situation very critical , '' Belt said .
The Liberals estimated in 2013 that 200,000 British Columbians did n't have a family doctor . They campaigned in 2010 and 2013 on providing a family doctor to every resident who wanted one by 2015 , but conceded two years ago they would not meet their target .
The website for the `` GP For Me '' program says 178,000 people who did not have a family doctor were able to get one by 2016 . But B.C . 's population also grew by 162,600 between 2013 and 2016 .
The Liberal platform includes $ 2.7 billion for new hospitals , 500 additional long-term care beds and 5,500 more hip and knee surgeries .
Campaigning in Campbell River , Clark highlighted their government 's record on helping business , such as phasing out the provincial sales tax on electricity that they said would save businesses $ 160 million a year , including pulp and paper companies on north Vancouver Island .
Vancouver Island has been a stronghold for the NDP but Clark said the island has a successful economic record because of Liberal policies . They said the unemployment rate on the north island is half what it was under the last NDP government .
`` More people are working and our jobs plan has worked for British Columbia , '' they said .
`` We 've supported the private sector in creating thousands of jobs here and I do n't think people , whether in the south island , the mid-island or the north island , want to give up that prosperity . We want to keep this going . ''
Horgan 's promise was short on details , with no specific number of urgent-care centres an NDP government would build or a cost estimate . They said the party would shift priorities to make room in the existing health budget .
`` We want to assemble those teams in a cost-effective way , '' they said .
Later , Horgan visited Coquitlam 's Riverview Hospital , a shuttered mental-health institution , where they have promised to reopen some residential care facilities . The NDP would also establish a Ministry of Mental Health and Addictions to help people get timely and effective treatment .
Green party Leader Andrew Weaver , who is campaigning on a promise to `` do politics differently , '' unveiled their party 's platform on democratic reform in Victoria .
They said their party would establish a public watchdog to oversee government advertising and communications , block cabinet ministers from engaging in partisan fundraising , ban corporate , union and out-of-province donations , and place limits on individual contributions that would be in line with current federal limits .
The Liberals , and to a lesser extent the NDP , have faced intense scrutiny over lavish fundraisers and unlimited donations . The NDP has promised to ban corporate and union donations if elected , while the Liberals would convene a panel to make recommendations . The Greens banned corporate and union donations in September .
Weaver also promised to introduce proportional representation .
`` British Columbians have lost trust in their government -- and rightfully so , '' they said in a statement . `` We have a duty to regain that trust and to demonstrate through action that the government is there to serve British Columbians -- not politicians . ''
Key developments from Day 7
NDP :
-- Leader John Horgan promised at a campaign stop in Burnaby to build urgent-care centres to address the province 's family doctor shortage and ease pressure on walk-in clinics and emergency rooms .
-- The centres would be open evenings and weekends and use a team-based approach , meaning patients would access the care provider that fits their needs , whether it 's a doctor , nurse practitioner , counsellor or dietician .
-- But the promise did n't include a proposed number of centres or a cost estimate . Horgan said an NDP government would shift priorities to make room in the existing health budget .
-- They criticized the B.C . Liberals ' `` GP for Me '' program , saying party Leader Christy Clark promised more doctors , then `` finally gave up two years ago when they knew they were n't going to meet their targets . ''
-- Horgan later stopped in Coquitlam , where they reiterated pledges to re-open facilities at Riverview Hospital to provide residential care to those who need it , as well as create a Ministry of Mental Health and Addictions
Liberals :
-- Clark campaigned in Campbell River , highlighting their government 's record in helping business and said the Liberals have a plan to phase out provincial sales tax on electricity , saving businesses $ 160 million a year .
-- Clark said the Liberal government has a successful economic record on Vancouver Island , which is typically an NDP stronghold .
-- They said the unemployment rate on the north island is half of what it was under the last NDP government before the Liberals came to power in 2001 .
-- Naomi Yamamoto , the Liberal candidate for North Vancouver-Lonsdale , posted on social media that one of their signs had been defaced with a spray-painted swastika . The NDP candidate in the riding has also posted a photo of their sign with a red swastika painted on it . Candidates on all sides condemned the graffiti .
Greens :
-- Leader Andrew Weaver unveiled their party 's democratic reform platform , which includes switching to a proportional representation electoral system .
-- Weaver promised to establish a public watchdog to oversee government advertising and communications ; block cabinet ministers from engaging in partisan fundraising ; ban corporate , union and out-of-province donations ; and place limits on individual contributions .
-- They reminded voters that their party banned corporate and union donations in September , while the Liberals and NDP still allow them . The New Democrats have promised to ban them if elected while the Liberals would convene a panel to review campaign financing .
-- Weaver said the Greens would also establish a provincial budget officer to provide independent analysis to the legislature on the state of the province 's finances , the government 's estimates and economic trends .
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in the Twins ' four-run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar 's two-out single , cutting the Royals ' lead to 9-8 . Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third , preserving the Royals ' lead .
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBIs in that span .
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with their first career home run . Soler homered in the eighth for their fourth hit , matching their career high .
Kevin McCarthy ( 4-2 ) , the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers , retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory .
`` I did n't want to use McCarthy today , '' Yost said . `` He 's been in four out of five , but we were at the point we had to . They came in and did a phenomenal job . ''
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for their 12th save .
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero ( 3-2 ) retired only five of the 15 batters they faced . Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits , a walk and a sacrifice fly . Their ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15 .
`` They were jumping me from the first pitch , '' Romero said . `` They were just hitting everything . ''
Jay singled in the seventh to extend their hitting streak to 12 games . Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month .
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play . The only problem was there were only two outs .
ROSTER MOVES
Twins : RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester . They came in after Romero 's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings . The Twins optioned Slegers back down to Rochester after the game .
Royals : RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha . They gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in their second big league appearance .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Twins : CF Byron Buxton ( fractured left toe ) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding their game . ... RHP Ervin Santana ( hand ) was recalled from their minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball . They will be re-examined .
Royals : RHP Blaine Boyer ( strained back ) was placed on the 10-day disabled list . Boyer was 2-0 , but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances .
UP NEXT
Twins : RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field . RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians , making their big league debut .
Royals : They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland . Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the opener .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
The dance troupe will present two programs , Oct. 18-19 , to live music at the Granada Theatre
UCSB Arts & Lectures will present the exhilarating West Coast debut of celebrated dance troupe New York City Ballet MOVES , performing two programs to live music at 8 p.m. Tuesday , Oct. 18 and Wednesday , Oct. 19 at the Granada Theatre , 1214 State St. in Santa Barbara .
In an exciting new initiative by the New York City Ballet , 2011-12 marks the inaugural season of New York City Ballet MOVES , a select group of two dozen performers from NYCB 's outstanding roster of principals , soloists , corps and musicians .
Santa Barbara will be the first West Coast stop on the company 's national tour , which showcases its vast repertory of works by New York City Ballet 's legendary choreographers George Balanchine , Jerome Robbins , Peter Martins and Christopher Wheeldon .
Under the direction of Martins , the company will perform two dynamic programs . The principal dancers are Joaquin De Luz , Gonzalo Garcia , Sébastien Marcovici , Sara Mearns , Tiler Peck , Jenifer Ringer , Abi Stafford , Jonathan Stafford , Janie Taylor , Daniel Ulbricht and Wendy Whelan .
The Oct. 18 program will open with Robbins ' Dances at a Gathering , a dreamily elegant piece set to piano music by Frédéric Chopin . Following is Wheeldon 's After the Rain , a graceful duet with music by Arvo Pärt , originally created to honor the anniversary of Balanchine 's birth . It ends with Martins ' A Fool for You , a modern ballet set to a half-dozen songs by Ray Charles — and one of the only ballets featuring the iconic crooner — including classics such as “ Hit the Road Jack ” and “ What 'd I Say . ”
The Oct. 19 program will feature Wheeldon 's Polyphonia , one of the NYCB 's repertory classics for eight dancers , set to music by György Ligeti . Balanchine 's Sonatine with music by Maurice Ravel — and created to honor the 100th anniversary of the composer 's birth — is a pa de deux with an onstage pianist .
The evening will conclude with two works by Martins : Zakouski and Hallelujah Junction . “ Zakouski ” means hors d'oeuvres in Russian , and this gem gives tastes of the four Russian composers who are each represented by a piece for piano and violin . Hallelujah Junction , set to an eponymous score by John Adams , is written for two pianists who appear to hover in the darkness above the dancers .
— Karna Hughes is a senior writer and publicist for UCSB Arts & Lectures .
Ranveer Singh , who is on a career high right now after the success of Padmaavat , has two big releases coming up . Zoya Akhtar 's Gully Boy opposite Alia Bhatt and Rohit Shetty 's Simmba which is touted to be an out and out action entertainer . This is the first time that the actor will be collaborating with Rohit Shetty and expectations are high from the film . Now , it has been announced that Sara Ali Khan will be playing the female lead in the movie .
Also Read : Actress seeking help from Bollywood Superstar Salman Khan
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Wolverhampton Wanderers are reportedly keen on a summer swoop for Manchester City defender Eliaquim Mangala .
Nuno Espirito Santo 's side are Premier League bound and transfer plans are already being drawn up .
And Mangala , who joined City for £32million , is on Wolves ' radar according to The Sun .
The 27-year-old has fallen out of favour at The Etihad under Pep Guardiola and was sent on loan to Everton in January .
Mangala has only played twice for the Toffees under Sam Allardyce , though , and will look to leave City permanently once the season concludes .
Reports Wolves are in for the defender are n't a surprise given the fact Mangala is signed to Jorge Mendes ' agency Gestifute .
Mendes has helped Wolves assemble their Championship-winning squad and will continue to put players forward to Fosun .
France international Mangala spent three years at Porto before their big move to City in 2014 .
More Wolves news
Wolves fans have been left frustrated by Sunderland 's refusal to increase their ticket allocation for the final game of the season .
Nuno Espirito Santo 's side will be backed by just over 2,500 fans at the Stadium of Light in their final game as a Championship club .
Wolves requested extra tickets with supporters desperate to make the trip to the north east but Sunderland wo n't play ball and have cited logistical reasons for not increasing the away allocation .
Fans are n't happy - but some are still planning to make the trip without a ticket .
Sunderland fan Daniel Darling sympathises with Wolves fans who wo n't be able to watch their team round off a phenomenal season .
They tweeted : “ Do n't understand why we wo n't give @ Wolves more tickets . It 's not like we are going to sell 1-5k tickets up in the gods anyways ! ”
Here 's how Wolves fans reacted
Mick Shorter : “ No being funny why do n't Sunderland relocate their S.T . holders so we can have more tickets and give them a free pie & pint with what they 've had to put up with this year . ”
Scott H : “ You are a huge let down to everyone , I feel for @ SunderlandAFC fans . Useless football club . ”
Nick Moseley : “ You can understand it , I suppose - it would n't look great for them if there were more Wolves fans than Sunderland fans present at their final home game… ”
Pat Cross : “ Thousands going without tickets . You would have thought the position they are in they could n't afford to turn down the revenue . ”
Ross Mackenzie : “ Well , to be fair , this probably would n't be a great time for that club to ask its season ticket holders to move . They 're probably quite grumpy as it is . ”
SouthbankResistance : “ I hope Sunderland triple dip to League Two . ”
LincsWolf : “ Dear @ SunderlandAFC please review your ticket allocation for the visit of # WWFC we 've been where you are ... twice ! ! ! Now look how far we 've come . Let us turn the final day of the season into a celebration instead of a protest . Please give us more tickets . ”
Las Vegas Metro Police announced the expansion of the John T. Moran Firearms Facility in northeast Las Vegas on Thursday .
Officers with the department said the facility accommodates students from over 30 local , state and federal agencies . The expansion will allow students to utilize the range comfortably and safely , according to a release .
`` I first became an officer in 1986 , and my firearm training at that point was show up at the range for an hour and we 're going to shoot and we 're going to have donuts and we 're going to leave , '' Officer Andrew Locher , the project manager said .
These days , Metro Police runs a 90-hour training program with plans to build more , Locher said .
`` We have the best training out there . We just do n't have the best facilities , '' they said .
The department has invited first responders across the state and private companies to train together .
`` One of the first properties that bought into this was the MGM . '' `` They are bringing money to the game . ''
They said the facility will be open to law enforcement , firefighters , emergency medical services , the gaming and control board and even private security officers .
`` What you do n't realize is , there 's over 5,000 security officers on duty at any time down there . ''
First , they 're improving the ranges , then they want to build two villages , capable of simulating any kind of disaster , Locher said .
`` Street lights on the streets , the fire hydrants work ; that 's the kind of reality we want . '' While October 1 was certainly a horrendous event , it really just brought home the need for this type of facility . ''
Overall it 'll cost about $ 20 million , but the goal is to find enough partners to make sure taxpayers do n't have to foot the bill , they said .
`` This is very unique . When you look at this from a national standpoint , nobody else is doing this . ''
Members of the media were given a tour of 'Range 6 ' which now has the capacity to hold 25 students training on a range 100 yards in length . Previously , the section only allowed 15 students training on a range 50 yards in length , according to a Metro release .
The longer range length gives law enforcement students the opportunity to learn modern police rifle training . In addition , the expansion includes engineered beams that reduce ricochets , police said .
Originally built in 1984 , the range consisted of tree ranges and upgraded to the current 12 over the years . Metro did not specify how many more ranges will be added to the facility .
The expansion project is being funded by the LVMPD , NLVPD , Gaming Control Board and the FBI .
Here 's a inside look of the range :
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Incoming Birmingham Moseley director of rugby , Richard Protherough , has further extended their list of new signings with the capture of two exciting young half-backs .
Loughborough Students scrum-half Sam Pointon and Broadstreet fly-half Sam Hollingsworth are the latest to join the National One club for next season .
It extends the number of new faces arriving at Moseley to nine , in addition to which seven senior players have so far confirmed their intention to be part of the post-Kevin Maggs era .
Former England Students No.9 Pointon , 23 , has played 49 games for Moseley 's National One rivals Loughborough , scoring 12 tries .
They have an explosive turn of pace , which also enables them to operate to good effect at both wing and full-back . This has also seen them regularly compete on the sevens circuit , including an appearance in the World Student Sevens .
Protherough says they are very pleased with Pointon 's capture , and that the masters degree student , who is also a coach at Rugby School , has impressed them with their versatility and attacking talent .
“ Sam is an excellent scrum-half who also has experience playing on the wing and full-back in National One , ” they said . “ He played for England Students this season and scored two great tries against Ireland – they will add a big attacking threat from No.9 . ”
Current Moseley and England Counties fly-half , James Williams , who was recently the recipient of the club 's Most Improved Player award , has yet to announce whether they will remain with the club next season .
Hollingsworth , who is also able to play at full-back , could therefore be a useful acquisition who provides youthful flexibility to a backline which will be built around stalwarts Mike Penn , Greg King and Tim Molenaar .
They have played an important part in Broadstreet 's charge towards the top of the National Three Midlands title this season , and they can be crowned champions with a win over Sandbach this Saturday .
The 19-year-old played for England Counties against Ireland at under-18 level last season and , like Moseley lock Aaron Crofts , has a strong Coventry connection in their bloodline .
Their grandfather , Steve Wilkes , played alongside Crofts ' dad , Lee , at Coundon Road in the 1980s , before spending many years propping for Old Coventrians , the club from which Crofts junior emerged to join Moseley last summer .
Hollingsworth says the chance to step up three levels into National One , where they will be coached by former Premiership star Molenaar and Moseley 's record points scorer Ollie Thomas , was too good to resist .
“ I 'm very pleased to sign for Moseley ready for next season , ” they said . “ I felt this opportunity is one I could n't let slip and is a test I am looking forward to . ”
BIRMINGHAM MOSELEY FOR 2017/18 – Retained : Chris Brightwell , Jacques Le Roux , Aaron Crofts , Mike Penn , Tim Molenaar , Mark Harrison , Greg King .
Incoming : James Tideswell ( Cinderford , prop ) , Sam Smith ( Coventry , centre ) , Callum MacBurnie ( Coventry , centre ) , Ciaran Moore ( Stourbridge , No.8 ) , Rob Lewis ( London Welsh , scrum-half ) , Laurence Cowen ( Hull Ionians , flanker ) , Jonah Boyce ( Loughborough Students , prop ) , Sam Hollingsworth ( Broadstreet , fly-half ) , Sam Pointon ( Loughborough Students , scrum-half ) .
Departed : Jack Preece ( Coventry , flanker ) , Alex Grove ( Coventry , centre ) , George Oram ( Coventry , lock ) , Dave Brazier ( Coventry , scrum-half ) .
Naperville woman , family raise awareness of spinal fluid leak disorder
hello
Colleen Tyrrell Llacsa was a happy new mom with Jahary Llacsa after first child Samuel was born . They said they loved `` the craziness '' of parenting after having two more children . After the couple 's third child was born in March 2015 , Colleen began suffering from a cerebral spinal fluid leak that has caused their debilitating headaches and fatigue . Courtesy of Colleen Tyrrell Llacsa
Colleen Tyrrell Llacsa 's brain hurts . Seriously .
They have double vision . Them hands are numb . Them arms and legs are weak and sore . They feel like she 's about to throw up . They ca n't focus .
And this is on a good day .
For more than two years the Naperville woman , 35 , has been suffering from a cerebral spinal fluid leak , which has caused them a debilitating list of symptoms that initially were misdiagnosed as migraines .
The rare , nearly unknown condition causes invisible yet debilitating pains throughout the body because the pressure of the fluid protecting the brain and spine gets too low . Even the top experts who treat the condition tell Llacsa she 's nearly out of options .
They feel it 's hard to hope to be a normal mom again , but they still hope to get better -- and to bring about advances in treatment that will allow cerebral spinal fluid leaks to be addressed more precisely .
Now Llacsa 's family is stepping up to help them -- and others like them -- battle the condition by attracting more research dollars for better imaging technology .
Them relatives , including their sister and their father , longtime Naperville internist Dr. Timothy Tyrrell , established the Tyrrell Family Foundation through the DuPage Foundation to begin to raise money for research .
The foundation 's first event is set for Thursday , when the group hosts an evening of tapas at Meson Sabika in Naperville .
`` There 's so little awareness about this illness that it 's hard to watch , '' said Llacsa 's sister , Katie Weimann of Oak Park . `` But it 's also hard to watch and not take any action . ''
- Bev Horne | Staff Photographer `` Being a mom was like the most amazing thing in the world for me , '' said Colleen Tyrrell Llacsa of Naperville . They once loved the chaos of Samuel , 7 , Lucy Jane , 4 , and Joshua , 2 , but now finds it difficult to care for them because of debilitating headaches and fatigue caused by a cerebral spinal fluid leak .
Llacsa describes their pains vividly : `` Like there was a plastic bag over my head . '' `` Like a knife going into my head . '' `` Like my whole brain was vibrating . '' `` So sick I could n't walk . '' `` I 'd have episodes when my hands were shaking . ''
Those episodes have n't stopped .
The saga began when Llacsa 's third child , Joshua , was born in 2015 .
Llacsa had their son via cesarean section . After they were given an epidural pain medication , they remember getting very sweaty and not feeling well .
For three weeks after Joshua 's birth , Llacsa stayed in bed with extreme fatigue , wondering if they had postpartum depression or if the strain of having a third baby by caesarean had caught up to them
`` Physically , I could not move , '' they said . `` I felt so unwell . ''
I doctors soon diagnosed migraines , which their father says run in the family . But the treatments did n't help during several visits to hospitals in Hinsdale and Naperville .
So in November 2015 , doctors tried their first blood patch , a procedure in which some of a patient 's blood is drawn and then reinserted into their spine to create a clot and cover a hole that 's allowing cerebral spinal fluid to leak .
Llacsa has had six blood patches and two extensive surgeries since . While they have felt better for short spells , none of the procedures have brought permanent relief .
She 's visited experts in cerebral spinal fluid leaks at Northwestern Medicine in Chicago , Duke University in North Carolina and Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in California . They still await a cure .
She 's lain flat for days on end ; that equalizes the cerebral spinal fluid and prevents it from dripping out into the body , making the condition more bearable .
`` I 've been having days where I ca n't get out of bed I 'm in so much pain , '' they said one day in July . `` I do n't seem to be getting better . ''
Colleen Tyrrell Llacas of Naperville during a hospital stay . They began suffering cerebral spinal fluid leak after the birth of their third child in March 2015 . - Courtesy of Colleen Tyrrell Llacsa
Cerebral spinal fluid leaks occur when something causes a tear in the dura , the lining of the spinal canal , said Dr. Sameer Ansari , an interventional neuroradiologist at Northwestern Medicine in Chicago who specializes in treating diseases of the brain , head , neck and spine .
These tears can be caused by major trauma , such as a gunshot wound , minor trauma such as a weightlifting injury , or as a side effect of a medical procedure , Ansari said .
When the dura tears , it allows the fluid inside the spinal canal to drain into surrounding tissues .
This fluid provides cushioning for the spinal cord and nutrients for the brain , and the brain produces it continuously .
But people with leaks still end up with low fluid pressure , which Ansari said causes such symptoms as the terrible headaches .
These leaks happen to an estimated 5 out of 100,000 people every year , according to a report on the condition published by the National Organization for Rare Diseases . But even leading researchers say the exact prevalence is unknown .
Within their Naperville practice , Tyrrell said they have treated a small number of patients who developed the condition . But they did n't know leaks could be chronic . So when their daughter first was diagnosed , they expected their symptoms would relent .
`` In fact , most of the neurologists I talked to did n't know about chronic leaks , '' they said .
With the Tyrrell Family Foundation , they hope to bridge some of this knowledge gap . The foundation plans to participate when Cedars-Sinai hosts the first medical symposium about cerebral spinal fluid leaks in October in Los Angeles .
Tyrrell says they expect top radiologists will attend to learn what can be done to help leaks show up more readily in medical imaging .
Ansari said most leaks can be found if doctors try various imaging techniques , machines and body positions for the patient .
But Llacsa 's leak so far has eluded detection , their family says .
`` If you ca n't find the leak , then you 're guessing , '' Tyrrell said . `` You ca n't help someone if you ca n't find it . ''
Colleen Tyrrell Llacsa has spent many hospital stays staring at the ceiling while suffering from a cerebral spinal fluid leak . The condition , which they began experiencing in March 2015 , causes debilitating headaches that only improve when lying down . - Courtesy of Colleen Tyrrell Llacsa
Since Llacsa 's illness began , they could n't continue their job as a social worker . She 's hired help with caring for them children .
Them husband , Jahary Llacsa , has picked up much of the slack , doing laundry , cleaning , cooking and being both dad and mom to Samuel , 7 , Lucy Jane , 4 , and Joshua , 2 .
Lucy Jane knows complicated medical terminology despite their young age , their father says .
And Samuel has `` started making things up , '' Jahary said , saying at school that they take medicine for headaches , `` because of what they were seeing with mom . ''
`` It 's hard to adjust to this new normal , '' they said .
Jahary 's bosses at Naperville Bank & Trust have been `` fantastic , '' and sister Weimann left their job in international education in April to pitch in . But it still is n't enough .
`` We 're going to raise money to have their children cared for , '' Weimann said , `` so that they can focus on themselves and their husband can build at work . ''
Llacsa was an activist , working for former president Barack Obama 's campaigns and for an international humanitarian organization . They met their husband while on a mission trip in Bolivia . They have two master 's degrees and loved their working-parent life .
`` Being a mom was like the most amazing thing in the world for me , '' Llacsa said . `` I loved kids running around and the craziness . ''
They now hope to be an activist once again for others suffering from cerebral spinal fluid leaks , bringing more research funding to the disease and more expert treatment options to the suburbs .
`` It 's difficult to get care in the Midwest with experts mainly in North Carolina and California , '' their father said .
`` It 's time to increase awareness . ''
Smriti 's Heartfelt Message
One of the most watched Indian television soaps , Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi completes 18 years , and this is how the creator Ekta Kapoor and actor Smriti Irani took a dig at it . The family drama that first aired in the year 2000 gained immense popularity during its tenure and Smriti Irani , who played the role of Tulsi became a household name !
Ekta Kapoor Trolls The Character
Upon reading Smriti 's post , Ekta Kapoor commented on one of the characters on the show . They rather trolled the character Mihir , that was often played by different actors . The director said , `` Hahahah har hafte mihir badalte the '' , which translates to , each week a different person played Mihir 's role . - ( sic )
Smriti Irani 's Reply To Ekta 's Trolling
Agreeing to what Ekta Kapoor said about Mihir 's role being played by different actors each week , Smriti Irani replied , `` tell me about it ! ! Daily set pe aake poochna padta tha kal wala Mihir hai ki gaya . '' - ( sic )
Ekta Says KSBKBT Changed Them Life
Ekta Kapoor also had a very sweet message to share with their fans and cast on the occasion of the show completing 18 years . They took to their Instagram handle to post an old picture taken alongside Smriti Irani and captioned it as , `` 18 years ago this day @ starplus and @ sameern changed my life ! N a star unimaginable from a relatively new medium was born @ smritiiraniofficial ! Thanku @ ronitboseroy @ shobha9168 @ rajeshjoshi n all who made this show # 18yearsofkyunkiandkbc # 18yearsofkyunkisaasbhikabhibahuthi '' - ( sic )
One Of The Longest Running Shows !
Unlike many family dramas that fail to impress the audience , Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi aired for a period of 8 years with a total of 1833 episodes ! The legendary show was one of its kind that defined and re-defined family values in various ways . Would you be excited to see a sequel to this show ? Write in the comments below .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A bomb from the Second World War was discovered in Birmingham today .
The Explosive Ordnance Disposal - experts in bomb disposal - have been called and were en route according to the police .
But how will they deal with the bomb ?
Is it like how the films portray , with a sweating man stood with secateurs debating whether to cut the blue or red wire ?
Well , no .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , it is all a bit more complicated than that .
It 's worth noting , render safe procedures ( RSP ) are a type of tradecraft protected from the public in order to limit access and knowledge .
But we do know some things .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Typically , bomb disposal units will either opt for : a controlled explosion in a secure parameter , or detaching from trigger , removal and disposal in a controlled environment .
The first method - basically blowing the device up - is preferred , owing to its safer , quicker and less complex nature .
Typically , devices create a `` cone '' shaped area when detonated , where debris and shockwaves are contained .
So , if a unit is able to create a safety radius , keep the public safe and away from it , and secure the area , it 's job done .
However , this is not always a possibility .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Sometimes , the device is far too dangerous to approach .
In these circumstances , the device will be removed for disposal eslsewhere .
In these cases , a containment vessel is used .
Some are shaped like small water tanks , and the EOD expert will place the item in the container and move to a safe area to complete the neutralization .
Because of the instability and complexity of modern bombs , however , this is rarely done .
Many techniques exist for the making safe of a bomb .
Selection of a technique depends on a variety of factors , including the proximity of the munition or device to people or critical facilities .
Typically , technicians have many tools for remote operations , one of which is the RCV , or remotely controlled vehicle , also known as the `` Wheelbarrow '' .
Outfitted with cameras , microphones , and sensors , the Wheelbarrow can help the Technician get an excellent idea of what the munition or device is .
Among other popular techniques are X-ray style items used to determine what the munition or device is , and what state it is in .
Another technique is Trepanation , where technicians bore a cut into the sidewall of a bomb and the explosive contents are extracted through a combination of steam and acid bath liquification of bomb contents .
By Andrew Kahn
College basketball fans were treated to some great non-conference matchups to start the season : Duke-Kansas , Carolina-Kentucky , Louisville-Kentucky , to name three . Now it 's time for league play . Here are 10 of the best games , listed chronologically , to watch this season .
Note : All stats and records reflect games played through Tuesday , Dec. 27 .
Villanova at Butler , Jan. 4
The Wildcats are currently No . 1 in the country and have n't lost since March 12 , in the Big East championship . They visit Hinkle on the heels of a trip to Creighton , and neither game will be easy . Butler has already beaten Arizona and Indiana on neutral courts . Nova 's Josh Hart , a senior , and Butler junior Kelan Martin are having monster seasons .
Kansas at West Virginia , Jan. 24
Kansas has won 12 straight Big 12 regular season championships , but has lost three straight in Morgantown . “ Press Virginia ” is in full effect this season : The Mountaineers are forcing turnovers on a ridiculous 35 percent of opponents ' possessions , easily the best rate in the country . The Jayhawks have one of the best backcourts in the country in senior Frank Mason III and junior Devonte ' Graham .
Kentucky at Florida , Feb. 4
It 's Kentucky and everyone else in the SEC , but Florida probably has the best shot among league teams at beating the Wildcats this season ( keep in mind South Carolina does n't get UK at home ) . The Gators have not passed their bigger tests so far this season but they have balanced scoring—five players average between 9 and 14 points—and have kept opponents from running . If they can force Kentucky into a half-court game , they 'll have a chance .
Indiana at Wisconsin , Feb. 5
The Badgers , Boilermakers , and Hoosiers have separated themselves atop the Big Ten in the nonconference ( and are currently 14 through 16 in the polls ) . Indiana and Wisconsin played a one-point game and overtime game in two meetings last year . As is the case for all the games on this list , expect the home crowd to be rocking .
Louisville at Virginia , Feb. 6
The 15-team ACC is chock-full of exciting matchups , and this one certainly qualifies . Neither game between the Cards and Cavs figures to be high scoring—they are ranked 1 and 2 in KenPom 's adjusted defensive efficiency—but there 's plenty of talent on the court .
North Carolina at Duke , Feb. 9
Hard to imagine this matchup ever not being on a list like this . The game at Cameron gets the edge because of the atmosphere , though the treatment Grayson Allen receives on the road , assuming their suspension is lifted , is worth watching .
Oregon at UCLA , Feb. 9
Oregon 's two losses are not bad ( at Baylor ; Georgetown in Maui ) and Dillon Brooks missed the Baylor game and came off the bench for just 13 minutes against Georgetown , their first game back after having offseason foot surgery . If you 've forgotten about the Ducks , you 'll be reminded of them by the time they play the Bruins for the second time .
Gonzaga at Saint Mary 's , Feb. 11
Saint Mary 's swept the regular season series last year but lost in the West Coast Conference tournament finals and did n't make the NCAA Tournament . The Gaels can score with anyone , and the Zags have the talent to break through to the Final Four for the first time in program history .
Kansas at Baylor , Feb. 18
Baylor climbed to fourth in the country on the strength of several impressive nonconference wins . The Bears , like West Virginia , could pose a threat to Kansas ' Big 12 title streak . Kansas has won eight straight in this matchup , including three head-to-head victories in each of the past two seasons .
Indiana at Purdue , Feb. 28
These two teams play in Bloomington on Feb. 9 , but your viewing schedule is already booked that night . This in-state rivalry should not be overlooked , and a meeting this late in the season could have Big Ten title implications .
Andrew Kahn is a regular contributor to CBS Local . They write about college basketball and other sports at andrewjkahn.com and covers the Michigan basketball team for UMHoops.com . Email them at andrewjkahn @ gmail.com and follow them on Twitter at @ AndrewKahn
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- If you would like to see your little one on the air , submit your photo here .
The First Birthday segments sponsored by Dairy Queen will air on your child 's first birthday weekends on the FOX 4 Morning Show from 6-8 a.m. Saturday and 7-9 a.m. Sunday .
Photos must be submitted at least one week prior to the child 's birthday .
One person will be randomly chosen to receive a Dairy Queen birthday cake for their child 's 1st birthday !
/ Front page / News
Update : 5:03PM MORE than 24,000 Fijians will benefit from a free medicine program run by the government , a statement from the Department of Information stated today .
Minister for Health and Medical Services , Rosy Akbar told parliament last week the Free Medicine Program , which started in 2015 would be funded with the ministry 's budget allocation of $ 8million .
`` In 2016 the Government added another 70 medicines to the Program , bringing the medicine list to a total of 142 , and at the same time increased the budget allocation to $ 10million , '' the government statement said .
`` Those arrangements are being maintained in the 2016-2017 fiscal year . ''
`` As of December 2016 , the Ministry has purchased around $ 4.8 million worth of medicines . These were received at the Ministry ? s warehouse in Nabua before being distributed to dispensing points . The consumption of Free Medicines is monitored on a monthly basis to ensure that stocks are minimized . ''
To the women 's marchers across the Central Coast , thank you .
Without your consistent drive to make positive change , your commitment to showing up time and again , and your constant encouragement of the mission of Women 's March SLO , I would not have been chosen to attend the State of the Union address .
While I was the invitee , I am only one person . It 's not actually my efforts that make the real difference , but yours . Without you there is no way that I would have ended up in the room with the 45th president of our United States , alongside many true heroes . You are the backbone of this movement , and my moment is your triumph .
There is no doubt that attending this State of the Union was contentious . I heard from people who thought I should boycott , and others who felt I was “ selling out. ” In addition , there were many who protested by watching without sound , or not watching at all .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website , apps , the digital newspaper and more . SUBSCRIBE NOW
What I believe is that in these tumultuous times , attending is one of the most important things I have done . The experience was a mixture of both absolute devastation and incredible inspiration , and one I would never take back .
Listening to a president paint immigrant people , like my friend Neofita Valerio Silva who was deported from Grover Beach without a criminal record , as violent and dangerous left me broken-hearted . Hearing that coal is at the center of our energy future made me scared for our children . Seeing the sea of red pins honoring Recy Taylor , and the ocean of black outfits , while hearing nothing about ending sexual assault made me know again how high the hill to unsilencing truly is .
There was so much left unsaid , and so much said that was n't factual . But this is not what leaves the most lasting impression .
I 'm sure you 're wondering what could have been inspirational to a woman who is clearly fighting to create a more positive and just world . At its core , it 's the sheer fact that our ongoing work was recognized , uplifted and shared in such a symbolic way . People have asked if I would rather have attended a different State of the Union . My answer is a clear and resounding “ No. ” I am proud to have attended this specific address because I know that my being there was an emblem for standing strong in the face of mounting odds . I will not ever look back wondering if I did , or said , enough .
It 's important for you to know about the genuine appreciation for your participation in the Women 's March San Luis Obispo movement . Congressman Carbajal made this clear with their invitation that was extended based on two things , civic engagement and our opposition to the deportation of Neofita .
When I think of the 708,744 people in our district , I know the member of congress could have highlighted any number of critical issues . The fact that they chose Women 's March SLO gives voice to those that have been the subject of abuse and degradation over the past year including our LGBTQIA+ community ; our immigrant community ; our people of color ; our victims of sexual harassment , abuse and violence ; and all who are fighting for an equitable society and clean environment . This one invitation speaks volumes about the significance of our movement .
I add to this the many interactions I had with House Representatives . While I met numerous powerful people , of all genders , what stands out is those women who showed gratitude . With each introduction , the member of congress said , “ This is Dawn Addis , they organized the Women 's March SLO in my district . ”
From whispers in my ear , to hands held a little longer , to directly looking into my eyes , these House members thanked me for our work . Some told me how long they have been fighting , while others simply uttered the two words that let me know we matter , “ Thank you . ”
When I look back at this State of the Union , what lasts wo n't be what the president said or did n't say . Instead I will be thinking of you , of our power in numbers too large to ignore , and of the work we must do together . The future is ours for the taking . How we do this will be up to each and every one of us .
12/11/17 – 5:32 A.M .
The Whirlpool plant in Ottawa is looking for maintenance workers . The facility is holding an open house for anyone interested on Tuesday . You can stop by between 5 a.m. and 6 a.m. or 5 p.m. and 6 p.m .
Plant leader Jenni Hanna tells WLIO TV that the company is looking for people who can work with their state of the art equipment . They added they have many workers approaching retirement and are looking for people to take their place in the future .
MORE : WLIO
In this March 29 , 2018 photo , Chinese Ministry of Commerce spokesperson Gao Feng speaks during a press conference at the Ministry of Commerce in Beijing . China has criticized proposed U.S. investment controls on Thursday , May 31 , 2018 , as a violation of global trade rules and says it reserves the right to retaliate if they take effect . Mark Schiefelbein AP Photo
A pile of recycled cardboard sits at Recology 's Recycle Central in San Francisco in January . Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
When you toss your pickle jar or seltzer bottle into the recycling bin , you expect it to take a long journey that leads to reincarnation . You might briefly imagine its future transformed into a chianti jug or Cool Whip container . But for many vessels , it turns out there is no afterlife .
Because of a recently enacted Chinese ban on various plastics and papers , thousands of tons of recycled materials in America are being diverted to landfills and dumped alongside our more unsavory garbage , according to a New York Times report this week . That 's not only disappointing to environmentally conscious consumers—it 's also a problem for U.S. waste management companies in dozens of cities and towns , especially in Western states .
Americans recycle about 66 million tons of material each year , and about one third of that material is exported , according to the Environmental Protection Agency . Here 's how the process normally goes : When you dutifully leave your recycling on the curb , a municipal department , or sometimes a private company on contract , picks it up and delivers it to a plant . There , the marketable goods are sorted out , packaged in bales , and sold to domestic or international processors that refine the materials so they can be used to create new products .
Historically , China has been the top destination for those exported materials . It 's a trend that started in the 1980s as the country morphed into a manufacturing powerhouse . In 2016 , China processed at least half of the world 's exports of waste paper , metals and used plastic—7.3 million tons , to be exact .
But all that is changing with China 's ban , announced last summer as part of an anti-pollution campaign . After decades of taking on the world 's waste , China is taking drastic measures to curb pollution at home . The ban , which initially covered 24 materials , including waste textile materials and unsorted waste paper , was announced last July in a filing with the World Trade Organization . The document , filed by China 's Ministry of Environmental Protection , states : “ To protect China 's environmental interests and people 's health , we urgently adjust the imported solid wastes list , and forbid the import of solid wastes that are highly polluted . ”
In spite of U.S. opposition to the ban , China has since moved to ban 32 more solid waste products over the next two years , including stainless steel scrap , titanium scrap and wood waste , according to an announcement by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment on April 19 . In addition to the ban , China has tightened its quality standards for materials like cardboard , putting in place a 0.5 percent contamination limit in March . Contaminates in a recyclable material such as cardboard , for instance , might include grease or a liquid-proof lining , and Chinese importers now reject any bale that exceeds that level of impurity .
The ban is already causing havoc for American waste management companies . If companies that relied on the Chinese market ca n't clean up the material to meet the new standard , they have two options : stockpile it , or send it to landfills . The ban has led Phoenix-based Republic Services , one of the largest waste management companies , to divert more than 2,000 tons of paper to landfills . ( It 's a fraction of the company 's total inventory – it handles more than 5 million tons of recyclables each year . But last year , the company sent little to no paper to landfills . ) Smaller companies , like Medford , Oregon-based Rogue Disposal and Recycling , have had to divert all of their recycling to landfills since the ban took effect , as reported in the Times .
Although some companies are stockpiling recyclable material , either while looking for new processors or hoping for a change in policy , that approach has its limitations . Garten Services , in Salem , Oregon , had to send about 900 tons of recyclables to the landfill when its warehouse became full .
Since the ban took effect in January , thousands of tons of materials intended for recycling have actually been sent to landfills , according to the Times . And , in the first two months of the ban , American scrap exports to China have dropped by about 35 percent , according to Joseph Pickard , an economist at the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries .
Ironically , the ban could contribute to pollution in China , as Chinese manufacturers that once used imported scrap materials have to find new materials , including those that emit greenhouse gases in the production process .
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Emma Galton was crossing a road in Manchester when they were hit by a car
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed at a pedestrian crossing .
Emma Galton , 24 , of Sale , died on Thursday after being hit by a car on Chester Road in Hulme , Manchester .
Police said Ms Galton , who was crossing the road , died at the scene . Them parents said they were `` completely devastated '' .
The 28-year-old suspect was arrested on Sunday and remains in custody .
They are also being questioned on suspicion of failing to stop after a collision .
A woman , also aged 28 , was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and later released on bail .
'Heartbreaking time '
Paying tribute to their daughter , Ms Galton 's parents said : `` We are completely devastated to hear of our eldest daughter Emma 's untimely death .
`` We know they are at peace now in heaven . ''
They added : `` We would like to take this opportunity to express heartfelt thanks to everyone involved in the investigation and to everyone that helped our son to get back from their holiday so that they could be with us at this heartbreaking time . ''
Sgt Danny Byrne , of Greater Manchester Police appealed for witnesses to come forward .
Info Security Products Guide Global Excellence Awards Winners Announced at RSA Conference 2017
SAN FRANCISCO , CA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - RSA Conference 2017 Booth N4715 - TopSpin Security , Inc. , the leader in intelligent deception and detection solutions , today announced that Info Security Products Guide , the industry 's leading information security research and advisory guide , has named TopSpin and its DECOYnet™ Intelligent Deception and Detection Platform as winners in multiple categories in its 2017 Global Excellence Awards® Program .
TopSpin won Gold for Start Up of the Year ; Bronze in the Deception Based Security category ; and Bronze in the Tomorrow 's Technology Today , USA category . The security industry celebrated its 13th Annual Global Excellence Awards in San Francisco by honoring excellence in every facet of the industry including products , people behind the successes and best companies .
More than 40 judges from a broad spectrum of industry voices from around the world participated and their average scores determined the 2017 Global Excellence Awards Finalists and Winners . Winners were announced during the awards dinner and presentation at the RSA Conference 2017 in San Francisco attended by the finalists , judges and industry peers .
TopSpin 's DECOYnet™ post breach detection platform is the industry 's only intelligent deception solution that offers a built-in traffic and security analysis engine - enabling highly accurate placement of mini-traps and decoys , an additional security layer through analysis and threat detection , and adaptive and flexible deception that evolves with enhancing network conditions . DECOYnet allows each individual network to ensure quick and accurate detection of cyberattacks .
`` Info Security Products Guide 's recognition of TopSpin and DECOYnet further validates our company and product as excellence-in-class and ahead of the curve , '' said Yoel Knoll , TopSpin 's Marketing VP . `` We are thrilled to win in multiple categories for our company and industry leading technology . ''
About Info Security Products Guide
Info Security Products Guide plays a vital role in keeping end-users informed of the choices they can make when it comes to protecting their digital resources . It is written expressly for those who are adamant on staying informed of security threats and the preventive measure they can take . You will discover a wealth of information in this guide including tomorrow 's technology today , the best deployment scenarios , people and technologies shaping info security and market research reports that facilitate in making the most pertinent security decisions . The Info Security Products Guide Global Excellence Awards recognize and honor excellence in all areas of information security . To learn more , visit www.infosecurityproductsguide.com and stay secured .
About TopSpin Security
TopSpin Security is the leader in intelligent deception and detection technologies which allow organizations to quickly and accurately detect breaches , engage attackers and neutralize advanced cyber-attacks . Its technology is based on a network of decoys that lure attackers by mirroring valuable network assets and are fully adaptive to organizations ' changing environments . Its unique traffic analysis engine and integration into organizations ' existing security infrastructure deliver the industry 's only deception solution that provides for strategic placement of traps and decoys ; added security and internal correlation ; and operational advantages such as automated , point-and-click configuration . Once engaged , the decoys interact with attackers , deceiving them and slowing their advances , while providing accurate , actionable alerts and forensics trails . TopSpin 's DECOYnet is already deployed by leading Global 2000 companies . The company 's U.S. operations are headquartered in Mahwah , N.J. , with its R & D center in Herzliya , Israel . Learn more at https : //www.topspinsec.com .
All brands , products , or service names are or may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners .
We live in a society where people are quite judgmental about how a woman dresses or behaves . Sadly , in our country , a smoking and tattooed women are still considered promiscuous .
Kriti Sanon is all set to question this stigma with their role of Bitti in their upcoming film Bareilly Ki Barfi . Talking about it , the actor was quoted as saying , `` Smoking is not good for health and should be avoided . I am a non-smoker , but the point we want to make is that girls who smoke , who are fond of body art or break into a jig are not characterless . ''
They further added , `` Our society has a very small bracket for 'good girls ' . That bracket needs to broaden up or change . When a guy is moophat or smokes , they are not considered characterless , but you judge girls too fast . This is seen more in smaller towns . In an arranged marriage too , only a girl is asked all kinds of questions . I really want this to change . ''
On the other hand , Kriti 's alleged relationship with Sushant Singh Rajput has been grabbing headlines time and again . Recently while talking to a leading daily , here 's what they had to say-
`` Gone are the days when enjoying a movie or dinner with a co-star would be called a date . There is nothing wrong in being friends with your co-actors and if that involves dinners or movies , why not ? It 's sad if I stop socialising with a friend , just because people are cooking up stories . I am not answerable to any one . I would still hang out with my male friends and people can assume anything they like . As for Sushant , I do n't have control over what people talk about us . I have already spoken enough about it . ''
Directed by Ashwiny Iyer Tiwary , Bareilly Ki Barfi also stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Rajkummar Rao and is slated to release this week .
COLUMBIA , N.C. ( AP ) — A North Carolina sheriff 's office says six inmates at a state prison are facing drug charges .
Tyrrell County Sheriff Darryl Liverman told WITN in Greenville that the six are among 24 at the Tyrrell Prison Work Farm who have faced drug charges since May .
In the latest incident , the six are each charged with having a controlled substance . One of the six is also charged with possession with the intent to manufacture , sell , and deliver .
Liverman said the six inmates had suboxine , which is used to treat people dependent on opioids .
WNCT in Greenville reported in July that deputies went to the work farm on three occasions over two days after five inmates were taken to the hospital for treatment of overdoses .
A newly developed vaccine for glioblastoma shows 'remarkable ' promise , according to preliminary results from a study of the treatment . Patients with the disease typically die within 2 years . Some in the trial have now lived as long as 7 years . Evan Vucci AP
They 're the New York Yankees of Cambria 's Fourth of July Waiters Race , and San Simeon Beach Bar & Grill showed why once again Tuesday with a come-from-behind win to defend their title .
It was all part of the fun at Shamel Park , where the schedule was packed with events ranging from a patriotic opening ceremony to kids competitions , a pie-eating contest and , of course , after-dark fireworks .
The waiters race , one of the most long-running traditions in the event 's history ( this was the 34th annual running ) , has been dominated in recent years by San Simeon Beach Bar & Grill : Its team has won all but two years since 1999 .
This year , the team had to qualify via the losers ' bracket in the double-elimination tournament , then beat a pair of undefeated teams twice in the finals to retain the trophy and win a $ 225 prize .
Moonstone Beach Bar & Grill took second and a $ 150 prize , followed by Sow 's Ear , which won $ 100 . Ten teams competed .
The “ Picnic in the Park ” event , sponsored by American Legion Post 432 , began with talks from Legion members Greg Sanders on the Declaration of Independence and Mike Thompson on the preamble to the Constitution .
Jonathan Wilson , Curtis Rhone and Nate Ehlers raised the flag , John Angel offered the invocation , and Tori Ehlers sang the national anthem .
The park began to fill up early , with drivers circling several blocks in search of a space and many parking out by Santa Rosa Creek , near Highway 1 . By midafternoon , Legion Commander David Ehlers estimated that the crowd might have been slightly larger than in previous years .
Plenty of dogs , from an ice-blue-eyed husky to a great Dane , joined scores of kids on grounds that included food booths , music and a giraffe-styled bounce house .
“ I have no clue as to how many people we have here , ” Ehlers said . “ It 's like counting ants , but there are a lot of smiling , happy faces . ”
Some of those faces were painted red , white and blue , and others were topped with Uncle Sam-style hats .
I have no clue as to how many people we have here . It 's like counting ants , but there are a lot of smiling , happy faces . David Ehlers , American Legion commander
Among those wearing the latter was Michael Shanley , who served as the master of ceremonies for both the kids competitions and the Linn 's pie-eating contest . He 's been involved in the event for eight years .
“ We 've had more kids here than we ever had before , ” they said . “ I put out the call , and they just came out of the woodwork . It was wonderful . There were at least 100 kids out here running around with us and having a good time . I think this is the first year all the prizes are gone . ”
Mark O'Bryan , who refereed the waiters race for the 20th year , remembered when the event included other , now-discontinued pastimes , such as a toilet-throwing contest .
When Cambrians were replacing their toilets with the low-flow variety , they recalled , “ they kept the lower half of the bowl part . You 'd sit back here and see how far you could throw a toilet . Dangerous as all get-out . ”
Shanley said a group of volunteers takes the day off work to set things up July 3 every year and another day off to clean up after the event .
Ehlers encouraged community members to show up for a cleanup walk on the beach at 8 a.m. on July 5 . Debris from fireworks typically falls onto the beach and needs to be removed , as does trash in the park itself , they said .
“ We pride ourselves in having welcoming , clean beaches , ” they said , adding that the Legion puts all the money from recycled materials back into the community .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
Islamic State spokesperson Abu Hassan al-Muhajir has called upon the group 's fighters to focus on the Arab world rather than mount operations further afield . In an hour-long recorded message carried by Islamic State ( Isis ) chat rooms , they urged members to target Arab leaders .
They said there was “ no difference ” between the rulers of Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and Palestine “ and their American Crusader allies , or the Russians or the Europeans ” . They held that Arabs should be fought with greater vigour because they are “ Arabs and are more fierce and vicious against Islam ” . By “ Islam ” , they meant Sunni Islamic State 's skewed version of the faith , which is rejected by the overwhelming majority of Sunnis .
Commenting on Iraq 's parliamentary election , which is set to begin on May 12th , Muhajir warned , “ The polling centres and those inside are targets of our swords . ”
For Isis , the poll is anathema since the result could put in power one of three Iran-backed Shia fundamentalist figures : incumbent prime minister Haidar al-Abadi , former premier Nouri al-Maliki or militia leader Hadi al-Amiri . Maliki and Amiri are particularly hated by Iraqi Sunnis who accuse the men of marginalising , persecuting and sectarian cleansing their community .
Muhajir 's intervention marks a departure from the line adopted in June 2017 when they issued their previous directive . This promoted violence against Europe and the US and led to multiple attacks by Isis agents or sympathisers in Germany , France , Britain and the US .
Defeat accepted
By narrowing its focus to Arab leaders , Isis reveals it has taken into account the defeat of the “ caliphate ” and loss of territory in Iraq , where it held 40 per cent of the country , and Syria , where it had conquered 30 per cent . Isis has been reduced to several besieged pockets of land in Iraq and Syria .
Determined to retain a presence and revive , Isis commanders may believe restricting operations to the Arab world could reduce western intelligence and security force pressures on affiliates in Europe and elsewhere . They may be ordered to become dormant until the time is ripe to strike targets outside the Arab world .
Isis considers Arab leaders “ apostates ” , the term used to condemn Sunnis , Shias , Christians , Jews and members of other faiths who do not accept the group 's puritan religious ideology and prescribed behaviour .
Branding those who dissent from Isis 's ideology “ apostates ” , criminals and sinners harks back to hardline Muslim scholars and ultra-orthodox Saudi Wahhabis . While in power Isis clerics and military commanders frequently ordered those who refused to adopt their ideology to be executed , often by decapitation .
Muslims who reject Isis dictates label group members taqfiris and accuse them of using brutal repression and violence to achieve their political objectives .
Less puritanical
The first group dispatched to Syria by al-Qaeda in Iraq was Jabhat al-Nusra , headed by Abu Mohamed al-Golani , a Syrian whose approach to religion was less puritanical than that of Isis . The Jabhat launched its campaign against the Syrian government by bombing police and security targets in Damascus and Aleppo in late 2011 and early 2012 .
Islamic State in Iraq and Syria was formed by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , a veteran Iraqi figure who had spent time in US prisons . When Isis entered Syria in the spring of 2013 , Baghdadi expected Golani to merge their group with Isis and accept Baghdadi as supreme commander . Golani refused and the two groups became fierce rivals .
Pakistan-based al-Qaeda central 's leader Ayman Zawahiri expelled Isis from the parent organisation due to the extremism of its ideology , actions of its fighters , and conflict with the Jabhat .
Following Isis 's defeat , it could overtake Isis as the main al-Qaeda offshoot in Syria and , perhaps , the region .
Ramon Oladimeji The police have arraigned eight persons before the Federal High Court in Benin , Edo State , for allegedly damaging electricity cables . The cables were reportedly owned by the Benin City Distribution Company and were located in the Ariofolo Aremie Oko and the Okhoro areas of Benin . The defendants were arraigned in two sets . The [ … ]
The post Police arraign eight for damaging electricity cables appeared first on Punch Newspapers .
DURHAM , N.C. ( AP ) — Duke says Hall of Fame coach Mike Krzyzewski is stepping away from the team to have lower back surgery .
The school announced Monday that Krzyzewski will have the procedure Friday and that associate head coach Jeff Capel will take over in their absence , starting with a home game Wednesday night against Boston College .
Krzyzewski will have a fragment of a herniated disk removed . The school says Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery .
The winningest men 's coach in Division I history had four surgeries during the offseason to replace their left knee , repair their left ankle and fix a hernia .
Capel previously took over for Krzyzewski when they missed the trip to Georgia Tech last season because of dehydration and high blood pressure .
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Radiation exposure and cancer risk from CT screening : a risk-benefit analysis
Share this content :
linkedin
google
Email
Print
After 10 years of low-dose CT screening in patients , 1.5 lung cancers and 2.4 major cancers per 10,000 people screened were induced by radiation .
The lifetime attributable risk of lung cancer and major cancers from low-dose computed tomography ( CT ) screening ranges from 5.5 to 1.4 , and 8.1 to 2.6 , respectively , per 10,000 participants , researchers reported in the BMJ .
However , radiation exposure and low-dose CT screening for lung cancer can be acceptable in light of the substantial mortality reduction associated with screening , the authors concluded .
Cristiano Rampinelli , MD , from the Department of Medical Imaging and Radiation Sciences at the European Institute of Oncology in Milan , Italy , and colleagues identified 5,203 high-risk asymptomatic smokers ( 3,439 men ) aged 50 years or older with a smoking history of greater than 20 packs per year . Participants had no history of cancer in the previous 5 years . All data reported in the study were retrospectively assembled and analyzed from a 10-year , nonrandomized , observational , lung cancer screening trial ( COSMOS study ) . The researchers evaluated the cumulated radiation exposure and lifetime risk of cancer incidence associated with low-dose CT .
The main outcome was cumulative radiation exposure from low-dose CT and positron emission tomography ( PET ) CT scans . For each age , sex , and organ , the researchers determined the lifetime attributed risk of cancer incidence from a 100-mSv organ equivalent dose calculated from the Biological Effects of Ionizing Radiation VII ( BEIR VII ) .
During the 10 years of the COSMOS lung cancer screening trial , 5,203 high-risk participants underwent 42,228 low dose CT examinations , including 39,981 annual CT scans , 1,965 first recall CT scans , and 282 second recall CT scans for lung cancer screening . A total of 635 PET CT scans were performed in 522 participants with suspicious findings . A total of 259 lung cancers were diagnosed after 10 years of CT screening . The mean cumulative effective dose at the 10th year of screening was 9.2 mSv for men and 13.0 mSv for women .
In accordance with participants ' age and sex , the lifetime attributable risk of lung cancer and major cancers after 10 years of CT screening ranged from 5.5 to 1.4 per 10,000 people screened , and from 8.1 to 2.6 per 10,000 people screened , respectively . In women aged 50 to 54 , the lifetime attributable risk of lung cancer and major cancers was about fourfold and threefold higher than for men aged 65 and older , respectively .
The rates of lung cancer and major cancer cases were 1.5 and 2.4 per 10,000 people screened , respectively , which corresponded with an additional risk of induced major cancers by 0.05 % . A total of 259 lung cancers were diagnosed in 10 years of screening ; one radiation-induced major cancer would be expected for every 108 lung cancers detected through the screening .
Reference
By Olasunkanmi Akoni
The inauguration of chairpeople local government area executives of the Progressives Congress , APC , in Lagos State was marred yesterday when some aggrieved party members from Apapa Local Government stormed the state secretariat venue of the inauguration to protest the alleged substitution of their preferred chairperson .
The protesters displaying placards with various inscriptions lamented what they described as a deliberate attempt by the new party chairperson , Babatunde Balogun , to subvert the will of the people .
The newly inaugurated APC Chairmen at Local Government Areas , level of the 20 LGAs and 37 Local Council Development Areas , LCDAs , were elected during the recent congresses .
Some of the inscriptions on the placards read : “ Do not cause chaos , we do n't need it here in Apapa ' , ‘ No to tyranny ' , Make our votes count ' , ‘ Follow the rule of law/ party and let peace reign in Apapa ' , 'On congress we stand ' , ‘ Oyinbo is our party chairperson ' , ‘ Tunde Balogun do n't divide the party ' ” .
They alleged that their preferred chairperson , Mr. Taiwo Adeleye was substituted by Fatai Sanni , despite the fact that Taiwo 's name was mentioned as a delegate from Apapa at the State Congress , that brought Balogun on board having been duly elected at the local government congress .
Meanwhile , APC state chairperson Balogun , who had earlier been inaugurated has urged all party chairpeople in the 20 LGAs and 37 LCDAs to embark on a massive membership drive and also reconcile aggrieved members .
The new party chairperson gave the charge while inaugurating the council chairpeople of the party at the APC state secretariat at Acme , Ikeja .
According to Balogun “ All chairpeople inaugurated here today have emerged through democratic processes of Congress to show that APC is genuinely democratic .
“ I implore you all to make membership drive in your area a needed attention ; mobilize more people to register and as well claim their Permanent Voters Card .
Balogun also urged them to let benefits cut across divides , to ensure the party 's victory in the general elections .
They also urged the newly inaugurated chairpeople to keep the certificate and the list of members in their trust jealously from being snatched or stolen by the protesters or aggrieved members as doing so could be costly .
Barrister Ademola Sodiq , the APC state Legal Adviser , administered oath of office and oath of allegiance to the elected Chairmen .
Factional Chairman kicks
Reacting to the inauguration of the state executive and the council chairpeople , the factional state chairperson , and immediate past Vice Chairman , Central , Fouad Oki , who emerged as APC Chairman in another state congress held by the factional group , described the inauguration “ As a mere exercise in futility . ”
According to Oki : “ They are putting the cart before the horse by the singular act of inaugurating executive without waiting for the nod and approval of the party 's National Working Committee , NWC , which has the sole right to approve inauguration .
“ I am sure they are aware that the reports of congresses held across the states recently , are still being collated and attended to by NWC and not when they are done and satisfied with the reports , inauguration can not come up . So you want to ask , what is the hurry for ?
“ They have decided to dance naked in the marketplace , and their leaders know the right thing to do . They should wait and see . This will never stand . ”
A couple years ago C-Murder was sentenced to life in prison . According to The Source , they have decided to start a hunger strike while in prison . They allege that they wo n't eat because the medical care is poor , prisoners are physically abused , raped and that the administration abuses their power .
Follow @ TheRSMS
They are currently serving time at Angola Prison and wo n't stop their hunger strike until they receive justice . Their attorneys claim that they want to shine light on the poor conditions of the prison system and this is the way they think they will get help . C-Murder is going against Assistant Warden of ASP Barrett Boeker , Warden Darrel Vannoy as well as The Department of Corrections .
They said , “ Only in Angola can a Warden be arrested for rape and continue to serve as an officer in this Louisiana Penal System . This Warden has an abundant amount of racism and physical harm complaints against them from other inmates . We need an investigation now. ” Listen to the claims and let us know your thoughts .
RELATED : C-Murder Ordered To Pay Over $ 1 Million To Their Alleged Victim 's Family
RELATED : Kevin Gates Finally Released From Prison
RELATED : Maxine Waters Drops Glorious Tweets About Trump Going To Prison
The Latest :
The group takes a careful look at the project 's environmental impact report ahead of an upcoming City Council meeting and public hearing
A plan to renovate Goleta Beach Park — dubbed Goleta Beach 2.0 — should focus on maintaining public access for Santa Barbara County residents , according to members of a Goleta subcommittee .
The group of Goleta officials and a small audience of other interested parties gathered Monday in a City Hall conference room to take a careful look at the proposed beach-retreat project , which is meant to restore a deep beach and reduce the risk of erosion to existing park facilities and utilities .
The Goleta Beach 2.0 plan has flown below the radar of many local residents , which is why officials are hoping more members of the public will soon jump into the discussion .
Anne Wells , the city 's advance planning manager , led a conversation Monday analyzing the project 's environmental impact report so that Goleta staff can better craft concerns and points of interest in a report to the Goleta City Council at its July 16 meeting .
A county-hosted public hearing is set for July 23 .
Wells said Goleta Beach 2.0 is very different from the county-approved 1.0 plan — requesting a permeable pile pier addition to Goleta Pier — that was denied in 2009 by the California Coastal Commission .
The new plan is designed to establish a balance of protecting the county 's most visited park while also acknowledging the potential sea level rise .
The 2.0 plan includes removing 150 parking spaces on the park 's west end , removing all of the rock revetments of the west end , moving all underground utility lines inland of the bike path ( relocating the path ) , moving westend restrooms , and installing a protective geo-textile dune and structure west of the Beachside Bar-Cafe to protect the Goleta Sanitary District 's existing underground sewer ocean outfall pipe and vault .
On Monday , officials also spoke briefly about a potential Goleta Beach 3.0 plan , which Wells called “ environmentally superior ” because it is phased out over 20 years and affects the east side of the park more than the west , at least initially .
That plan would eliminate a ranger 's residence to add parking spaces and could include some nesting space for the endangered snowy plover .
Mayor Pro Tempore Michael Bennett questioned whether any of the plans properly served the park 's visitors , which number more than 1.5 million annually . They also said the EIR lacks enough information about breaching the Goleta slough and the consequences of that .
Councilman Jim Farr said they were concerned about a footnote on one of the planning documents , which said that about 2.6 acres of the park 's grassy lawn could be lost due to natural coastal processes .
“ That 's a big impact and actually one of the primary reasons a lot of us are here , ” Farr said . “ The fundamental question is , what are we gaining from all this ? I think the whole thing is ill conceived . We need to keep ( the park ) . The people need it . ”
Environmental supporters and Friends of Goleta Beach Park representatives at Monday 's meeting said they were there to listen and were still trying to form an official position on what a best-case scenario might look like .
The council members directed Wells to craft two letters for the full council , one of which would recommend that city staff do a thorough review of which rocks were permitted prior to considering removal .
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
ORLANDO , Fla. ( AP ) — A media outlet reports an Arizona man has been sentenced to three days in jail after deputies say they falsely told guests at a Walt Disney World resort there was an active shooter on the property as part of a YouTube stunt .
Orlando television station WKMG reports that authorities found 22-year-old Dillion Burch was telling that lie to guests at the Contemporary Resort so they could get their reactions for their YouTube channel .
Online court records show that Burch was facing disturbing the peace and disorderly intoxication records .
The television station says Burch pleaded no contest to the charges Tuesday and drew the three-day sentence .
No attorney was listed for him .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The force was strong in L.A. for “ The Last Jedi ” premiere , but we could also feel its presence right here in South Florida . The reason ? Deco got a visit from a special VIP from a galaxy far far away .
The actors from “ The Last Jedi ” have been on an all out blitz promoting the movie .
John Boyega surprised fans at a photo op , Mark Hamill crashed a Disney ride , but one of the film 's biggest stars paid a visit to the WSVN studios — and I got to meet him . I mean … it .
Lynn Martinez : “ Oh my gosh , BB-8 ! We 're so excited to see you . Come on in . Let me show you around . ”
Lynn Martinez : “ So BB-8 , you must be so excited . ‘ Star Wars : The Last Jedi ' is coming out Dec. 15 . I 'm so excited , you must be to . Are you nervous about the reviews ? ”
BB-8 : “ Beep boop . ”
Lynn Martinez : “ Of course not , you 're amazing . You 're always amazing . ”
BB-8 : “ Boop boop . ”
Lynn Martinez : “ You 're not nervous ? Of course you 're not nervous . How long are you on Earth ? Just for the premiere ? ”
Lynn Martinez : “ All right BB-8 , so this is my office . This is the News Plex . It 's where all the magic happens , but I 'm sure it 's nothing compared to what you 've seen in your intergalactic travels . ”
BB-8 : “ Beep boop . ”
Lynn Martinez : “ I know . ”
Lynn Martinez : “ BB-8 , what was it like working with Luke Skywalker ? ”
BB-8 : “ Boop boop . ”
Mark Hamill ( as Luke Skywalker ) : “ This is not going to go the way you think . ”
Lynn Martinez : “ And Kylo Ren , were you scared at all ? ”
BB-8 : “ Boop boop . ”
Adam Driver ( as Kylo Ren ) : “ Let the past die . Kill it . ”
Lynn Martinez : “ Oh my gosh , BB-8 . Thank you so much for stopping by the studio . This has been an honor of a lifetime . You 're my favorite droid I 've ever interviewed . ”
BB-8 : “ Beep beep . ”
Lynn Martinez : “ You 're so cute . I ca n't wait to see the movie . ”
BB-8 : “ Beep beep . ”
And you can see “ The Last Jedi ” in galactic style ! We 're giving away tickets to see it at the AutoNation Imax Theater at the Museum of Discovery and Science in Fort Lauderdale . Enter to win by emailing us your name , address and phone number to giveaways @ decodrive.com . May the force be with you .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
According to Reno Omokri , sex with a girlfriend is itself cheating as sex is exclusively for marriage . You agree with him ?
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
—As private sector calls for rehabilitation of Warri , Port Harcourt , Onitsha , Calabar ports
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – VICE President , Yemi Osinbajo has said that corruption has not been completely dealt with in the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration as the cankerworm has become systematic in the country .
The Vice President who stated this Monday at the 7th Presidential Quarterly Business Forum for private sector stakeholders at the Conference Centre , Old Banquet Hall , Presidential Villa , Abuja , noted that with President Buhari on the saddle , there were fears in many quarters that anyone caught indulging in corrupt practices would be dealt with .
They said that the type of leadership would determine the type of followership , adding that , “ If the president is corrupt , the entire financial system is compromised and that is what we have seen with the figures we have just seen . That is an absolutely important that we must take into account . ”
They further stated that when the government was committed in fighting corruption , because of the systematic problem , corruption always fight back .
According to him , “ I am not saying that corruption under this administration has been completely dealt with , no certainly not . Where corruption has become systemic such as we have in our country today , you can not deal with it in one full fell swoop , it is not possible . In any event you still have a lot of corruption fighting back . The system fights back and its both an internal and external fight back and you have to be steadfast and strategic to win the battle .
“ There is no way that you have a system such as ours that has consistently thrived on corruption and proceeds of corruption and public financing in particular , that will give up and say guys , the problem has been solved . No .
“ It is a system that feeds on corruption and it affects all aspects of governance , so trying to deal with it is certainly not a walk in the park .
“ But I want to say that that task has already begun and that task is being done consistently and I believe that going forward in the next few years , no matter how we are criticized , if w stick to policy especially controlling excesses and corruption in public finance , this country will make the kind of progress that it deserves to make with all the resources at our disposal .
“ If we stick to the policy of ensuring that as far as public finance is concern , there is no impunity and that we hold people to account , I am absolutely confident that this country has what it really takes to make the kind of progress we deserve to make as a nation . ”
Asking rhetorically what was wrong with the Nigerian economy and what should be done to correct the flaws , they said , “ There are several issues many of which have already been articulated but I want to talk about what I think is the biggest problem which for some reason we hardly talk about when discussing our national economy .
“ This is grand corruption in the public finance space . Sometimes the way we talk about the Nigerian economy it does appear as if it is the economy of say Norway or somewhere where all things are equal . Even when we refer to what has taken place in our economy we almost sound as if this is in every sense a very normal business environment , a very normal public finance environment but that is not the case .
“ I do not think that any consideration about our economy development can be properly and honestly done without fully analyzing corruption , especially grand corruption in the public finance space .
“ You see that despite record high levels of oil prices , very little was invested in infrastructure and a record level of leakages were recorded in the past few years .
“ This is the fundamental issue in our economy . Corruption affects everything . It affects even judgment as to what sort of infrastructure to put in place or whether infrastructure will ever be complete . It is so fundamental that ca n't even think of our economy without thinking of what to do about it .
“ Sometimes when we talk about our economy we talk about the fact that we have relied on of single commodity and that is one of the reasons why we are where we are . Yes , that 's quite through but the fact is that , proceeds from that single commodity were regularly hijacked consistently by a few . That is really the problem . If we had spent the proceeds from that single commodity the way we ought to , we wo n't be where we are today . Most of the proceeds went to rent seekers in the industry and production .
“ For example , I am sure many of us are familiar with the so-called Strategic Alliance Contract with the NNPC and NDDC . The promoters of the companies made away with close to $ 3 billion , almost a tenth of our reserves . There is no way if someone made away with a tenth of your reserves that you will not have a major economic shock . And if we do n't deal with it , if we do n't talk about it , how will we be able to discuss our economy in a real honest way with a view to ensuring that these things do not happen again .
“ In one single transaction a few weeks to the elections 2015 , sums of a $ 100,289 million were just fretted away by a few . When you consider that in 2014 as the minister of finance has said that oil price was an average of $ 110 a barrel and only N99 billion was spent on power , works and housing and when we talk about the economy we talk as if these are normal by every standard .
“ Nobody should talk about the economy when you have this kind of huge leakages and huge corruption . Corruption that completely makes even what you are allocating to capital projects are made nonsense of .
“ We saw from the presentation of minister of finance N14 billion was spent on agriculture in 2014 , transportation N15 billion , so the total spent on infrastructure in those three years were N153 billion and in two weeks before the elections N150 billion was essentially shared .
“ So if your total infrastructure spending is N150 billion and you can share N153 billion that is completely incredible . That sort of thing does n't happen anywhere else in the world . And when we are talking about the economy , we must simply understand that that is the problem .
“ Today , with less revenue , we have increased capital funding by 400 % as the minister has said , in power , works and housing , in defence , transportation , agriculture . If we want to do analysis in Nigeria , it is either fraudulent or ignorant if we do not bring money that belongs to corruption into the mass .
“ This is what distinguishes in my own respectful view , this administration from the other . I can say that with what I have seen , if you have a president who is not corrupt , 50 percent of your financial problems are over . This is what I have seen ; I can demonstrate it with facts and figures . ”
Speaking at the meeting , the organized private sector called on the Federal Government to rehabilitate ports in the eastern flank of the country like the Warri , Port Harcourt , Onitsha and Calabar ports in order to boost the economy , adding that most of the importers were from the area where the ports had been abandoned and made to be dormant .
They said that if the eastern seaports were opened , it would be easier for them to clear their goods .
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – Fairgrounds to Future has submitted a funding request to the Dayton Development Coalition .
In that application , the developer expects to create more than 100 jobs .
At most , the Fairgrounds Redevelopment group estimates 250 jobs could be generated .
That 's just for the redevelopment of the 38-acre property that used to be the fairgrounds .
As far as what could fill this space , the application says there is potential for just about everything you can think of .
Ranging from commercial space to public space .
The Dayton Development Coalition asks applicants what they estimate job growth could be over a ten year span .
According to the application , Fairground Redevelopment estimates 1,000 jobs could be created .
The application also says $ 25 million dollars will be needed to invest in the property .
Both Premier Health and the University of Dayton own the old fairgrounds .
The community will have another chance to talk about their ideas for the land on January 25th at the fairgrounds coliseum from 6-7:30pm .
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android . Stay up to date with all the local news , weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen .
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news , weather and sports .
3:26
United passenger attorney : Airlines have bullied us , and Dao is 'the guy to stand up for passengers '
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again . That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken . While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family , finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming . Whether that perfect photo includes a beach , a fountain , a garden , or an archway , South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo .
The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq ( UNAMI ) Human Rights Office ( HRO ) , within its program of technical support to civil society organizations in the Kurdistan Region , conducted a “ Specialized Training on Preparation of the Shadow Report for Treaty Bodies : the CEDAW Convention ” in Sulaimaniyah .
Representatives from 21 NGOs in Sulaimaniyah participated in the training , 12 women and nine men . The training develops participants ' skills in collecting and analyzing the required information and data for the preparation of the shadow report for CEDAW Committee .
The due date to submit the shadow report of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women ( CEDAW ) was 1 February 2018 but it has not been submitted .
During the opening session , HRO representative Mr. Zito Siany commended the role of civil society organizations in promoting and protecting human rights through their communications with the related human rights treaty bodies .
Ms. Soma Yassin , one of the participants , stated that the training was very useful in producing shadow report for the CEDAW Committee .
“ The contribution of NGOs at this stage of the process is essential as it is the best opportunity to ensure that issues of concern to NGOs find their way into the list of issues that can be the focus of the dialogue between the Committee and the State party ” , they further said .
The group also intends to prepare shadow reports for Iraq 's next state reports for International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights which is due in Nov 2018 and Convention Against Torture which is due in August 2019 .
( Source : UNAMI )
LEXINGTON , Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft , while teammates Wenyen Gabriel and Jarred Vanderbilt have decided to turn pro .
Washington , who participated in the NBA combine , posted a video on their social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words `` I 'M BACK . '' The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats ' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds as a first-year student .
Vanderbilt and Gabriel later announced they would stay in the draft after receiving positive feedback .
Injuries limited the 6-9 Vanderbilt to just 14 games , but they averaged a team-high 7.9 rebounds with 5.9 points per game as a first-year student . They did not attend the combine but says in a release the input they received during the draft process confirmed `` that my time is now . ''
To anyone who has n't got any direct experience with it , surrogacy can be a completely alien concept . Is n't it a massively selfless thing to do for someone who , in many cases , is effectively a stranger ? What motivates some women to carry a child for another family for 9 months ?
We asked three women who have done it…
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Lauren is 26-years-old . They gave birth to their first surrogate baby , for a same-sex couple , in December 2014 when they were just 24 . Lauren has no children of their own .
Cosmopolitan UK
`` I work as a night nanny and maternity nurse , so have come into contact with a lot of families who 've struggled to become parents . It just became very apparent to me that for some people it was n't straight forward , so I thought if I could help , I would . I did n't even know if surrogacy was legal in this country or how it worked , so I decided to Google it , which was where I found out about Surrogacy UK .
I knew I wanted to be a surrogate for a same-sex couple because back then – although I do n't think it 's so much the case now – they did n't seem to get picked as often . I wanted to help prove that they can make fantastic parents , too .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
With the couple that I ended up choosing , I looked at their profile and thought they sounded like nice people , so we spent three months getting to know each other and ended up getting on really well . [ This 'Getting To Know ' period is key for Surrogacy UK , who believe friendship between the surrogate and the Intended Parents ( IPs ) is the best basis for a surrogate baby to be born ] .
I did what 's called a 'host surrogacy ' – which means I had IVF to implant an embryo created from a donor egg and one father 's sperm - so the baby was n't biologically mine . But I would definitely consider doing a 'straight surrogacy ' for the couple I 'm currently getting to know , which would involve using my own egg .
`` I was n't worried about my body changing ''
I 'd never gone through a pregnancy before and was only 24 at the time , but I was n't really worried . I just thought , people do it every day , so it ca n't be that bad . I did get awful morning sickness , but that soon passed and we were lucky to experience a normal , healthy pregnancy . I only started to feel like I wanted it to be over towards the end , but as soon as the baby was born and I saw them together as a family for the first time , I knew it had all been worth it .
Everything felt worth it ; all of the money they 'd put into it [ although it costs IPs around £10,000 - £15,000 , the surrogate can not make any profit from the experience and must document all costs with receipts ] , the medication , the sickness , the midwife appointments , the ups , the downs , and obviously baby Sophie at the end of it all .
I was n't really worried about my body changing , because I 'm naturally slim anyway . I 've always been to the gym , and I carried on going to the gym until I was 35 weeks pregnant . I got back to the gym 6 weeks after giving birth , and my body has changed , but I 'm not unhappy with it .
Sophie is now almost three-years-old , and in the first year we probably saw each other once a month along with having regular updates and photos . Now we see each other less , every few months , but we message and I still see pictures all the time . Sophie is more than aware of who I am and they always will be - I 'm them 'tummy-mummy ' . ''
Anna is a 35-year-old mum of 3 girls , who gave birth to their first surrogate baby in 2015 .
Cosmopolitan UK
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
`` Around 10 years ago , I watched a couple of documentaries on TV about surrogacy . The idea stuck with me , and I remember thinking what a wonderful thing it could be to do .
Years later , after having two children , I did some research and thought carefully about becoming a surrogate . But I decided I wanted a third child of my own , and the advice was to finish your own family before you become a surrogate .
That 's mainly because there 's a certain logic to being a surrogate when you no longer have the instinct to nurture a newborn . I no longer had the desire for more children of my own which made it the right time for me . As well as that , any woman needs to consider what would happen if their own fertility was affected and they had n't had a family of their own yet .
Five years later , when my youngest daughter had started school , my family and work life felt settled and I decided this was the right time to do something that meant so much to me .
Once I was screened and accepted as a surrogate , I scoured a list of couple profiles [ as the current law stands , single people can not use a surrogate to become a parent , however they can adopt ] provided by Surrogacy UK [ legally , surrogates are not allowed to advertise , hence the importance of not-for-profit organisations like Surrogacy UK ] , and within days I started talking to a couple in Manchester .
`` Chatting to prospective parents felt almost like online dating ''
I had a strong idea of what I wanted from my IPs ; I wanted to help a couple who did n't live too far away from me , had no children , and who felt like normal , down to earth people in stable jobs with a good relationship .
Chatting to prospective IPs felt almost like online dating ; it 's about chemistry , and was my couple 's sense of humour made me feel they were just right . The first time we met up was in a pub , and it felt so much like a blind date .
But we got to know each other over the next few months , and once we 'd agreed on all the circumstances ( how frequent my contact would be with the baby , etc ) , we went ahead . I was a host surrogate , opting not to use my own egg , because I just could n't imagine having a child out there who was biologically mine , but was n't calling me mummy .
I gave birth to a little boy on Christmas Eve 2015 , and physically it felt very similar to giving birth to my own .
Although I 'm good at controlling my attachments , the emotions filled the room , and everyone was in tears , including the staff . I remember watching as this new mother got first skin-to-skin contact with their baby . I watched their melt and sob over their lovely little boy we had tried so hard to create , a feeling they thought she 'd never experience , and I 've never felt love like it .
I never felt like it was giving a baby away ; I never lost anything . I felt very honoured that they chose me to carry their baby and trusted me with such a responsibility . When I saw them hold each other as a family , that moment made it all worth it . It was beautiful . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Ali is 33-years-old , has no children of their own , and we spoke to them in April 2016 , when they were pregnant with twins for a same-sex couple .
Cosmopolitan UK
`` It was n't like I had an enlightening dream about surrogacy or anything , it was more through watching a friend experiencing it that I decided , along with my husband , to go for it .
I 've got no children of my own ( although I do have step-children ) as the time has n't felt right yet , but I still wanted to experience pregnancy if it meant I could help somebody . I have no maternal instincts in me yet and almost felt like it could be a test run .
My husband has always been very supportive of the idea ; we make decisions together , and I think most other surrogates would say that without the support of their partner , they would n't have done it .
I 'm currently pregnant with twins for a same-sex couple . They 're lovely guys , and they 're going to make fantastic dads . We 've got a really good friendship – you get along so well that sometimes you forget there 's a baby involved !
`` I have n't got the worry of late night feeding and nappies and crying facing me ''
Being pregnant is actually lovely ; I 'm halfway through now , but it 's nice because I have n't got the worry of late night feeding and nappies and crying facing me . I can go home after giving birth and I can rest .
And the physical changes are n't really an issue for me either . I 've always been petite and never been able to carry much weight , but I have noticed changes in my breasts and my stomach , and I 'm very tired .
But soon I 'll be holding and cuddling the twins , and I 'll be known as their Aunty Ali . I 'll be able to look at them and it will make everything worthwhile . We will get to watch our friends become a family , and will be a real part of their joy .
All I want at the end of it all is a photo of both dads carrying the babies , and to think , 'wow , that 's something I 've created ' . Their dads are going to take them home and they 're going to be so loved . ''
Follow Cat on Twitter .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
( KPRC ) Investigators in Harris County , Texas have recovered nearly $ 1 million worth of meth-laced lollipops .
Deputies were responding to a call Monday about a burglary to a home in Spring when they discovered the drugs .
Two suspects , Evonne Mick and David Salinas were caught leaving the residence and loading a vehicle with the drug-laced candy .
Deputies said the suspects could n't even close their car door because there were so many drugs packed into the vehicle .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
NIZHNY NOVGOROD , Russia ( AP ) — France picked up two trophies in 1998 : One , of course , was the country 's only World Cup title , won on home soil . It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe , the 19-year-old who 's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup .
“ Well , that was a good year for them to be born , even if they did n't see much of the 1998 World Cup , ” joked French coach Didier Deschamps , who was the captain in '98 . “ I 'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen . ”
? It will be France 's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay 's defense anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarterfinals . The winner will face Brazil or Belgium .
Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches , and France has scored seven — most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the round of 16 .
In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice ( including a hat trick against France ) in 1958 .
It 's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away .
“ It 's flattering to be the second one since Pele , ” said Mbappe , born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria . “ But let 's put things in perspective . Pele 's another category . ”
This is France 's seventh quarterfinal and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps , Patrick Vieira , Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry — the so-called “ Rainbow Team ” from a multicultural France .
“ In a World Cup you have the top-level players , ” said Mbappe , who plays for Paris Saint-Germain . “ So it 's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are . There is no better place than a World Cup . ”
After three lackluster games in group play , France was electric in its most recent match , particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina 's plodding defense . Five of France 's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup , including Mbappe .
“ You need some patience , ” Deschamps said .
Deschamps has compared playing Uruguay to facing Peru , which narrowly lost to France 1-0 in group play on a goal by Mbappe .
They termed Uruguay “ solid and aggressive ” in a French television interview , adding : “ These are not qualities displayed by Argentina . ”
The match will showcase several cross-border friendships .
Griezmann plays at Atletico Madrid where their teammates are Uruguayan defendersGodin and Jose Maria Gimenez . Godin is the godfather of Griezmann 's daughter .
While Godin and Gimenez will try to stop Griezmann , Uruguay striker Luis Suarez will be opposing Barcelona teammate Samuel Umtiti .
“ I 've always joked … that I wanted to face Umtiti at a World Cup , ” Suarez said . “ And it came true . ”
Suarez 's running mate , Edinson Cavani , scored both goals in the knockout win over Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal but is nursing a hamstring injury , and it ' unclear if they will play .
Their absence would be a blow to the South Americans , but defense is the real key with coach Oscar Tabarez expecting to see less of the ball .
“ I think very often there 's the mistaken belief that ball possession leads to scoring opportunities , ” said Tabarez , who took over in 2006 .
“ If you do n't have ball possession , you can still inflict pain . ”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Many solicitors in the valley go door to door selling pest control , home security , lawn services and more .
“ What we like to do is obviously keep our community safe , but also have an understanding that people need to work , ” Henderson Police PIO Rod Pena said .
To start , all solicitors must obtain a permit from the city to legally solicit . However , gated communities and doors with “ no soliciting ” signs are off limits to solicitors .
There are exceptions . Religious organizations and anyone knocks on doors for political reasons are allowed to go to any door , anywhere . Journalists are also allowed to knock on all doors because they 're not selling anything .
However , there are also dangers when it comes to door knockers .
“ It 's kind of hard to differentiate between someone who 's trying to make an honest living and someone who 's up to no good , ” Henderson neighbor Amber French said . “ People will come around that are n't really identifying themselves properly and we 'll get weird knocks on the door at strange hours like 8:00 or 9:00 at night . ”
If anyone feels like a person may not be a legitimate , licensed solicitor , police ask they call 3-1-1 . If anyone feels like a person is acting suspicious , casing houses , or trying to break in , they should call 9-1-1 . They also suggested giving a verbal response to a door knocker , even if you do n't open the door . That way , these people know someone is home and the home is not vacant .
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Two successive relegation battles and still Birmingham City supporters ' craving for their club grows , with season ticket sales booming .
Just as they bought into the Harry Redknapp revolution last summer , Blues fans are getting behind Garry Monk 's new era - in even greater numbers .
In fact the club believe they could even surpass last year 's mark of around 14,000 , which was boosted by Redknapp 's bullish optimism and summer shopping .
Blues have n't been anything like as active in the transfer market under Monk - and they wo n't be with the manager talking in terms of evolution rather than revolution .
But the feelgood factor generated by five wins from the final nine games of last term has clearly spanned the off-season , with just a month to go before the curtain-raiser against Norwich City .
Despite a third brush with the drop in five years attendances rose last season and the average broke the 20,000 mark for the first time since the Premier League days .
By the end of the campaign they averaged 21,042 - well over 2,000 up on the previous season .
First up
Garry Monk has put their first stake in the ground as Birmingham City manager , sending a couple of million pounds to Union Berlin in exchange for Kristian Pedersen .
The Danish left back becomes the first signing of what everyone hopes will be a long relationship between Monk and Blues because in the crazy world of the Championship nothing says success like longevity .
Indeed just a few weeks into their first transfer window Monk has already signed more players than their predecessor Steve Cotterill , who will not doubt point to the failure to bring in Jordan Hugill or Kasey Palmer as contributing factors towards their decline .
By contrast Cotterill 's predecessor , had the run of the house , bringing in 13 new faces last summer .
As with all transfers some have stuck , some have n't , so here 's a trip down memory lane via every Blues ' manager 's first signing going all the way back to Barry Fry .
Garry Monk - Kristian Pedersen ( undisclosed , Union Berlin )
( Image : Roy Smiljanic/bcfc.com )
Not too much was known about the left back when the rumour first broke , but they came through the ranks of Danish football and spent a couple of years in the German second tier .
“ When we try and recruit a player there are things we look for , ” Monk explained .
“ Is they young and hungry and looking to prove a point ? Are they already at a good level in terms of their development but is they someone who we can try to take to a different level ?
“ Those things are all part of what you look for in a player and Kristian fits that mould perfectly . He 's young , he 's aggressive and he 's fit . ”
Harry Redknapp - David Stockdale ( free , Brighton )
People were as pleased as they were surprised by Redknapp 's recruitment of a goalkeeper who had been recognised as the best in the division as part of Brighton 's promotion team the previous season .
Goalkeeper was n't perceived by many fans to be a weakness but it was difficult not to be impressed by the ambitious capture of the best one outside the Premier League .
However , he 's already considered to be surplus to requirements and a move to Leeds has been mooted after a season in which they fell short of lofty expectations .
Gianfranco Zola - Craig Gardner ( loan , then £1m , West Brom )
( Image : BCFC )
Lukas Jutkiewicz was actually the first deal done during the Zola tenure - but that had been set up by Gary Rowett .
The first fresh face through the door was a very familiar one , Craig Gardner who was given a return to the club they represented - and supported - with immense distinction during the Premier League years .
The homecoming has n't been a disaster , they remain the one player in the Blues central midfield best placed to put the ball in the right areas of the pitch .
But he 's clearly not the same player who left the club in 2011 although a proper pre-season will help them no end .
Gary Rowett - Michael Morrison ( loan , undisclosed , Charlton )
Signed within a few days of Rowett 's arrival - on the back of Blues shipping eight to Bournemouth - and made an immediate impression .
Morrison played well in their first match at Wolves after just a couple of training sessions and within a couple of months had been purchased permanently from Charlton in a stunning piece of business .
Since then they have been a stalwart for the most part , and while there have been wobbles during the turbulence of the last 18 months , they looked back to their best under Monk at the end of last term .
Lee Clark - Peter Lovenkrands ( free , Newcastle )
Released by Clark 's former team , the Geordie wasted no time in offering the 32-year-old another two years .
Clark said : “ He did very well for Newcastle , has scored goals at this level and they played a huge part in getting them promoted from this division , actually winning the league . When I spoke to them about the move they made a decision very quickly . ”
Which was no mere gesture because Blues ' financial position was parlous .
However , their two years at Blues turned out to be the final ones of their professional career .
Things started well , they scored on their debut in the League Cup hammering of Barnet but just seven more would follow before they were released in 2014 .
Chris Hughton - Adam Rooney ( free , Inverness Caledonian Thistle )
Blues landed on their feet when Chris Hughton arrived amid the chaos of relegation and their single season was hugely entertaining .
Rooney arrived on the back of 21 goals in 42 Scottish Premier League games for Thistle and as Stoke City 's youngest ever hat-trick scorer .
They bagged seven in 29 in all competitions for Blues and was loaned to Swindon in a deal that brought Paul Caddis the other way .
Alex McLeish - David Murphy ( £1.5m Hibernian )
McLeish was thrilled with the left back 's signing in January 2008 , having come up against them as Rangers manager .
They played in the side which was relegated at the end of that season but was first choice for much of the following campaign as Blues regained their top flight status .
However , an injury curse that was to blight them for much of the rest of their Blues career struck in April 2009 when they split their knee cap .
That kept them out of the entire 2009/2010 campaign but they returned in the Carling Cup/relegation season and was on the bench at Wembley .
They had a good campaign under Chris Hughton and scored the goal at Club Brugge which was n't Chris Wood 's and did n't become immortalised .
Unfortunately the knee injury that was to become a major bump in the road came in November 2012 and they retired , two days after their 30th birthday , in March 2014 .
All in all they played 132 times for Blues and left fans wanting more .
Steve Bruce - Steve Vickers ( £425,000 Middlesbrough )
Vickers actually played against Blues - in the 1991 Leyland Daf final for Tranmere .
Ten years later the experienced centre back joined on loan for a couple of months at the end of 2001 , then Bruce came in and within a week had paid nearly half a million to take them full time .
The pair had worked briefly together at Crystal Palace .
Vickers was part of the side which won promotion at the Millennium Stadium - and played the first 71 minutes of the play-off final before giving way to a certain Darren Carter .
However , they were injured before the start of the club 's first top flight campaign in 16 years and managed just six more appearances before retiring .
Trevor Francis - Steve Bruce ( free , Manchester United )
The first of five Premiership players brought to the club by Francis in August 1996 and although there were regular reports of bust-ups , even at the age of 35 an 36 the defender ended up playing a fulsome part in two seasons .
They made 84 appearances for the club - amid rumours they were set to replace Francis as a player-manager , before accepting that exact role at Sheffield United in the summer of 1998 .
Blues could n't quite get over the line with them as a player , but in 2001 they did replace Francis and completed the job as a manager .
Barry Fry - er , not sure
It says as much about the revolving door at St Andrew 's during Fry 's tenure as it does the gathering mists of time , that It is difficult to pinpoint which one of Fry 's many , many signings was actually the first .
What is clear , though , is that they were busy and brought in eight players within a month of arriving from Peterborough in December 1993 .
Half-a-dozen of them were paraded at a single press conference in December/January .
Gary Cooper and Ian Bennett came from Peterborough , Kenny Lowe from Stoke , records show they arrived on the same day .
Dave Barnett came from , well , Barnet , Roger Willis from Watford , the Steves Claridge and McGavin and Liam Daish - like Claridge from Cambridge .
Fry would go on to lead Blues to a league and cup double but the door never stopped revolving under their charge .
THE future development potential of a property on the outskirts of Ocean Grove has resulted in two parties putting forward offers in just over a week .
The 2.02ha property is zoned general residential 1 and holds huge potential for subdivision , subject to council approval .
Bellarine Property , Barwon Heads agent Peta Walter said these two parties saw the potential of 242-250 Grubb Rd and wanted to make it their own .
MORE REAL ESTATE : Villawood 's new Wandana estate underpins growing demand
Geelong homeowners cash in as listings decline , CoreLogic data shows
St Leonards Lower Bluff redesign makes home for sea-change buyers
It sold above the top end of the asking range for $ 2.25 million .
“ It was a fantastic result , we received an enormous amount of inquiry , ” Ms Walter said .
“ All the infrastructure coming out that way is giving buyers confidence moving forward with future development in the area . ”
Ms Walter said the successful buyers were from Melbourne and would look at potentially developing the site in the future .
“ It is probably a bit of a land bank for now and they will do their due diligence and look at doing some development in the future , ” they said .
The existing homestead on the site has four bedrooms , two bathrooms and two huge living zones .
tessa.hayward @ news.com.au
If you use your phone , watch tv or scroll on your iPad more than two hours a day you 're constantly taking in blue light and it could be damaging your eyes
Some doctors call it `` light pollution , '' because even though we need blue light to see the color blue , some types cause big issues . It might be a headache or sore eyes that tips you off , but blue light can also make it hard to sleep , with potentially cancer-causing effects .
Do you spend more than two consecutive hours a day in front of a screen ? — TODAY 'S TMJ4 ( @ tmj4 ) February 2 , 2018
`` I 'm staring at my phone , my tv , my tablet , non-stop all day , '' Dalton Hayes told the I-Team . They said they used to have red marks on their eyes from the strain , but did n't realize what they were from . Then their girlfriend got blue-light glasses . They tried them on .
`` I was looking at my phone and watching tv at the same time , '' Hayes said . `` And I noticed it really did make a difference in my sleep quality that night . ''
It 's because of the way blue light interacts with your body .
`` Blue light suppresses your Melatonin , which is what tells you to go to sleep , '' explained Jessica Minette from Metro Eye .
They said blue light goes into your retina , the part of the eye that helps you see , and weakens the tissue . They said the more blue light you take in , the higher your chance of eye-related diseases . They say your best chance is to protect yourself like you would from UV light from the sun .
We tested out different kinds of blue light glasses . We found a $ 9 pair on Amazon . The listing said it takes out 30 percent of blue light .
`` It is going to reduce it quite a bit , but my concern there is that it 's mostly color and not actually the damaging rays , '' Minette said .
Minette described the eye 's aging process , in which we develop a yellow-ish coating to protect from blue lights . Now , there are glasses lenses made to mimic that process . Minette said they filter out about 45 percent of harmful blue rays . They also tested out a clear lens meant to block harmful blue light rays . They said those block about 12 percent . They said anti-glare , or computer , glasses are often billed as protection . And , while they said they can help prevent too much eye strain , they do n't block blue light .
But some research indicates glasses might not always work . A study published in a British publication for ophthalmologists shows there is n't enough evidence to prove blue blocking glasses work .
Still , Hayes thinks they 're worth it .
`` If I had tried them out first and they were several hundred dollars , I probably would have still got them . It definitely makes that big of a difference , '' they said .
The Thai football team-mates stranded for more than a week in a partly flooded cave have said they are healthy in a newly released video .
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy Seals in the dark cave with their visibly skinny faces illuminated by the beam of a flashlight .
The boys , many wrapped in foil warming blankets , take turns introducing themselves , folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy .
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime on Tuesday and was posted on the navy Seal Facebook page on Wednesday morning .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23rd .
The team-mates , who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , were found by rescue divers late on Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe , including British divers Rick Stanton and John Volanthen who were the first rescuers to reach the group .
Authorities said the boys , who had also been shown on Tuesday in a video shot by the British divers , were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy Seals , including medics , who were staying with them inside the cave .
They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks .
In both of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits .
Seal commander Rear Admiral Arpakorn Yookongkaew said there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave , since they are safe where they are .
The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive , which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous .
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing , some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route through which their rescuers entered . - AP
NBC 7 's Ashley Matthews reports on the unique way a Pacific Beach resident is publicizing their loss .
Artwork priceless to one artist was stolen in just a matter of minutes while on display in Pacific Beach .
That same artist found a unique way to spread the word about the missing piece using some inspiration from the thieves .
Crooks helped themselves to the artist 's treasured tribute to a late acting great .
`` A little six by eight mural of Gene Wilder got stolen off the side of my house , '' said artist Ben Jay .
Jay is a spray paint artist and has a variety of masterpieces , but their favorite is still missing .
Saturday at Fun House Tattoo in Pacific Beach , they took to the canvas to help spread the word about the stolen piece .
The star themselves made an appearance again , except this time as their character in `` Blazing Saddles . ''
`` I decided to make a new painting to hang up there with a little-wanted poster of the old painting that had been hanging there next to Sheriff 's Deputy Gene Wilder watching over it , '' Jay added . `` I made sure to finish the wanted poster first and have it on the side that was most visible . ''
Jay told NBC 7 they will be using a security camera this time around to help protect their painting , but they said if that one is stolen , their next piece of artwork will have the crook 's face from the security footage to help expose them .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa fans have lashed out after hearing the news that Director of football Steve Round has left the club .
The news is the latest development in a turbulent summer so far at the club in the wake of the ill-fated play-off final against Fulham .
Supporters were quick to vent their anger and frustrations on social media :
Trevor : @ Dr_TonyXia so who is actually running the club the tea lady ?
Jake Bonfield : The state of our club at the minute
Sean Fitzpatrick : But what about the Villa engine ?
Tony Wootton : Its worse than when Lerner was in charge ! Complete shambles ! Wo n't be long before bruce is gone too .
Anthony Con : Xia Out ..... Xia Out ..... Xia Out
Justin Murphy : What the hell is happening ? @ Dr_TonyXia needs to sort this mess out , and quick ! It 's embarrassing ! Be lucky if we have a manager in a few weeks ! Or a team for that matter ! ! Starting from scratch again this season after two years building ! Joke !
It 's coming home : Is there anybody left at Villa Park ?
I hope to god “ Dr ” Tony is sorting this all out behind the scenes otherwise this will be the most depressing season in our history .
Borsalin : And so continues the degradation of our club ...
The Former Everton and Manchester United assistant manager Round becomes the latest chief to leave following Keith Wyness ' departure last month .
The move also leaves manager Steve Bruce in a difficult predicament with two of their closest Villa Park allies now out of the picture .
The club released the news this morning , saying : “ We can confirm Director of Football Steve Round has left the club .
“ The club would like to thank Steve for all their efforts and wish them well for the future . ”
Round was appointed in September 2016 as Paddy Riley 's replacement and was tasked with implementing the ‘ Villa Engine ' as well as taking an active role in identifying transfer targets .
Round was linked to Arsenal in November with reports suggesting the Gunners were impressed with their work at Villa , but the 47-year-old is now out of work .
Why ex-Aston Villa star did n't celebrate with their England team-mates
More Villa news
Aston Villa are in a tussle with West Bromwich Albion and Bristol City for the signature of David McGoldrick , according to reports .
McGoldrick , 30 , is a Republic of Ireland international who has left Ipswich Town upon the expiry of their contract this summer .
The forward had been at Portman Road for the last five years and has also previously had spells with Southampton , Nottingham Forest and Coventry City .
Villa , who have n't done any business as of yet this summer because of financial problems that have crippled the club , are supposedly keen on McGoldrick , who is available on a free transfer .
Neighbours Albion and Lee Johnson 's Bristol City have also been credited with an interest .
McGoldrick averages roughly one goal every four matches in their playing career .
Takeover latest
Tony Xia has knocked back another offer for a share of the control at Aston Villa , writes Gregg Evans .
It can be revealed that an American group bid £30m for 30 per-cent of the club last month - but it was flat-out rejected .
BirminghamLive understands that representatives from the group visited Villa Park and were hoping to play a part in rebuilding the club .
But despite looking for outside investment - and receiving an offer that matched their financial demands - Xia still turned it down .
That 's now two serious bids rejected by the Chinese business person .
Last week we revealed that an offer from a European group for 51 per-cent of control was also rejected .
It 's understood that another consortium - who have been linked with a move for Villa before - also met with the current management team consisting of chief commercial officer Luke Organ and others last week .
There has been no formal offer , though .
It 's understood that the American group , who placed a bid for 30 per-cent , were confident of getting the go-ahead .
They were also willing to discuss a potential takeover and offered up the promise of another £15m should promotion be achieved in two years .
Of course there were some proposals of their own .
One of those was to sell star performer Jack Grealish for no less than £40m - and use all of the incoming funds as operating capital .
They understand that the 22-year-old is the club 's prized asset and actually want to keep them on board next season , but losing them for an exorbitant fee would n't be the worse thing to happen if the interest was there .
Xia , however - through their Villa Park representatives - declined the first offer , and that was as far as it got .
They have n't given up hope , though , and are expected to return with another offer later this week .
Meanwhile , as reported by BirminghamLive last week , two other parties remain keen .
They both have the funds available to invest heavily and continue to support the club in the quest for a return to the Premier League , however new owners would have to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations .
They are now in the process of drawing up their offers .
Twenty-three Rhode Islanders traveled overnight by bus Saturday to participate in a rally against immigration enforcement in Washington . Pictured from left : Carmen Boucher , Bethany Boucher and Jocelyn Rivera , all from Woonsocket , hold up their signs in Lafayette Square ahead of the rally .
Rebecca Jo Williams , 65 , died Tuesday , Feb. 14 , 2017 , at the Jewish Hospital in Louisville .
Born Feb. 10 , 1952 , in Mercer County , they were the daughter of the late Walter Carroll and Marjorie Marie Grubbs Williams .
They were a retired employee of Createc , and a member of the Battle Baptist Church .
Developer Rockstar Games has confirmed that Red Dead Redemption 2 , the latest in its Red Dead spaghetti western franchise , has been delayed for a second time through to October 2018 - and there 's still no word of a PC port .
The sequel , in case you could n't guess , to the well-received Red Dead Redemption , itself the successor to 2004 's Red Dead Revolver , Red Dead Redemption 2 was originally scheduled for an autumn 2017 release before Rockstar pushed the title back to spring 2018 to 'ensure we can deliver the best experience possible for our fans ' .
Now , though , Rockstar has announced a second delay to the launch , but is at least now confident enough in its progress to set a firm date : October 26th 2018 .
'We apologise to everyone disappointed by this delay , ' a representative claimed in the announcement . 'While we had hoped to have the game out sooner , we require a little extra time for polish . We sincerely thank you for your patience and hope that when you get to play the game , you will agree the wait will have been worth it . We look forward to sharing a lot more information with you in the coming weeks . '
There 's still one big question the company has n't answered , however : its plans for a PC port of the title , which has thus far only been confirmed for Xbox One and PlayStation 4 . The previous title in the series did not receive a PC port , despite being based on the same engine as Rockstar 's Grand Theft Auto series which has long been a staple on PC .
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo . Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni ...
The largest shares of Americans say they oppose the repeal of the Clean Power Plan and the withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement . The number of people who say they favor fracking more than doubles when presented with evidence that it will save them money on utility bills .
Sixty-one percent of Americans think climate change is a problem that the government needs to address , including 43 percent of Republicans and 80 percent of Democrats , according to a new survey from the Energy Policy Institute at the University of Chicago and The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research .
Those numbers are even higher when only those who believe in climate change are asked . Seven in 10 Republicans and nearly all Democrats who believe climate change is happening think that the government needs to take action . When asked about key climate policy decisions , the largest shares of Americans say they oppose the repeal of the Clean Power Plan and the withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement .
While many Americans favor policies that would help the country lower emissions , questions on how much they would personally be willing to pay to confront climate change ( in the form of a monthly fee on their electric bill ) reveal great disparity . While half are unwilling to pay even one dollar , 18 percent are willing to pay at least $ 100 per month .
“ These results put the polarized climate debate in sharp relief , but also point to the possibility of a path forward , ” said Michael Greenstone , director of EPIC and the Milton Friedman Professor in Economics , the College and Harris Public Policy at the University of Chicago . “ Although half of households said they were unwilling to pay anything for a carbon policy in their monthly electricity bills , on average Americans would pay about $ 30 per month , as a meaningful share of households report that they are willing to pay a substantial amount . What is particularly striking is that it 's projected to cost less than $ 30 per person to pay for climate damages from the electricity sector . ”
“ So , while the raw economics appears to be less and less of a problem , '' Greenstone added , `` the open question is whether it is feasible to devise a robust climate policy that accommodates these very divergent viewpoints . ”
The survey also reveals new insights into how Americans view hydraulic fracturing . The number of people who say they favor fracking more than doubles when presented with evidence that it will save them money , while fewer change their opinion on fracking when presented with environmental or health arguments . Specifically , Americans ' support for fracking jumps from 17 percent to 41 percent when presented with evidence that it will save them $ 250 annually on their personal natural gas bill . Meanwhile , the 41 percent who initially said they opposed fracking increased to 51 percent and 58 percent , respectively , when presented with health and environmental arguments against it .
“ Public opinion around many energy issues tends to be fluid , with people often defaulting to partisan starting points . But this survey shows an opportunity for consensus building through discussion and debate , ” said Trevor Tompson , director of The AP-NORC Center . “ Majorities of both Democrats and Republicans agree that climate change is happening , and there are signs that consensus could happen on other issues , too . ”
Additional findings from the survey include :
Seventy-two percent of Americans believe climate change is happening , including 85 percent of Democrats and 61 percent of Republicans . Nineteen percent remain unsure .
Political party and belief in climate change are the main determinants of whether people are willing to pay a modest fee to combat climate change , as opposed to education , income , or geographic location . Democrats are consistently willing to pay more than Republicans .
Fifty-seven percent support actions taken by some mayors and governors to honor the goals of the Paris climate agreement despite U.S. withdrawal , and 55 percent think their state and local government should do more to address climate change . A third say they should stick to the status quo .
Climate change and energy policy are very or extremely important to 48 percent and 54 percent of Americans , respectively , while at least two-thirds say health care , the economy , and terrorism are important policy priorities .
Thirty-five percent oppose the direction of energy policy in the United States , while 45 percent lack an opinion and only 17 percent support the direction . Republicans are more likely than Democrats to favor the direction of energy policy , but they are most likely to lack an opinion .
Roughly equal shares of Americans favor , oppose , and neither favor nor oppose the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines .
Forty percent of Americans oppose the repeal of the Clean Power Plan , which the Trump administration is reviewing . Thirty-seven percent lack an opinion , while just 20 percent favor its repeal .
More Americans lack an opinion on the use of fracking in the United States than support it : 37 percent neither favor nor oppose fracking , 17 percent favor it , and 41 percent oppose it .
An equal number of Americans either support or lack an opinion on the withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement , while the largest number opposes withdrawal : 42 percent oppose it , 28 percent support it , and 28 percent neither support nor oppose withdrawal . Half of those who support withdrawal say the agreement was too costly for the United States .
—Story first appeared on the Energy Policy Institute at the University of Chicago website .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A war veteran should be discharged from hospital this week having undergone the world 's first extensive penis and scrotum transplant .
The veteran lost their genitals in a blast in Afghanistan and underwent surgery last month .
Saying they wanted to address `` an unspoken injury of war '' , Johns Hopkins University surgeons rebuilt the man 's entire pelvic region - transplanting a penis , scrotum and part of the abdominal wall from a deceased donor - in a highly experimental 14-hour operation .
Such transplants `` can help those warriors with missing genitalia just as hand and arm transplants transformed the lives of amputees '' , said Dr WP Andrew Lee , Hopkins 's chairperson of plastic and reconstructive surgery .
The patient , who asked to remain anonymous , is expected to recover urinary and , eventually , sexual function .
The scrotum transplant did not include the donor 's testicles , meaning reproduction will not be possible .
`` We just felt there were too many unanswered ethical questions '' with that extra step , said Dr Damon Cooney .
Three other successful penis transplants have been reported , two in South Africa and one in 2016 at Massachusetts General Hospital . Those transplants involved only the penis , not extensive surrounding tissue that made this transplant much more complex .
( Image : Getty images )
The loss of a penis , whether from cancer , accident or war injury , is emotionally traumatic , affecting urination , sexual intimacy and the ability to conceive a child . Many patients suffer in silence because of the stigma .
Doctors sometimes reconstruct the form of a penis from a patient 's own skin , usually to treat congenital abnormalities or during transgender surgery . That requires using implants to achieve erection .
For a functional penis transplant , surgeons must connect tiny nerves and blood vessels . Candidates face some serious risks , including rejection of the tissue and side effects from anti-rejection drugs that must be taken for life .
But penis transplants have generated intense interest among veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan , and a few years ago Hopkins surgeons began planning and rehearsing how to perform such a complex operation in patients with widespread tissue damage .
The Department of Defence Trauma Registry has recorded 1,367 male service members who survived with genitourinary injuries between 2001 and 2013 . It is not clear how many victims lost all or part of the penis .
Hopkins is screening additional veterans to see if they are candidates for this type of reconstructive transplant .
Finding donors is an additional hurdle . In the US , people or their families who agree to donate organs such as a heart or lung must be asked separately about also donating a penis , hand , face or other body part .
The Hopkins patient received an extra experimental step , an infusion of bone marrow from their donor that research suggests may help a recipient 's immune system better tolerate a transplant .
Surgeons said that is enabling the veteran to take one anti-rejection drug instead of several .
In a statement from Hopkins , the patient was quoted as saying : `` When I first woke up , I felt finally more normal . ''
Antonio Guterres , Secretary General of the United Nations , speaks at the main session moderated by Becky Anderson , CNN , at the World Government Summit 2017 , Dubai .
Dubai : The UN secretary-general on Monday defended their pick of former Palestinian prime minister Salam Fayyad as the UN envoy to Libya — a move that the US opposed , citing solidarity with Israel — during the World Government Summit in Dubai on Monday .
Antonio Guterres said Fayyad is “ the right person for the right job , at the right moment ” and Libya “ requires the kind of capacity that they have ; and I think it 's a loss for the Libyan peace process and for the Libyan people that I am not able to appoint him ” .
Fayyad served as the prime minister of the Palestinian Authority from 2007 to 2013 .
Guterres ' comments came during a brief interaction with CNN anchor Becky Anderson following their main address to the WGS , which ends on Tuesday at the Madinat Jumeirah Resort .
The US ambassador to the UN , Nikki Hayley , recently accused the UN of being “ unfairly biased in favour of the Palestinian Authority to the detriment of our allies in Israel ” .
On Monday , Anderson asked Guterres at WGS “ how do you deal with that ? ”
‘ Dramatic moment '
Guterres replied that “ nobody in the UN represents a government or a country . People in the UN have just one area of loyalty that they need to respect — it 's the UN charter ” .
They continued the defence of their choice by adding that “ I do not think there 's any valid reason to avoid someone that is very competent to do a job that is extremely important in the dramatic moment ” .
Guterres added : “ Let us not forget that Libya is not just relevant in itself . Libya has been a factor of contamination in the peace and stability in a wide area … and to bring an end to the conflict in Libya is in everybody 's interest . ”
Guterres was also asked by Anderson on their “ take on Syria , as we are talking conflict and this region ” . Guterres said “ there is no solution for the Syrian problem without a comprehensive political solution in which all Syrians feel they are properly represented ” .
‘ No precedence '
Turning to the new US administration — under new US president Donald Trump — Anderson asked Guterres if they felt “ concerned ” whether the “ ‘ America First ' pitch ” is compatible with the “ core values ” of the UN . Guterres replied “ the UN needs to engage constructively with the US administration , as with any other administration in the world . The US is a key partner in global affairs and it would be a mistake to undermine this relationship based on any kind on precedence . There is no precedence . Let 's take things for its face value and let 's do everything possible to make this relationship a constructive relationship ” .
During their main address , the UN secretary-general highlighted a “ terrible lack of trust between people and their governments ” felt by those “ left behind by globalisation ” . Guterres warned that alienated youth were susceptible to supporting extremism and called for reforms in governance , including in the UN .
Former Stars player Cody Eakin ( 21 ) skates past former teammates Tyler Seguin ( 91 ) and Jamie Benn ( 14 ) after the national anthem before the Dallas Stars vs. the Vegas Golden Knights NHL hockey game at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday , October 6 , 2017 . Also pictured is Vegas Golden Knights Erik Haula ( 56 ) . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
Storyline
Another great test for the Stars and a great chance to entertain the home fans . Vegas beat Nashville 4-3 in a shootout Friday , so it could possibly be tired . Dallas is coming off losses to Nashville and St. Louis , so it should be motivated . This is the final meeting between these two teams this season , and they have split the first two .
Key match-up
James Neal vs. Jamie Benn
The two once were linemates on the Stars and they both seem to find each other on the ice a lot . Benn has 24 points ( 11 goals , 13 assists ) in 29 games but has n't scored a goal in nine games . Neal has 22 points ( 14 goals , 8 assists ) , including two goals against the Stars this season .
Key Number
.924
That 's the save percentage for Vegas goalie Malcolm Subban , eighth best in the NHL . Subban has played well in the injury absence of Marc-Andre Fleury , as they are 7-2-0 with a 2.33 GAA . They stopped 27 shots in a 3-0 loss to Dallas Nov. 28 , and they could get the start on the second half of a back-to-back tonight . Former Stars prospect Maxime Lagace is the Golden Knights ' back-up and is 5-6-1 with a 3.85 GAA and .866 save percentage .
Notable
Dallas lost at St. Louis , 3-0 Thursday , and is 16-12-1 ( 33 points ) , including 10-3-0 at home .
Vegas beat the Predators , 4-3 in a shootout , in Nashville Friday and is 18-9-1 ( 37 points ) . Vegas is 7-7-1 on the road .
Ben Bishop is expected to start in goal for Dallas . They are 13-8-0 with a 2.67 GAA and .910 save percentage . In two appearances against Vegas , Bishop has not allowed a goal while facing 53 shots .
This is the third of three meetings between these two teams . Vegas won in Dallas Oct. 6 , 2-1 . Dallas won in Las Vegas , 3-0 , Nov. 28 .
Defenseman Marc Methot is out for 4-6 weeks after arthroscopic knee surgery . They are skating and the Stars hope they can return to play before Christmas .
Center Martin Hanzal is week to week with a hamstring injury . They are skating .
Antoine Roussel will return to the lineup after missing four games with the flu .
Stars coach Ken Hitchcock is mixing up the top two lines , as Devin Shore will move to the top line with Jamie Benn and Tyler Seguin , while Alexander Radulov will move to the second line with Jason Spezza and Mattias Janmark .
Dallas ranks first in the NHL in the fewest shots on goal at 29.3 .
Vegas ranks third in scoring at 3.43 goals per game .
They said it
`` It 's open for debate whether it works , but we wo n't be afraid to change back . It 's more to try to see if we can get other people going . And I think that it really helps us balance things out and see if we can do it , but it 's not cast in stone . It seemed like a good yesterday and it seemed like a good idea this morning , so we want to try it . ''
-Stars coach Ken Hitchcock on juggling up their lines , including moving Alexander Radulov to the second line .
`` We have to get more people contributing . You talk about getting it spread out , but I think it 's more an attitude . Sometimes , when one group 's doing so well , you just let them do well , you watch them . I 've said this since day one , we have to get more people participating in more parts of our game . We need more from other people and we 're going to push to get it . ''
-Stars coach Ken Hitchcock on depth scoring .
`` He provides a definitive energy , which is contagious , but they were also playing awful well . They were playing smart , high-energy hockey and that was really helping us a lot . They were great killing penalties . It allowed us to use those three guys killing penalties whereas now we 're just using the two . It gave us a fourth pair killing penalties , so it spread out that responsibility .
-Stars coach Ken Hitchcock on the return of Antoine Roussel , who has missed four games with the flu .
`` The teams that win on a consistent basis , the stick is carried in a proper fashion all of the time and you take pride in not taking stick fouls . We took five stick fouls yesterday and that 's not acceptable . We 've addressed it . We 've gone in ebbs and flows , we 've addressed it and gotten better and then when the other team is controlling the game , we 've become a little undisciplined at times . ''
-Stars coach Ken Hitchcock on how the Stars have to reduce the amount of time they are shorthanded .
`` It sucks . We 're not happy with it . We have to figure it out . It 's not the end of the world , but it 's not good either ... It 's important . It 's important for the future , it 's important for now . We have to deal with it and we have to be better . It 's simple as that . ''
-Stars winger Alexander Radulov on their team losing to Nashville and St. Louis .
Stars projected lineup
Jamie Benn-Tyler Seguin-Devin Shore
Mattias Janmark-Jason Spezza-Alexander Radulov
Antoine Roussel-Radek Faksa-Tyler Pitlick
Remi Elie-Gemel Smith-Brett Ritchie
Esa Lindell-John Klingberg
Dan Hamhuis-Greg Pateryn
Jamie Oleksiak-Stephen Johns
Ben Bishop
Kari Lehtonen
Scratched : Julius Honka
Injured : Marc Methot ( knee ) , Martin Hanzal ( lower body ) .
( WSVN ) - Who knew calamari and kale could make for such a delicious combination ? That 's what 's cooking tonight as we grab a Bite With Belkys .
The Chef : Alia Asher
The Restaurant : Boathouse at The Riverside , Fort Lauderdale
The Dish : Stewed Calamari
Ingredients :
1 pound calamari tubes and tentacles ( can use frozen ; defrost before cooking )
1 tbs olive oil
1 medium onions
3 garlic cloves
1/8 tsp Scotch bonnet pepper ( optional )
1 chopped small roma tomato
15 oz can white northern beans
1 cup thinly chopped kale
2 tbs pancetta
Salt and pepper , to taste
2 tbs butter
3 sprigs of thyme
1 tbs chopped parsley
1 cup clam juice
½ cup white wine
Method of Preparation :
– Clean and cut the calamari tubes into rings and separate the tentacles . Finely chop the onions , garlic , tomato , pancetta and Scotch bonnet .
– Heat the olive oil in a thick-bottomed pan . Add the onions , garlic , pancetta , tomato and peppers . Sauté them for five minutes . Deglaze with wine and add half of the butter along with calamari , thyme sprigs ( left whole ) and salt and pepper . Cook for a few more minutes , adding beans , kale and the remaining butter and clam broth .
– Simmer a few more minutes and serve .
To Plate :
Scoop calamari mixture into bowl or plate . Spoon extra sauce in the bowl or plate .
Serves : 4 small plates
Serving Suggestion :
River Rum Runner ( includes blackberry brandy and banana rum )
Boathouse at The Riverside
620 E Las Olas Blvd
Fort Lauderdale , FL 33301
( 954 ) 377-5494
http : //www.riversidehotel.com
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LONDON — British police declared a `` major incident '' early Wednesday after two people were left critically ill following their suspected exposure to an `` unknown substance '' just a few miles from the scene of a nerve agent attack on a former Russian spy and their daughter .
Emergency officials found a man and a woman — both aged in their 40s — unconscious at a property in Amesbury , England , on Saturday .
Going to the Thunder Valley Motocross National this weekend ? Want to be able to get into the pits all day ?
The only way to cruise the pits whenever you 'd like is with the Racer X All-Day Pit Pass , but quantities are limited ! Get yours today while they 're still available and receive all-day pit access , plus a one-year subscription to Racer X Illustrated , for just $ 50 .
If you preorder online for this event , you 'll need to pick your Racer X Pit Pass at the Racer X Pit Pass booth ( located in Sponsor Village ) , where you 'll also receive an extra copy of Racer X , the official event sticker , and Racer X stickers .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
BUCKSPORT — “ Bucksport strong ” is a motto that has appeared on the backs of many a Bucksport T-shirt over the years . But just how strong is Bucksport exactly ?
Now , area residents can answer that question themselves at the newly remodeled fitness center in the G.H . Jewett School .
“ I 'm pretty pumped on how this turned out , ” said Nick Tymoczko , the operations director for the YMCA in Bucksport .
Earlier this year , Tymoczko asked for feedback from people using the old fitness center down the hall . They found that the center was in need of an upgrade , and they submitted a successful proposal for the Town Council to help support the YMCA 's effort to remodel the gym .
With $ 8,000 from the Town Council , Tymoczko and other YMCA workers got to work reupholstering the cardio equipment , putting down a new floor and slapping a fresh coat of bright purple-and-gold paint on the walls .
“ I 'm proud of the atmosphere we 're going to have , ” said the Bucksport native at the fitness center 's grand opening on Monday . “ Above anything else , it 's going to be a social environment . People will be able to come chat , and that 's the whole mind-body-spirit connection . ”
The gym will have a morning and an evening supervisor , which Tymoczko hopes will help enhance the social feel of the place .
“ They 'll be a welcoming face , ” they said . “ I do n't need a muscle-head walking up to you and challenging you to a bench press . I want someone who wants you to feel as good as they do . ”
The evening supervisor , Eleanor Shorey , embodies that attitude . Earlier this year , Shorey underwent a gastric sleeve surgery and a severe emotional funk .
Coming to the Jewett fitness center to hit the weights and the elliptical , they said , has been an uplifting experience .
“ I love how it has helped me confidence-wise , ” said the 46-year-old . “ Just being here is great for me . ”
One of Shorey 's tasks is to help members learn to safely use the wide range of equipment at the fitness center , which includes treadmills , elliptical machines , stationary bikes , a rowing machine , kettlebells , exercise balls and free weights .
“ Hopefully I 'll be able to help others here as well , ” they said .
One of those people Shorey might help paid a visit to the fitness center at the grand opening .
“ I work at the senior center , so I can just come by and a get a workout in , ” said Sue Ann Craig , the director of the Bucksport Senior Center . “ It 's in a very central location , close to the schools and the health center . ”
Membership at the fitness center is $ 10 a month . The gym is open 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Friday and from 7 a.m. to noon on Saturdays . For more information , call 469-3518 .
`` I have eight schools on my list now , '' said Hall . `` This list came about by education No . 1 . Next it was schools that I️ have visited that felt like home . Some schools I️ have n't visited but they have shown a lot of love and we have a great relationship , so those things helped me get to eight . ''
The 6-foot-4 , 214 pounds turned 17 years old today and they picked that day to reveal to all who their top schools are . The athlete has added numerous offers in recent weeks , they have taken a handful of visits and they are now ready to name their first group of favorites .
Over the last few months , Gulfport star Derick Hall has emerged as one of the top 2019 prospects in Mississippi .
Each school they are high on has offered and they are Arkansas , Auburn , Florida State , Louisville , Mississippi State , Ole Miss , Tennessee and Vanderbilt .
Hall gives their reasons why they are high on each school .
ARKANSAS : `` The reason Arkansas made it is coach [ Chad ] Morris . They are a great high character guy who loves their players and they want to develop them as a person . ''
AUBURN : `` I️ visited there and they have a great engineering program . I also think the coaching staff is amazing . I️ visited with coach [ Gus ] Malzahn and they are a great guy and they have great people there . ''
FLORIDA STATE : `` I️ have just built a relationship there with the coaches and they talk real stuff with me . They do n't just say something that a kid wants to hear and it 's not always about football , so that is why I like them :
LOUISVILLE : `` I want to branch out and try new things while growing as a person and I think I can do that at Louisville . I like their coaching staff too . ''
MISSISSIPPI STATE : `` When I visited there I saw that they have a great staff . We have a huge growing relationship and I like that a lot . ''
OLE MISS : `` Ole Miss is just wow . Coach [ Matt ] Luke is amazing . He 's a coast guy which makes it even better . My guy coach [ Freddie ] Roach and coach [ Terry ] McGriff talk about education and growing as a man . That 's the great thing . I️ have a relationship with every coach at Ole Miss . ''
TENNESSEE : `` Tennessee is an amazing school . I have never visited there but what me and coach [ Jeremy ] Pruitt and some of the other coaches talk about drops them there . We talk about where they see me playing , how they ca n't wait to get me up to Rocky Top and things like that . ''
VANDERBILT : `` I like Vanderbilt because it 's just an amazing educational place and I️ believe they are growing football wise . ''
They have visited the two in-state schools and Auburn so far , so the next thing on their to-do list is to check out a few more of these schools in person . A decision is likely to come after that .
`` I want to take some visits , cut the list down one more time , then commit over the summer , '' said Hall . `` I want to be committed by the time my senior year begins . ''
WASHINGTON , D.C. — President Donald Trump knew for three weeks that former national security adviser Michael Flynn misrepresented their contacts with a Russian diplomat before firing them under pressure , the White House acknowledged Tuesday in offering an account of Flynn 's downfall that differed strikingly from what it said a day earlier .
After days of questions about whether Flynn had spoken with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. in December about new sanctions implemented by the Obama administration , White House officials said…
There 's a good chance you have no idea what UC Santa Barbara Extension does . Bob York , interim dean of the program , understands this . That 's one of the reasons they decided to changed its name .
“ Nobody knows what ‘ Extension ' means , ” they said . “ Even people I know who 've been here for 30 years did n't know . ‘ What does extension do ? ' The academics on campus are mystified by it .
`` Students — most of them have never heard of it . And even a lot of community members , I think , do n't really know . ”
So , out with Extension , in with Professional and Continuing Education . Or , if you want to tempt the gods of language clarity , Extension 2.0 .
But York and their team in the campus 's Kerr Hall have embarked on something much more substantial than a name change : They 're rethinking the program 's mission , content and approach .
For decades Extension was largely focused on continuing education , such as project management and paralegal studies for the public .
York , however , sees a much bigger — and largely untapped — audience for professional development courses : UCSB 's nearly 22,000 undergraduate students .
They said a recent survey of undergrads showed 95 percent want some professional development as part of their education .
“ Many of them now are sensitive to , ‘ What am I going to do when go out there on the job market ? How can I make myself more attractive to employers ? ' — that sort of thing , ” they said .
York , an electrical engineer who previously was chair of UCSB 's lauded Technology Management Program ( TMP ) , envisions a raft of courses and certification programs that will complement undergraduate degrees .
For example , they said , “ You can do a degree in cultural anthropology and maybe get a web development certificate to show an employer you have some tech skills . ”
The survey found students were interested in a number of topics Extension never offered , such as pre-med , pre-law , nonprofit leadership and fundraising , among others .
York said UCSB is unique among UC campuses in that it has no traditional professional schools , such as law or medicine . Professional and Continuing Education , however , could help students prepare for the next step .
“ I 'm excited about some of the things that leverage our core expertise on campus with the great faculty and even staff that we have here in certain topical areas , ” they said .
“ My vision is that Extension can be the professional school of UCSB , that students will turn to us for professional course work , ” they said .
Among the new certificate programs planned are pharmacy technician , EMT training , professional journalist , environmental project management and several focused on technology .
Professional and Continuing Education will model itself , appropriately , after TMP . Under York , its undergraduate certificate program — TMP also offers master 's and Ph.D. degrees — was set up so that students took a mix of course work and Extension classes .
“ It 's structured like a minor but more focused on professional development , ” they said . “ It 's a hybrid . This is what the TMP model was . Students take a few classes in TMP , a few classes in Extension and then we package that together . ”
Beyond undergraduates and the community , the new Professional and Continuing Education will also focus on international students and core training programs for businesses .
For the latter group , York and their team created a New Manager Boot Camp , an intensive , two-day course designed to give participants the skills they need to step into a management role .
An example of what York called “ executive education , ” the boot camp , held June 21-22 on campus , was aimed at the rapidly growing companies — many of them technology startups — based on the South Coast .
The idea for the course originated when York was at TMP , which had created UCSB 's first professional degree program : the master 's in technology management .
In building the new degree , TMP had hired faculty from business schools from around the country . Most of them came from programs that operated executive education courses for local businesses .
Indeed , the boot camp featured two distinguished instructors : Kyle Lewis , professor and chair of TMP , and Paul Leonardi , the Duca Family Professor of Technology Management and the Investment Group of Santa Barbara Founding Director of the Master of Technology Management Program .
Other new offerings have included an 11-week intensive course in web development . The certification program , the first of its kind in the Santa Barbara area , was not for the faint of heart .
It met three nights a week for three and a half hours each night . Most taking the course were working professionals on campus or in the community .
It was the sort of course York envisions for students as well .
“ I 'd like to do something like that for students where they could take a class during their studies here to learn about web design or programming , mobile apps , that kind of thing , ” they said . “ I 'm a technology guy , so the technology stuff is the low-hanging fruit for me . ”
As it happens , Extension 2.0 represents something of blank slate for York and their team . Many of its senior managers retired around the time they took over , giving them the opportunity to reshape the program .
“ We have a pretty lean operation in terms of staff , ” they said . “ It 's not just me that 's new ; a big fraction of the staff is new , so we 're reinventing ourselves right now . ”
For a guy who started their own tech company in the 1990s , Professional and Continuing Education feels a little like those heady and challenging days .
“ It 's been a lot of fun , ” they said , “ but it 's liberating in some ways , too . Extension is obviously connected to UCSB , but it 's its own self-supporting unit , so we have a lot of freedom to operate .
`` I can wake up tomorrow morning and go , ‘ I think we should create a class in this , ' and it 's a reality a month later . ”
— Jim Logan for UCSB .
I hail a cab from the corner of Broadway and West 73rd St. , and the Russian-accented driver asks for my destination . Just an average New York moment — but when ...
The Fund for Santa Barbara graciously welcomed more than 800 supporters last Saturday afternoon at the 18th annual Bread & Roses community dinner and auction held at the beautiful QAD facilities at the top of Ortega Hill in Summerland .
The popular fundraiser was rumored to be a sell-out , and the high attendance numbers once again did not disappoint as lines of people formed outside the glass entryway leading into the reception area , and many guests welcomed the offer of a glass of wine while waiting to enter .
Proceeds from the event benefited The Fund for Santa Barbara 's grant-making and technical assistance programs , which support grassroots organizations working for social , economic , environmental and political change throughout Santa Barbara County .
“ The Fund does one big annual fundraiser every year , which is Bread & Roses , and it is responsible for about 20 percent of our fundraising , ” said Geoff Green , executive director of The Fund for Santa Barbara . “ We raise all of our money every year so we do n't have a large endowment , and actually raise it from a group of about 700 donors a year , and more than half of those folks are here today . ”
Inside , visitors were greeted with an array of concession stands on both the upper and lower level floors of the pane glass building with spectacular views from the bluff overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Some of the many savory delights for guests included Ahi tuna tartare from Marmalade Café , vegetable and curry puff pastry empanadas from Opal Restaurant & Bar , chicken tenders on skewers from The Palace Grill , smoked salmon crostini from the SBCC School of Culinary Arts & Hotel Management , cookies from The Good Cookie and assorted fresh berries from The Berry Man .
It was all complemented and washed down with wines from wineries such as Kalyra , Flying Goat and New Vineland with beer from Telegraph Brewing Co. and coffee provided by Caribbean Coffee Co .
Accompanying the gourmet dinner buffet was a silent auction with many great items , including fine jewelry , artwork , massages , gift baskets , clothing and more than 200 other items .
Guests ate and reviewed the auction items while soaking in the atmosphere of the afternoon and the music of So What Kombo featuring cool jazz tunes with a twist of R & B . Other sounds included Andrew Jackson , widely recognized as The Guitar Chameleon , accompanied by Barbara Coventry .
Next , a welcome message and acknowledgments with an update on The Fund for Santa Barbara were shared before a live auction hosted by Hannah-Beth Jackson . Items up for bid included a week on Kauai valued at $ 1,200 , six nights at Casa Nilo in Tassignano , Lucca Tuscany , valued at $ 2,240 , and Cinema Paradiso with two Platinum Passes to the 27th annual Santa Barbara International Film Festival valued at $ 3,300 .
The satisfied guests and supporters then enjoyed the opportunity to mix and mingle and watch the sunset for the close of another highly successful Bread & Roses event .
The Fund for Santa Barbara has awarded $ 280,223 in grant-making as of September 2011 for General Fund , Multi-Year , Emerging Need , Donor Advised , Central Coast Human Rights and Youth Making Change grants , such as Good Samaritan Shelter 's Faces of Homelessness , the University Park Homeowners Association , the Santa Barbara Foundation 's Recidivism Reduction in the County Jail , the Children 's Creative Project 's Michael Katz Storyteller Residencies , Primo Boxing 's Say Yes to Kids and The Good Life 's Junior High Mentoring Program .
The Fund for Santa Barbara was established in 1980 as a unique resource for progressive grassroots organizing in Santa Barbara County . Since its inception , The Fund has given more than $ 4 million to more than 800 grassroots projects .
“ This is the one time that many of these people will all be in the same space on any given year , ” Green said . “ This is the kind of event that is accessible to absolutely everybody , so we have people here because they are doing the work on the ground . ”
The Fund for Santa Barbara thanks the following corporate and food and beverage sponsors for support of the 18th Annual Bread & Roses event :
Corporate Sponsors
» Santa Barbara Independent , QAD , Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck , Cox Communications , Deckers Outdoor Corp. , the Hutton Parker Foundation and the Santa Barbara Foundation .
» Ameriprise/Kate Silsbury , Antioch University , Business First Bank , Coastal Management Resources , Fielding Graduate University , Harrington Investments , MarBorg Industries , Noozhawk , Planet Solar , Rabobank , SAGE Publications , ParentClick and SEIU Local 620 .
» Classic Party Rentals , Danielle Siano Graphic Design , EasyLift Transportation , GreenProject Consultants , Healing Grounds Nursery , Horny Toad , Island Seed & Feed , Kenji Photography , McGowan Guntermann , Montecito Bank & Trust , Mullen & Henzell , The Towbes Group and Walden Asset Management .
Food and Beverage Sponsors
» Del Pueblo Cafe , Le Crepe Shoppe , Marmalade Café , OMNI Fresco Catering , Opal , Organic Soup Kitchen , The Palace Grill , Pascucci , The Secret Ingredient/Museum Café , SOhO , Via Maestra 42 , Telegraph Brewing Co. , Alma Rosa Winery , Kalyra Winery , New Vineland , Flying Goat Cellars , Patrick and Donna Will , The Good Cookie , The Berry Man and Jessica Foster Confections .
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkSociety , @ NoozhawkNews , and @ NoozhawkBiz . Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook .
TORONTO , ONTARIO -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) - Nutritional High International Inc. ( the `` Company '' or `` Nutritional High '' ) ( CSE : EAT ) ( CSE : EAT.CN ) ( OTCQB : SPLIF ) ( FRANKFURT:2NU ) is pleased to announce that it has secured an extension of the US $ 800,000 secured note of its Pueblo , Colorado , property ( the `` Colorado Loan Extension '' ) with a Veterans Capital Fund , LLC ( `` Lender '' ) . In addition , the Company has also entered into a term sheet with the lender to provide a loan ( `` Oregon Loan '' ) against the property it acquired in La Pine , Oregon ( `` Oregon Property '' ) ( please see the press release dated March 27 , 2017 ) .
Colorado Loan Extension
The terms of the Extension are as follows :
The Lender has agreed to extend the term an additional twelve ( 12 ) months up through April , 18 , 2018 ;
The Company will continue to pay the Lender monthly interest payments at a rate of 13 % per annum ;
The Company will pay the Lender a one-time renewal fee of 1 % and pay an additional extension fee of 1 % for this extended term ; and
Subject to regulatory approval , the expiry date of the previously issued 3,333,334 warrants ( the `` Warrants '' ) , exercisable at a price of CAD $ 0.06 per Warrant will be extended , to October 18 , 2018 . In addition , the Company will issue to the Lender 1,000,000 new Warrants at an exercise price of CAD $ 0.15 per Warrant , expiring on October 18 , 2018 .
Oregon Loan Summary
The key terms of the Oregon Loan are as follows :
The Company shall commission a formal appraisal of the Oregon Property , upon which the principal amount of the Oregon Loan shall be determined , which shall be equal to the least of : i ) 85 % of the appraised value , and ii ) $ 400,000 USD ( `` Principal Amount `` ) ;
`` ) ; The Oregon Loan will be secured by the first charge over Oregon Property and carry an interest rate of 13 % per annum for a period of 18 months ; and
Subject to regulatory approval , the Company shall issue to the Lender up to 1,125,515 Warrants ( assuming that the principal amount of Oregon Loan is US $ 400,000 or CAD $ 530,600 , assuming CAD : USD noon rate on April 13 , 2017 , and 35 % warrant coverage ) , at an exercise price equal to $ 0.165 , which represents a 10 % premium to the price at which the Company has completed its last equity financing .
The Oregon Loan is subject to due diligence review by the Lender , which is expected to be completed in May 2017 .
About Nutritional High International Inc .
Nutritional High is focused on developing , manufacturing and distributing products and nationally recognized brands in the hemp and marijuana-infused products industries , including edibles and oil extracts for nutritional , medical and adult recreational use . The Company works exclusively through licensed facilities in jurisdictions where such activity is permitted and regulated by state law .
For updates on the Company 's activities and highlights of the Company 's press releases and other media coverage , please follow Nutritional High on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Google+ .
About Veterans Capital Corp .
Veterans Capital Corp. is a specialty finance company located in Florida , focused on providing quality financial and leasing services to all types of business clients . Veterans Capital provides sound financial alternative to traditional bank financing with competitive cost effective leasing and commercial loan solutions . Veterans Capital and its investment partners nationwide understand the value of long term relationships , building loyalty and making a commitment to its valued customers . Veterans Capital provides lease lines of credit and growth capital for early stage and emerging growth companies both public and privately held . In addition , we have funded commercial loans and sale/ leaseback transactions . Veterans Capital has also acted as a facilitator for project finance , real estate and financed private movie film ventures both in the US and Europe .
NEITHER THE CANADIAN SECURITIES EXCHANGE NOR OTC MARKETS GROUP INC , NOR ITS REGULATIONS SERVICES PROVIDER HAVE REVIEWED OR ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASE .
This news release may contain forward-looking statements and information based on current expectations . These statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results . Such statements involve known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results , performance or achievements to be materially different from those implied by such statements . Such statements include submission of the relevant documentation within the required timeframe and to the satisfaction of the relevant regulators , completing the acquisition of the applicable real estate and raising sufficient financing to complete the Company 's business strategy . There is no certainty that any of these events will occur . Although such statements are based on management 's reasonable assumptions , there can be no assurance that such assumptions will prove to be correct . We assume no responsibility to update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances .
Company 's securities have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 , as amended ( the `` U.S. Securities Act '' ) , or applicable state securities laws , and may not be offered or sold to , or for the account or benefit of , persons in the United States or `` U.S . Persons '' , as such term is defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act , absent registration or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements . This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the securities in the United States or any jurisdiction in which such offer , solicitation or sale would be unlawful .
Additionally , there are known and unknown risk factors which could cause the Company 's actual results , performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results , performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking information contained herein . All forward-looking information herein is qualified in its entirety by this cautionary statement , and the Company disclaims any obligation to revise or update any such forward-looking information or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking information contained herein to reflect future results , events or developments , except as required by law .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new Home Bargains store has opened at the Wyvern Retail Park on Saturday morning , so we had a look inside .
The discount chain , which sells branded products at reduced prices , opened its doors at 8.30am in the unit formerly occupied by Currys PC World .
The shop was busy when our reporter visited at around 11am .
Kulbinder Nanuwan , store manager , said : `` It looks like the store is really successful so far and you can see a lot of people in here already .
`` It 's still early yet but this is still above average for what we expected .
`` What makes us different are the low prices and our excellent customer service . Our staff take the time to ensure that people are looked after and if they need to know where something is , they 'll guide them to it instead of pointing .
( Image : Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media )
`` This store has opened because the customers wanted it and the business is growing well so its just a natural progression . This is actually the second store that 's opened today , as we had another opening in Bolton . ''
Valentine 's Day bargains at Home Bargains Men 's Valentine 's Boxer Shorts with hearts on them : £2.99 Light-up Lips : £2.99 A 170cm tall giant teddy bear : £39.99
Shopper Amy Taylor , of Alvaston , said : `` This is actually my favourite chain . It 's very cheap and we can get everything we need from here . It 's also quite kid-friendly too . ''
( Image : Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media )
They said : `` This place is very handy because the parking is free and it 's around 10 minutes closer than the other outlets . ''
Pauline Webb , of Littleover , said : `` I use Home Bargains quite a lot and I love it . You can get good quality stuff here at a really good price .
( Image : Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media )
`` This new store is definitely more convenient because you can drive here and park your car without paying a huge amount for parking like you have to do in the city centre . ''
Home Bargains offers cheap deals on homeware , health and beauty essentials , sweets , snacks and drinks , as well as fresh and frozen food .
TJ Morris , the company that owns Home Bargains , spent £750,000 on the new store , renovating the 15,000 sq ft of floor space and creating 50 jobs in the process .
( Image : Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media )
Joe Morris , operations director at Home Bargains , said : “ We 're thrilled to be launching our third store in Derby and look forward to welcoming customers through the doors . ”
“ Wyvern Retail Park will be a great location for us and we 're proud to be able to offer local people top-branded goods at exceptionally low prices . ”
This is the third Home Bargains store in Derby , joining outlets in Moore Street , off Normanton Road and Bradshaw Retail Park .
It joins Mothercare , Maplin , Homebase and many other big name retailers in the Wyvern Retail Park .
Home Bargains already has 450 outlets across the UK , which attract four million customers a week . The Wyvern store is part of the retailer plan to open around 50 new stores a year .
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '170 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 755 '' , '' competition '' : `` 474 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833341 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 755 '' , '' competition '' : `` 474 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833341 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- > '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '1761 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 755 '' , '' competition '' : `` 474 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833341 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 755 '' , '' competition '' : `` 474 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833341 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
The recent volatility in the real estate market has forced many more recent additions to the real estate industry to the sidelines , as the massive price declines that occurred in late 2008 , and throughout 2009 and 2010 , resulted in a huge contraction in real estate transactions . Many agents were forced to find work in other industries . Only those highly experienced agents with deep roots in the local community , with well-established track-records of success and extensive client-bases , were able to weather the economic storm .
Today , those who survived the downturn are finding new , exciting and lucrative opportunities as the real estate market firms and transactions have begun to increase . As Steve Epstein states , “ The market has appreciated 12 percent to 15 percent over the last year and may get pushed higher as buyers rush to beat the inevitable interest rate increases. ” The challenge today is the lack of inventory in our local market , but those brokers with the ability to secure listings , and who have the right buyers in their pipeline are excelling .
Epstein moved to Santa Barbara from the Midwest with their family in 1963 , their father having accepted a position with UC Santa Barbara . From an early age , they discovered that they had a passion for helping people solve problems and achieve their goals . Cultivating this passion and applying the skills they have developed throughout their career as a real estate broker , Epstein has enjoyed many years of success by focusing on the special needs of their clients . This dedication has been well-rewarded , earning them a highly loyal clientele .
Epstein demonstrated their ability to understand the unique needs and demands of their clients early in their career when they were recognized as the “ Rookie of the Year ” after their first year in the field . They also completed their courses and graduated from the Realtors Institute of California . Completion of “ GRI ” is a nationally recognized achievement and an indication of Epstein 's dedication to their career in the real estate industry . ( Only 6.7 percent of California Realtors have made the effort and achieved this professional designation . )
They have earned their Certified Residential Specialist designation . The CRS designation is the highest residential designation achievable . Fewer than 4 percent of all Realtors nationwide hold a CRS designation . Epstein is also a Seniors Real Estate Specialist . The SRES designation is issued by the Senior Advantage Real Estate Council . They consistently place in the top 1 percent of 80,000 to 90,000 agents nationally . They were recently recognized as being the No . 1 agent out of approximately 1,400 agents ( units sold ) in the Santa Barbara MLS . They have completed the training and gained the experience to become a Certified Architectural Specialist and an Estates Properties Specialist .
Epstein was recently recognized as being the No . 3 agent out of approximately 1,400 agents ( units sold ) in the Santa Barbara MLS . They have , once again , been named among the California 100 , and is one of the top 100 agents out of thousands of agents in California . They have completed the training and gained the experience to become a Certified Architectural Specialist and an Estates Properties Specialist .
In Santa Barbara , reputation is everything . This is a relatively small community , and if a service provider in any industry fails to place the needs of their or their client first , they will soon find themselves out of business . Epstein believes they have been successful because of their superior service and commitment to their clients . They are known within the industry for their professionalism and reliability . It is their experience , integrity , reputation and marketing skills that make them so successful in the Santa Barbara real estate market . As Epstein succinctly states in their team 's mission statement : “ We serve at the pleasure and discretion of our valued clients ”
Most important , Epstein gets the job done . They secure listings with motivated sellers who understand , based on their guidance , that appropriately priced properties get attention and receive offers , and they have ready buyers actively seeking to purchase properties in Santa Barbara .
Epstein is active with the Santa Barbara Maritime Museum ( as board president ) , the Foundation for Santa Barbara City College ( former board member ) , Transition House ( board member , past president ) and the Santa Barbara Bowl ( facility committee ) . They have been active with the American Cancer Society , Surgical Eye Expeditions ( SEE ) International , and has been the Santa Barbara Association of Realtors ' vice chairperson of the Programs Committee and has served on the Professional Standards Committee . He 's also been a director on the Semana Nautica board and is a current Business Leader at the Santa Barbara Region Chamber of Commerce .
Epstein will celebrate their 25th anniversary as a real estate broker this week . It is extremely rare , especially in the Santa Barbara market , to find professionals with a stellar reputation and a quarter-century of local market experience . They will also celebrate their one-year anniversary with Keller Williams Realty this week . Click here for more information , or contact them at 805.689.9339 .
— Craig Allen , CFA , CFP , CIMA , is president of Montecito Private Asset Management LLC and founder of Dump Your Debt . They have been managing assets for foundations , corporations and high-net worth individuals for more than 20 years and is a Chartered Financial Analyst ( CFA charter holder ) , a Certified Financial Planner ( CFP ) and holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst ( CIMA ) certification . They blog at Finance With Craig Allen and can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or 805.898.1400 . Click here to read previous columns or follow them on Twitter : @ MPAMCraig . The opinions expressed are their own .
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When you 're expecting , it 's so easy to be lured into the idea that you need to buy every baby product available on the market .
Maybe it 's the excitement , perhaps it 's the terror of the unknown .
But something makes you feel like you really must have every item of furniture , cute decoration and whizzy gadget there is in order to be a great parent
And yet , how many of these things just end up gathering dust in the nursery ?
Annoyingly it 's often the items you 've spent the most on that you discover you really did n't need .
We take a look at the 9 baby products you really can live without – which items did you buy ?
Nappy Disposal System
This really is a way to chuck the best part of £30 in the bin .
These systems work by locking in unpleasant nappy smells so you can avoid too many trips to the dustbin .
But let 's face it , when you have a baby , you 're going to have lots ( and lots ) of rubbish to be getting rid of so you 'll probably be emptying your rubbish bin every day in any case .
If you do want one , you can get a Tommee Tippee Sangenic Nappy Disposal System for around £25.99 from Boots
The Changing Table
You have this idea that you 'll always take your baby into the nursery for a change surrounded by items to inspire them and all your necessities on hand .
The reality ? You just change them on the floor wherever you happen to be .
Because babies need lots of changes throughout the day and who can be bothered to keep traipsing up the stairs to do it ?
One changing mat upstairs and one downstairs is a much better option , and a lot cheaper too .
And , once your little one starts moving , it 's no longer safe to change them anywhere but on the floor in any case .
This Osborne Dresser/Changer in oak maybe slightly more useful given it doubles up as a chest of drawers . It costs around £899 from Mamas & Papas
Wipe Warmer
Yes this is actually a thing .
You can warm your wipes so they 're not too cold on baby 's bottom .
Do you really want to start this ? What you 're likely to end up with is dried out wipes and a fussy baby liable to have a tantrum when you attempt to change their or their nappy with a cold wipe when you 're out and about .
If you do want to try them , you can get a Prince Lionheart Wipes Warmer Pop ! with case for around £29.99 from Argos
Baby Food Processor
So , your Nutribullet , blender or regular food processor is not good enough ?
As long as you give your regular appliance a good clean every time there 's no reason for you to have to buy a new mini one .
Because who has space for an extra gadget on their kitchen worktop ?
And surely it 's got to be better to make up big batches of baby-friendly soup that can be eaten by all the family / put in the freezer ?
The Tommee Tippee Baby Food Steamer Blender is available for around £99.99 from Toys R Us
Real nappies
You decide you want to be mother earth and do your bit to save the planet by using real , washable nappies like they did in the olden days .
Today there are whizzy clips and washable plastic covers in bright patterns to “ make life easier . ”
But , in truth , washing this many nappies on a hot wash every day does little to help the planet , especially when you then have to battle to dry them as quickly as possible to get them back on your baby .
It 's all a bit icky , and far too time consuming , especially if you 're planning to return to work .
You can get a Bambino Mio miosoft birth to potty pack for around £127.49 from Mothercare
Baby washing powder and detergent
The idea here is you carefully ( lovingly ) sort all your baby 's clothes into a separate pile to wash them in special ( read that as “ extra expensive ” ) washing powder and detergent .
But when the washing seems never-ending , it 's far better to just chuck all the family 's dirty laundry in together .
All you need is a product for “ sensitive skins ” to make sure it has no perfumes or additives that could irritate your baby 's skin .
Fisio Pure Natural Olive Washing Powder costs around £14.99 a box from ebay
Baby Timer
Because you think your baby wo n't let you know when she 's hungry or needs changing , right ?
If you want to get your baby into a good routine , nothing beats a good old-fashioned alarm clock , notepad and a pen .
There are also special apps you can get for your phone that will cost a fraction of the price of a baby timer and are much more portable .
The Motorola MBP161 Timer also features a two-way monitor and is currently available from Asda for £25 .
Moses Basket
This is feeding into every mother 's dream of a perfect nursery with a beautiful baby that never cries or makes a mess .
The reality is a Moses basket is used for such a short space of time , it 's really not worth the space it takes up or the money it costs .
And , however you look at it , you 're going to need a cot eventually so why not just invest in one straight away ?
This Sweet Dreams Moses Basket costs around £55 from John Lewis
Bucket-style baby baths
It 's billed as stress-free bathing for babies but really it 's just a glorified bucket .
The idea is your baby has a bath sitting upright in a ‘ womb-shaped ' tub rather than lying down in a bid to help them relax .
But most babies finding baths pretty calming in any case and they do n't really need a special bucket that will cost around £20 and only last them a matter of months .
You can pick up bath support foams you place in a regular bath for just over a fiver , which will last them for much longer .
This Tummy Tub costs around £20 and is available from Amazon
The Baby Show is coming to Birmingham NEC from May 19 to 21 , 2017 . Find out more here
• What did you waste money on when you were expecting ? Tell us in the comments below .
Alternatively join the conversation on our Brummie Mummies Facebook page
Las Vegas residents have the opportunity to take advantage of low-cost vaccines for cats and dogs at a northwest Las Vegas animal clinic .
PALNV Pet Support Center , located at 4155 N. Rancho Drive in suite 150 , will host multiple vaccine events throughout the month of June to encourage pet owners to keep their furry friends healthy , a media release said . The vaccine clinics will be held June 2nd , 16th , and 30th from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m. , with additional clinics to be held every other Saturday .
The low-cost vaccines include the 4-in-1 panel for cats at $ 15 and the 5-in-1 panel for dogs at $ 25 . Full package cat vaccines are $ 35 , full package dog vaccines are $ 40 , a mini package for cats is $ 25 and a mini package for dogs is $ 30 . The clinic is also offering individual vaccinations including , Leukemia ( FELV ) for $ 15 , Bordetella for $ 10 and Rabies for $ 10 , as well as Microchips for dogs or cats for $ 15 and de-worming for dogs or cats for $ 5 .
Pet owners should arrive early due to the expected high turnout . Visit www.palnv.org for more information .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Indianapolis 500 champion Will Power , of Australia , poses with the Borg-Warner Trophy during the traditional winners photo session on the start/finish line at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , Monday , May 28 , 2018 , in Indianapolis . Darron Cummings AP Photo
'There Is A Sense Of Blessing '
Q . How does it feel after your film ‘ Padmaavat ' has become a success ?
A . It is very different this time because I 've had film releases before . I 've had successful performances and successful films , performances that people have appreciated but somehow this time , it 's a completely different energy that I am feeling . Of course , people are appreciating the film and the performance and all of that but there is a sense of blessing ; a very spiritual experience that I feel this time .
' A Lot Of Characters That You Play Impact Your Life In A Powerful Way '
Q . How easy or difficult was it for you to leave behind a character like Padmavati which has taken such a lot from you personally and start afresh with a new character when you move on to your next ?
A . It 's easy because I have to do it . But at the same time , it is hard because and especially , characters like these which are so powerful and a performance which has literally come from my gut and I had said this six months ago when I was promoting the film that they do n't leave ... if you ask me to do a scene from ‘ Piku ' today or if you ask me to play Veronica again , I think it would very easily come back to me . I do n't think it would take me very long to get into that space again because a lot of these characters that you play impact your life in such a powerful way that they actually just do n't ever leave and this one is most definitely .
'Padmavati Was A Warrior In A Completely Different Way '
Q . You are a very opinionated person . We have seen you speak about issues that are close to your heart from time to time . But while playing Padmavati , there were certain things that are even now being talked about like how they had sought approval of their husband to commit the final act of ‘ Jauhar ' . So at that point in time , did your sensibility conflict with that of Padmavati or were you so much in character that you went with the flow ?
A . As an actor , you find meaning in what you do and for me , there is a reference for this character . Now whether it is true or untrue , historic or not historic , that 's a separate conversation but the fact that it is based on a poem and one could sort of envisage what they would be like , you also have to look at these situations in context to when these situations happened . That was the 12th or 13th century , Today would I take permission ? No . Would I take permission to go out with my girlfriends ? Most definitely not . ( laughs )
But in the film , in that particular scene , in that given situation and most importantly in that particular moment , it feels like the right thing . Because it 's beyond the words that are being said . It 's almost poetic in a sense . If you look at ‘ Jauhar ' in another way , for me it is their uniting with their husband who sacrificed their lives and died trying to save and protect the honour of their clan .
Now if I step away from it and look at just the act itself , it does n't make any sense to any of us . But if I put myself back into when I was shooting the film or as the character , it feels like the absolutely right thing to do because for them it was war in a very different way . They were a warrior in a completely different way . She 's not a warrior who went to the battle field and killed people in that sense or with a sword in their hand but they won a different kind of battle . In their mind , they still defeated Khilji because they went after that one thing and they still did n't get that one thing . It was their choice .
So yes , this sort of conversations , agreements , disagreements , views are very valid . I may agree with some while I may disagree with some . But it is important to view a film for the time that it was set in and view it in totality .
Q . You said that success is different for you so do you want to celebrate it in a different way or celebrate it usually like you do with the other films you 've been part of ?
A. I think that will come to me organically whether it should be different or not different . I 've never been one to plan these things too much and I did n't plan for the feeling of this film to be different . It just happened when people saw the film and I think the same will happen when we are ready to celebrate . I think It will happen in the way it should .
'Javed Saab Told Me That They Believe That Padmaavat Is My 'Mother India ' '
Q . What was the best compliment that you have received for your performance in the film ‘ Padmaavat ' ?
A. I think it 's the same one that I 've been saying . The first screening that we had was for Shabana ji and Javed sahab . Sanjay sir and I were waiting outside the screening room . After they finished watching the film , they came out and Javed sahab just looked me in the eye and said - `` When I think of Madhubala ji or Nargis Dutt ji , I think of at least one iconic film that they 've done in their entire careers . I think of ‘ Mughal-e-Azam ' , ‘ Mother India ' '' and they said that they believe that ‘ Padmaavat ' is my ‘ Mother India ' .
Q . Currently you are the undisputed queen of Bollywood with seven 100 crore films . After the era of Madhuri and Sridevi , we have finally seen the next female superstar . Any reason as to why has it taken so long ? Was there a lack of female oriented scripts or is it like things just have to come together ?
A . Because there is a time and place for everything .
' I Hope Padmaavat Will Open Doors For Such Big Budget Films To Be Made With Female Protagonists '
Q . How does it feel to be the actor who has not only bridged but overtaken the pay gap that has existed between male and female superstars ?
A . The pay is one thing . The understanding is that I had been paid a lot more than some of my male colleagues but I have never viewed it as wanting to be paid more than someone else . I think that has just been a by-product of wanting to get paid what I think I deserve to be paid . Based on my awareness of films and budgets , it 's a lot of factors that come into your success , films and track record . There are a lot of things that come into play when these things are being discussed .
So I think in wanting to fight for what I thought was right for myself , I think this is sort of a by-product of that . But what I see as an even bigger achievement is the budget that was approved for this film . ‘ Padmaavat ' being the most expensive Indian film ever with a female protagonist is what I view as an achievement , not for myself only but for the fact that I think this will now open doors for many more of this kind of films with this kind of budgets , not to say that , in the last couple of years , there have been quite a few films on female protagonists but not of this scale .
To be able to match the scale and the budget of some of my senior male colleagues , I view that as an achievement and I am hoping that this will now open doors for many more of such big budget films to be made .
' I Have Worked Very Hard To Get To Where I Am & To Achieve Whatever Little I Have Achieved '
Q . Do you think that ‘ Padmaavat ' is the best film in your career ?
A. I hope not because if this is the best then what 's next . Not to say that I am not enjoying the phase that I 'm in and not only am I grateful for everything that is coming my way but I 've also worked very hard to get to where I am and to achieve whatever little I have achieved . But at the same time , if you say that this is the best phase then I do n't know what next so I hope there 's a lot more in store is for me just in terms of what I 'm able to do as an actor and also as a human being .
' I Was Never Afraid '
Q . How scary were the times when the death threats were made and did it make you angry ?
A. I would n't say angry . I think I was disappointed because I feel like maybe it did n't go down in the way that it should have . I was disappointed for various reasons which now is not the right time to speak about that but never once was I afraid .
' I Respect The Fact That Swara Bhaskar Has An Opinion & I Am Nobody To Question The Fact That They Have An Opinion '
Q . Have you read Swara Bhaskar 's open letter and how did you take it from your perspective of feminism ? What was your reaction to it ? What are you on those lines ?
A. I have n't read the letter but I am aware of some of the comments that they have made based on my interaction with all of you and I think that whether I agree or disagree is irrelevant but I respect the fact that they have an opinion and I am nobody to question the fact that they have an opinion .
Whether I agree or disagree , I think it goes without saying that it 's important to view films in the context of the film itself . It 's important to view the film in the era that it was made . If you watched ‘ Troy ' or ‘ 300 ' or any of those films , I highly doubt that you would pick out one scene out of context and question that so it 's very important to view it in totality and in the period that the film is being true to .
On a lighter note , they were probably out buying popcorn and maybe just missed the disclaimer .
' I Was Willing To Put Padmaavat On Hold To Fight A Much Larger Cause '
Q . With the film being based on Rani Padmavati , you have been driving this film on your own . So was there also a huge sense of responsibility all the way while shooting the film and with all the protests that were going on , were you also feeling the heat ?
A . When I was shooting for the film , there were only two of the incidents which happened . I had told Sanjay sir at that point itself and considering what we just discussed about the fact that this in a way is a turning point in my career in terms of the budget , scale and now the success of the film , I was even then willing to put this on hold to fight a much larger cause and I said to them back then that something did n't feel right .
It 's not that people have n't had issues with earlier films . Shabana ji 's films have had issues in the past . But this to me right from the beginning just felt very different . It 's not the usual disappointment or protest or anger that people have felt before with certain films . This just felt different right from the beginning . But I think everyone did n't probably view it in the way that I did .
So , I guess everything that happened later which is in the last two or three months , let me just say , that I was n't surprised in the way that it all unfolded .
'There 's Nothing To Fear When You Know You Have Done Something Right '
Q . After all of this , have you come out to be as a stronger person ?
A. I honestly do n't know any other way of being . I will be the first person to apologize if I 've done something wrong . As a child and even today , I have never had any issues with acknowledging my weaknesses , with saying sorry if I know I 've done something wrong or with just being vulnerable or accepting if you 've made a mistake sometimes . But when you know you 've done something right , there is nothing to fear .
' I & Ranveer Never Try To Overshadow & Outdo Each Other While Performing In A Film '
Q . You and Ranveer have worked on three films together . All three of them have done really well at the box office . Recently , Ranveer had a chat session with fans on Twitter . When they were asked whether you both would be seen together on a next project to which they replied that you 're the best co-star to work with . What are your views ?
A. I have to agree . I think somewhere our idea of good actors and a good co-star is the same . In this film we do n't have even one scene together but when we have worked together earlier in the past , for both of us , it 's very important for the other person to be very honest and true to that moment .
I think he 's had a couple of experiences earlier where maybe they have worked with people who are not as giving and he 's an intelligent person so they see that . So , somewhere the fact that we both completely trust each other when we are performing , no one is trying to overshadow or outdo the other and we 're only trying to better each other 's performance , and they are a very special talent .
' I Ca n't Make A Sweeping Statement Saying , 'Those Are Not The Kind Of Films I Would Do ' '
Q . Now that you have reached this stage of your career where you are the face of a film playing the lead , where you do n't only bring much to the table as the actor but even more , would you be open to doing a masala multi-starrer film where the hero is the lead like a ‘ Housefull ' . So , would you be open going ahead or have you left that behind ?
A. I would n't generalize it and say that I think , a lot of the kind of films that I have been a part of earlier have all contributed to something that I have learnt along the way . I might feel differently today about certain films , not about the decision at that point but like you said , moving forward , I do n't know . I do n't think I can make a sweeping statement saying ‘ Those are not the kind of films I would do ' . Because in all honesty people viewed ‘ Chennai Express ' also as one of those masala films not realizing that it was a really solidly driven film . I think it really boils down to what state of mind I 'm in .
A lot of it is your state of mind at that point and something that I want to do today , I may not want to do tomorrow and vice versa . So , it depends on my state of mind at that point . The kind of energy I 'm feeling and what do I have to put into a film and if I can make a character special . Maybe I can be a part of one of those ensemble films and make the character really special so it really depends . I have never been the one to just say no to something without knowing what the film is . I will always make an informed decision . The only film I 'm doing right now is ‘ Sapna Didi ' as per the title in the book which will go on floors by early March .
MILWAUKEE — The Cardinals ' Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings in their return from Tommy John surgery , and Orlando Arcia hit a go-ahead single in a two-run seventh to lead the Milwaukee Brewers over St. Louis 3-2 on Wednesday .
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29 , 2016 , Reyes allowed three hits , struck out two and walked two .
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago , beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings . Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta .
Reyes , a 23-year-old right-hander , was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria , Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis . They struck out 44 in 23 innings .
Milwaukee , at 19-8 , set a team record for wins in May despite going 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position and stranding 12 runners .
Yelich hit into a run-scoring forceout to put Milwaukee ahead in the fifth , but the Cardinals took a 2-1 lead in the seventh against Jeremy Jeffress ( 5-0 ) on Harrison Bader 's fifth home run and Tommy Pham 's sacrifice fly .
Yelich drove Tyler Lyons ' first pitch of the seventh inning off the facing of the centre-field scoreboard , and Jesus Aguilar , Domingo Santana and Arcia singled off Sam Tuivailala ( 1-1 ) .
Alex Reyes , a 23-year-old rookie right-hander , was activated from the 60-day disabled list before the game . It was their first major-league appearance since Sept. 29 , 2016 . They worked out of bases-loaded jam in the second , scattered three hits , struck out two and walked two in four innings .
Brewers starter Junior Guerra allowed four hits in six scoreless innings . Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth , and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save in seven chances .
Dexter Fowler had three singles for the Cardinals .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Extra police officers wielding new powers are patrolling the streets of Birmingham city centre in a bid to clampdown on night-time violence involving gangs of youths .
Police officers patrolled in force on Friday night using new stop and search powers to tackle teenage thugs following four nights of violence .
The move follows a spate of incidents since Monday night , when a 17-year-old was stabbed in the leg and hands on Park Street , Digbeth .
Then on Tuesday three officers were assaulted as they dealt with a large group of youngsters fighting in Dale End , with reports of knives and hammers being used .
On Wednesday , crowds gathered and were dispersed by officers . Just after 6pm , there were reports of youths fighting in The Square .
And on Thursday there were reports of up to 80 youths in the area , with West Midlands Police saying there were small pockets of trouble . They were dispersed by officers .
Four youths have been arrested . This includes a 16-year-old , from Rednal , who has been charged with assaulting two officers , while the others have been released pending investigation .
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said extra police officers have been patrolling and there were no problems on Friday night .
They said : “ We did have extra officers in the city centre on Friday night to make use of the temporary search powers . The powers will be used on anyone officers suspect may be intent on causing trouble and people will notice an increased police presence in the area .
“ There were no problems on Friday night and no arrests made . We 're keeping the situation under review . ”
One of the officers attacked on Tuesday suffered swelling and bruising to their head and face , while the others were not injured .
Supt Ian Green , who oversees Birmingham city centre policing , said : “ We do n't use these powers lightly , but it 's completely unacceptable for youngsters to come into Birmingham city centre with weapons and assault police officers and cause alarm for people going about their business .
“ We 're liaising with community groups to get to the bottom of what lies behind this apparent increase in tension , with the aim of preventing any further trouble .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ Anyone who comes into the city centre with the intention of getting involved in trouble can expect to be swiftly dealt with by officers . ”
They said detectives were examining CCTV to identify culprits and carrying out extensive enquiries to identify those responsible .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Better `` protection '' is needed for local councils who come up against builders who deliberately defy planning regulations .
That is the argument that Cllr Ian Courts , Solihull Council 's cabinet member for managed growth , has made in their submission to the Government this month .
Writing to the Housing Secretary , Cllr Courts has emphasised the need to tackle those who choose to flout the law as part of an effort to `` restore credibility '' in the planning process .
They also called for `` beefed up '' protection for trees and other natural features and for greater consideration to be given to the space around dwellings .
The letter has been sent after the Government launched a country-wide consultation on proposed changes to the National Planning Policy Framework ( NPPF ) .
`` [ There is ] nothing new in this , '' said Cllr Courts , in reference to the points they made in their submission . `` It 's what I 've been bleating for years and will continue to do so . ''
The correspondence follows the managed growth decision-making session last month , during which councillors debated some of the main challenges facing the borough .
At the meeting , concerns were raised about planning applications in which a developer departed from the plans that had previously been approved by the council 's planning committee , resulting in buildings which , in some cases , were drastically different from those granted permission .
And frustrations were also aired about a separate issue , relating to the rising number of cases of developers electing to cut down trees ahead of lodging an application with the council .
Last week , Cllr Ken Hawkins ( Con , Blythe ) joined the chorus of objections to the practice , condemning the `` ecological destruction '' they had witnessed in their own ward and said they had been very angry to see trees , some of which are thought to have been over 100-years-old , hacked down .
They said the law should be looked at in order to put a stop to the practice .
The NPPF consultation came to an end earlier this month and the responses received will now feed into the next stage of the process .
2:01
What does ‘ home ' mean in Arroyo Grande ? AGHS grads ' play tells the story
1:48
Cal Poly grad 's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
1:09
By John Lee .
Soccer 's governing body FIFA has lifted its three-decade ban on Iraq hosting international football .
FIFA President Gianni Infantino is quoted as saying that this will allow international matches to be played in Erbil , Basra ( pictured ) and Karbala , where the security situation was considered to be “ stable “ , but not yet in Baghdad .
Iraq will host Qatar and Syria for a friendly tournament starting on March 21 in Basra .
( Sources : AFP , Reuters )
Western Wyoming Community College is looking for an
Instructor / Assistant Professor of Electrical & Instrumentation Technology .
Job Description
The primary responsibility of this individual is to provide instruction to WWCC students enrolled in Electrical and Instrumentation programs related to local industries . Candidates must have a strong background in electrical theory , instrumentation , and process control . This person must be able to relate to a wide variety of students , ranging from high school students with little background to those who have worked many years in industry . This individual 's responsibilities will include teaching basic to advanced courses related to electrical theory , instrumentation , and process control systems .
Classes are taught at the main campus in Rock Springs . Typical teaching load is 5-6 courses per semester with an average class size of 15-18 students . Courses are generally taught in 5-week blocks with two courses taught in each 5-week block . Teaching load ranges from 28-32 credits per academic year .
It is expected that this individual will accomplish assigned duties in an efficient , effective , and competent manner , while striving for improvement and excellence in all work performed . Additionally , this individual must understand the comprehensive role of the community college and cooperate and work harmoniously with college personnel and the public . This individual will follow all college policies , rules , regulations and guidelines as they relate to this position .
For a full list of job duties , see the full job description here .
.
.
Minimum Qualifications
The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge , skills and abilities required to satisfactorily perform the essential duties and responsibilities .
( Education , Experience , Knowledge , and Abilities )
Four Qualifying Options : Bachelor 's Degree in field or subfield OR Associate 's Degree in field or subfield and four ( 4 ) years of Discipline-Specific Training and Tested Experience , OR No degree in field or subfield , but has eight ( 8 ) years of Discipline-Specific Training and Tested Experience , OR Is certified at the highest level available within the industry that the faculty is teaching .
All faculty are required to – or will before beginning instruction – be current on any relevant professional certifications expected within their area of expertise . Faculty will hold all reasonable and relevant certifications as identified by the full-time faculty in the academic discipline .
Comprehensive knowledge of the concepts , technologies , principles , and practices of the oil and gas , mining , processing plant , or power plant industries .
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with students , colleagues , local industry , and administrators .
Ability to exercise sound judgment in all facets of the student-teacher relationship and to teach a diverse group of community college students .
Demonstrated effective verbal and written communication skills .
Evidence of continued professional development .
How to Apply
Visit full list of job duties at the WWCC job posting and Click “ Apply Now . ”
.
Paid Advertisement – This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above . We reserve the right to remove any comments . If you 'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this , call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message .
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The cousin of former Wolves midfielder Jamie O'Hara was one of 12 acid attack victims in a packed nightclub over the Easter weekend .
The footballer , 30 , posted a picture of their relative on Twitter with burn marks on their face .
Hundreds of revellers fled the terrifying scene after an “ unknown corrosive substance ” was sprayed at clubbers at a venue in east London , the Mirror reports .
O'Hara , who previously lived with then wife Danielle Lloyd in Sutton Coldfield , wrote : `` Sick that my cousin got burnt from this acid attack in Hackney , innocent people get injured for the sick act of violence , guy should get life . ''
Around 600 were at the late-night Easter Sunday party , hosted by dance music promoters LoveJuice in a converted laundry in Hackney .
Former Celebrity Big Brother contestant O'Hara later tweeted a photograph captioned : `` Blisters all over my cousins SadieWrightxx head from acid attack in hackney , what is wrong with world that innocent people have to get hurt ''
Police said an argument between two groups escalated when one side sprayed the “ unknown corrosive substance ” at the other .
Two victims were seriously injured , with another 10 caught up in the melee shortly before 1am .
Emergency services treated 10 patients for burns at the scene before taking them to hospital nearby . Two more arrived at hospital with similar injuries later on .
One witness , who asked not to be named , said : “ In the party in the basement there were girls making noise , I saw their friends ordering a bottle of water - they were putting it on them , they were splashing it on their faces .
“ It was like a war - the police were everywhere . ”
A spokesperson for London Fire Brigade said : “ The only information that we have is that it was an unknown corrosive substance thrown within the nightclub . It was identified by a PH paper test as a strong acidic substance . ”
A Met Police spokesperson said : “ Two of those injured - Victims 1 and 2 ; both men aged in their 20s - remain in a serious but stable condition . The others were treated for minor injuries .
“ Officers believe a dispute between two groups of people developed inside the venue , resulting in a noxious substance being sprayed by a male suspect directly at Victims 1 and 2 . Other people inside the venue suffered the effects of the substance .
“ The substance is yet to be identified , but it is believed to have been acidic . ”
The road around the Mangle club , in a basement underneath a restaurant , was closed off and other local businesses locked their doors to allow a hazardous area response team to work around the venue .
Police are still searching for the attacker but said there was nothing to suggest it was gang-related .
Most acute storage pain points , letdowns
Relentless data growth remains a top tech headache , but it 's not the only challenge storage pros face .
Credit : pheee
Things do n't always go as planned with new technologies . Two new research reports document the struggles , disappointments and false starts that challenge enterprise storage pros as they modernize their infrastructures for digital business .
451 Research asked enterprise IT pros to rank their most pressing storage pains . “ Data/capacity growth ” landed in the top spot , according to the firm 's research brief . “ Meeting disaster recovery requirements ” and “ high cost of storage ” ranked second and third , respectively , among survey respondents .
“ The core challenges in storage are shifting ; public cloud is beginning to assume the burden of inexorable data growth , and the emphasis is moving to other areas , such as effectively managing data and storage across both on- and off-premises locations , ” according to Simon Robinson , research vice president at 451 Research and authors of the report , Top three storage pain points for enterprise customers .
Compared to a year ago , a smaller percentage of respondents – 47 % in 2017 vs. 55 % in 2016 – found handling data/capacity growth to be the most painful challenge . Another issue that appears to be decreasing in intensity is the challenge of delivering adequate storage performance ; 29 % of respondents were pained by this challenge in 2016 , compared to 22 % in the latest survey .
At the same time , other enterprise storage issues are becoming more pressing . For example , 22 % of 2017 respondents cited growth from new applications as a top pain point , compared to 10 % a year earlier . Storage migrations were top of mind for 21 % of respondents , compared to 13 % in 2016 . Managing data stored in third-party cloud environments is another pain point that 's on the uptick , cited by 19 % of respondents .
“ Organizations are increasingly moving to hybrid cloud environments , bringing new providers into the mix ( chiefly public cloud providers ) . The core role of IT infrastructure managers is shifting away from adding capacity toward more effectively managing it , ” Robinson writes . “ Some storage managers are now charged with handling an organization 's cloud storage capabilities – which is often a steep learning curve , and one that incumbent vendors can help alleviate by adding more comprehensive cloud-based integration to their offerings . ”
451 Research polled just under 500 enterprise storage pros for its ranking of storage pain points . In a similar inquiry , storage vendor DataCore specifically asked about dashed expectations as part of a survey of IT pros ' experience with software-defined , hyperconverged and cloud storage .
“ What technology disappointments or false starts have you encountered in your storage infrastructure ? ” elicited three common letdowns . Most common was less-than-anticipated cost savings – in fact , 31 % said that cloud storage failed to yield cost savings . In addition , 29 % reported that object storage is difficult to manage . For some IT pros , flash did n't provide the performance gains they expected : 16 % said that flash storage systems failed to accelerate their applications .
1 2 Next Page
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy , it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry . But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone , consumers deci ...
Working in the media is never dull , and 2016 was no exception .
From the Lower Mainland 's crazy housing market to a daring waterfall rescue , from house flipping to B.C . 's fentanyl crisis , CTV Vancouver reporters were kept on their toes covering stories across the province .
We asked some of our reporters what their favourite stories of the year were , and this is what they picked .
Illegal safe injection site in DTES alley saving lives , volunteers say
Reporter : Michele Brunoro
“ The fentanyl story that showed the young man overdosing in an alley and the volunteers bringing them back to life was one of my top picks of the year . It was pretty raw to see , and had a lot of feedback on it . Not the biggest story - but certainly an important one . ”
Daring rescue : Woman saved after crashing SUV beside waterfall
Reporter : Scott Hurst
“ This is one of the most memorable stories that I worked on all year . Just the fact that the driver survived this frightening ordeal is incredible , not to mention the heroic effort by all first responders to rescue her . ”
House-flipping concerns as 368 Vancouver homes sold at least twice since 2014
Reporter : Mi-Jung Lee
“ I thought it was strange when the sold sign came down and a day later another for sale went up . I called the realtor and they said the new owner was flipping the house . That was early 2016 .
That for sale sign prompted several stories into just how common house flipping was during the height of the market . The angst over housing prices grew until the provincial government could n't ignore it anymore . Now with the market cooling , everyone 's wondering what 2017 will bring . Housing was definitely one of the most fascinating stories of 2016 . ”
Would you return found money ? The Vancouver honest test
Reporter : Ross McLaughlin
“ We dropped money to see how honest folks would be . They were honest when being watched- but when no one was around the story changed . ”
Building boom has crane industry nearing capacity
Reporter : Penny Daflos
“ I 've spent hundreds of hours in Chopper 9 in the past three years and this year I was really struck by how many cranes I saw sprouting from the skyline in so many communities . I did a bunch of research and found the industry was essentially at capacity in the spring , with all trained crane operators working full-time and more to try and meet demand . I wanted to see what the job is like , so I climbed a 200 foot crane to interview the operator at the top . It 's one of the craziest things I 've ever done , but gave me a real appreciation for the death-defying work they do . ”
Above the clouds : Nafeesa 's Snowbirds tour
Reporter : Nafeesa Karim
“ It 's probably the highlight of my career so far , being able to do something that so few civilians have been afforded the privilege to do . I am most proud of not vomiting . The pilot I flew with was also very special , being from Metro Vancouver and growing up watching the snowbirds , this was their first time in front of a hometown crowd at the Abbotsford airshow . ”
'All hell is going to break loose in Vancouver ' : Ex-trader 's real estate forecast
Reporter : Sarah MacDonald
“ My favourite news topic of 2016 was the collective coverage of Metro Vancouver 's housing market . It was journalism that exposed many of the loopholes and vulnerabilities in our real estate market—and ultimately journalism that inspired legislative change , both provincially and federally . ”
The Government should introduce a 1 per cent levy on corporation profits to generate a dedicated fund to finance higher education , the Teachers ' Union of Ireland ( TUI ) has urged .
In an address to the union 's annual conference in Cork , its general secretary John MacGabhann said there was a funding crisis in third-level education which needed to be addressed urgently .
They argued that the introduction of a student loan scheme which was favoured in the recent Cassells expert group report represented privatisation in education , rather than investment .
“ Adding to personal debt or creating a newly indebted generation by way of income contingent loans is neither financially nor socially appropriate . In any event , the income contingent loan scheme , conceived of a stallion by the Cassells expert group , has the cut of a gelding . It wo n't work .
“ We believe that third-level education , as part of the social contract , should be funded from Government revenues , that is from taxation – and the TUI has no wish to be coy when it comes to taxation . ”
‘ Too narrow '
Mr MacGabhann said the country 's tax base was currently too narrow and the tax-take insufficiently large .
They said to have the level and quality of services that the union demanded , “ we must unavoidably and in honesty conclude that additional taxation is required ” .
They said the TUI believed a 1 per cent levy should be applied to corporation profits to fund higher education and that in 2016 such a measure would have realised about €550 million .
“ Why , we may be asked , should corporate profits be levied in this manner . For the very simple reason that to do so is fair and , indeed , provides those corporations with an opportunity clearly to demonstrate what they claim to have but what is little in evidence , that is a commitment to the society in which they base their enterprise . ”
“ These corporations benefit hugely from having available to them a very deep pool of graduate talent in this country – supplied courtesy of the Irish taxpayer . ”
Mr MacGabhann also reiterated the union 's concern about proposed new legislation to establish technological universities . They said this would involve the merging of existing institutes of technology which they described as a “ policy of rationalisation ” .
Scale
They argued that a number of institutes were already of a scale that was greater than that reached by some institutions when they became universities in the past .
“ We hold that it should be open to an individual Institute of Technology , if it meets the criteria set out and has the requisite scale , to apply for designation as a technological university without being yoked by violence to another institute that is an unwilling partner in a forced marriage . ”
Mr MacGabhann urged delegates to insist that management in schools fully implement a deal reached last year to address casualisation in teaching .
They said they should insist to management that each and every teaching hour that arose was offered in the first instance to an existing qualified teacher who was working part-time hours .
“ Bear in mind that , in teaching terms , any additional hour secured by a member , represents a 4-5 per cent salary increase . That is almost €1,500 per annum per additional hour , That is not insignificant . That is worth fighting for . ”
Rising DMV rapper Yung Manny had the kids at the KYS Block Party going crazy with their performance . Manny talked with Shorty Da Prince & Angie Ange Live about what 's next for the rapper .
More # KYSBlockParty
Watch two ventriloquists swap voices .
Two ventriloquists posted a video where they have a conversation , but use each other as the dummy . One of them is a guy , and the other 's a woman . So it looks like they have a woman 's voice , and they have a man 's voice .
FC Hearts of Abuja are truly flying Nigeria 's flag high and proudly in faraway China after they massacred LNCM University of China 14-0 in their opening game of the 2017 Gothia Cup China yesterday with striker Hassan Lawrence banging in five goals .
Striker Francis Nwankwo netted a hat-trick with Ali ‘ Guti ' smashing a brace .
Hearts opened scoring after just three minutes .
The first half ended 4-0 , before the goals started really pouring in after the interval .
The Nigerian team are drawn in the U25 category and their next game will be against Cop of Colombia today .
They are also billed to take on Phar Rangers , Paga United ( Ghana ) , SJZU Overseas ( China )
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Iran and Israel traded blame on Sunday for an unprecedented , weeks-long surge in hostilities between their forces over Syria but played down prospects of a spillover into war .
A showdown between the arch-foes has loomed since Feb. 10 , when Israel said an armed Iranian drone launched from a Syrian base penetrated its territory . Israel downed the drone and , during a reprisal raid , lost an F-16 jet to Syrian ground fire .
On April 9 , an air strike killed seven Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps members at the Syrian base . Tehran blamed Israel and vowed unspecified retaliation , drawing Israeli counter-threats to broaden attacks on Iranian military assets in Syria .
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said in a US television interview that further Israeli sorties in Syria would have `` consequences '' . But they deemed major escalation as unlikely .
`` I do not believe that we are headed towards regional war but I do believe that unfortunately , Israel has continued its violations with international law , hoping to be able to do it with impunity because of the US support and trying to find smokescreens to hide behind , '' Zarif told CBS News .
`` The easiest answer would be to stop - to stop these acts of aggression , to stop these incursions . ''
Iran , Lebanon 's Hezbollah militia and Russia have been reinforcing Damascus against a 7-year-old Syrian rebellion . The Israelis worry that Iran 's garrison will remain , linking with Hezbollah to form a broad Syrian-Lebanese front against them .
Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman reiterated their government 's policy of preventing Iranian entrenchment in Syria .
`` No matter the price , we will not allow a noose to form around us , '' they told Israel Radio in an interview .
DETERRENCE
But asked if that meant war was imminent , they said : `` I hope not . I think that our primary role is prevented war , and that requires concrete , real deterrence as well as readiness to act . ''
Israel Katz , the Israeli intelligence minister , suggested world powers might intervene to curb Iranian activity in Syria .
Israel is `` not interested '' in escalation , Katz told the Ynet news site . But Israeli power-projection , they said , `` can challenge the Iranians , can clarify to the Russians , who seek stability , that it is worth it for them to apply their influence , and the same goes for the United States , for France and all the others '' .
The Syria face-off comes as the Trump administration mulls reimposing US economic sanctions against Tehran by May 12 , a move that could deal a blow to an international 2015 deal under which the Iranians capped their nuclear projects .
Zarif said Iran might respond to any unravelling of the deal by `` resuming at a much greater speed our nuclear activities '' .
Israel has savaged the deal and encouraged a US review , but Katz appeared to acknowledge the outcome could be costly .
`` The United States is changing policy . Israel is determined to prevent this ( Iranian nuclear ) red-line , a crossing of this red-line , '' they said . `` These are testing times for us . I hope that we wo n't pay prices . ''
CORAL SPRINGS , Fla. - Baby Dominic could n't wait . They were born in the middle of a street in Coral Springs Friday night . They weighed 7 pounds and 11 ounces .
Their proud dad , Ross Fallacaro , was grateful for the Coral Springs Fire Department firefighters who showed up to help their wife , Christina Fallacaro , a licensed midwife . They were expecting Dominique to be born on Valentine 's Day .
Dominic had other plans . Christina Fallacaro started having contractions . Ross Fallacaro was driving when they told them the baby was coming . They said they were forced to stop in the middle of a busy intersection .
The Fallacaro family was at the hospital and their 2-year-old daughter was looking forward to meeting their baby brother .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1 :
JAMES ' SHOT : James is n't ready to make any bold predictions about how great they might be in their eighth straight Finals .
There 's no doubt in their mind they will be ready when the ball tips .
`` The level that I can play at is to be seen , but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am , '' James said . `` So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself . But for me , I understand and I know how much I put into the game . So everything else is OK . ''
NO REST FOR THE WEARY : With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night , Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland they know so well .
`` In recent years we 've been kind of having a week off , at most , to prepare for the Finals . It 's almost a day to prepare this time , '' they said . `` So it definitely helps to know the opponent , knowing , obviously , everything stops and starts with LeBron , and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him , but also take other guys out of the game . ''
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston , so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue .
INJURY WOES : Both teams face significant injury concerns : Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in their left knee , while Love remains in the NBA 's concussion protocol with their status uncertain .
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST : James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever , and insists each side has earned this . James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball .
`` Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years , '' James said . `` If you want to see somebody else in the post-season then you 've got to beat 'em . ''
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Janie McCauley , The Associated Press
Viral video shows 8-year-old boy helping elderly woman up steps An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after they hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville , Ga . Courtesy of Riley Duncan ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after they hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville , Ga . Courtesy of Riley Duncan
JERUSALEM - For the past 20 years , Israelis and Palestinians alike have approached peace negotiations with the flawed assumption that , in order to reach an agreement , all core issues must be solved simultaneously . As the conflict continues to claim victims on both sides , it 's important to point out that when President Trump 's Middle East envoy , Jason Greenblatt , was looking for an early success in the new administration 's peace efforts , they found it - in water .
For Palestinian communities that suffer water shortages and require Israeli approval to increase pumping of shared natural water resources , an agreement to increase water sales from Israel to the Palestinian Authority by 50 percent annually will dramatically improve lives and livelihoods without creating water shortages on the Israeli side .
This work to mediate peace through Israeli-Palestinian water sharing should be commended and continued . To ensure that the United States does not undercut its own efforts , the Trump administration must reevaluate some of its Middle East policies from a water security perspective . For example , the draft Taylor Force Act , which prohibits American aid to the West Bank and Gaza , does not exempt water programs . How might cut to U.N . Relief and Works Agency for Palestinian Refugees ( UNRWA ) funding impact a water crisis in Gaza that is already severe ? Any further reduction in Palestinian access to water could destabilize the region .
The United States clearly recognizes the importance of international water security , having recently released its Global Water Strategy , which coordinates the work of 16 U.S. government agencies and private partners . The Israeli government recognizes water as a security issue as well , and that 's a potential game-changer in the context of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . For the Palestinian government , the priority is to increase water provision to meet basic needs , supporting economic growth as well as its aspirations for a state with the right to access and develop its own resources .
Israel is proud of its leading role in advancing technologies that can economically produce large quantities of drinking water from the salty Mediterranean . Today 70 percent of Israel 's drinking water is produced through desalinization and 85 percent of its wastewater is treated and reused to meet agricultural needs . Once-arid Israel no longer need to suffer water shortages . A logical next step , beyond water sales , would be to negotiate a fair allocation of the natural water resources that Israelis and Palestinians share , thus solving one of the core issues plaguing the peace process .
However , both sides have shortsightedly refused to negotiate over natural water reallocation , wanting any water deal to remain part of a negotiation on other final-status issues , like borders and refugees . Israeli politicians insist that a better water deal for the Palestinians must be matched by Palestinian compromises on refugees . Palestinian politicians argue that a fair water agreement would make the Israeli side look good , and say that they can not afford to allow the need for a water deal to relieve pressure to resolve other issues . Both sides contend that , without also agreeing on borders and settlements , they will not know which natural water resources belong to whom .
These arguments ring hollow and , for both sides , the costs of continuing to hold water hostage are simply too high . Water , like money , is fungible .
As long as all agree that negotiating over water rights involves cross-border waters ( the Coastal Aquifer lies beneath parts of Israel and all of Gaza , the Mountain Aquifer underlies Israel and the West Bank , and the Jordan River shares borders ) borders , settlements , refugees , and security arrangements are not issues that must be determined in advance of a water agreement .
The clock is ticking . Climate change , decreasing natural waters , and increasing pollution are all taking their toll . In the West Bank , some 60 million cubic meters of untreated sewage pollute the Mountain and Coastal Aquifers , streams and the Mediterranean Sea annually . In Gaza , the flood of untreated sewage is so great that groundwater is no longer potable , and most beaches in Gaza and some in neighboring Israel have been forced to close . Twice , Gaza 's sewage crisis has necessitated the shutdown of a nearby Israeli desalination plant , threatening the very technology that can ensure the region has enough water .
Lack of access to safe water and inadequate sanitation leads to the spread of preventable diseases , none of which recognize political borders , as untreated wastewater flows into cross-border streams and valleys , and the Jordan River . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has expressed concern about the risk of an epidemic of cholera , or another infectious disease , in Gaza , and argued for the provision of more quality water in order to avoid public health , environmental and national security threats to Israel .
The logic of leading peace through water diplomacy is further strengthened when one considers the broader instability of the region . Advancing regional water projects such as a master plan for the development of water and sanitation in the Jordan Valley , and an increased water trade that does not sacrifice water rights , present more opportunities to help stabilize the situation . Water scarcity was a causal element of the conflict in Syria and , now , with Syrian refugees flooding into neighboring Jordan , economic opportunities for both the refugees and the local population are paramount if we are to avoid further regional unrest . Water is required .
Clearly , the fair and efficient allocation of the region 's fresh water could unlock an important path to greater stability . Conversely , the sustainability of any Middle East peace agreement will be compromised if water resources are not allocated fairly and managed efficiently .
We urge the Trump administration to think outside the box and , in the interests of a more stable Middle East , to prioritize water projects . Israelis and Palestinians need a sustainable path to peace based on mutual respect and recognition . By advancing a policy that impacts every life , every day , we can restore hope in the possibility of peace , one glass at a time .
Portland , Ore. — During the cold weather , you often hear Eric G and me talk about frost-free hose bibs . This is the one on my house .
From the schematic diagram , you can see that the actual water shut-off valve is at the end of the copper pipe inside the house , where the air should never reach freezing temperatures . By itself , this faucet should withstand the coldest of nights . But , if you leave a hose connected , the faucet is liable to freeze and split . Unless you know your hose bib is frost-free , be sure to put an insulating bonnet on it .
Musgrave Doubles Up at Los Angeles Karting Championship Pro Show Fourth event of season welcomes first Saturday night special program at CalSpeed Karting Center
Billy Musgrave won the Pro Shifter and X175 categories at the first edition of the 2017 LAKC Pro Show ( Photo : lakc.org )
The Los Angeles Karting Championship hosted its first double-header weekend of the season on May 20-21 . Racers converged on the CalSpeed Karting Center in Fontana , California for the fourth round of the championship program , including the opening event of the LAKC Pro Show . The Saturday evening event welcomed the Pro Shifter and Pro IAME X175 divisions to compete for cash and prizes , setting up for an exciting Sunday that featured the remaining categories . The big winner during the first round of the Pro Show was Billy Musgrave , taking the victory in both categories with $ 2,500 in cash awarded in the shifter division . The remainder of the event completed on Sunday , with more great racing that was highlighted by a number of repeat winners .
The first of four LAKC Pro Show events took part Saturday evening following a day of practice in preparation for the fourth round of the LAKC championship chase . The Pro Shifter division welcomed 21 drivers , including the Italcorse America S1 Pro Stock Honda and Top Kart West S2 Semi-Pro Stock Honda divisions in addition to S3 , S4 and S4 Super Master competitors also taking part . Musgrave was the lone driver to dip below the 47-second mark in qualifying ( 46.951 ) . Kolton Griffin turned up the wick in the 10-lap Prefinal , working past Musgrave with fast laps of the race to secure the race win and the pole position for the Final . Griffin grabbed the holeshot and led the first two laps before Musgrave retook the position . From there , they led the remainder of the 20-lap event to score the victory . Matias Podboj worked past Griffin for second late in the race to round out the podium . Royal McKee was the top S2 driver in the field , placing fourth with Garrett McKelvie making up the top-five .
Nine drivers took part in the Pro X175 portion of the Saturday night event – the combination of Empire Karts X175 Pro / X175 Master classes . Henry Morse was quickest in qualifying ( 48.095 ) to clear the field by nearly two tenths of a second . Musgrave and Andrick Zeen joined the fight at the front in the 10-lap Prefinal , with Zeen earning the provisional win until they were found underweight . That gave the win to Musgrave with Morse earning the second spot . Morse got the jump on Musgrave at the drop of the green , leading the first four circuits of the 20-lap event . Musgrave took over the point , and led from there to the checkered flag to complete the double . Zeen fought their way through the field , working past Morse in the closing laps for runner-up spot . The third step of the podium was given to Chandler Campbell after Morse was removed following technical inspection . John Crow was the top Master driver , placing fourth overall . Musgrave now holds the point lead in the four-race shootout , with the IAME International Final ticket on the line for the driver to finish as the Pro Show series champion .
Carson Morgan earned their second feature win on the season in the Acceleration Kart Racing Mini Swift division . Morgan bested the 22-driver field , coming from mid-pack to secure the victory . Morgan was among the quick in qualifying , led by Aden Dodge ( 53.883 ) . The top-three – including Jonathon Portz and Round One winner Chance Gibson – were within 52 thousandths of a second . Morgan was fourth in the session , but was shuffled to the back of the field in the Prefinal , working up to 12th as Portz took the win . Morgan continued charging forward , needing just nine laps before reaching the top spot . They would lead the remainder of the 18-lap event for the victory . Cole made it a Morgan 1-2 for a second time this season . Portz ended up third on the podium with Gibson and Daniel Inzunza making up the top-five .
The Ryan Perry Motorsport X30 Junior Expert division welcomed its largest turnout on the season with 19 drivers , with a similar result as Joseph Daniele put themselves back on top of the podium . Daniele was only 10th after qualifying with Bryce Stevens posting the fast lap of the session ( 48.684 ) . In the Prefinal , Zoey Edenholm took the race win with Daniele up to fourth after 10 laps . Edenholm led the first seven laps before Daniele took over the position , going on to the checkered flag for their third victory of the season . Stevens made it a close second , working past Edenholm for the position . Dakota Tate and Trey Brown finished fourth and fifth . Cash Baxley became a first time winner in the Baldozier Racing X30 Junior Novice class . Bentely Adams was the top qualifier and Prefinal winner , retiring early in the main event to allow Baxley a clean path to the checkered flag . Noelle Cardiel and Justice Calabro made up the podium .
Four rounds , four different drivers taking the victory in the 2 Wild Karting X30 Pro category . Nicky Hays swept the event , leading from qualifying to the final checkered flag with a five-second advantage to close out the day . Worawong Komarakul won the battle for second ahead of Calder McWhinney . Colby Dubato and Ethan Barrett made up the top-five .
For three rounds straight , Keawn Tandon had dominated the Musgrave Racing Company S3 Novice Stock Honda division . Tandon swept the weekend over the 15-driver field , earning near seven-second victory over Prescott Campbell . Kent Hatada took the last step on the podium with John Nielsen and Evan Jonker finishing fourth and fifth . Kalvin Chen continued their streak in the PKS Kart Supplies S4 Super Master Stock Honda class , making it four straight in 2017 . Chen dominated the day , sweeping all sessions en route to a 23-second margin of victory in the main event . Jonathan Allen and Sean Bond joined them on the podium with Larry Hayashigawa in fourth and Ken Manning placing fifth .
It is now three straight for Logan Toke in the Tru Tech Racing Engines Micro Swift division . Toke was second in qualifying to Enzo Deligny , leading all 10 laps of the Prefinal . The field made it a battle in the Final with Austin Manka and AJ Zarcone in the mix . Toke ran third for much of the main event until moving back into the lead on lap 13 . Manka took back the spot a lap later , until Toke took the position back on the final circuit , crossing the line first by a mere 73 thousandths of a second . Deligny was just one thousandth off Manka for third , making it a great finish for the top-three . Dane Idelson worked up into fourth with Parker Delong placing fifth , earning fast lap of the race , pushing Manka back to sixth .
Eric Slivkoff continued the momentum from their victory last month to earn a sweep in the Motorsport Development Group X30 Intermediate division . Slivkoff led from qualifying to the final checkered flag to earn their second straight victory of the season . Brenden Delorto and Andrew Hidalgo joined them on the podium with Brendon Cramer and Rondie Latham Jr. placing fourth and fifth .
The win total is now three for Henry Morse in the Mack Motorsports 206 Senior class . Round three winner Matt Johnson was top qualifier and Prefinal winner . Three different drivers led during the 15-lap event , until Morse came from their fourth-place starting position . Taking the lead on lap nine , Morse showed the way to the checkered flag for the victory , besting Jake Hood and Matt Johnson . Zachary Jo and Al Simpson completed the top-five . The iKart West Briggs 206 Masters class welcomed its biggest field of the season . Veteran racer John Crow dominated the day , sweeping the category and ending with a 16-second advantage at the checkered flag . Chuck Sanford was second with Kevin Ferrara in third .
Other winners on the day include :
Vivek Tandon : TM Racing USA 125 Open
Gianfranco Casadei : Nash Motorsportz S4 Master Stock Honda
Nick De Graff : Mike Manning Karting X30 Master
Ian Bland : Baldozier Racing X30 Novice
Carson Morgan : Fleming Racing Engines Junior 1 Comer
Neville Schroeder : Sanner Racing Junior 1 Comer Novice
John Antonino : Formula Works Honda Kid Kart Expert
Asher Horne : Formula Works Honda Kid Kart Novice
The Los Angeles Karting Championship returns to action on June 17-18 at the CalSpeed facility . The weekend will be the second round for the LAKC Pro Show held Saturday evening during the race weekend . S1/S2 Stock Honda along with X175 Pro and Master classes will compete during the twilight hours of the day . Cash prizes are on the line for the Stock Honda division with a trip to the IAME International Final in Le Mans , France this October .
LAKC recently announced the addition of the ‘ pushback ' bumper system is to be required for the X30 Pro , X30 Junior Expert , and X30 Junior Novice for the upcoming event . In addition , all rolling starts will be implementing a new procedure , so driver 's meeting attendance will be a must to understand .
More details regarding the Pro Show program can be found at the Los Angeles Karting Championship website – LAKC.org . Be sure to ‘ Like ' them on Facebook and follow-on Instagram .
Sophie Choudry Tweeted Against Saroj Khan 's Disgusting Statements !
`` WTH ? ! ! ! ! So much respect for Saroj-ji as a choreographer but this is how they use their position to protect girls ? ! ! ! If I did n't come from a financially sound background I would have returned to London within a month of being in mumbai cos of `` industry folk '' who think like that ! ! ''
Saroj Khan 's ILLOGICAL statement on Casting couch ; Watch video | FilmiBeat
Nobody Wants To Sleep Around For Work
`` Ca n't begin to think what thousands of girls go through in the hope that their `` dreams '' will come true ! Nobody wants to sleep with someone for work . But they are made to feel it 's the only way & `` acceptable '' . And for those who do n't , it 's a tough road ! This has to stop ! # TimesUp , '' Sophie Choudry summed it up .
No Respect To Saroj Khan Says Sri Reddy
`` I lost respect for you Saroj ma'am . Being an elder you should give a good path to young actores . It is giving a wrong indication that you have to be a slave to producers , '' said Telugu actor Sri Reddy .
Sri Reddy 's Ordeal
Telugu actor Sri Reddy took on the casting couch by stripping on the streets and sent a strong message to the sexual predators who demand favours from actores .
Saroj Khan Apologises , But There 's No Value !
Saroj Khan apologised for their statements for defending the casting couch and their apology was just a simple , `` I apologise for my statement . '' We wonder did they really mean that she 's sorry or said it just for the heck of it .
SWEETWATER COUNTY — Additional Idaho charges have been filed in the case of the three robbery suspects arrested in Rock Springs October 3 , Sheriff Mike Lowell said on Friday .
Amber Spradling , 19 , is now charged in Twin Falls , Idaho , with Robbery and Conspiracy to Commit Robbery . Cameron Courtright , 30 , now also faces Idaho charges of Robbery , Conspiracy to Commit Robbery , and Burglary . Colton Jeffress has already been charged in Idaho with Robbery and Parole Violation .
The three were arrested by county deputies and detectives near Wal-Mart in Rock Springs on Tuesday afternoon after Twin Falls , Idaho , authorities tracked them to this area .
A Kimber Pro Carry II semiautomatic pistol , used in the robbery and stolen from the victim , was recovered from the suspects ' vehicle .
Spradling has already been returned to Twin Falls ; Courtright and Jeffress remain in custody at the Sweetwater County Detention Center .
The Idaho charges stem from a home invasion in Twin Falls Idaho . A news report on the case by KMTV News in Idaho .
CTV Vancouver
A Burnaby man was hit in the face with pepper spray Sunday night after they say three intruders invaded their family home .
The resident , who asked to only be identified as Pav , said they were watching a movie with their sister-in-law on Easter Sunday around 10:45 p.m. when three people dressed in hoodies kicked in the front door . One masked suspect ran upstairs , they said .
Pav told CTV News they ran at the suspect to confront him , and was hit in the face with pepper spray .
As Pav lay on the living room floor , the suspects then moved through the house quietly for the next five minutes apparently looking for items to steal .
Their sister-in-law Mandeep ran out of the back of the home , called 911 , and hid in the yard until police arrived . Their grandparents were on the first floor of the home while the men were inside .
The three suspects ran out of the front door , and were caught on a surveillance camera mounted outside the home .
Pav told CTV News they had no idea why the men targeted their home , and they believe their family was mistakenly hit .
They say they regret confronting the man in their home , and says they wish they would have run away .
Firefighters treated the young man outside the home , trying to wash the irritant out of their eyes .
Burnaby RCMP has not yet publicly commented on the incident .
Shwetha Menon
Popular actor Shwetha Menon is one among the most popular contestants in the first season of Bigg Boss Malayalam . According to the sources , Shwetha Menon has a remuneration of 1 Lakh per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam .
Ranjini Haridas
Popular anchor Ranjini Haridas is also a part of the Bigg Boss show . In the report , it has been mentioned that the popular celebrity is said to be receiving Rs 80,000 per day for participating in Bigg Boss Malayalam .
Anoop Chandran
Anoop Chandran , who is much popular character artist in films , is yet another notable celebrity in Bigg Boss Malayalam . Reportedly , the sources have said that the actor is receiving Rs 71,000 per day for the show .
Pearle Maaney
Pearle Maaney , who is an anchor , VJ and actor , is next in the list . According to the report , Pearle Maaney draws a salary of Rs 50,000 per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam .
Archana Suseelan
Archana Suseelan is a well-known television artist , who has been part of some popular serials . The report adds that according to the sources , the cine actor , who is a part of Bigg Boss draws a salary of Rs 30,000 per day .
Hima Sankar
Hima Sankar , who is a theatre personality and a film actor is also one among the contestants in the show . According to the report , the actor receives Rs 20,000 per day .
Heroin overdoses up 42 percent in Will County during 2016
hello
NAPERVILLE , Ill. -- The coroner in Will County in northern Illinois says heroin overdose deaths in their jurisdiction were up more than 40 percent in 2016 over 2015 .
Coroner Patrick O'Neil tells The Naperville Sun that as of Friday Will County had 75 heroin or fentanyl deaths . Fentanyl is more lethal heroin substitute . That number is 42 percent higher than the previous record of 53 reported during 2012 and 2015 .
O'Neil said they ca n't predict what 2017 will bring but says they will continue to speak out about the overdose deaths . They say reporting it as a public health issue lets coroners get the message out about the dangers of heroin and other opioids . They say coroners report `` how dangerous and how deadly this stuff is , and how serious a problem it is . ''
___
Information from : Naperville Sun , http : //napervillesun.chicagotribune.com/
The lower the loan-to-value ratio , the better — but there are options for first-time buyers
In the simplest terms , the loan-to-value ratio ( or LTV ) is the percentage of a home 's purchase price that is covered by loans .
If a buyer is coming up with a 20 percent down payment and the rest is to be covered by a purchase mortgage , the loan-to-value ratio is 80 percent . Obviously , the lower the loan-to-value ratio , the more satisfied the lender is , because the buyer has more of their or their money in the deal and is less likely to walk away if troubles arise .
You probably do n't need a calculator to realize that a 20 percent down payment is a huge sum of money — especially for most first-time buyers — when home prices are well into six digits .
How do most new buyers come up with , say , $ 120,000 ( plus closing costs ) to purchase a $ 600,000 home ? ( Indeed , most people can only come up with a sum that substantial from the proceeds of the sale of their prior home . )
However , there are loans available with higher loan-to-value ratios — 90 percent , 95 percent , 97 percent , even 100 percent . These allow the homebuyers , who are capable of making payments but have no way of coming up with a huge down payment , to purchase their first home .
So if you are one of many people who have thought they could n't own a home because they ca n't get together a large down payment , think again ! There are now a variety of home loans available with very small down payments required .
And lenders have never been more eager to lend to qualified borrowers . The interest rates are unbelievable ! In just the past several months , loan availability and interest rates have become too good to pass up — another reason that makes now a smart time to buy !
— Paul Suding , a real estate agent with Cool Santa Barbara Homes and Village Properties , is president of the Santa Barbara Association of Realtors . They can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or 805.455.8055 .
THE beers at Paddington 's iconic Four in Hand Hotel will continue to flow after people power stopped the famous pub 's mooted residential conversion .
The hotel is set to remain trading — to the joyous shouts of the locals — who had campaigned against its sale and conversion into a luxury residence .
The saviour emerged yesterday afternoon in the Good Beer Company , headed by George Azar and run by their nephew John , who paid $ 7 million for the premises .
“ It would be a shame to lose it , ” John said . “ It 's a great pub . ”
They said they were keen to introduce more craft beers behind the heritage bar .
The hoteliers own two other pubs in the east , Randwick 's The Dog Hotel and the Keg & Brew in Surry Hills .
The listing of the landmark Sutherland St building triggered protests against the possibility of its conversion into a residence — or even worse — apartments .
Locals campaigned that the uniqueness of Paddington would be lost if such icons were sold off .
Woollahra Council then stepped in with its heritage protection of the pub 's facade .
The Four in Hand was offloaded by the hotelier brothers Mitchell and Ashton Waugh , who bought it in 2015 for $ 8 million , with the celebrity chef Colin Fassnidge soon after departing the 1870s establishment .
The Waugh brothers moved the valuable pokies licence to other venues and were initially seeking to sell the property as a residential block .
RELATED NEWS :
Sydney 's best pubs : More hotels close as developers move in
Yappy hour : Hotels offer beer and puppacinos
NSW 's most violent pubs : Ivy , Sydney Junction Hotel , Munich Brau Haus
Paddington has lost other pubs including the Windsor Castle , which became an $ 11.85 million four-level house .
The local resident lobby group amassed more than 12,000 signatures urging that the Four in Hand remain as a hotel .
Some of the big names who campaigned included House Husbands star Rhys Muldoon , Prime Media executive John Hartigan , local solicitor Nick Eddy and the former The Daily Telegraph and New York Post editor Col Allan .
“ Quite clearly there are hospitality properties out there which enjoy alternative use opportunities ; however , in my view some are simply either too iconic or important to the fabric of a community to make wholesale changes to , and I think this is true of the Four in Hand , ” listing agent Andrew Jolliffe said .
Mr Jolliffe said it was “ incumbent ” upon the vocal Paddington community to back up the fervour shown over recent weeks with a show of patronage .
MORE NEWS :
Ferguson flies the coop
Suspected human remains found in Bondi
Dutch arrest over 200kg ecstasy plot
Time is a circle for Eagles fans on Monday who are slowly coming to accept some familiar-sounding news : Eagles starting quarterback Nick Foles .
So , other than the obvious final step of an unfortunate injury to Carson Wentz , how did Foles time travel back to 2014 and the last time they were the Eagles starter ?
Foles , after getting a single start for the Chiefs last season , was re-signed by the Eagles in March . More on their journey back to Philadelphia , from the team 's official announcement at the time of the return of their 2012 NFL draft pick :
In 2014 , Foles and the Eagles started 6-2 before suffered a broken collarbone in a win over the Texans , ending their season and first stint with the team . Following the year , Foles was dealt to St. Louis as part of the package to bring Sam Bradford to Philadelphia . Foles struggled as the Rams ' starting quarterback , and was benched midseason . The Rams used the No . 1 overall pick in the 2016 NFL Draft on Jared Goff signaling that Foles was not a critical part of the team 's future plans . Foles was released on the eve of Training Camp , and went to Kansas City to rejoin head coach Andy Reid . Foles served as the backup to Alex Smith . In three games ( one start ) with the Chiefs , Foles was 36-of-55 for 410 yards with three touchdowns and no interceptions , and a 105.9 passer rating .
When Foles was benched in St. Louis , it was only three months after they had been given a two-year contract extension . Jeff Fisher , when announcing that they were being removed as a starter in favor of Case Keenum after two straight losses , said that Foles “ just needs a break . ”
“ The lack of production is not Nick 's fault , ” Fisher said at a news conference . “ The lack of production is a collective offensive effort . It needs more production and it starts with that position . ”
At one point , they said earlier this year ( via CBS Sports ) , they considered retiring from the league — though they do n't say when .
“ A lot of people do n't know this — I 'm going to share this right now , because I think it 's important , ” said the quarterback . “ After my time with a certain NFL team , I wanted to retire . This was a year ago . I wanted to retire from the NFL , and I really struggled . I could n't pick up a football for about eight months . I had no love for the game , and it was tough . ”
But , they did n't . And now , he 's back as the Eagles starter ( though under unfortunate circumstances . )
# 11 is the man . Pure and simple . They will be missed and we will support our brother ! ! But I believe in Nick . Played with them in StL . Also saw them have an historic year in Philly . Everyone 's just got ta take it up a notch ! ! ! 🦅🦅🦅 — Chris Long ( @ JOEL9ONE ) December 11 , 2017
From NJ.com :
Since Hurricane Maria , people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity , clean drinking water , or food . Many are still staying in shelters ; some are living in the ruins of their homes . The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted .
But all is not lost .
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived :
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog .
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena .
Last Sunday , a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza , a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore . The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane , but they did n't let that stop them from parading through the streets , playing hand drums and singing plenas .
`` It 's very , very Puerto Rican , '' says Emanuel Santana , a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua . `` Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos , you can have them come down in tears in a time like this . Of course , there 's no electricity to even hear music . You have no MP3s right now . So we 're back to basics . ''
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk , stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators . Along the way , they attracted followers who sang along .
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as `` Tito '' Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce , and one of Puerto Rico 's best known pleneros . They drum and sings plenas about the love they have for the island .
`` Love Mother Earth , respect of nature , you know , environment , '' they say , with their three-year-old son at their side . `` Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster , bigger and stronger than ever , and that 's because of us . ''
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua . He 's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri , David Sanchez and Ricky Martin . They also own a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta . The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane . After the storm , it was vandalized .
`` I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff , '' they say . `` But look at my face : we are happy . I mean , we are alive . All my family members are fine and well . And we can rebuild . ''
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm , Matos says they and their pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music .
`` We 're all on standby , '' says Missy Adamus , a chef at La Junta . They say they are trying to rebuild the restaurant , their homes , their lives . But at least they still have their music .
`` Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza , '' they say .
Plenas are sometimes known as `` singing newspapers , '' giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day . The headline of this week 's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria .
Winding through the streets of Loiza , they sing about resilience : `` Our plena , our song , our music , is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Temperatures in Solihull are set to plummet as low at -6C overnight tonight ( December 11 ) .
The forecasts say there will be widespread and severe frost as a result of clear skies and low wind .
The Met Office has put a yellow weather warning for ice in place as a result .
The warning from the Met Office said : `` Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning .
`` There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads , pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls . ''
Light snow is expected to fall on the region throughout Monday as the wintry weather continues .
The Met Office warning for ice will remain in place until 11am on Tuesday .
Rain is expected to fall overnight on Tuesday .
Temperatures will raise to highs of 3C by Wednesday although snow is also forecast to fall at several points through the day .
Keep checking back for the latest forecast .
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time .
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat : a 106-year-old cake , found in one of Antarctica 's first buildings .
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott . According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust , `` it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with them at that time . ''
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin , which is showing signs of deterioration . However , the cake itself is `` well-preserved , '' the conservators say .
`` There was a very , very slight rancid butter smell to it , but other than that , the cake looked and smelled edible ! '' the Trust 's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement . `` There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation . ''
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare .
According to the Trust , the first buildings on the continent `` were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink 's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott 's party in 1911 . '' Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert .
They add that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake : `` It 's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions , and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice . ''
The cake 's sheer density probably helps . As NPR 's Maria Godoy has reported , people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you 're involved in manhauling , which is `` pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies . ''
Maria writes that there 's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years : `` When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements , bring plenty of snacks . ''
This is something Scott 's team knew — in fact , Maria says that `` his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb , high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes . ''
But tragically , explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry . Scott themselves starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole .
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there , because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area . That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves .
A Las Vegas group is helping those less fortunate take care of their pets . Street Dogz focuses on helping dogs and cats , but volunteers also help their human owners find jobs and housing .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett felt splashing out millions of pounds in the January transfer window would have been a wrong move by Derby County .
The Rams brought in striker Cameron Jerome from Norwich City and attacking midfielder Kasey Palmer from Chelsea .
Jerome arrived in a £1.5m deal that could rise to £2m with add ons .
Palmer is on loan until the end of the season .
Rowett said they are `` pleased '' with the club 's business during the window .
`` The window is always the same unless you are just prepared to pay whatever it takes every deal - and you ca n't do that , economics suggest you ca n't do that , '' said Rowett .
Asked if they would like to have done more business , Rowett added : `` I think every manager in the Football League would like to have done more business , that is just the nature of it .
`` If you go through our squad , we have probably got at least two players for every position . We have got great experience and slightly different options in different positions . I am really pleased with that .
`` If I could have signed a top Premier League player as well , then I would have done but did we want to spend between £10 and £15m ? Probably not in this window . I think it would have been wrong to do that . ''
Drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino Monday , Oct. 2 , 2017 , on the Las Vegas Strip following a deadly shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas . ( AP Photo/John Locher )
Las Vegas Metro Police Undersheriff Kevin McMahill called the Mandalay Bay security guard , who was shot by the Las Vegas Strip suspect , a true hero during a press conference on Friday .
McMahill said , `` I do n't think we 've done a good enough job of recognizing them and their actions and for that , I apologize . ''
Jesus Campos , a security guard at the property , was sent to the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay to investigate a door alarm , or open door on the floor . When they arrived they were shot in the leg by the suspect . Campos turned around and notified dispatch .
McMahill said Campos provided critical information on the location of the suspect . Campos also told responding officers where the suspect was when they arrived .
`` This was a remarkable effort by a brave and remarkable man , '' McMahill said . Adding , Campos is an `` absolute hero . ''
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Russia 's campaign to extradite Vladimir Putin 's arch foe Bill Browder suffered a setback on Wednesday after police in Spain first detained the US-born financier and then released him .
Mr Browder , who was in Madrid to testify to Spanish prosecutors about a corruption case allegedly involving Russian officials , tweeted from a police car early on Wednesday that they had been arrested under a Russian Interpol warrant .
However , Spanish police released them from custody after one hour , saying the Interpol warrant was no longer valid .
Mr Browder , whose Hermitage Capital Management Fund was once one of the biggest portfolio investors in Russia , has become a fierce critic of the Kremlin since being barred from entering the country in 2005 .
They have campaigned internationally for sanctions – including visa bans and asset freezes – against Russian officials accused of corruption and human rights abuses .
Fraud and tax evasion
The sanctions are named after the late Sergei Magnitsky , a Hermitage Capital lawyer , who uncovered evidence that Russian officials were involved in a complex fraud and tax evasion scheme using assets stolen from the hedge fund . When Mr Magnitsky sued the Russian state for the alleged fraud in 2008 they were arrested and held in a Moscow jail where they developed a severe illness . They died the following year after their jailers denied them urgently needed medical treatment .
Russia has denied involvement in the Hermitage Capital fraud and instead accused Mr Browder and Mr Magnitsky of creating a firm for tax evasion purposes ..
A Moscow court found Mr Browder guilty in absentia of fraud and tax evasion in 2013 at the same trial where the deceased Mr Magnitsky faced charges and sentenced them to nine years in jail . Their lawyers have appealed against the verdict saying the case was politically motivated .
Moscow has repeatedly tried to use Interpol to arrest Mr Browder and extradite them to Russia to face jail . Their name was placed on an Interpol wanted list last year at Russia 's behest in 2013 , but swiftly removed after being deemed “ predominantly political in nature ” by the the international criminal police organisation .
Spanish prosecutors
Mr Browder was in Madrid on Wednesday to give evidence to Spanish prosecutors about money from the Magnitsky case allegedly funneled to Spain by corrupt Russian officials .
Explaining the muddle surrounding Mr Browder 's brief detention , Spanish police told the Agence France Presse news agency that Interpol had not deleted their name from computer files .
However , Mr Browder indicated that Russia had issued a new arrest warrant against him .
“ Spanish national police just released me after Interpol general secretary in Lyon advised them not to honour the new Russian Interpol red notice , ” they tweeted on Wednesday . “ This is the sixth time that Russia has abused Interpol in my case . ”
Mr Browder , who was born in the US but is now a British citizen , left Spain on Wednesday for Britain . British foreign secretary Boris Johnson welcomed their release . “ Moscow should concentrate on bringing those responsible for the murder of Magnitsky to justice , ” they tweeted .
by
Do you need legal advice about Bankruptcy or Consumer Debt ? If so , contact Mid-Shore Pro Bono 's Debtor Assistance Project .
The Debtor Assistance Project ( “ DAP ” ) is a clinic , originally located at the U.S. Courthouses in Maryland , which provides debtors with an opportunity to meet with a bankruptcy attorney for a free half-hour consultation . The DAP is designed to help individuals without an attorney to answer legal questions about bankruptcy and general consumer debt issues . The DAP can not provide an attorney to complete your paperwork for you or represent you .
Call 410-690-8128 to schedule your appointment .
Locations :
Queen Anne 's County District Courthouse , TUESDAY , FEBRUARY 21 , 2017
Mid-Shore Pro Bono Office , 8 S. West Street , Easton , WEDNESDAY , FEBRUARY 22 , 2017
How to Schedule an Appointment ?
Contact the Mid-Shore Pro Bono at info @ midshoreprobono.org , or 410-690-8128 to pre-schedule your DAP appointment .
Do I Need to Arrive in Early ? Yes , please arrive at least 15 minutes prior to your appointment time to complete the DAP 's intake form .
What do I need to Prepare/Bring with Me ? If you have already filed for bankruptcy , please bring your case number and copies of any documents you wish to ask questions about .
The DAP can only provide you with a brief half-hour consultation with a bankruptcy attorney . If you need assistance beyond that period , you should contact an attorney .
The DAP is the result of collaboration between the U.S. Bankruptcy Court , the Maryland State Bar Association Consumer Bankruptcy Section , the Bankruptcy Bar Association of Maryland , the Standing Chapter 13 Trustees , Civil Justice , Inc. , Community Legal Services of Prince George 's County , the Montgomery County Pro Bono Program , the Maryland Volunteer Lawyer Service , Mid-Shore Pro Bono , and the Pro Bono Resource Center of Maryland . For more information , visit www.midshoreprobono.org .
BROOKSVILLE — The final concert of the 2017 Summer Concert Series at the Brooksville United Methodist church will be held on Tuesday , Aug. 15 , at 7 p.m. , featuring Archipelago , an acoustic quartet .
Performing a variety of original and traditional music featuring strong vocal harmony and original material strongly influenced by the sea and coastal living , the group 's music captures life in Maine .
The group features Frank Gotwals on guitar and vocals , Cindy Coombs on vocals and percussion , Geoff Warner on guitar , fiddle and vocals and Dave Quimby on acoustic bass .
There is no admission fee . Donations for the continuation of outreach programs at the church and for the Tree of Life food Pantry are appreciated .
A reception to meet the performers will be held after the concert .
For more information , call 469-7850 .
SAN DIEGO — The legalization of California 's marijuana industry and start of Girl Scout cookie sales have created an opportune moment for at least one San Diego girl .
A photo posted on Instagram by Urbn Leaf , a San Diego marijuana dispensary , showed a Girl Scout with an armful of cookies in front of the store .
`` Get some Girl Scout Cookies with your GSC today until 4 p.m. ! Have a friend that wants to # tagalong ? Bring them with - shopping is more fun with friends anyways , '' the company wrote . `` GSC '' refers to a marijuana product flavored like Girl Scout Cookies .
The scout 's father said their daughter sold more than 300 boxes in about 6 hours .
Girl Scouts San Diego says booth sales do not start for another week , but that scouts are allowed to sell from wagons as long as they have a parent or guardian present .
`` So if that 's what they say they were doing ... then they were right within the rules , '' said the Scout 's father said .
The controversial move of Girl Scout cookie sales at dispensaries has come with changing times around the country .
Girl Scouts of America Colorado was prompted to issue a statement in 2014 after a scout reportedly sold more than 100 boxes of cookies in two hours outside a San Francisco dispensary .
`` If you are wondering , we do n't allow our Girl Scouts to sell cookies in front of marijuana shops or liquor stores/bars , '' the organization 's Colorado branch tweeted .
However , Kelly Parisi , chief communications officer from Girl Scouts of the USA , told the LA Times that each region makes `` all decisions on how the cookie program is run . As always , our primary concern is the safety and well-being of the girls we serve . ''
Girl Scouts across the U.S. began selling cookies last month and will continue to until April .
/ Front page / News
A WOMAN who was allegedly raped three times by church pastor Jone Cokanauto told the High Court in Suva yesterday that the leader of Jezreel Lion of Judah Church preached about sexual intercourse to their church openly .
High Court judge Justice Salesi Temo yesterday conversed with the 28-year-old woman in the iTaukei language to fully understand what they were trying to relate in court . Justice Temo then translated to the assessors in English what the woman said .
The woman said that Mr Cokanauto used parables from the Bible which illustrated a message to the church members that they were Jesus .
They said Mr Cokanauto 's sermons depicted that the only way one could be cleansed from immorality was to have sexual intercourse with him .
The witness claimed that they believed in the teachings and it was through their belief in such sermons that they were impregnated by Mr Cokanauto twice .
Mr Cokanauto pleaded not guilty to five counts of rape , four counts of indecent assault and one count of attempted rape .
The alleged offences took place between 2005 and 2012 .
The trial continues today .
When Daddy Turns Stuffed Toy !
In a picture that Shabir shared , their elder son is seen stuffing cake into daddy 's mouth . The actor shared the adorable moment with fans and captioned it as , `` Time to be a stuffed toy . # theadventuresofAI # sundayfun '' - ( sic )
Family Time In Kerala ?
In another pic , Shabir is seen posing with their beloved wife and two sons on a boat while bamboo rafting . Though the actor has n't mentioned the location , seems like it was taken on the backwaters of beautiful Kerala . They put up a cute caption saying , `` Row row row your boat ..... # lifeisbutadream # bamboorafting # backwaters # weekendvibes # lovingit # theadventuresofAI @ kanchikaul '' - ( sic )
Loving Father & Adorable Kids
This picture speaks a lot about Shabir 's loving father qualities . The fans could n't contain their happiness while witnessing such a cute moment . They captioned the image as , `` # localtransport # backwaters # theadventuresofAI # love '' - ( sic )
Wife & They
Shabir Ahluwalia and Kanchi Kaul tied the knot in 2011 and have become one of the cutest couples of television realm . At multiple occasion the duo is seen expressing love for each other . Shabir and Kanchi do set marriage goals , do n't they ?
The Official Family Shoot
This picture of Shabbir 's family is worth a thousand words . The candid and beautiful picture received immense appreciation by fans when the actor shared it on their Instagram handle . They simply captioned the picture with four hearts . Each heart representing one family member ? The actor seems to have fans all around the world as one of the comments said , `` PLEASE @ shabirahluwalia @ itisriti come to Turkey 🙏 There are many fans in Turkey who want to meet u both PLEASE ! COME HERE AND LOVE YOU ! `` - ( sic )
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced ? Optional : help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help !
Building on this year 's FT 1000 ranking of Europe 's fastest growing companies , the Financial Times is looking for those companies in the UK making a long-term impact on their sector and wider society .
In the 21st century , employees and executives put an emphasis on environmental and social parameters as well as financial performance , in an age of disruption by innovation .
The Financial Times and Statista , supported by Mishcon de Reya , want to pinpoint how fast-growing companies rise to these challenges . Our goal is to identify the FT Future 100 UK — high growth companies that are shaping their industry , or contributing positively to society and their community .
Every company that submits the survey will be regarded as a candidate for this list . The replies will be evaluated by an editorial team of the FT and analysts from Statista . An FT-led jury will determine the final list .
A special report including the final list will be published in print and on FT.com on September 24 .
Jewish community leaders have described a meeting with Jeremy Corbyn as “ a disappointing missed opportunity ” to address the problem of anti-Semitism in the Labour Party .
The Board of Deputies of British Jews and the Jewish Leadership Council said after the 2½-hour meeting at Westminster that the Labour leader failed to agree to any of the concrete actions they had called for .
“ We welcome the fact that Mr Corbyn 's words have changed but it is action by which the Jewish community will judge them and the Labour Party . Our sole objective from this meeting was to build trust with Mr Corbyn , but this will not be possible until and unless they and the party turn their many strong words against anti-Semitism into equally strong actions in order to bring about a deep cultural change in their supporters ' attitude to Jews , ” they said .
Writing in the Evening Standard ahead of the meeting , Mr Corbyn apologised for anti-Semitism within the Labour Party and admitted that they had not done enough to deal with the problem . But the Jewish leaders said the proposals they advanced during their meeting fell short of the minimum level of action the problem required .
Unprecedented protest
The two groups , which made an unprecedented protest last month about the Labour leader 's failure to tackle anti-Semitism , identified actions they wanted the party to take .
They wanted a fixed timetable to deal with anti-Semitism cases ; that they should expedite the long-standing cases involving Ken Livingstone and Jackie Walker ; that no MP should share a platform with somebody expelled or suspended for anti-Semitism ; that Labour adopt the full International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance ( IHRA ) definition of anti-Semitism with all its examples and clauses ; and that an independent ombudsman should oversee its disciplinary process .
The IHRA definition , which the British government accepts , describes anti-Semitism as “ a certain perception of Jews , which may be expressed as hatred toward Jews . Rhetorical and physical manifestations of anti-Semitism are directed toward Jewish or non-Jewish individuals and/or their property , toward Jewish community institutions and religious facilities . ”
The examples it cites include criticisms which target Israel , if this was “ conceived as a Jewish collectivity ” and “ denying the Jewish people their right to self-determination , eg , by claiming that the existence of a State of Israel is a racist endeavour ” . But the definition says that “ criticism of Israel similar to that levelled against any other country can not be regarded as anti-Semitic ” .
In their Evening Standard article , Mr Corbyn said that anti-Zionism was not in itself anti-Semitic but they acknowledged that “ individuals on the fringes of the movement of solidarity with the Palestinian people can stray into anti-Semitic views ” .
Speaking after Tuesday night 's meeting , the Labour leader described it as “ positive and constructive ” and promised further engagement with Jewish community organisations .
There 's intensity in their eyes , their face as taut with determination as their body is with drive . When they explode off the blocks and flies down the straightaway , a spectator hears only their feet , feels only their wind .
Maureen Ajoku will need it all — strength , speed , focus and fearlessness — where they may soon be going : the 2014 Winter Olympics . A former track-and-field standout at UC Santa Barbara , the 2012 sociology alum is one year into an unexpected tenure with the USA Bobsled Team , poised to reach the pinnacle of competitive athletics .
With nearly eight months to go before the Russia-hosted Games , Ajoku is now in fifth position on a team that will take at least its top three to Sochi .
“ Coming this far , with everything I 've been through , to be in the place that I am now — it 's an amazing feeling , ” said Ajoku , who is in Santa Barbara training at Westmont College through June , when she 'll return to the Olympic Training Center in Lake Placid , NY . “ If I go to the Olympics , it 's the ultimate testament to people who are fighting through something . This is for them . I can say , ‘ I made it , so can you . You can still make it . ' That 's what I 'm looking forward to the most . ”
To those who know Ajoku and their relentless work ethic , that they have arrived here , in a sport to which they were first introduced only last year , comes as no surprise . It 's how they came to be here — and what they went through along the way — that made them ascendance improbable .
In the spring of 2007 , Ajoku was barreling toward high school graduation with their eyes on the future . And what a future it looked to be . After their best season to date in the heptathlon , and notching a record-setting , championship-winning high jump , they scrapped their plans to attend San Francisco State when UCSB came calling .
Ajoku 's already tireless devotion to track and field — the sport they entered on a whim four years earlier , after getting cut from the eighth-grade basketball team — was beginning to pay off . Competing for UCSB meant competing in college 's big league : NCAA Division I .
They never imagined their parents would n't be in the stands to cheer them on .
Three weeks before their commencement from Santa Teresa High School in San Jose , Ajoku 's father died suddenly , of kidney failure . Later the same year , with the books closing on their inaugural quarter at UCSB , their mother died of ovarian cancer .
Julius and Nnenna Ajoku were born in Nigeria . Each had come to the United States in their early 20s — Julius to California , Nnenna to Alabama — aiming for a better education , and a better life . First introduced at a wedding , they achieved that life together . Julius became an engineer ; Nnenna was a registered nurse . They raised three daughters who inherited , and were inspired by , their parents ' drive . The loss was devastating .
“ It was hard to go to school and compete , and at the same time try to be strong in front of people — I did n't want people to feel sorry for me , ” Ajoku recalled of that time . “ I had to keep a strong exterior . That was really hard and I struggled with that for a while during college . But eventually I started to dedicate myself , and my goals , and my dreams to my parents , to live a life to make them proud . That 's what has kept me going in athletics . It 's been an escape as well . ”
Not officially recruited to UCSB , Ajoku was essentially a walk-on to the track team their first year . By their senior season , they were on scholarship . After setting a UCSB record in the long jump that stood until this spring , they were named team MVP . It was a long time coming for the competitor that head track coach Pete Dolan recalled as “ always one of everybody 's favorites — the kind of person you just want to watch . ”
“ She is a true intrinsically motivated athlete , ” Dolan said of Ajoku . “ She did n't need much . It was just , ‘ Can I have a place to practice ? ' And ‘ I 'll do my best . ' And they did . Focus , working hard , believing . That 's Maureen . It 's a horrible thing that they went through , but it 's made them the tough athlete they are today . She 's strong as hell . ”
Them physical power in particular is what led Ajoku , by chance , to bobsled . During their last year at UCSB , a coach saw them pushing — with ease — a prowler sled loaded with more weight than those of their top male sprinters . Such was the metaphorical light-bulb moment for Josh Priester , then UCSB 's associate director for track and field , who knew that the strength , speed , and explosiveness crucial to success on the track were equally so for bobsled .
They also knew a member of the national bobsled team .
A series of Priester-initiated introductions soon snared Ajoku an invitation to try out during the USA Bobsled 's annual combine — a physical test of sprints , shot toss and broad jump — in Park City , Utah . They did , Priester recalled , “ extraordinarily well. ” So well , in fact , that the national coach called Ajoku the very next day , asking them to a Lake Placid recruitment camp in July 2012 . By August they were competing in Calgary . They would eventually travel to Austria , Switzerland , Germany , and Russia as an official member of the team .
“ Some people describe it as being thrown off a mountain in a garbage can , ” Ajoku says of being inside a bobsled , which in a race can hit speeds as high as 85 miles per hour . “ Every single trip down is really scary , because you never know what you 're going to get . You can hit a curve on one run down , and you can crash . I 've crashed three times . You just have to stay calm and trust in your pilot that they 're going to take you down safely . ”
A bobsled 's pilot is its driver ; Ajoku is what 's called a brakeman . Them title is literal : It 's their job to hit the brakes the right way , at the right time . Once they and their pilot push off and get inside the sled , they mostly stay low — and stays aware .
“ It 's really , really intense , ” they said . “ There 's no word that can describe how intense the sport is in general , with the people , the competition , practices — it 's a whole new world . Pushing the sled is really technical . You have to be in the right position , stay low , there are so many factors that go into pushing a bobsled well . ”
There is little doubt that Ajoku will not rest until they have mastered all such factors . After all , this is a woman who happily cops to their never-off competitive switch by relaying , with a laugh , this endearing tidbit : “ Even on the bike path at UCSB , I was always ‘ that person ' trying to pass the people riding next to me . I do n't know what it is . ”
Priester knows . After four years at UCSB , they left in 2012 to found and direct the nonprofit Women 's Athletic Performance Foundation , which aims to support elite American heptathletes , promote physical activity , and provide positive role models through community outreach . They are currently training Ajoku , gratis , because they believe so strongly in their ability .
“ Athleticism is one component , one piece of the puzzle , but the internal drive and the heart someone has to have to be at this level is the real separating point , ” Priester said . “ There are a lot of people with talent . I 've seen a lot of athletes with all the talent in the world that are never going to maximize it because they just do n't have it inside . And they do . ”
Strength of body can make a fine athlete , but it 's strength of heart that reveals a true champion . Strange how a broken heart can sometimes be the strongest of all .
“ When my coach first said I 'd be a good bobsledder I thought , ‘ Is this a joke ? What 's a bobsled ? ' ” Ajoku said wryly . “ But when I saw the opportunity for the Olympics — a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity — I took a leap of faith . I 've worked so hard . Finally , this is my time .
“ What keeps me motivated is my parents , wanting to make them proud , wanting to inspire other people , ” they continued . “ That 's my main thing . Especially for other people who have gone through hard times , to show them that no matter your obstacle , you can still succeed . Your circumstances do n't have to define you . When my parents died I had to grow up really fast , and see what was important . It 's a short life . Any opportunity you get — take it . ”
Tribune Content Agency
( C ) 2017 Tribune Content Agency , LLC .
“ I wanted to make some orange juice . The can said ‘ concentrate , ' but it did n't say how long. ” — graffiti
Most of the errors that technically skilled players commit stem from a loss of focus . Against today 's 3NT , West led the seven of spades in response to East 's overcall , and East took the ace and returned the queen . They blotted out dummy 's doubleton J-10 , but after South took the king , they cashed six clubs and three hearts , making an overtrick .
CLUB TRICKS
East 's concentration was n't quite ferocious . They can see six club tricks for South no matter what South has in clubs . Even if South lacks the king of hearts , they can take a winning finesse against West . So East is most unlikely to beat 3NT with a spade return at the second trick .
East must instead look for five fast defensive tricks by shifting to diamonds : to the jack . Whether South covers or plays low , the defense can take four diamonds in addition to the ace of spades .
Concentration is 60 percent of the game .
DAILY QUESTION
You hold : ♠ A Q 9 8 4 ♥ 10 3 ♦ A J 3 ♣ 10 5 2 . Your partner opens one heart , you respond one spade , they bid two clubs and you try 2NT . Partner then rebids three clubs . What do you say ?
ANSWER : Do n't bid 3NT . Partner has shown a weak two-suiter , almost surely with five hearts and five clubs . Since your support for clubs is better , pass . Since you have side aces , a raise to four clubs would be defensible , but to persist with 3NT would be a breach of discipline .
North dealer
N-S vulnerable
NORTH
♠ J 10
♥ A Q 4
♦ 10 5
♣ A K J 9 6 4
WEST
♠ 7 5 3
♥ J 8 7 6 5
♦ K 9 7 2
♣ Q
EAST
♠ A Q 9 8 4
♥ 10 3
♦ A J 3
♣ 10 5 2
SOUTH
♠ K 6 2
♥ K 9 2
♦ Q 8 6 4
♣ 8 7 3
North East South West
1 ♣ 1 ♠ 1 NT Pass
3 NT All Pass
Opening lead — ♠ 7 AMX-2016-12-20T09:00:00-05:00
By DANIEL SONNINSHINE
Since 1900 , there have been multiple tax cuts . Most notably where those in the 1920s , 1960s , and 1980s .
The roaring 20s were ushered in by sweeping tax cuts , across the board by President Warren Harding and President Calvin Coolidge . The lowered tax rates did something that most of its opponents never foresaw ( or refused to admit would occur ) : the cuts actually increased revenues . Great economic prosperity then ensued throughout the United States .
Presidents Hoover and Roosevelt thereafter raised all the tax rates . And then the Great Depression blew demolished the fiscal heyday .
Although Democrats had dismantled the tax cuts in the 1930s , a young Democrat in the early 1960s revitalized them . John F. Kennedy was the second 20th Century president to enact sweeping tax reform .
JFK oversaw the slashing of tax rates across the board . The 1960s Americans witnessed the same result that had occurred 40 years earlier . The economy boomed . And tax revenue increased from $ 100 billion to over $ 150 billion during these 1960s tax cuts .
Ronald Reagan bolted into office in 1980 , delivering what they had promised in their campaign . The Republican star did what their Democrat counterpart star had done two decades earlier : they had taxes cut at every bracket .
And what happened ?
A raging , prosperous economy .
President Trump has initiated what likely will transform into sweeping tax cuts , for all . In each of the above-defined 20th Century presidents ' tax reforms , the ultimate across-the-board cuts took some time . Trump 's first step is in synch with these historical accounts . Accordingly , the U.S. economy , via this first round of Trump-pushed cuts – along with their many other bold initiatives- is likely to keep traveling in its successful financial route . Naysayers may just be jealous or woefully uniformed .
Daniel Sonninshine is an Empire State News staff writer , who is in search of greatness . A 20-something smart fellow , they are now lifting weights in an effort to obtain more power . If that does n't work , they will ask to write more editorials for Empire State News and less fact articles .
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE .
YOU MAY , HOWEVER , COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK .
Three Mexican film students who went missing in March in Guadalajara , in the state of Jalisco , were kidnapped , tortured and killed , and their bodies were dissolved in acid , authorities said Monday .
State prosecutors said criminals had confused them with members of a rival gang .
- Advertisement -
The grim news led to outrage and strong sentiments on social media from ordinary Mexicans as well as from Academy Award winning director Guillermo del Toro , who is a native of Guadalajara .
“ Words ca n't explain the dimension of this madness . 3 students are killed and dissolved in acid . The ‘ why ' is unthinkable , the ‘ how ' is terrifying , ” they tweeted .
Del Toro , whose film “ The Shape of Water ” won the Oscar for best picture this year , joined thousands of Mexicans who have been protesting for over a month and calling for help via the Twitter hashtags # NoSonTresSomosTodxs ( “ It 's not three , it 's all of us ” ) and # LosTresEstudiantesDeCine ( “ the three film students ” ) .
The students — Javier Salomón Aceves Gastélum , Daniel Díaz and Marco Ávalo — were last seen on March 19 in the municipality of Tonala . The aspiring filmmakers from Universidad de Medios Audiovisuales , a film school in Guadalajara , were there filming a class project during their spring break . Díaz had crutches and Salomón had brought along their girlfriend , their cousin Alejandra and a friend of hers .
According to Jalisco state prosecutors , their car broke down during the trip and they were later kidnapped by at least six people who tortured and killed them .
“ Subsequently their bodies were dissolved in acid so that no trace of them remained , ” the state prosecutor 's office said .
Related Oscar winner Guillermo del Toro among Mexicans seeking answers in case of missing film students
The state prosecutor in Jalisco , Raul Sanchez , said that two people had been arrested so far in the investigation .
Prosecutors said the youths were confused with members of another gang by gunmen from the Jalisco New Generation Cartel , which has become the most powerful in Mexico , according to U.S. authorities .
Criminal groups in Mexico often kidnap , torture , dismember and even dissolve their victims in acid , and the remains are often dumped in clandestine graves .
Relatives and friends of three missing students from the University of Audiovisual Media , take part in a demonstration in Guadalajara , Jalisco State , Mexico , Ulises Ruiz / AFP – Getty Images
The three film students join a growing list of young adults and other people who have gone missing in recent years .
As of Feb. 28 , over 5,000 people have gone missing in Jalisco . As reported by a local publication , 36 percent of all people missing are 16 to 28 years old — meaning that a third of all the disappeared in Jalisco are young people like Javier Salomón , Marco Ávalo and Daniel Díaz .
In 2014 , the case of 43 missing student teachers in the southern state of Guerrero attracted national attention after a group of nearly 100 students from the Ayotzinapa Teachers College were ambushed by local police on Sept. 26 of that year — leaving six dead .
Related Report Finds Investigators Into Missing Mexican 43 Were Targets of Spying Software
The case spurred protests in Mexico and internationally , as well as calls for the Mexican government to investigate . The government said the students had been kidnapped by police who handed them over to a criminal group that killed them and burned their bodies .
The families of the 43 victims are still demanding answers .
International observers objected to the government 's investigation and the case shook the administration of President Enrique Peña Nieto , who has seen their popularity decline sharply amid corruption allegations and a spike in violence .
More than 25,000 people were murdered last year in Mexico . Homicides hit their highest level in records going back 20 years .
CRISFIELD POLICE DEPARTMENT NEWS RELEASE
On July 3rd , 2018 @ 2200 hours Cpl . Mark Hoover and PFC Charles Sermon of the Crisfield Police Department conducted a traffic stop on a 2013 red in color , Chevrolet Aveo vehicle which had committed several traffic violations
on Myrtle Lane . As they approached the vehicle the occupant exited their vehicle very hastily and Cpl . Hoover observed Keyon Honesty who has been arrested several times by the Crisfield Police Department before . When Honesty was approached they immediately pushed
the officer and a scuffle ensued between the officers and Honesty . As they were resisting arrest they fought the officers and was trying to escape when they were tased by the officers so that they could gain control . Subsequently arrested located on Honesty 's person
was a large amount of Narcotics indicative of Distribution of Narcotics . Honesty had multiple clear plastic baggies in their pants pocket one containing approximately ( 30 ) pieces of crack cocaine ) additional ( 2 ) baggies of an off white powdery substance in a
plastic baggie ( possibly Heroin ) sent to lab for analysis and another baggie containing marijuana . A probable cause search of the vehicle revealed a clear plastic baggie containing a clear crystallized substance and a baggie containing Pfizer PGN 300 capsules
( Lyrica / Pain pills/ located in the driver 's compartment . Seized as evidence was the Chevrolet Aveo and iPhone from Honesty . Honesty was taken to McCready Hospital and released to the custody of the officers with no injuries .
Honesty was charged accordingly with the following offenses .
Traffic Violations :
Driving a vehicle in excess of a reasonable and prudent speed on a highway
Failure to display Registration card upon demand of an officer
Driving without a driver 's license
Driving on a Suspended license
Fleeing & Eluding a police officer
Failure to attend DIP
And ( 6 ) additional traffic charges
Criminal Violations
CDS Possession w/I to Distribute
CDS possession not Marijuana
CDS possession of paraphernalia
Resisting Arrest
Obstructing & Hindering Law Enforcement
Failure to obey a lawful order of a police officer
Disturbing the peace
Disorderly conduct
Assault on a Police Officer 2nd Degree
Court Commissioner placed a $ 10,000 bond on Honesty
Chief Michael Tabor
Crisfield Police Department
HelloBeautiful Staff
Women who have publicly accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct plan to hold a press conference on Monday to demand a congressional probe of the president , CBS News reports . In doing so , they join a growing chorus that wants to hold the president accountable .
WATCH : President Trump sexual misconduct accusers join together to demand a Congressional investigation as Ambassador Haley says “ they should be heard ” pic.twitter.com/ZlaSiDQDkv — TODAY ( @ TODAYshow ) December 11 , 2017
RELATED : Michelle Obama : Donald Trump 's Sexual Assault Comments Have Shaken Me To My Core
Brave New Films , a California-based documentary film company , is hosting the conference at 10:30 a.m. at which the women will share details of their encounters with the president . Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holve and Rachel Cooks , three of Trump 's accusers , appeared with NBC host Megyn Kelly during Monday 's episode of the “ Today Show ” to voice their concerns and tell their story . The women are only three of a total of 19 who claimed that they were groped , harassed , and/or assaulted by the president .
During the presidential campaign , Trump denied the allegations and continues to do so . Since the campaign , however , the nation has experienced a watershed moment in which a surge of sexual misconduct claims have toppled powerful men . Indeed , 70 percent of Americans believe that Congress should investigate these sexual misconduct claims against the president , according to a Quinnipiac University pollreleased on Wednesday . While Democrats and Republicans are on opposite sides of the question , 67 percent of registered Independents sided with Democrats in supporting a congressional probe of the president .
“ I just watched Sen. Al Franken do the honorable thing and resign from their office . My question is , why is n't Donald Trump doing the same thing — who has more serious allegations against him , with more women who have come forward . The fact pattern on them is far more damning than the fact pattern on Al Franken , ” Sen. Cory Booker ( D-N.J. ) told VICE News on Saturday .
Momentum seems to be on the side of those who want lawmakers to investigate the allegations . The Republicans , however , control both houses of Congress . Still , a wave is sweeping through Washington . Arizona Republican Rep. Trent Franks announced on Thursday that they would resign at the end of January after the House Ethics Committee said it would probe sexual harassment allegations against him . Democrats Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota and Rep. John Conyers Jr. also announce their resignations over sexual harassment claims last week .
SOURCE : CBS News
DO N'T MISS :
Trump 's Highly Controversial Travel Ban Is Reportedly Back On
Trump Tried To “ Honor ” Rosa Parks , Black Twitter Was n't Having Any Of It
Resplendent in the cap and gowns they will be wearing for their June 16 commencement , more than 60 graduating from River Ridge High School seniors parade though the halls and play fields at Olympic View Elementary School on Thursday morning greeted by cheers from the younger Olympic students as the traditional `` Pomp and Circumstance '' processional music is heard overhead .
The Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation is thrilled to welcome four new members to the nonprofit organization 's staff team : Bryan Kerner , development director ; Kayla Howard-Anderson , program director ; Stephanie Forrester , bookkeeper and administrative assistant ; and Melinda Bie , marketing and special projects coordinator .
Kerner joined TBCF in March , bringing with them years of leadership experience working with nonprofits in a variety of capacities , specializing in financial management , fundraising and event planning .
They are originally from Connecticut , where among their professional and volunteer roles they spent 10 years with the Simsbury 's American Cancer Society 's Relay for Life as finance chair and as president of the Collinsville Arts Initiative , a fundraising event for art grants and youth mentoring programs .
Throughout their personal and professional life , Kerner has embodied a strong commitment to provide energy , enthusiasm and synergistic solutions in making a difference in the lives of youth and their families . In Santa Barbara , their involvement working with the Children 's Creative Project and the Madonnari Festival helps provide youth with arts education programs through the Santa Barbara County Education Office .
Howard-Anderson also joined TBCF in March as program director , following their return from serving two years with the Peace Corps in Panama as an environmental health volunteer . They lived among an indigenous tribe in the jungle , teaching health and sanitation , and helped organized the village to construct more than 50 new sanitation facilities .
Howard-Anderson holds a bachelor of science degree in human development and a minor in global studies from UC Davis . They have worked extensively with special-needs children in preschools through UC Davis , as well as for Camp Kasem , a nonprofit camp for families coping with cancer .
“ I am thrilled to have such exceptional and experienced individuals join Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation and dedicate their efforts to provide critical emotional and financial support services to families that have children with cancer , ” Executive Director Lindsey Guerrero said . “ The professional experiences that each of our new team members bring to the table will greatly strengthen our abilities to enhance the quality and reach of our services . ”
Forrester takes on a dual role with TBCF as bookkeeper and administrative assistant , utilizing their extensive experience in financial management and office administration . In addition to their professional qualifications , they have volunteered with the Dream Foundation , Direct Relief International , X-LA Aide and worked hands on with CNN in collaboration with the United Kingdom and several other countries to bring Kosovo refugees to Santa Barbara for medical treatment .
Bie , a lifetime resident of the Santa Barbara area , is the most recent addition to TBCF . Them experience with nonprofits includes 14 years with the National Electrical Contractors Association and board member of the Plaza Playhouse Theater in Carpinteria , coordinator of the Pierre Claeyssens Military Ball , in addition to their involvement with the Vietnam Veterans of America Chapter 218 , where their husband , Peter , serves as president .
The mission of the Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation is to provide financial and emotional support to families of children with cancer living in Santa Barbara , Ventura and San Luis Obispo counties . Each year the organization serves more than 650 individuals . To learn more about the Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation , click here or call 805.962.7466 .
Feder : Me-TV FM surges in Chicago radio ratings
hello
Days after parent company iHeartMedia filed for bankruptcy protection , urban adult-contemporary powerhouse WVAZ FM 102.7 remained firmly entrenched as the top-rated radio station in the Chicago area .
But far bigger news in the Nielsen Audio survey released Monday was the growth of Weigel Broadcasting 's WRME FM 87.7 , the soft-rock oldies station known as Me-TV FM . Jumping from 21st place to sixth in one month , it delivered its highest total audience share ever . In middays the station ranked No . 2 overall -- behind only V103 .
Get the full report and more Chicago media news at robertfeder.com .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Luton Town boss Nathan Jones had admitted they are 'relieved ' after Isaac Vassell completed a switch to Birmingham City .
The striker became the latest St Andrew 's arrival earlier today , signing a four-year deal .
Luton were reluctant to sell Vassell amid interest in the Championship , but Blues moved to secure the 23-year-old 's services .
`` We tried absolutely everything to get them to sign a contract at the football club , '' Jones said .
`` We turned down as many offers as we could .
`` I praise the board for staying as strong as they did for so long .
`` He was adamant they wanted to leave and we wish them all the best .
`` I 'm relieved it 's done because it was starting to distract . ''
Vassell is expected to be included in Harry Redknapp 's squad to face Bolton Wanderers on Tuesday after Blues competed their registration ahead of this afternoon 's deadline .
Miami 's Most Iconic BarsGoing out to a bar is a very popular outing for adults on the weekends . But most bars just play music and offer drinks . For those looking for a little change , try visiting an iconic bar . Antique architecture , buildings , legends from decades in the past , and gorgeous , calming views are just some of the things that go into making a bar an iconic landmark .
The ( ABU ) , Zaria , says it is making efforts to establish conventional and standard locally-built refineries in the Niger Delta to boost refining of Nigerian crude .
Prof. Ibrahim Mohammed-Dabo , the Team Leader , ABU Refinery Project , disclosed this in Zaria .
“ Our ultimate goal is to have a conventional and standard locally built refinery that can be refining Nigerian crudes .
“ We are hoping that if enough funds are made available to us to perfect what we have on ground , we shall be willing to build other ones that can be stationed in the Niger Delta .
“ This is where most of the Nigerian crude oil is produced . When new ones are built , we are going to train operators that will manage them , ” Mohammed-Dabo said .
They said that the ABU mini refinery project started in 2011 when they wrote a research proposal to the university 's management for onward delivery to the TETFUND for funding .
“ In monetary terms , the initial stage of the project was proposed to cost a total of N18 million but only N1.8 million was approved for the project .
“ We initially wanted to abandon the project because the amount approved was so small but being very passionate about it , we started the design and fabricated some components with that meagre amount .
“ Actually , it reached a stage where we had to use our personal money for the project . When we started installation at the site , we invited the university management to the site and they were very happy .
“ On appreciating what was done , the then Vice-Chancellor pledged that the university was going to support the project which they did by providing the land , security light and water , ” Mohammed-Dabo said .
They said dedicated staff were employed for the project , and that since then , the university had been very supportive .
“ As you know , refinery is made up of many units , the first unit to be put in place in any refinery are the desalting and crude distillation units .
“ These were the ones we designed , constructed , installed and operated with the support of the University .
“ The Raw Materials Research and Development Council ( RMRDC ) , Abuja was approached to fund two units , which were the Naphtha Hydrotreating Unit ( NUH ) and the Fluid Catalytic cracking unit ( FCCU ) .
“ The RMRDC is therefore sponsoring these units which we have completed both design and fabrication components , we are now at the installation stage , ” they said .
According to him , the team is equally working on other units such as the Kerosene hydrotreating unit , Catalytic reforming unit , sour water stripping unit and flare gas recovery unit .
They said in summary what was not on ground was solely sponsored by the ABU management toward ensuring the success of the project .
On the present state of the refinery , Mohammed-Dabo said three units had so far been completed .
“ As I have mentioned earlier , presently the refinery has completed three units which are the desalting unit , atmospheric and vacuum distillation units .
“ We are equally working on four of five other units which we hope before the fourth quarter of this year , we will commission them , God willing .
“ Building any technology is capital expensive , talk less of oil refinery technology . It involves many trials before perfection .
“ There is the need to improve upon what has already been built and this involves money . We have been making efforts in this regard but up till now no funding has been secured , ” they said .
Mohammed-Dabo observed that Nigeria would never be self-sufficient or secure as long as it relied on foreign countries for their developed technologies .
They cited example of the four state-owned refineries in Nigeria , saying , they were all built by foreigners .
“ The four state-owned refineries were all built by foreigners and whenever a serious technical problem arises we resort to contacting the so-called original manufactures to solve the problem .
“ If these refineries were designed and built by Nigerians , we would have solved the problem faster and cheaper .
“ We are therefore , requesting the government to support and encourage us so that Nigeria will have a completely locally developed oil refinery technology .
“ Having a locally built refineries will make it cheaper for private investors to build modular refineries which help in curbing the proliferation of the so-called artisan illegal refineries in the Niger Delta , ” they said .
They observed that operations of such illegal refiners were dangerous to both operators and the environment . ( NAN )
The bad times during the crisis were a tough period to be minister for finance and Fianna Fáil suffered at the polls after all the cuts and tax hikes . But while back then the only question was where to wield the knife , the better times bring their political difficulties , too .
Now there is cash available and there will be some scramble in the next few months about what to do with it on budget day in October . As the current confidence and supply agreement runs out after this budget , a lot of political shaping lies ahead .
There are opportunities here for Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe , as for the first time in years they will have some reasonable leeway on budget day . But the awkward bit politically is that expectations are rising with the recovering economy – and delivery of real improvements is tricky and takes time . Nowhere is this clearer than in health , where spending is yet again running ahead of target , just as the Government is considering how to implement a new multiyear plan , which would require more cash again .
The mid-year exchequer returns brought one piece of good news . Tax revenues were a bit behind in some key areas in the early months of the year , but most are now on track , including the key income tax heading . There is no reason why the tax targets for 2018 should not be met .
This will open up budget leeway for 2019 , albeit that Brexit uncertainty may well cast a cloud . And remember that €260 million has already been allocated to additional spending , with more to come . What could possibly go wrong ?
Well dig a little deeper into the figures and the challenges become clear . Most of the political debate in the run-up to the budget will be about improving services and increasing investment , rather than cutting taxes . And managing the spending side of the budget to deliver real improvements is not easy , as the latest figures show .
Tight spending
Spending was kept tight , by necessity , as we emerged from the economic crash , as we were constrained by EU rules . Now it is on the rise again , with total spending up 8.5 per cent year on year , or 0.5 per cent ahead of target . Day-to-day spending was up 6.7 per cent in net terms in the first half of the year . The main pressure is in health , up 8.7 per cent on 2017 and 2.3 per cent , or €167 million , ahead of expectations .
Were it not for two other factors , the health overrun would have led to a bigger general overspend . One was that timing factors meant there was underspending at the Department of Agriculture . The other was that State investment spending , while more than one-third up on last year 's level , was €176 million or 8.2 per cent below expectations .
Delivering on real improvements in the health service and on capital spending – particularly in areas like housing and transport – will be the key economic challenges for whatever administration is in power over the next few years . The exchequer returns underline the extent of these challenges , particularly in health where a new Sláintecare programme , to which the Government has committed , would involve more resources in the years ahead .
Despite the imminent establishment of a taskforce attached to the Department of Health to take on the implementation of Sláintecare , it remains to be seen if this Government is really committed to the strategy . Meanwhile , after the announcement of its glossy new State investment programme in February , the hard slog of implementation has yet to gather pace . The wars over GAA pitches and people 's front gardens are just a foretaste of what is to come .
Health service
By its nature , investment spending takes some years to increase , and improvements in the health service – if they can be achieved – are also a long-term challenge . Many other countries , notably the UK , are going through exactly the same debate about what resources the health service needs and how best to deploy them .
Whatever the Minister does , they have to bear in mind that now is the best of times for the exchequer , with soaring growth and falling unemployment . They may have to deliver the budget with huge uncertainty remaining about Brexit , as well as the certainty that growth rates will slow from their current level at some stage . Despite strong growth and tax revenues , the exchequer was still in deficit to the tune of €823 million in the first half of the year , up by more than €300 million on the underlying picture in the same period last year . Spending rose more quickly than revenue . This means the exchequer is still in deficit , despite the strong surge in corporate tax receipts , which may or may not prove sustainable .
The big political issues are not about whether taxpayers get an extra €7 or €10 a week , but rather about hospital waiting lists and the housing crisis . It is about controlling spending and being set to get value for money . These are all complicated political jobs with a long lead time to delivery . Come budget day , the Minister will have to sell the sizzle rather than the sausage . Add in the uncertainty caused by Brexit and , despite the strong exchequer trends , this will be a tricky budget .
There are many ways to make a conference speech memorable and Theresa May managed most of them . A prankster with a P45 , a constant cough and a set that fell to bits as they spoke , the speech was a riot of metaphors in waiting . It may yet be pointed to as a decisive moment in their premiership but it was certainly notable . The only forgettable aspect was the content . When Mrs May tries to inject passion into their voice it is not just the frog that catches in their throat . It is their conservatism .
Conservative politician can ascend to the rhetorical heights at time of peril . Winston Churchill , was , as David Cannadine once wrote , both a master and a slave of the English language . In their early years , Churchill had an unenviable reputation for lavish verbosity . In 1908 , as the Colonial Under-Secretary , Churchill gave a speech on an African irrigation scheme in which they tried out a locution that would later become renowned : ‘ Nowhere else in the world could so enormous a mass of water be held up by so little masonry ' . Churchill was obsessed by speeches . They declaimed their lines constantly , often in the bath . On one occasion their private secretary noted that , lost in the act of composition , Churchill had mistakenly set their smoking jacket alight : ‘ You 're on fire , sir , ' they said calmly .
Yet Conservatives do not catch fire often . The history of notable speeches contains many entries by Conservatives but not many pass the test of greatness . Is rhetoric , like comedy , a dramatic art that seems more suited to the dissenters and the radicals than the drier conservatives ? There is something in that , to be sure . The anthologies of rhetoric are full of the finest words spoken at moments of great historical change . To the extent that conservatism is a doctrine suspicious of rupture , the relative absence of its advocates from the canon is unsurprising .
Which is not to say that Conservatives have never defined a cause . There has been none greater than the survival of freedom , for which Churchill found their imperishable phrases in the summer of 1940 . Mercifully , such moments are rare but attempts to conjure the same spirit have been made in the name of Empire and , in more recent times , Europe . Churchill themselves gave the first notable Conservative speech at the University of Zurich in 1946 when they suggested that a continent recently ravaged by war could be healed by a united state of Europe . Not that Britain would do anything so vulgar as actually join , of course . In later years Harold Macmillan , Ted Heath , Geoffrey Howe and David Cameron all gave speeches commending the various guises of the European Union to their party and , at Lancaster House on 17th January 2017 , Theresa May read out the last rites of a hostile process that had been started in Bruges , on 20th September 1988 , by Margaret Thatcher .
These speeches were all important but none were magnificent . Take Geoffrey Howe 's speech which toppled Mrs Thatcher . With their irrelevant and poorly worked metaphor of the captain breaking the cricket bat , this is one of the worst-written effective speeches in political history . Mrs May 's speech in Florence on 22nd September brings the story of the Conservatives and Europe to an inglorious end and the issue is likely to overwhelm their time in office . It is , for that reason , imperative that the Conservative party finds a rhetorical cause and , though there are not many , the anthologies do contain some exemplars .
William Wilberforce , Conservative MP for Hull , was an eccentric . They were opposed to duels and anxious about the spread of profanity and low salaries for curates . Their attempts to ban adultery and Sunday newspapers both came to nothing but , on 12th May 1789 , they wrote themselves into history with a speech in Parliament on the slave trade . Wilberforce was appalled that British ships were carrying slaves from Africa to be bought and sold in the West Indies as chattels . In response to a Privy Council report on the slave trade , Wilberforce gave a restrained , rigorous but devastating indictment of its moral horror : ‘ let us put an end to this inhuman traffic . Let us stop this effusion of human blood ' . It took until 1806 for the Foreign Slave Trade Abolition Bill to become law . On that occasion , the Solicitor-General , Sir Samuel Romilly , concluded with an emotional tribute to Wilberforce who was overcome by the compliment and sat , their head in their hands , with tears streaming down theirs face .
Wilberforce 's methods were always Parliamentary so in that sense Emmeline Pankhurst , the militant suffragette , was an even more unlikely Conservative . Yet one of their finest speeches – ‘ The Laws That Men Have Made ' – delivered in London in March 1908 , is an authentically conservative case for the franchise . They argued that women ought to have the vote so that their views could be taken into account and the quality of government improved . Throughout Mrs Pankhurst is at pains to suggest that the traditional role of the wife and mother need not be threatened by this venture into politics .
Pankhurst had been born into a radical Manchester family but had become disillusioned with the Liberals . Gladstone showed no interest in votes for women and Asquith was actively hostile . The suffragettes campaigned in by-elections against the Liberals which had the effect of boosting support for the Conservatives . The Labour party Mrs Pankurst regarded as dominated by male trade unionists . There was a typical incident in 1903 when the Independent Labour Party built a hall built in memory of their deceased husband , a radical lawyer active in the women 's cause , but declined to let women enter it . By 1928 Mrs Pankhurst had been selected as the Conservative candidate for Whitechapel and St George 's . Baldwin 's Conservative government duly passed the Representation of the People ( Equal Franchise ) Act 1928 .
The best Conservative blend of rhetorical prowess and practical action , though , is Benjamin Disraeli . The accusation that rhetoric is crafted duplicity never goes away and it was always hard , in Disraeli 's case , to tell which among their many ornate phrases they truly meant . At times the link between Disraeli 's words and the good that got done appeared to be accidental , if not random . That said , their famous One Nation speech at the Free Trade Hall on 3rd April 1872 prefigures almost exactly what their government then enacted between 1874 and 1880 . Public health , slum clearance , trade union recognition and improvements to working conditions were all in the speech and action followed on all of them . It is an eloquent reminder that Conservatives can be moved to fine words and that acting to combat injustice is very much the better part of the party 's heritage .
Rhetoric is , in the end , a practical discipline . In an essay on Burke , Hazlitt distinguished rhetoric from both philosophy and poetry : ‘ the object of the one is to delight the imagination , that of the other to impel the will ' . Rhetoric is designed to make something happen . The opposite of something happening is not conservatism , it is stasis and unless the Conservative party recovers some of the passion of Wilberforce , Pankhurst or Disraeli , stasis is all it will get . Perhaps Mrs May 's inability to speak in Manchester was a distinctive conservative speech after all .
Stockbyte/Thinkstock ( AUSTIN , Texas ) — The desperate search for the suspect or suspects who have put Austin residents on edge with a series of explosives is now likely focused on the few clues police have on hand .
Fred Milanowski , a special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives who are on the ground in Austin , told ABC News that officials are looking at “ a couple of people of interest ” but added they are still actively calling for the public 's help .
The most obvious avenue for investigation at this point is examining the remnants of the four devices that have exploded in Austin over a 17-day span . The explosions have killed two people and injured four others .
“ Every bomber leaves a signature because they tend to make their devices the same way every time 'cause once they 've perfected one they do n't want to take a chance of accidentally detonating something , ” Milanowski told ABC News .
But since the first three blasts stemmed from package bombs and officials believe the fourth explosive , which went off on Sunday night , was detonated by a tripwire , it could suggest that the bombmaker or bombmakers are changing their style .
“ That 's why this one does concern us because it 's got a little more sophisticated with this tripwire , ” Milanowski said .
“ From preliminarily what we 've seen in there , there 's reason to believe that the same individual that built those built the other one , ” they said .
John Cohen , a former acting Homeland Security under secretary and now an ABC News consultant , said that the leftovers from the physical bombs will play a key role in more ways than one . For example , there could be DNA left on a portion of the bomb , which authorities will then run through any number of records repositories , like criminal or military records as well as fingerprints from certain background checks or travel records like TSA PreCheck , that could match the bomb to a name .
“ Even if they find DNA or fingerprints but they 're not in those repositories , it wo n't help them identify the person , but it will help them connect the individual events to the same person , ” Cohen said .
The level of sophistication in the bombs and the ability to make different types of bombs as seen in the switch to a tripwire could also be an avenue in and of itself .
Steve Gomez , a former FBI special agent in charge and current ABC News consultant , stressed the level of craftsmanship on display in the bombs so far and the level of preparation that the bomber or bombers had to commit before detonating the blasts .
“ Whoever is the suspect or suspects , they are very sophisticated when it comes to bombmaking and explosives , so that 's the first line of investigations that they pursue , ” Gomez said , noting that “ anyone in the area that has some kind of explosives-making experience ” is likely going to be considered .
Gomez said it 's also clear that the suspect or suspects are “ utilizing a lot of planning because so far there have been no videos that have come up with a potential suspect , which indicates that the bomber is probably doing surveillance of the locations where the bombs are going to be planted . ”
“ It 's fairly easy to determine if somebody has visible cameras or the doorbell cameras — those are fairly easy to detect — so that might be part of the surveillance that the bomber is conducting , ” Gomez said .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
A year ago , Bill Hunter says they had the “ bright idea ” that they could put a bee hive in the yard of their Mooresville home and “ steal the honey . ”
Hunter would quickly learn that crime does n't pay , at least not in the first couple years of beekeeping .
i
While bees making honey in the backyard may seem like a naturally occurring thing , Hunter quickly learned that humans play an important part in it , too . He 's learned some hard lessons in harvesting their first few dozen jars and believes they wo n't turn a profit for another couple years .
Hunter is a member of the Iredell County Beekeepers Association , the local advocacy group to nearly 100 bee enthusiasts in and around Lake Norman . Part of its mission is to help turn novice beekeepers , like Hunter , into experts .
“ It 's a lot more work than what I hoped , ” said Hunter . “ I was sort of naïve when I got into it . But there 's a whole lot more to it that the general public does n't understand . You have to take care of them almost like a pet . ”
The association 's new president , David Little of Troutman , says that the towns around Lake Norman are ripe for raising honey bees because of the area 's ample vegetation and obvious access to water .
I want to give you every piece of information possible because I want your first experience with bees to be a good one . People may spend around $ 500 to get started . I do n't want them to be dead within a year . David Little
The organization holds monthly meetings every third Thursday at the Iredell County Agricultural Extension Office in which informational presentations are made . Prior to being president , Little used to coordinate the educational programs .
“ I want to give you every piece of information possible because I want your first experience with bees to be a good one , ” said Little . “ People may spend around $ 500 to get started . I do n't want them ( the bees ) to be dead within a year . ”
The association offers separate beginner and intermediate classes in the fall .
Little started raising bees in 2005 and joined the association shortly after . They say the group 's attendance at meetings averaged around 25 members at the time and grew to around 35-40 as recently as four years ago .
Since then , Little says that attendance has nearly doubled . They feel interest has increased because of the general public 's interest in eating organic food and the association 's recruiting efforts at the Iredell County Fair , held in the late summer .
Garry Whitley of G & S Bee Farm in Albemarle recently outlined a set of guidelines for beekeepers to follow to protect their hives .
Whitley said the No . 1 threat to tending to bees is carelessly allowing them to swarm and relocate . Feeding the bees properly , pampering the hive 's queen , controlling the proper space in a hive , and understanding when a hive 's population should be split into different hives are also important aspects .
“ I 've probably done all those things at one time or another , ” said Hunter , who maintains six hives outside their two-story house in a residential neighborhood .
The Iredell County Beekeepers Association offers separate beginner and intermediate classes in the fall .
Hunter is being mentored by Little , who along with other experienced beekeepers are eager to educate newcomers , including Mike Stephens who has seven hives on their property in east Mooresville .
Stephens has come to understand the importance of the spring season to honey production . Water access is important and a relatively dry spring this year has presented a challenge . Bees will generally fly up to 3 miles to find water and food .
“ If you have a moist season , you have a good strong bloom of the plants , ” said Stephens . “ We 're 8-9 inches behind in rain for the season so far . So we may have a relatively weak honey flow . ”
Doug King , who has raised bees at their Mooresville home near Lake Norman for four years , has learned how important it is to feed them ( sugar water , for example ) during the winter and how harmful common household pesticides can be .
“ If I have to spray , I have to do it late in the afternoon when the bees tend not to be flying and foraging , ” said King . “ If you want to spray to kill some weeds you have to do it at about dark and with no wind . ”
It may be hard work , but the returns can be sweet . Little attests that eating honey helps alleviate allergy symptoms , somewhat working as a natural immunization through the bees ' consumption of the nectar produced by the very plants some humans are allergic to .
Of course , beekeepers also enjoy how their honey tastes as a topping on foods or as a flavoring in drinks .
“ You have a feeling of accomplishment when you get that first jar of honey , ” said Little . “ We tell ( new beekeepers ) that first jar of honey will be the best honey you 've ever tasted in your life , because you had something to do with it . ”
FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla. - A liquor store employee was robbed in front of several witnesses Monday in Fort Lauderdale , but no one jumped in to help , outraging their co-worker .
Surveillance video shows the victim walking out of the store at 3061 NW 19th St. and getting robbed seconds later .
The woman tried to be discreet as they walked out of the business with a black bag filled with thousands of dollars in cash .
But they were quickly ambushed by a man who knew exactly what they were after .
`` She 's a victim . She 's an old lady . She 's doing their job , '' fellow clerk Ash Hanna said .
Hanna told Local 10 News that he 's outraged after the robbery outside 19th Street Liquors .
They said the victim came from another store to collect the money and deposit it .
Hanna said they were shocked when they watched the surveillance video to see so many people watching the violent encounter and no one stepping in to help the woman .
`` Nobody gave a f * * * , '' Hanna said . `` Nobody run after this guy . The guy keep running . He 's a short guy , they ca n't run fast . I think it 's planned , and nobody cares here . ''
Hanna is convinced that the robbery was a team effort and that someone knew what day money is picked up from the Fort Lauderdale liquor store .
The culprit was seen waiting for more than an hour for the victim -- at times appearing to get tired of waiting .
Police are investigating the possibility that a former employee or friends of workers may have tipped the guy off .
`` Why they stay for one hour in front of their car ? I mean , the moment they went outside through the back , they were ready in the position to jump , '' Hanna said .
Anyone with information about the robbery is asked to call Broward Crime Stoppers at 954-493-8477 .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Morning Commute Slows Up Over Snow , Winds ComingMetro Transit reported that , as of 8 a.m. , about 41 percent of its buses were delayed . The average delay was about 7 minutes .
Overnight Snow Could Impact Monday Morning CommuteAn early heads up to Twin Cities motorists : Your Monday morning commute could be a bit of a mess .
Despite Cold Streak , DNR Says Stay Off The IceIce dusted in snow makes for a beautiful backdrop in Excelsior bay of Lake Minnetonka , but it does not mean it 's safe to walk on .
A vehicle wrapped in blue tarpaulin is removed from Larkhill Road in Durrington , 10 miles 16 kilometers ) north of Salisbury , England , on the back of an Army lorry , Monday March 19 , 2018 , as the investigation into the suspected nerve agent attack on Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia continues . A road in the village of Durrington was closed off and tents were erected as the military and police searched for clues Monday .
Ryanair has purchased another tranche of ordinary shares as part of its ongoing buyback scheme .
In a note to the Stock Exchange , the airline said it had bought back 586,500 shares for cancellation at the nominal value of €0.006 each . The average price paid per ordinary share was €17.90 .
Following the cancellation of the ordinary shares repurchased , the carrier said it will have nearly 1.2 billion ordinary shares in issue .
“ To the extent that further ordinary shares are repurchased under the programme , these will also be cancelled , ” it said .
The latest transaction was part of Ryanair 's existing share buyback programme , details of which were announced in May .
The scheme is being operated by Citigroup Global Markets and Davy in conjunction with the airline and will run until October 31st at the latest .
In May , Ryanair announced plans to return €600 million to investors through the buyback scheme . Last November , it commenced a €550 million buyback programme over a four-month period .
PARIS , Wis. -— Three Illinois men who were shot to death at point-blank range during a drag racing event in southeastern Wisconsin may have been targeted by a rival gang member but a lack of cooperation has stymied the investigation , sheriff 's officials said Monday .
The three were fatally shot as they stood near a concession area in the parking lot of the Great Lakes Dragaway near Union Grove about 7 p.m. Sunday , according to Kenosha County sheriff 's officials .
The victims were identified as David Watson , 30 , Khalid Howard , 30 , and Derek Edwards , 26 .
The shooter remains at large , Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said Monday . A lack of cooperation has made their detectives ' work harder , they added .
`` Some of the family members , some of the people involved , are not very cooperative with law enforcement . And , that 's making it more difficult to investigate this whole thing , '' Beth said on WTMJ-AM .
Beth said that one of the victim 's fathers is a high-ranking member of an Illinois gang and that all three victims were members of the same gang . All three victims are from the western suburbs of Chicago .
`` It appears that they walked up to the three that are now dead and basically shot them point blank . So they knew what their targets were , they shot two of them , the third one ran to the side of the tent they shot him , and then they came back up and fired a few more shots into the two that were laying there , '' Beth said . `` So there are multiple shots here and they had enough time and enough arrogance to go back up and make sure they were dead . ''
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died in an ambulance on the way to a hospital .
Willie Coleman says the three victims were buying food from their booth when the shooting happened . Coleman owns Baby Back Willie 's Barbecue in Milwaukee and has been coming to sell food at the drag strip for several years .
Coleman says on Sunday night , they were cooking at the grill when they suddenly heard between 12 and 14 gunshots .
`` We were putting cheese on the burgers and they walked right up to them and started shooting , '' said Coleman .
Beth urged any witnesses to the shooting to contact their department .
`` A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff 's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them , '' Beth said . `` So what I 'm hoping happens is someone who knows what 's going on or saw what happened will call us , give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this . ''
A woman who asked not to be identified told TODAY 'S TMJ4 that they were there with their family and was standing next to their car when a bullet flew by and struck them vehicle .
“ It 's crazy . It 's something you do n't expect . You come out here to enjoy time with your family and this is what happens . It 's sad , ” they said .
The shooter is described as a black man , between 20 and 30 years old , with black scruffy hair and the sides of their head shaved . Beth said Monday that they 've received conflicting reports of their clothing .
The sheriff 's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as `` Larry 's Fun Fest . '' The track 's website shows the event included drag racing , tailgating , live entertainment and a car show .
Paris is about 25 miles ( 40 kilometers ) south of Milwaukee .
Mahanagar Gas Limited ( MGL ) in association with M/s Eco Fuel launch CNG-powered scooters in Mumbai .
At the launch of this initiative , Honourable Union Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) for Petroleum and Natural Gas , Dharmendra Pradhan , said that more than 36 lakh scooters in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region ( MMR ) could opt for this facility . CNG-fueled vehicles have been on a steady rise in the MMR over the last year owing to their eco-friendly nature and cost-efficiency .
The CNG kit that is currently on sale features two cylinders with a capacity of 1.2 kg each . The numbers show that the vehicles can run approximately 120 km per kg of fuel which can be worked out to 60 paise per kilometre ; significantly lesser than an equivalent calculation with petrol . In the initial phase , the scooters will be retro-fitted with a kit from Lovato . Presently two kit manufacturers namely M/s ITUK and M/s Lovato have got two-wheeler CNG kits approved by ARAI , Pune and ICAT Gurgaon respectively . Lovato has got approval for 18 scooter models of various OEMs present in the market . After considering the potential in this market , other manufacturers are also expected to jump into the fray soon .
The current line-up of vehicles that are compatible with the kit include Hero Maestro , Duet and Pleasure , the Honda Activa and Dio , the Suzuki Access , LET 'S and Swish , the TVS Jupiter , Scooty Zest and Wego , the Yamaha Alpha , Fascino and Ray , the Mahindra Duro DZ , Gusto and Gusto 125 and the Vespa 125 .
The linear average distance across CNG stations in the MMR is as follows :
Western : 1.52 km
Central : 1.47 km
Navi Mumbai : 3.2 km
KDAB : 4.5 km
The newly-launched MGL Connect app helps customers locate the nearest fuelling station without hassle . We hope the trend catches on .
Related Posts via Categories
I do n't know if Troy Davis , who was executed Wednesday by the State of Georgia , was innocent . But I do know that the evidence demanding a re-examination of their conviction , including the recanted testimony of most of the witnesses against him , was overwhelming .
Of course , that 's now beside the point , which is exactly what is so wrong about the use of the death penalty . No matter what evidence of innocence might be produced in the future , it is of consequence no longer .
That 's one compelling argument against the death penalty — no room for correction — but there are others . The most egregious argument for capital punishment is the claim that the finality of officially condoned killing is a necessary guarantor of civilized order . It 's egregious because it 's not possible to make that case without explaining why most of the democratic societies that we admire shun the death penalty as contrary to their most deeply held values .
Or is it China , Iran , North Korea and Yemen — which , along with the United States , lead the world in government executions — that we most admire ? There 's something stunningly disgraceful about the company we keep on this issue .
Amnesty International is the world 's premier human rights organization , and it deserves high marks for its anti-death penalty campaign . Amnesty points out that more than two-thirds of the world 's nations have abolished the death penalty in law or practice . I defy anyone to compare the list of countries that have retained the death penalty with those that have abolished it and then conclude that it serves a needed purpose .
It 's obvious from the experience of those nations without the death penalty and our own 17 states that have banned capital punishment that this barbaric custom is not a necessary , let alone efficient , means for ensuring public safety . Due process in the United States , which claims to have an enlightened legal system , requires death penalty procedures that are costlier than appropriate incarceration .
Governments that cling to this primitive ritual of state-sanctioned murder do so not to induce respect for law but rather to indulge a lust for vengeance . Toward that end , it would be far more honest to have the bound prisoner stoned to death by the governors , state legislators , prosecutors and judges who support the death penalty rather than employ lethal injections by disengaged technicians . Forcing them to be the executioners in actual practice rather than as a matter of legal theory would compel a far greater sense of personal responsibility than politicians and some others tend to exhibit on the matter .
From my own experience as a journalist covering this issue , the vast majority of politicians who defend capital punishment do so out of rank opportunism , which they demonstrate — particularly when the conversation is off the record — by citing polling numbers rather than evidence of the death penalty as a capital crime deterrent .
As I waited for the news of Davis ' fate , my thoughts kept returning to that day in 1960 when we UC Berkeley students picketed the California governor 's office , pleading for a stay in the execution of convicted rapist Caryl Chessman , who was never accused of murder . It did n't come because Gov . Pat Brown , despite their deep reservations about the case , had succumbed to public opinion . I never imagined then that more than a half-century later , the death penalty would still be enforced . That it is mocks our claim to be a moral leader in this world .
It is appropriate that we grieve for the slain police officer , Mark MacPhail , but if Davis was not the one with the gun , as they claimed to the end , the true murderer will have gone unpunished , as suggested by Davis ' haunting plea to the MacPhail family minutes before they died : “ I did not personally kill your son , father , brother . All I can ask is that you look deeper into this case so you really can finally see the truth . ”
Execution is a means of summarily ending the pursuit of justice rather than advancing it .
This case was so freighted with contradictions that a stay of execution was clearly in order . As Amnesty International spokesperson Laura Moye said , “ Today Georgia did n't just kill Troy Davis . They killed the faith and confidence that many Georgians , Americans and Troy Davis supporters worldwide used to have in our criminal justice system . ”
— TruthDig.com editor-in-chief Robert Scheer ‘ s new book is The Pornography of Power : How Defense Hawks Hijacked 9/11 and Weakened America . Click here for more information . They can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce cares deeply about Aston Villa 's troubles and insists he 's ‘ ready to ride the storm ' .
The Villa boss knows he 's in a difficult moment after the claret and blues extended their winless run to eight games with defeat at home to Barnsley .
The play-offs are now a distant dream and unless the form improves Villa will be sucked into a relegation battle .
Bruce said : “ I 've been accused of not caring and my body language is supposed to be c * * * , ”
“ But it 's the best club and biggest club I 've had for 20 years although it 's arguably the toughest to turn around .
“ Given time I know for a fact I 'll get it right ,
“ It 's difficult at the minute .
“ Now we have to roll up our sleeves up and try to ride the storm , because there will be .
“ Every man and their dog will have their say but I 'm determined .
“ I know what 's required in this division , I 've been around it long enough .
“ But we 're short of it at the moment . ”
A UPS employee armed with an assault weapon opened fire Wednesday inside one of the company 's San Francisco packing facilities , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as employees fled frantically into the streets shouting `` shooter ! '' and police swarmed in , authorities and witnesses said .
Amid a barrage of gunfire , some workers sought refuge on the roof of the four-story facility , while others ran outside and pounded on the windows of a public bus , witnesses said .
`` They were screaming , 'Go ! Go ! Go ! ' '' said Jessica Franklin , 30 , who was riding s to work when the bus made a regular stop in front of the UPS facility . `` As they got on the bus , they were all ducking . ''
Two other United Parcel Service employees were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response in one of the city 's industrial neighborhoods , about two miles from downtown San Francisco , Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters .
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said the shooter was a company employee . A San Francisco Police Department official identified them as Jimmy Lam of San Francisco but had no immediate details on their background , noting the name is common in the San Francisco Bay Area and finding information required significant record searches .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing .
Officials , UPS employees and witnesses described chaos as shots rang out during a morning meeting before drivers were sent on their delivery routes .
Police have not yet released victims ' names but families and friends identified one of the people killed as 46-year-old Mike Lefiti , a UPS driver .
Lefiti 's cousin , Mack Toia , told KGO-TV ( http : //abc7ne.ws/2sch61d ) they were at the UPS facility waiting to pick up Lefiti when they heard shots . They left their van and saw their cousin sprawled on concrete behind a gate , Toia said .
`` The police officers were right on the scene just like that . I got to touch him , but I could n't hug him , '' Toia said . `` They just pushed me away because they were trying to resuscitate him . ''
Toia said they were able to tell Lefiti they loved him .
Co-worker Isaiah Miggins said they saw Lefiti , known as `` Big Mike , '' as they arrived for work just before 9 a.m. , a few minutes before the shooting started . `` He was a joyful man . Always happy , '' Miggins said .
On social media , heartbroken family members of Lefiti recalled them as a warm-spirited man devoted to their children and family . A photo on their Facebook page shows Lefiti in their brown UPS uniform holding a trophy . They also posted photos of their UPS truck and an award for 15 years of service to the company in 2015 .
Neighbor Raymond Deng said they heard up to eight gunshots .
`` They were all in rapid succession , '' said Deng , a 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse . `` It was like tat , tat , tat , tat , tat , tat , tat . ''
Police arrived in minutes .
`` This was a frightful scene , '' Chaplin said . They said officers found two victims outside and others inside and pulled the wounded to safety as they confronted the gunman , who was armed with an `` assault pistol . ''
`` The suspect put the gun to their head and discharged the weapon , '' Chaplin said , adding that police did not fire any shots .
Chaplin said police have not determined a motive and were interviewing families of victims and witnesses to piece together what led the gunman to act .
Mayor Ed Lee condemned the violence and praised authorities for a `` very proactive response . ''
`` It could have been worse , '' they said . `` Lives were saved today . ''
It was not immediately clear how many employees were at the facility , but UPS said the warehouse employs 350 people . The shooter and all the victims were employees , UPS said in a statement .
UPS driver Marvin Calderon told KNTV that they recognized the gunman as a fellow employee but did not know them personally .
`` I just started running out like crazy , like I 've never run before , '' Calderon told the TV station .
After the gunfire , auto shop owner Robert Kim said they saw `` a mob of UPS drivers '' running down the street screaming `` shooter , shooter . ''
Deng watched from their window in the Potrero Hill section of San Francisco as workers fled the building . They said another group of about 10 people gathered on the roof and held up their hands waving for help .
`` I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings , '' they said . `` It 's crazy . ''
The shooting occurred the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia , wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others .
On June 5 , SLO County voters will have the opportunity to vote for a candidate for Superior Court judge to replace the Honorable Barry T. LaBarbera , who is retiring .
The vast majority of the time , the governor appoints judges to our Superior Court bench upon the retirement of a sitting judge .
This year , Judge LaBarbera 's retirement coincides with the end of their six year term . As a result , SLO County voters will determine which candidate will fill this open seat in the primary election on June 5 .
In the race to fill Judge LaBarbera 's seat , one candidate is already doing the work of a judge every day : Commissioner Tim Covello .
Tim was appointed court commissioner by the local judges who observed their legal and administrative skills during a 25-year career in the local courts . They have been endorsed by 29 current and retired judicial officers , including two Justices of the California Court of Appeal .
A campaign for judge is different from all other campaigns .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website , apps , the digital newspaper and more . SUBSCRIBE NOW
Judicial ethics rules prevent a candidate for judge from voicing their or their opinion on political questions or stating how they or they might rule on particular issues . Instead , a judicial campaign focuses on the candidate 's experience and qualifications .
The commentary to the Code of Judicial Ethics states that sitting judges are permitted to endorse candidates for judicial office “ because judicial officers have a special obligation to uphold the integrity , impartiality , and independence of the judiciary and are in a unique position to know the qualifications necessary to serve as a competent judicial officer . ”
We have first-hand knowledge of Tim 's qualifications based on their work in the District Attorney 's Office and as a judicial colleague .
We believe that judicial experience , broad-ranging legal experience , and solid judgment are powerful reasons to vote for Tim Covello for judge .
Judicial Experience
Tim serves with distinction as a judicial officer in our court .
They make decisions every day in cases involving our county 's residents .
In their work for the court , Tim has proven themselves to be a hardworking jurist who is committed to public service and the mission of the court to administer justice fairly , efficiently , and effectively .
Legal Experience
Tim 's work experience , integrity , and work ethic are of the highest caliber .
As a criminal prosecutor , they successfully handled some of the most complex and serious cases that have been litigated in our community , including two capital murder cases .
The quality of their work and the breadth of their legal experience establish their credentials as an exceptionally capable and knowledgeable prosecutor .
As assistant district attorney , Tim worked tirelessly to develop policies and procedures to implement new laws and to improve overall operations of the office . These skills are equally important to the efficient administration of our court system .
Solid judgment
Tim Covello has earned our respect for their unwavering commitment to the cause of justice . They are thoughtful , analytical , and scholarly in their approach to legal issues .
They are open minded , fair , and dedicated to their work and to the public they serve .
They have shown both courage and humility in taking on some of the most difficult challenges a prosecutor can face .
They are exceptionally well qualified to serve as a Superior Court Judge , and we welcome the opportunity to have them join us as a colleague .
Barry T. LaBarbera and Charles S. Crandall are current judges of the Superior Court and previously both served as presiding judge ; Rita Federman is a current Judge of the Superior Court and previously served as a federal magistrate judge .
US Jobs And Wages Rise In January
The US labour market barrelled forward in January , as employers added more jobs than expected and wage growth was its strongest in more than eight years .
US payrolls expanded by 200,000 last month , driven by hiring in construction , food services and health care , the US Labor Department said .
The average hourly wage for private sector workers crept up 2.9 % compared to January 2017 .
The unemployment rate held steady at 4.1 % .
Economists have puzzled over lacklustre wage growth , which has lagged in prior months despite the decline in the unemployment rate .
Without higher wages , economists have warned that economic growth will be difficult to sustain , since consumer spending plays a large role in the US economy .
The Labor Department report , released on Friday , showed average hourly earnings for private sector workers rose 9 cents in January , to $ 26.74 . For the year , the increase was 75 cents .
The wage uptick coincided with mandatory minimum pay increases in 18 states . Major employers such as Walmart have also said they planned to boost earnings or provide bonuses .
Those factors may have helped lift last month 's numbers , but they make it harder to say if the increases will continue , said Lindsey Piezga , chief economist for fixed income at Stifel , based in Chicago .
“ While that is encouraging , what we really need to see is sustained wage growth , not one-off , month-to-month volatility , ” they said .
Other data in the report was a reminder that monthly gains can be fleeting .
For example , the unemployment rate among black workers jumped in January to 7.7 % , rising after falling to a record low of 6.8 % in December .
President Donald Trump had trumpeted that decline as evidence of economic improvement .
Slowing momentum ?
The US is now in its ninth year of expansion and has been adding jobs steadily since 2010 .
The increases in January occurred across most industries , a sign of solid growth .
The pace of hiring is slowing , however .
Over the last three months , payrolls increased by an average of 192,000 jobs , compared to over 200,000 in the same period the prior year .
“ I do n't think we should be too excited about this , ” said Ms Piezga .
“ The momentum of the US economy is waning . We 're still talking about positive growth , positive job creation , but at a slower pace . ”
Economists have said some slowdown in job creation is to be expected as new workers become harder to find .
Despite a relatively high number of job openings , participation in the labour force has remained stuck below 63 % , several percentage points lower than it was before the financial crisis .
US stock indexes slid after the report .
Analysts said part of the decline was due to investor reaction to the wage increase , which is likely to keep the Federal Reserve on track to raise interest rates – and could make policymakers move more aggressively .
The Fed is one of several central banks that are turning from policies that were designed to boost economic activity in the aftermath of the financial crisis .
As part of our ongoing “ Resist Trump ” effort , I 've created a new anti-Trump t-shirt that I call “ un-American. ” 100 % of the proceeds go to financing our work to fight the Trump agenda .
The shirt incorporates ~250 words describing the horror that is Donald Trump . From racist , sexist , and homophobe to pretty much anything you can come up with , I included it .
Buy your shirt here , only available for the next two weeks .
Here is a close-up of the design , and below is how the shirt looks from afar . The idea is to have it be a bit of a surprise as you get closer to the shirt .
We have six t-shirt colors , including : white , black , navy blue , sports grey , red , and brown . Shirt costs $ 20 each , with an additional charge for shipping . And 100 % of the profits go to support our work — as we sell more shirts , our margins grow .
This campaign will run for two weeks . I hope you like it , and thanks as always for your support . Get your shirt here ! And thanks as always , JOHN
With the election of Donald Trump , AMERICAblog 's independent journalism and activism is more needed than ever .
Please support our work with a generous donation . ( If you prefer PayPal , use this link . ) We do n't make much on advertising , we need your support to continue our work . Thanks .
Follow me on Twitter & Facebook :
Follow @ aravosis
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Norwegian 's plans for new transatlantic routes to help shrink costs
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa are watching Adama Traore closely this summer as Wolves and a number of other Premier League clubs weigh up moves for the winger .
Villa 's failure to defeat Fulham at Wembley has seen them resigned to a third successive season of Championship football .
The club 's colossal transfer outlay over the last two seasons , combined with its wage bill , has left them in financial strife .
Owner Dr Tony Xia has to ensure the club complies with Financial Fair Play regulations , which means sales are likely this summer .
Star man Jack Grealish is reportedly attracting interest from Spurs , Chelsea , Newcastle United and Everton as Villa prepare to cash in on their most valuable asset .
However , the claret and blues could be set for a cash boost from elsewhere .
Speculation is mounting on Teesside about the future of former Villa speed demon Traore , who starred in the Championship for Middlesbrough last season .
Traore 's five goals and 10 assists following Tony Pulis ' appointment in December has turned heads in the Premier League .
Chelsea have been linked with Traore in the past , Newcastle United boss Rafa Benitez is a keen admirer of their compatriot and now Wolves are said to be interested in the 22-year-old .
The price being mooted is £18-20million , but as much as £30million has been bandied around in previous transfer windows .
Whatever the fee actually is , Xia has previously explained how Villa will ‘ benefit ' from Traore 's development .
Tweeting on August 31 , 2016 , Xia said : “ We 'll also get benefits from Adama becoming great in the future as deal settled . ”
It 's understood that Villa inserted a sell-on clause in the deal to take Traore to Teesside two years ago and they could now be set to benefit .
Reports suggest that sell-on clause is 20 per cent which would see Villa benefit heavily if Boro cash in this summer .
That means that if Boro sell Traore for £20m - which appears to be the most likely figure - Villa would receive £4million .
£4million would be a vital boost in the short term for Villa who have taken out a series of loans to pay wages and tax bills in recent months .
Tony 's troubleshooters
Steve Round has become the latest high profile figure to be dispensed of at Aston Villa as Tony Xia continues to wield the axe .
Xia gambled on promotion in their first two seasons as owner by bankrolling whopping transfer deals and handing out big contracts – and it 's backfired .
The Chinese business person 's previously endless pot of money has seemingly dried up and the club has been forced to take out several emergency loans to pay wages and tax bills .
The wage bill needs to be reduced significantly while player sales are also imperative .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
With Round and Keith Wyness now out of the picture , and Xia predominantly based in China , the club is being run by the owner 's five allies . These are board member Tracy Gu , chief commercial officer Luke Organ , finance director Ian Hopson , head of legal Victoria Wilkes and the chairperson 's executive assistant Rongtian He .
Here 's a bit of background on each decision maker .
Tracy Gu
Gu lives in China and , according to records at Companies House , was appointed under the name Yanfang Gu to the Villa board in August 2016 following Tony Xia 's takeover of the club .
Xia has known them for some time and got them involved at Villa after being impressed with their impact as the vice president and HR chief of their conglomerate , The Recon Group .
Gu was at the press conference in Beijing in July 2016 when Villa 's associates got together to discuss their preliminary plans for the club .
Those who know Gu talk of a 'high-flying professional , respected for their passionate approach to work ' .
Before working for The Recon Group , they held a number of senior roles for a global Information Technology company .
Gu has worked as a director before and was involved in sourcing talented professionals to help improve certain areas of the business .
They speak fluent English as well as Mandarin .
Luke Organ
Organ 's expertise is primarily in marketing and they headed up the innovative new kit deal alongside Fanatics and local brand LUKE 1977 .
Villa 's crisis wo n't unsettle Organ , who was part of the team responsible for getting rugby club Wasps back on its feet .
Prior to their work with Wasps , Organ worked for the Lotus F1 Team and has experience from a number of other sport and leisure projects in the past .
Described as 'hard-working , efficient and likeable ' by those who have worked with him , he 's been known to get the job done in a friendly and affable way .
Organ also has links to China having worked there in the past .
Ian Hopson
Hopson is Villa 's head of finance and will be consulted on all financial decisions the club makes this summer .
Wolverhampton-based Hopson has been at Villa for over a decade having worked their way up through the ranks .
Prior to joining Villa Hopson worked for industrial gases company Air Liquide as a financial accountant .
Victoria Wilkes
Wilkes is an experienced lawyer and holds the role of head of legal at Villa Park .
She 's been in the role for precisely one year having previously worked in Birmingham city centre as a commercial lawyer for Squire Patton Boggs .
Wilkes spent eight years working with Squire Patton Boggs and has also worked with HSBC and Compass Group for a number of years previously .
Rongtian They
They - known as Ho - is a fine example of a superfan living their boyhood dream .
In 2003 , Ho wrote to Villa telling them of their desire to someday work for the club before saying ‘ I know this is unrealistic ' .
But 10 years later , a 25-year-old Ho landed the role of Asia Market Advisor with Villa just a few short months after completing a masters in Sport Management at Loughborough University .
Ho lists Lee Hendrie and Thomas Hitzlsperger as their Villa idols and watched on for the first time as Villa downed Chelsea to reach the semi-finals of the League Cup on 17 December 2003 .
Ho is Xia 's eyes and ears at Villa Park having been promoted to the role of executive assistant upon the owner 's arrival in B6 .
He 's often seen alongside Xia at the club 's training ground , and at matches .
The UCSB graduate is a partner in the firm of Nasif , Hicks , Harris & Co. LLP
Jody Dolan Holehouse , CPA CMA , has been elected to American Riviera Bank 's Board of Directors .
Holehouse is a partner in the firm of Nasif , Hicks , Harris & Co. LLP . They serve individual and business clients in tax planning and preparation , accounting and business analysis .
They began their accounting career with Sloan Technology Corporation . Them early public accounting experience was with Bartlett , Pringle & Wolf .
Holehouse is a past president and current member of the California Society of Certified Public Accountants-Channel Counties Chapter and the Institute of Management Accountants-Santa Barbara Chapter . They are also a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Western Pension & Benefits Conference .
Holehouse earned a bachelor 's degree with high honors from UCSB .
In the community , they are a past president of the Rotary Club of Santa Barbara Sunrise and Girls Inc. of Greater Santa Barbara . They are president of the Rotary Club of Santa Barbara Sunrise Charitable Foundation and a founding board member and chief financial officer of the San Marcos High School AAPLE Foundation .
“ We are fortunate to have Jody join our board , ” board chair Lawrence Koppelman said . “ As a successful businesswoman and local volunteer , Jody will further our outreach into the business community and provide valuable insight to our board . ”
— Michelle Martinich is senior vice president and chief financial officer for American Riviera Bank .
You could be tired of so many last-minute changes being made to your schedule . You might be best off looking the other way and considering the big picture . Consider doing some traveling to somewhere you have never been . Tonight : Be considerate of others ' feelings .
VIRGO ( Aug. 23-Sept. 22 )
One-on-one relating points to some obstacles . A loved one might not agree with you about an expenditure . You could have a difficult discussion , or you can let the topic go for now . You might find a more appropriate time for this conversation later in the week . Tonight : Out late .
LIBRA ( Sept. 23-Oct. 22 )
Others dominate the scene . You might feel pressured by a domestic matter that you ca n't seem to get past . Enjoy each person for what they or they offer . Do not feel intimidated by what anyone says . Recognize that you are transforming in your own way . Tonight : Say `` yes . ''
SCORPIO ( Oct. 23-Nov. 21 )
You could be in the mood for an intense discussion ; however , unexpected developments and a need for you to pitch in on a project might force you to postpone it for now . Know that this delay probably will be for the best . Tonight : Know when you are too tired to stay up late .
SAGITTARIUS ( Nov. 22-Dec. 21 )
Sometimes you just ca n't contain yourself . Though you might need to make an adjustment , you will show up at the right time at the right place . You have a lot on your mind , and might not want to share recent events . Perhaps you 're simply in the mood to play . Tonight : Live it up .
CAPRICORN ( Dec. 22-Jan. 19 )
You could feel unusually stressed out , to the point that you want to avoid a social gathering . You do n't mind having the limelight on you , but you would prefer not to play the role of host or hostess . Adjust your plans accordingly and do what you must . Tonight : Let the good times roll .
AQUARIUS ( Jan. 20-Feb. 18 )
Do not allow an uncomfortable feeling to dominate the moment . Relax with the moment , and let the issue go . You might find that those around you are so entertaining that you forget about whatever has been ailing you . Avoid getting stuck on one topic . Tonight : Swap jokes .
PISCES ( Feb. 19-March 20 )
Keep reaching out to a loved one who seems to be going through a lot . You might not be able to handle all the pressure around you . Someone close to you becomes demanding . Understand your limitations with this person . Tonight : Treat a friend to some dinner and fun .
BORN TODAY : Playwright Neil Simon ( 1927 ) , actor Gloria Stuart ( 1910 ) , singer/songwriter Bill Withers ( 1938 )
www.jacquelinebigar.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Celebrating ten years of the Marvel Cinematic Universe , Avengers Infinity War will see all your favourite heroes go up against their biggest threat yet - Thanos .
'The Mad Titan ' plans on wiping out half of all life in the universe and there 's no guarantee that anyone can stop him .
The latest Avengers film promises plenty of action and heartbreak as not everyone is getting out of this one alive .
When is set for release ?
Avengers Infinity War is set for worldwide release on April 27 but some cinemas are offering advanced screening tickets for April 26 .
Who stars in the film ?
The film , directed by Anthony and Joe Russo , features an ensemble cast including the like of Robert Downey Jr , Chadwick Boseman , Scarlett Johansson , Benedict Cumberbatch , Chris Hemsworth , Tom Holland , Gwyneth Paltrow , Chris Pratt and Josh Brolin .
So what 's it all about ?
More than 80 superheroes unite to battle the most powerful threat in the whole Marvel Universe , Thanos .
Thanos is hell bent on collecting all six infinity stones to fuel their own twisted reality , everything the Avengers have fought for have lead up to this moment .
What are the Infinity Stones ?
The six Infinity Stones are needed to be collected to form the Infinity Gauntlet . Once retrieved , the owner will have the ability to do anything and have total power . It will be a battle of the ages to decide who reigns supreme . So here are the infinity stones up for grabs :
Space Stone : Featured in the original Avengers film , the space stone was first contained inside the tesseract . It then made a cameo in Thor : Ragnarok and is now in the possession of Loki .
Mind Stone : After being used in Loki 's staff , the yellow rock appeared in The Avengers : Age of Ultron and is now embedded inside Vision 's forehead .
Reality Stone : The Collector was given the stone in Thor : The Dark World
The Power Stone : Locked up on Xandar under the protection of the Nova Corps following the events of Guardians of the Galaxy
Time Stone : Hangs around Dr Strange 's neck
Soul Stone : MIA at the moment - it 's whereabouts being sure to be revealed
Where are the heroes now ?
Scarlett Johansson , who plays the Black Widow , says Infinity War takes place two to three years after Captain America : Civil War . So here is where the superheroes were when we last left them ...
The last time we saw them , Captain America had rescued Scarlet Witch , Falcon , Ant Man and Hawk Eye from General Ross 's compound .
War Machine was recovering from their paralysed legs that occurred when Vision misfired while aiming for Falcon .
Bukky Barnes ( The Winter Soldier ) has been left frozen inside Wakanda , which is the home of T'challa aka the Black Panther
Black Widow has gone completely rogue , so is officially on the run and in hiding , to stay away from the government who is trying to capture them
At the end of Thor : Ragnarok , Thor , Loki and Hulk had Thanos 's ship lingering over them leading us directly to Infinity War .
Who is Thanos ?
Thanos ( played by Josh Brolin ) has super-strength and speed , can manipulate energy , and has telepathic and telekinetic abilities .
Their main objective is to obtain the Infinity Stones so they can achieve total power and bring the universe into balance by wiping out half of it .
After sending allies such as Loki and Ronan to go retrieve the stones , Thanos has now taken it into their own hands to retrieve them himself .
Is it worth watching ?
This film is set to be the biggest Marvel film to date . Sounds good enough to me !
Comedian and talk show host Steve Harvey ‘ s foundation is under fire for reportedly bogarting their business partner , TMZ reports .
Vincent Dimmock was allegedly promised 12.5 % of the $ 20 million they raised for the Steve & Marjorie foundation and was denied their commission .
Along with feeling duped in payment , Dimmock also claims Harvey never intended to hand over the funds in the first place . The plaintiff refers to a meeting back in May where Harvey introduced them to investors . In the uncomfortable meeting , Dimmock says Harvey placed blame on Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry for their financial woes , saying they gave them ‘ bad advice . ' They also passed the buck to President Barack Obama for their “ disastrous meeting ” with Donald Trump .
Dimmock claims Harvey 's financial troubles actually stemmed from Harvey 's PR debacles ranging from their meeting with Trump , to mocking Flint , Michigan lead poisoning victims , to making fun of Asian men .
TMZ caught up with Harvey 's agent , Todd Frank , who told the site , “ It sounds fake . Steve is the most loyal guy in the world . I 've never been stiffed on a commission from Steve Harvey in 21 years . ”
SOURCE : TMZ
RELATED LINKS
Steve Harvey 's Ratings Tank Following Public Trump Support
You Do n't Say ? Steve Harvey Says They Should Have Listened To Their Wife and Skipped Trump Meeting
Was It Revenge ? Steve Harvey Thought Their Mean Memo To Staff Was Funny Until Everyone Knew About It
2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple 's car . Here 's how they made it up to them . Pause
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast : Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability , Liberty Bowl
A new study suggests cannabis consumers tend to enjoy higher incomes , higher rates of volunteering , greater enthusiasm for spending time outdoors and more satisfaction with life in general .
These findings anchor the first installment of Cannabis Wellness Trends , a periodic and detailed look at cannabis consumers in legal states including California and Colorado by data firm BDS Analytics . A second installment of the study will look at trends in Washington and Oregon , along with other states .
The reports are based on the ‘ BDS Analytics Consumer Trends Survey , ' conducted online among 2,000 California and Colorado adults ages 21 years and older with a quota of 1,200 past-six-month marijuana consumers .
“ One theme that clearly emerges from the research is the overall healthy well-being of cannabis consumers… when compared to ‘ acceptors ' ( people who do not consume cannabis but might consider it ) and ‘ rejecters ' ( people who do not consume cannabis and would not consider it ) . ”
Read more of this story at Civilized
This story was first published on Civilized.Life
How to stand out in the mobile app store—in 6 steps
With the volume of apps out there , it can be tough to get noticed . But if you develop and present your apps well , you 've got a real shot .
Credit : geralt via Pixabay
You spend countless hours building a mobile app that works properly . Then you submit it to the app stores , it gets released , and … nothing happens .
App store optimization is a huge need for mobile developers , who need to work on discoverability and persuading users to download , says Amir Ghodrati , director of market insights at mobile app analytics firm App Annie .
The good news is that there are steps developers can follow to boost their chances to stand out in the app stores . Here are the six key steps you can take to get your mobile apps noticed . Notice how the first three happen while you 're developing your app ; it 's important to get the app right in the first place , because no one is fooled for long by lipstick on a pig .
Step 1 : Be mindful of performance , functionality , and security
About one in four downloaded apps are opened once and never used again . Either the app does not match its description or it simply does not offer compelling functionality .
A common deficit in mobile apps is when they do only what your company 's website already does . There should be a reason to use the app instead of the website , such as geolocation and easy digital payment like with Apple Pay or Google Pay .
It 's critical that an app work smoothly and appear secure . If the app comes across like an amateur project , users will not trust it . That 's especially true in sensitive areas like health and finance . “ People are absolutely freaked out if they 're doing something where they 're trying to transact something with finances , ” such as using a credit card , and the app goes `` glitchy , ” says Peter Blair , vice president of marketing at Applause , which crowd-tests mobile applications and devices . Once a trust is broken , it can take a long time to win back a consumer if the brand is not strong enough .
For security , encryption is particularly is important to have applied to the data in your apps .
Step 2 : Be aware of platform and geographical differences
Developers need to be aware that while users quickly adopt the latest version of iOS , the Android world is different . “ Almost no one is on the latest Android , ” Blair says . That fact matters greatly in how you design your app .
Having users on the same version of iOS makes it easier for developers , who do not have to worry about older versions of iOS not supporting new features , Ghodrati says . But Android apps ca n't depend on the latest Android features , since few users will have that latest version . Android apps typically should be optimized to a version from two , even three years ago .
1 2 3 Next Page
How would you like to go on the road with 2 Chainz ? ! Register for your chance to go on the road with 2 Chainz and take three of your friends along for the ride VIP style with backstage passes and all !
MIAMI SHORES , Fla. - A thief was captured on surveillance video burglarizing an SUV in Miami Shores , authorities said .
The burglary happened about 2:15 a.m. Monday in the 200 block of Northwest 93rd Street .
Police said the thief , who appears to be a teenager , entered the victim 's SUV through an unlocked passenger-side door and ransacked the vehicle .
They stole several items belonging to the victim , police said .
Anyone with information about the thief 's identity is asked to call Miami Shores police Detective P. Cazzola at 305-759-2468 or Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-8477 .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
An innovative weapon has been developed by Scientists in the battle against deadly hospital-acquired infections - a textile capable of disinfecting itself .
This is a close up of a Surfaceskins device showing the tiny valves that 'pump ' alcohol gel onto the surface . CREDIT Surfaceskins
Independent tests demonstrate that it can reduce bacteria levels by more than 90 % .
The Scientists aim to boost hand hygiene by integrating the specially-engineered textile in a device designed to be employed on hospital doors instead of the standard aluminum door plate , the part of the door that people push to open it .
The self-disinfecting device – called Surfaceskins - has been manufactured by a spin out company from the University of Leeds and is the result of seven years research and development .
Hospital doors are recognized as a key weak link in hygiene as the number of times people touch them .
It takes only one person with dirty hands to pass through a door to put everyone else who follows at risk of cross contamination .
Surfaceskins antibacterial door pads function by dispensing a tiny quantity of alcohol gel onto the pad when it is pushed , in order to disinfect the surface ready for the next person to use the door .
This cost-effective device , which combines three separate nonwoven textiles has been designed to be replaced after seven days or one thousand pushes , whichever comes sooner .
Surfaceskins antibacterial door pads are meant to provide an extra line of defense by helping clean hands to stay clean and are not meant to replace the strict handwashing rules in hospitals . Experts anticipate that Surfaceskins will bring about an increase in people 's awareness of the significance of hand hygiene .
A study on the effectiveness of the new technology has been recently published in the Journal of Hospital Infection .
During the beginning of the study , both the Surfaceskins and control aluminum door plates were inoculated with bacteria at levels discovered on the hands of hospital staff . As a conclusion , the study highlighted that the Surfaceskins door pads were more effective than traditional door plates over seven days in decreasing the levels of three bacteria that commonly cause hospital-acquired infections : E. coli , E. faecalis and S. aureus .
Our results suggest that Surfaceskins door pads can help to reduce the contamination of doors by microbes . They offer a new way to reduce the risk of the spread of bacteria and viruses in hospital environments and other settings where frequent contact with doors could undermine hand hygiene . Mark Wilcox , Professor of Medical Microbiology , The University of Leeds
Scale of hospital-acquired infections
Based on data published in 2014 by the National Institute for Care and Excellence or NICE , 300,000 patients in England get hospital-acquired infections on an annual basis .
The infections refer to increased treatment costs , estimated by NHS England to be around £1 billion annually , and put patients at risk of major harm .
Surfaceskins technology
The innovation behind Surfaceskins is protected by four patents . The device is attached into a plastic holster which is fixed to the door .
Surfaceskins comprise of a reservoir of alcohol gel and a membrane with small valves that dispense the gel onto the surface where it is pressed when opening a door , self-disinfecting it within just a few seconds .
Chris Fowler , Chief Executive of the spin out that has manufactued the device , said , `` Surfaceskins address a definite need , in a simple , effective and low-cost way . Designed to provide protection in many high-risk situations , the global market for Surfaceskins is immense . In addition to the successful NHS trials , many organisations outside healthcare have expressed serious interest in introducing these self-disinfecting products . Surfaceskins can play an important role wherever door users have an interest in maintaining clean hands . ''
A door handle has been developed by the company by using the Surfaceskins technology .
Surfaceskins are currently targeted at other industrial sectors where there is a requirement for meticulous hand hygiene such as in hospitality and catering . They could also be employed on cruise ships where the spread of bacteria can result in eruptions of sickness .
On the back of agreed distribution deals and successful trials , Surfaceskins Ltd is presently looking for £600,000 investment in order to expand their production capability and sales network at their Leeds-based facility .
Nonwovens Innovation and Research Institute Ltd
Surfaceskins is a partnership between the Nonwovens Innovation and Research Institute Ltd ( NIRI ) , a spin out company from the University 's School of Design , and two Industrial Designers , Adam Walker and Simon Scott-Harden .
NIRI helps companies offer new textile ideas to market or to advance or improve existing manufacturing processes or products .
NIRI , since its establishment 12 years ago , has recently relocated into bigger premises in Leeds City Centre and has successfully completed 400+ projects for more than 200 clients .
Nonwovens is a group of textiles developed by interlocking or bonding individual filaments or fibers together , and includes a variety of products including wound dressings , filters , military clothing , imitation fur and nappies .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
For the first time in a very long time , West Bromwich Albion have a selection dilemma on their hands after Jonny Evans returned to full fitness .
The former United man started on the bench in the clubs 2-2 draw with West Ham in their previous game , but is arguably the best defender at the club . There is a reason they are being tracked by the likes of Arsenal .
That leaves a problem for Tony Pulis . Gareth McAuley has played every single minute of Premier League football this year and , despite making a few mistakes , has been excellent .
On the other hand , Craig Dawson , who has had their chance recently in the heart of the defence after play at right back for the majority of their Albion career , has been undroppable .
Plus , Allan Nyom has been a revelation this season and Chris Brunt has made the left back position their own in recent weeks , so reverting to that would be a bad move .
Albion has the possibility of reverting to a three at the back system which would ensure all three centre halves can play .
It has been successful at times so far this season , but with the success of the season so far , such a drastic change would be a mistake .
Matty Phillips , Nacer Chadli have had the chance to express themselves as part of a front four with Salomon Rondon and James Morrison and have been a huge part of why Albion are currently eighth in the league .
Sacrificing one of these players to include another centre back would be a step in the wrong direction .
With a change of formation off the cards , the best thing the club could do at this moment in time is slowly incorporate Dawson at centre half in the place of McAuley .
They are about to hit their prime and can be a mainstay in the Albion side for years to come .
Dawson attacks the ball in the air and has improved on the when the team are in possession of the football .
They are comfortable with it at their feet and can bring the ball out of defence . Too often do the likes of McAuley and Jonas Olsson pump long aimless balls into the channel for Rondon to chase .
Dawson has been linked with a shock England call up after Gareth Southgate was rumoured to be watching him , so dropping them now would be a huge mistake . They have to be given that chance to shine .
An England space is on the line .
Ryan Mayer
Three weeks into the MLB season , and we 've already got our first no-hitter . And it came against an unlikely source . The Oakland Athletics are off to a solid start to the season , sitting at 12-11 and just 3.5 games back of the Astros in the American League West division standings . However , heading into this past weekend 's series against the Boston Red Sox , you would have been forgiven if you believed that Boston would dominate the A 's . The Red Sox had burst out of the gates to a 16-2 record prior to the series , and there was n't much that could seemingly slow down their bats .
Then , in stepped A 's lefty Sean Manaea . The 26-year-old had a solid debut season in 2016 before falling off a bit during last year 's campaign . To begin this season , Manaea was dominant , giving up just 5 earned runs through 27.2 innings pitched , while striking out 20 batters and giving up just four walks . In their Saturday start against Boston , they did even better , striking out 10 with just two walks and not allowing a hit through nine innings . It was their first career no-hitter and the first for the A 's since Dallas Braden threw a perfect game on Mother 's Day of 2010 .
There was some controversy in the game , as Red Sox outfielder Andrew Benintendi appeared to record a hit in the sixth inning , but they were ruled to have run out of the base path after instant replay . Manaea now owns a 1.23 ERA , which ranks fifth in the league so far this season .
The leader in that category is San Francisco Giants righty Johnny Cueto , who is experiencing a bounce-back season . Through four starts , Cueto has allowed just one earned run in 26 innings of work , while striking out 23 batters . In their Sunday start against the Angels , Cueto allowed just two hits and struck out seven , earning their second win of the season . They look well on their way to returning back to their career form after struggling through last season , when they posted their highest ERA since their first year in the majors .
For these and some of the other biggest stories from the past week of baseball , click on the video above .
High Surf Advisory
The National Weather Service in Honolulu has issued a High Surf Advisory for east facing shores of the Hawaiian Islands until 6 p.m. this evening ( Oct 6 ) .
Surf is forecast to be in the 5-8 foot range along east facing shores .
Coastal areas can expect strong breaking waves , shore breaks and strong longshore and rip currents making swimming difficult and dangerous .
Beachgoers , swimmers and surfers should heed the advice given by ocean safety officials and be careful . Know your limits and when in doubt , do n't go out .
Boaters should expect recreational surfers and bodyboarders using harbor channels to access surfing areas .
Small Craft Advisory
A Small Craft Advisory is in effect for Hawaii Island windward , leeward and southeast waters until 6 p.m. this evening ( Oct 6 ) .
The forecast is for winds and seas from the east at 15 to 25 knots and seas 6-10 feet in height .
A small craft advisory means that winds speeds of 25 to 33 knots and/or seas 10 feet or greater are expected to produce conditions hazardous to small craft . Inexperienced mariners , especially those operating smaller vessels , should avoid navigating in these conditions .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz , please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows . The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017 . Winner and runners-up will be displa ...
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It is easy to fall victim to a scam , especially when you are surfing the web looking for a bargain .
Now bogus online scammers are getting more and more sophisticated and their fraudulent activities are becoming more difficult to spot .
Here is a list of the latest scams to look out for , including warnings from Action Fraud :
Anthony Joshua fight tickets
Action Fraud is warning the public not to purchase tickets for the Anthony Joshua and Joseph Parker Heavyweight World title boxing match from some bogus websites .
Tickets for the blockbuster Heavyweight World title boxing match between Anthony Joshua and Joseph Parker went on sale officially a week ago ahead of the event live on Sky Sports Box Office on March 31 .
Tickets for the event are priced at £40 , £60 , £80 , £100 , £150 , £200 , £300 and £600 – with VIP tickets priced at £2,000 .
( Image : Richard Heathcote/Getty Images )
Tickets are on sale for the fight by the official ticketing partner Stub Hub - and not any other site . Some sites were selling tickets in advance and are bogus .
The Stub Hub website tells you everything you need to know about the fight taking place at Cardiff 's Principality Stadium and is the one to be trusted .
Last year Action Fraud launched a campaign which showed that more than 21,000 people reported falling victim to ticket fraud in the previous three years with a total loss of £17 million .
DVLA phishing scam
Motorists are being urged not to click the link on a bogus DVLA text message .
The 'tax disc ' car tax scam was reported by several Twitter users and they posted the offending text , reports The Sun .
The message said : `` FINAL REQUEST : DVLA Swansea have been trying to contact you , Click below for more information . ''
The link then uses the `` dvla.gov.uk '' domain in the web address - but eagle-eyed drivers will also notice the `` .pw '' extension .
This is the country code for Palau which gives away the fact the text is a `` phishing '' scam - and not from the DVLA 's Swansea HQ .
Phishing scams use mock official-looking website that ask you to enter data like bank details and addresses before stealing it .
The `` final request '' and mention of `` car tax disc '' in the web address hints that users may owe money on their car - despite the tax disc being abolished in 2014 .
The DVLA said : `` We are aware of a text/email scam , which wrongly claims to have been sent by DVLA , asking drivers to verify their driving licence and vehicle tax details via an online link and are currently investigating . Please delete it without clicking on any links . ''
Financial Ombudsman Service scam
Action Fraud is warning people to watch out for fraudsters claiming to be from the Financial Ombudsman Service .
Fraudsters claiming to be from the Ombudsman are cold-calling victims and telling them they have a cheque for a large amount of money from a compensation claim .
The victim is then told to buy an iTunes ( or similar voucher ) roughly to the value of £300 to ‘ release ' the compensation .
They then claim that a courier will collect it from their home address and that a cheque will be sent to them in the post .
The service , which deals with complaints from consumers about the financial services industry , is a free service for the public and it would never cold call households to ask for a fee in order to claim reimbursement .
If you think a call claiming to be from the Ombudsman is suspicious you can call the body directly on 0300 123 9123 .
Sainsbury 's phishing email
Fraudsters are sending out fake Sainsbury 's gift vouchers via email , with 15 reports received from members of the public .
The email claims that the intended victim was overcharged on a recent visit to the supermarket and offers the gift card as compensation .
However , when users click the link to get to the promised gift vouchers , they are led to a website that could potentially defraud them .
Reports to Action Fraud have said the emails look genuine by using the victim 's first name . They 're signed by Mia Chadwick of Customer Services .
How to spot a scam The UK lost £2 million a day last year as a result of fraud , according to official Financial Fraud Action UK figures . To help people protect themselves , here are top tips from Action Fraud , Get Safe , NordVPN and Norton Antivirus to keep you safe , reports the Mirror : Suspicious text messages Be wary and be vigilant : You should be suspicious of clicking any link in a text that asks you to 'verify ' or update your account details .
Use a contact number you trust : If you 're suspicious of a text message asking you to get in touch with your bank , only call a number that you know is genuine ( such as the one on the back of your card ) .
Know what your bank would never ask : Remember that a genuine text or call from your bank will never ask you to transfer money from your own account to a new one for ‘ fraud reasons ' , or ask you for your four digit pin . Cold calls Do n't assume anyone who has called your phone or left you a voicemail message is who they say they are .
If a phone call or voicemail offers you a deal , asks you to make a payment or log-in to an online account , be cautious .
If you call back , try to use a different line as some scammers keep the line open on their side to trick you .
If in doubt , check it 's genuine by asking the company it claims to be yourself . Never call numbers or follow links provided in suspicious emails ; find the official website or customer support number using a separate browser . Emails to be wary of Spelling mistakes are a common tell-tale sign of a fraudulent email .
Be aware of any emails and pop-up windows asking you to click on a link or provide personal information directly in response .
A genuine email will only ever address you by your full name at the beginning – anything that starts ‘ Dear customer ' should immediately raise your suspicions .
Do not reply , click on links or open any attachments that arrive with the email . Social media scams Be skeptical . Just because you see it on your feed does n't necessarily mean it is true . Someone may have fallen for it already .
Always check the link before clicking . You can do that by either hovering over the link or looking directly below the link itself on the Facebook post , which shows the referring website 's URL .
Be very suspicious when there is a call to action before being able to view the content . Actions such as having to share the media before viewing or take a survey are all huge red flags . Dodgy websites Get protected : Before you start shopping online , secure your device with anti-virus software or a firewall . This will help block out pop-ups and hackers .
Check the URL : Only use secure websites for purchases , never buy anything from a site that does not have ‘ https ' at the start of the URL and also look for the icon of a locked padlock at the bottom of the screen .
Is the deal too good to be true ? Do n't be seduced by “ bargains ” from companies which you do n't know , if something appears too good to be true , it probably is .
Only shop with companies you know and trust : Watch out for fake websites . You can tell by checking the URL of the website , it may have a different spelling or a different domain name that ends in .net or .org .
Shop from home : Using public WiFi hotspots such as those offered by coffee shops and libraries could leave you vulnerable . If it does n't wait until you get home use your own 3G/4G network . Investment scams Reject unsolicited contact about investments .
Before investing , check the FCA Register to see if the firm or individual you are dealing with is authorised and check the FCA Warning List of firms to avoid .
Get impartial advice before investing .
Fraudulent emails that pose as a high-street name usual have poor-quality spelling , grammar , graphic design or image quality . They may use odd ‘ spe11lings ' or ‘ cApiTals ' in the email subject to fool your spam filter .
When a fraudulent email such as this asks you to follow a link , the website or email address usually does n't look right . Authentic website addresses are usually short and do n't use irrelevant words or phrases .
If you receive an email offering Sainsbury 's gift vouchers :
A woman in suburban New York has gone on a racist tirade on a bus , attacking “ illegal immigrants ” . Picture : YouTube
A woman in suburban New York has gone on a racist tirade on a bus , attacking “ illegal immigrants ” . Picture : YouTube
A NEW YORK woman was caught on camera going on a racist rant - spewing off the N-word at passengers on a local bus .
`` I hope you all got your motherf * * king papers , '' the unidentified woman yells to Transport of Rockland passengers on Saturday , according to video that rider Zoe Mac posted on Facebook , the NY Post has reported .
`` I 'm sick of you motherf * * kers ! You got papers to be in this country ? '' they say , standing toward the back of the bus and holding on to a pole .
Mr Mac said they were heading home from work when the belligerent passenger unleashed their tirade on them and others .
`` Ignorance at its finest … racism never died and this is what people like me and who can relate go through… , '' they captioned the video .
In another clip of the verbal assault , the unhinged woman yells , `` F * * k you and your n * * * * r f * * king people ! ''
A woman unleashes a tirade of racist invective on a suburban New York bus . Picture : YouTube
And in yet a different video , the combative commuter tells someone to `` go back to your f * * king country . ''
As the target of their tirade asks them to please stop , they get up again and says : `` First of all , in this country , we have what 's called the First Amendment right , '' before becoming enraged when they notice Mr Mac filming them and proceeds to knock their phone out of theirs hand .
`` Stop ! Stop ! Do not hit anybody ! '' the other passengers yell , as a slap can be heard off camera .
Someone else pleads with an unidentified person to `` grab your mother , that is your mother , please grab her , '' before a man can be seen dragging them back to their seat .
`` More footage of me being discriminated on , they even did it to the bus driver , '' Mr Mac wrote in the caption .
Another passenger , Vladimir Philidore , said the woman became unglued for no apparent reason and confirmed that they directed their ire at the bus driver first , before turning on the passengers .
The woman defended their rant under the First Amendment , which protects freedom of speech . Picture : YouTube
`` She 's just going at the mouth , with the racial slurs . The N-words , '' Mr Philidore told Westchester 's News12 .
`` Some people were scared , especially the elderly people , '' they added to PIX11 .
The bus driver called the authorities and the local police arrested the woman .
Police , who did not release the woman 's name because they were only charged with violations , said they also had to deal with them earlier in the day for the same type of vile conduct , according to the Mount Pleasant Daily Voice .
`` Yesterday some unhinged racist went on a mini-rampage of sorts on Transport of Rockland bus as it was passing through Orangetown , creating a disturbance by physically and verbally attacking passengers and the bus driver , '' wrote Orangetown town Supervisor Chris Day in Facebook post .
When they realised that they were being filmed , the woman got up and slapped the phone out of the passenger 's hand . Picture : YouTube
`` Her behaviour is forever enshrined on the internet among the great idiots of our time , '' they added .
`` I hope they learn a lesson in appropriate behaviour and tolerance from the experience as they are recognised on the street as 'crazy racist lady from the bus ' for the next several years of their life . ''
This article was first published in the NY Post and is republished with permission .
