Former Quebec transport minister Robert Poeti announced Wednesday they will not be seeking reelection in the provincial elections this October .
. @ robertpoeti is the 6th Liberal minister to not run again . 7 other ministers have not yet announced their intentions . # polqc # 2018QCElexn — Raquel Fletcher ( @ RaquelGlobal ) May 30 , 2018
The minister for integrity in public procurement and for information resources made the announcement on their Facebook page .
READ MORE : Robert Poëti reflects on being shuffled out of cabinet , wanting to make a difference
They were first elected as the MNA for Marguerite-Bourgeoys in 2012 .
Poëti was later named minister of transport from 2014 to 2016 .
READ MORE : Big changes as Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard shuffles cabinet
They were shuffled out of cabinet after speaking about their concerns when it came to the awarding of government contracts .
Several other members of the Liberal Party have also announced they will not seek reelection , including Tourism Minister Julie Boulet , Immigration Minister David Heurtel , Public Security Minister Martin Coiteux , Justice Minister Stephanie Vallée and Jean-Marc Fournier .
Bournemouth captain Simon Francis has signed a one-year contract extension to keep them at the Vitality Stadium until the end of 2019-20 season , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
REUTERS : Bournemouth captain Simon Francis has signed a one-year contract extension to keep them at the Vitality Stadium until the end of 2019-20 season , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
The 33-year-old defender , who had one year remaining on their previous deal , has made 286 appearances for the Cherries since arriving from Charlton Athletic in 2011 .
Advertisement
`` The most important thing was to retain our Premier League status for another year and then once that was achieved it was a chance to sit down and discuss things , '' Francis told the club website http : //www.afcb.co.uk .
`` It all happened fairly quickly because negotiations do n't take too long when a player wants to stay at the club . ''
Eddie Howe 's Bournemouth finished 12th in the Premier League with 44 points to secure a fourth consecutive campaign in top-flight football .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru ; editing by Ken Ferris )
Advertisement
Illustration : Chelsea Beck ( GMG )
Most people 's only association with sex clubs are the creepy scenes from Eyes Wide Shut . But sex clubs can actually be quite varied , and a lot of fun .
Sex clubs are , like the name implies , clubs where people go to have sex . They 're often styled like a typical nightclub , with room for socializing and dancing , but usually include more private areas with beds and other props for sex play . Sometimes temporary sex clubs are hosted in private residences .
Some people enjoy the exhibitionistic thrill of having sex in front of other people . Others enjoy the voyeurism of watching people have sex . Some couples go to sex clubs to play with each other , while others go to play with strangers . Some parties are designed around a certain theme , like a masquerade ball or bondage .
Here 's everything you need to know about visiting your first sex club .
Research Your Options
Sex clubs are more plentiful than most people think . If you live in or near any medium to large city , you 'll probably be able to find a sex club . Google is your friend here , but if it does n't pull anything up , another option is to visit your local sex shop and ask if they know of any places .
Advertisement
Certain sex clubs also require you to go through an application process before you 're allowed through the doors . You may need to submit a written application , photos of yourself , or even do an interview . It 's worth doing your research in advance , so you can make sure you have the time to go through any necessary steps or pre-screening .
Familiarize Yourself with the Rules
Most people are surprised to learn that sex clubs are actually pretty regimented places . They 're not wild free-for-alls . If it 's a good sex club , the management cares about creating a safe , welcoming , sexy place for people to let loose , so they create detailed guidelines for club etiquette .
Advertisement
Most clubs will have a website where the rules are listed in detail . If not , you can always email or call the club and ask . In particular , you should find out :
If you need to bring anything , like a picture ID .
What the dress code is . Some clubs are strict about this .
If nudity is mandatory , or if you 're allowed to keep all or some of your clothes on .
What specific activities are and are n't allowed . For example , some clubs wo n't allow masturbation in certain places .
If different rules apply to different areas of the club . Sometimes certain areas will be designated play zones , and other areas are for socializing .
What you are and are n't allowed to bring with you . For example , if you can bring your own toys .
If singles are allowed , or if it 's couples only .
If there 's a certain event or theme during the night you want to visit . You do n't want to be surprised by a bondage night if that 's not your thing .
If phones are allowed . Most places will ask you to check them , or will cover your camera lenses .
Advertisement
Some clubs even give tours or meet-and-greets for newbies , so you may want to ask about that too .
Make Friends with the Staff
If you 're feeling nervous about being at the club your first time , spend a few minutes chatting up the hosts , bar staff , or security . Party organizers want their guests to have a good time , so they 'll do their best to set you at ease . It 's also good to be familiar with security , just in case you need to speak with them about a poorly-behaved guest .
Advertisement
Figure out Your Own Rules , Too
If you 're going solo or with a friend , think about what activities you 'd feel comfortable participating in . A sex club is not a once-in-a-lifetime experience ; you can always go back . Do n't pressure yourself to do anything before you feel ready . If you 're feeling nervous , you can decide that you 'll only watch the first time , or only engage in a little light petting . Plenty of people take it slow their first few times .
If it 's your first time going to a sex club with your partner , you definitely want to have a lengthy conversation about what activities are on and off the table . For example :
Are you going to fool around together in front of an audience , or are you going to play with other people too ?
Are you going to play together the whole time , or can you each slip off privately ?
If you hook up with other people , what activities are you allowed or not allowed to do ?
Are you leaving together , or with other people ?
You should also decide on a safeword or signal that either of you can use if things are getting too intense or you simply need a breather . And it 's probably a good idea not to go to a sex club if you 're going through a rough patch in your relationship .
Advertisement
Bring Your Own Gear
Most sex clubs will provide condoms and lube , but they may not be the greatest quality . I recommend bringing your own condoms , lube , dental dams , or gloves . If the club allows it , you may also want to bring your own sex toys or props in a small bag .
Advertisement
Always Ask for Permission
Even though sex clubs can be wild and kinky , that does n't mean they 're without boundaries . In fact , people who identify as part of a kinky community tend to be far more tuned into the importance of consent than most people . Showing up at a sex party does n't mean a person consents to doing anything and everything . If you want to touch someone , ask first . If you want to watch someone up close , ask first . If you want to dive headfirst into the middle of an orgy , ask first .
Clean Up After Yourself
This might sound like a silly guideline to include , but cleaning up after yourself is just good sex club etiquette ! Think of it like the gym ; wipe down any surface that your skin has come into contact with . Many clubs typically have wipes , but you may want to bring a little travel pack of your own .
Advertisement
Check in with Yourself and Each Other
Sex clubs can be incredibly erotic , and they can also bring up big emotional reactions . Give yourself the space and permission to feel whatever feelings might come up for you . If you 're with a friend or partner , you may want to arrange beforehand to have a check-in time at a specified time and location , just to see how you 're each doing .
The Talking Heads played the Paradise Theater on this night in 1978 . Currently , what is the band 's biggest selling album in the U.S. ?
ANSWER : The live album “ Stop Making Sense ”
What else happened on this day in rock n ' roll history ? Here 's the Rock N ' Roll Diary for August 15th , from the College of Classic Rock Knowledge – 100.7 WZLX !
1965 : The Beatles performed in front of 56,000 people at Shea Stadium in New York . That event set a record for concert attendance at that time .
The Beatles performed in front of 56,000 people at Shea Stadium in New York . That event set a record for concert attendance at that time . 1969 : The three-day Woodstock music festival began today on a farm in upstate New York . The event drew 400,000 , creating massive traffic jams in every direction and becoming the most celebrated rock fest in history .
The three-day Woodstock music festival began today on a farm in upstate New York . The event drew 400,000 , creating massive traffic jams in every direction and becoming the most celebrated rock fest in history . 1980 : George Harrison published their autobiography “ I Me Mine ”
George Harrison published their autobiography “ I Me Mine ” 1989 : Brad Delp of Boston jumped onstage at a Ringo Starr show at Great Woods to help the ex-Beatle perform “ Get Back . ”
Brad Delp of Boston jumped onstage at a Ringo Starr show at Great Woods to help the ex-Beatle perform “ Get Back. ” 2000 : David Bowie and wife Iman celebrated the birth of their first child Alexandria .
David Bowie and wife Iman celebrated the birth of their first child Alexandria . 2009 : U2 played Wembley Stadium in London and set an attendance record of 88,000 . With the stage set in the middle of the stadium on their ‘ 360 tours , ' more seats in the grandstand could be sold .
Checking the WZLX ticket stash…
Flooding is causing trash to pile up in a Cape Coral neighborhood
Trash has been piling up for weeks in a Cape Coral neighborhood just north of Santa Barbara and Pine Island .
Neighbors say the roads are under construction , and with all the rain , it is making the roads muddy , and impassable .
Neighbors are saying the muddy roads mean trash has n't been picked up , and they have n't received their mail in weeks .
“ It 's been a real disaster , ” said Cape Coral resident Bob Doka . “ They have n't picked up our garbage in three weeks . ”
Doka says the city told the entire neighborhood that they have n't picked up the garbage because of the storm .
“ They said it was the storm , but the storm , the garbage has n't been picked up in three weeks and the storm was this weekend , ” Doka said . “ So , what 's really the excuse ? ”
Doka says that the garbage has been out on the streets for so long , maggots started infesting the rotten food .
“ I used a whole bottle of insect repellent on the trash can because the maggots were climbing on it , and the flies are flying , ” Doka said . “ Every time I open the garbage , the flies fly into my garage , into the house . It 's horrible . ”
Neighbors say the construction started in March , and it was to install sewage and water lines .
“ They 're working on it , but last week it was just about impassable , ” Doka said . “ I was sinking . My wife has a small car , it almost did n't make it down the road . ”
Doka says the city did put gravel on the road to help residents drive by , but it was all pushed to the side .
Some neighbors say they have resorted to taking their garage to work so it wo n't pile up on the road anymore .
The road closures are also causing residents to pick up their mail at the post office .
WINK News reached out to the City of Cape Coral for more information on the trash pick up but have not heard back .
Reporter : John-Carlos Estrada
Writer : Emily Ford
Collier mother of daughter killed by distracted driver advocates for stricter laws
Kristin Murphy , losing their daughter Chelsey to a distracted driver in 2010 , pushes through the pain to promote safe driving policies .
“ ( It 's ) still very raw but what keeps me going is maybe saving a life , ” Kristin said .
Chelsey was crossing at the intersection of Airport Pulling Road and U.S. 41 when they were hit and killed by an 18-year-old driver using their phone at the time of the crash .
“ Our generation of children they had cell phone before they had cars so they think they have this — they think they 're pros —they 're not , ” Kristin said .
April is Distracted Driving Awareness Month , a time where Kristin said they hope to raise awareness and reach people behind the wheel through . They work with an organization called , Stop Distractions , in an effort to promote tougher texting and driving laws .
“ It gets the word out we remind the public we remind them every single year in April what can happen , ” they said .
The sheriff 's office said deputies investigated 775 distracted driving cases in the last six months .
“ I say to everybody , …'do you want to be the one that is watching your child be lowered to the ground , ' ” Kristin said . “ It 's going to happen if they do n't put down their cell phones . ”
Kristin said she 'll continue efforts pushing for change in November to make the intersection safer .
Reporter : Hannah Vogel
Writer : Rachel Ravina
“ Maybe there was more pressure on Leo in that match , but I still knew I had to prove myself , ” Morgan said . “ I had to come back after losing that first set and I felt confident that I could rally to win it all . You come in a little nervous , but you have to find a way to stay composed and think about the things you need to do in order to be successful . To go out and win league was something special . ”
Chairman Senate Committee on Culture and Tourism , Chief ( Mrs. ) Fatima Olufunke Raji Rasaki , was one of the successful global students who passed the Harvard Kennedy Executive Education Training Programme held in Cambridge , Massachusetts , United States and where they bagged a Certificate in Leaders in Development .
Sen. Raji Rasaki who joined other world 's executive students at acquiring knowledge under the mentorship and tutelage of the Centre for Public Leadership , Harvard Kennedy School , was conferred with a Fellow of the School having successfully passed the examination and participated actively at every session .
The 2018 set has the singular opportunity of being tutored by past presidents , faculty leaders and researchers who took those courses in leadership , followership perception , policy formulation , implementation and assessment .
The former President of Ecuador , Jamil Mahuad , one of the lecturers , commended Sen. Raji Rasaki for their diligence and studiousness noting that ‘ she has demonstrated a rare quest for educational advancement and comprehension of concepts . ”
Sen. Raji Rasaki gave glory to God almighty for opening the door for the study , saying , “ Coming to study at Harvard Kennedy is a great opportunity for me .
“ It is another milestone in my life and a purely mental refurbishing adventure which has opened my intellectual horizon beyond the micro level of thinking and reasoning ” .
They also revealed , “ Harvard Kennedy Executive Education leverages you with intercontinental and global reservoirs of knowledge which is opened in a very conducive educational environment that stokes the vibrancy of your cognitive acumen ” .
“ The lecturers here are world past leaders and seasoned global researchers who opened ones mental plate for one to understand what essence of leadership , what it entails , the role of leaders viz–a viz followers and the need for a platform for leaders and followers to rub mind ” .
“ This study is invaluable . It is necessary for one to always engage in the intellectual laundry of their mental plate . I am better off than before . The reasoning faculty has been richly laundered and sharpened .
“ My vision and focus have been honed . It will be to the advantage of me , my state , the nation and my work at the Senate . ”
“ The Centre for Public Leadership ( CPL ) engaged us in leadership development ( LD ) programmes that create opportunities for us to practise and apply leadership concepts learnt from the Harvard Kennedy School context in our different milieu and communities .
“ The co-curricular programmes which include activities designed to promote experiential leadership , peer-learning , deliberate and intentional self-reflection , and the cultivation of critical leadership competencies will enable us to lead and impact the communities where we serve . It is a new deal , ” they said .
FSU Women 's basketball moves to 2-2 in CAC conference play and 6-4 overall following their win this past Saturday against St. Mary 's , 70-56 .
The Bobcats rebounded from two losses earlier in the week with this victory before heading into a bit of a break .
Frostburg dominated the majority of the game as St. Mary 's largest lead came in the second quarter as Seahawks led by 4 . The Bobcats carried momentum and earned 26 points off turnovers .
The Bobcats the largest lead came in the fourth quarter as they led by 17 with only 1:35 remaining in the game .
Frostburg led at half 36-32 . The Bobcats had 3 blocks and gathered 17 rebounds .
Sophomore Amanda Emory led the team in blocks with 3 , followed by Sydney Stotler with 2 .
Sophomore Victoria Diggs led the Bobcats offensively with 14 points as they went 7-12 on the afternoon . They also picked up 3 rebounds and 1 assist . Stotler had 6 points and 1 rebounds while first-year Kayla Wilson put away 5 points , with 1 assist and 1 rebound .
The Bobcats return to action on December 30th as they take on Waynesburg at 1:30 at home .
Posted Today , 09:12 PM
Someone will inevitably price match and do this and end up with two of Rabbids/Origins/Fractured for $ 30~
By SAM CATANZARO| A drowning occurred off the Venice Pier early in the morning of Saturday , May 19 with law enforcement officials still working out details of the incident .
“ A possible Latino man in a tee shirt , jeans and boots was seen walking out on the pier about 6:15 a.m. , ” said eyewitness Dru Lewis . “ Soon after there were reports of a body floating next to or under the end of the pier . ”
According to Captain James Roberts of the Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) Pacific Division , the radio call was generated at 7:05 a.m. and the LAPD determine that there was “ no initial evidence of foul play. ” A possible drowning or suicide is being considered .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ At 0705 hours a radio call was generated at 2300 Ocean Front Walks for a possible deceased person floating in the ocean near the Venice Pier , in public view from the pier , ” Roberts told Yo ! Venice .
Video footage obtained by Yo ! Venice plus an eyewitness account of the incident show a lifeguard paddling out to retrieve the body on a rescue board . The lifeguard then puts the body on the board and while they swim alongside .
“ He pulled the body on to their paddleboard . Soon after two additional lifeguards on paddleboards came out and they were able to start CPR to no avail , ” Lewis recounted . “ LAFD Lifeguard 's Baywatch boat came on the scene to pick up the deceased followed by the LA County Sheriff boat . ”
Captain Roberts told Yo ! Venice that after the lifeguards put the body on their boat , the LA County Sheriff boat came to transport the victim to the sheriff 's station since the water is the sheriff 's jurisdiction . Yo ! Venice reached out to the Sheriff 's office requesting more information and they have not responded yet . More information will be published when it becomes available .
To see the video footage of the body retrieval visit the YoVenice ! online version of this article .
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers , a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends .
The report , Cannabis Legalization and Regulation , also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services , and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old .
“ The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians , ” Camille Quenneville , CEO of CMHA Ontario , said in a statement Monday . “ When taken together , our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue . ”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018 , CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward .
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens .
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot , especially for youth and heavy consumers “ ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions , ” as well as extensive public education campaigns .
The “ most concerning ” issue is driving high , with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana , the report says .
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment , it says .
“ Because the technology to detect an individual 's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time , CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition , ” the report says . “ A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle , and any passengers in the car . It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use . ”
While the Canadian Medical Association , which represents the nation 's doctors , called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21 , CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19 .
“ Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people , ” the report says . “ However , there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources . Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market , and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it . ”
aartuso @ postmedia.com
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
4 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Far from the Las Vegas Strip and its flashy hotels , a small healing park opened Friday in the north of Las Vegas , as communities shaken by Sunday 's horrific mass shooting join together to grieve .
LAS VEGAS : Far from the Las Vegas Strip and its flashy hotels , a small healing park opened on Friday ( Oct 6 ) in the north of Las Vegas , as communities shaken by Sunday 's horrific mass shooting join together to grieve .
One of its creators , landscape architect Mark Hamalmann , said it is a `` remembrance garden , '' featuring 58 trees planted along a small paved walkway . In the middle , there is a large oak tree representing the `` tree of life , '' while American flags adorn a wooden fence .
`` Everything here is donated by local companies , everyone here is a volunteer , and it 's just amazing how it 's come together , '' Hamalmann , who oversaw the garden 's construction , told AFP .
In the healing park , they explained , everyone is welcome to walk , sit and reflect on the benches , or leave messages on a wall of remembrance .
And there is little doubt healing is what Las Vegas needs .
Fifty-eight people died and nearly 500 were injured when 64-year-old Stephen Paddock opened fire on an outdoor country music festival - an act that investigators are still at a loss to explain - before taking their own life .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Since the shooting , `` I ca n't sleep . I think probably the adrenaline is still running and I ca n't wrap my brain around what I saw , '' said Dori McKendry , a driver for rideshare startup Lyft .
McKendry was parked in front of the Mandalay Bay hotel Sunday night when Paddock started shooting from their 32nd-floor room .
Admitting they currently have a `` mental and emotional feeling of insanity , '' McKendry said they have offered free rides to victims ' families to help process what happened .
Thomas Fadden , who survived what was the deadliest shooting in recent US history , said it was scary `` not to know who your neighbor could be . ''
Paddock , a retired accountant and high stakes gambler , lived quietly in the small town of Mesquite , Nevada , north of Las Vegas . Their neighbors , their family and even their girlfriend said they had no clue about what they were about to do .
`` A MARATHON ''
Several clinics in Las Vegas have organised counseling sessions for people struggling since the shooting , including survivors , relatives or simply those suffering from anxiety in the wake of the atrocity .
At the University of Las Vegas ( UNLV ) , a clinic was set up at The Practice , where psychology students are trained .
Some who seek help `` want to talk and share , '' while others `` will feel pretty constricted and not be ready , '' director Michelle Paul said , adding it 's important to `` provide a sense of security , safety , comfort , basic problem-solving , '' to disoriented patients .
`` What we try to do is work collaboratively with clients and try to figure out for them , what 's going on for them , normalize that , and then also help them come up with some positive coping strategies , '' they explained .
For psychologist Daniel Filacora , of private clinic Bridge Counseling , talking about the details of traumatic experiences helps disconnect negative emotions from the event .
`` Telling one 's story , especially in such a dramatic event , is important to differentiate between what really happened and the negative emotions attached , '' they said .
It is even more important in Las Vegas , a world-famous party hotspot where an attack on a large gathering of 20,000 people is `` particularly traumatic , '' they added .
`` At a community level , we 're obviously more traumatized because it is in our community now , '' added Michelle Paul .
As a result , they say , getting life back to normal in Las Vegas will be a `` marathon , not a sprint . ''
BERLIN : Germany 's interior ministry is already working on preparing agreements with other European Union countries to return refugees to the countries in which they first registered their asylum claims , a ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday .
Interior Minister Horst Seehofer is due to travel to Vienna on Wednesday , where they will hold talks with Austria 's Chancellor Sebastian Kurz , and Hungary 's Prime Minister Viktor Orban is scheduled to meet Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin .
Advertisement
Ministry spokesperson Eleonore Petermann added that there was as yet no timetable for the signing of any agreements .
( Reporting by Thomas Escritt ; Editing by Michael Nienaber )
Alexis Sanchez scored their first goal for new side Manchester United on Saturday on their first appearance at Old Trafford , netting the second against Huddersfield .
The Chile international saw their penalty saved in the 68th minute but they scored when the ball came back off goalkeeper Jonas Lossl .
Sanchez , 29 , joined United from Arsenal during the January transfer window , with Henrikh Mkhitaryan moving in the opposite direction .
The forward impressed in their first outing for Jose Mourinho 's team in last week 's FA Cup tie away to lowly Yeovil but was quiet in United 's midweek defeat by Tottenham at Wembley .
The Clippers were universally known as the worst franchise in all sports until finally they drafted a superstar that would n't bolt the first chance they got . Instead , they turned an unbelievably miserable franchise into one of the most exciting in the NBA , encouraging DeAndre Jordan to stay , and many others to come — turning this franchise into a perennial playoff contender . Certainly , their lack of success in the playoffs is horribly frustrating . But trading Blake Griffin , a possible Clippers lifer , an almost certain Hall of Famer , the guy who transformed a horrendous franchise into one worth watching , was a monumental mistake , an asinine move . I guess only the fans remember how awful they were before him .
MOGADISHU : A Somali television journalist was killed in a car bombing in the capital Mogadishu on Monday , an editor for the TV station and local authorities said .
Mohamed Ibrahim Gabow had borrowed the car from a friend , Mohamed Moalim Mustaf , an editor at Kalsan TV , told Reuters .
`` Unexpectedly it exploded and they died on the spot . We do not know who was behind it , '' they added .
Local government officials confirmed the incident .
`` The journalist ... died after a bomb planted in a car they drove exploded . Their body has now been taken to a hospital . The police will investigate , '' said Abdifatah Omar Halane , the spokesperson for the mayor of Mogadishu .
Gabow is the fourth journalist killed this year in Somalia , currently ranked 167th out of 180 countries for journalist safety by Reporters Without Borders . No group has ever claimed the killing of a journalist in the capital .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Somalia has been convulsed by instability , violence and lawlessness since early 1990s following the toppling of military dictator Mohamed Siad Barre .
( Reporting by Feisal Omar and Abdi Sheikh ; Editing by George Obulutsa )
A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos , Southwest Nigeria , has granted Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria an order for interim possession of property of a Lagos socialite Chief Rilwan Aleshinloye , known as and called Alesh Hotel International limited of 1 Alesh Hotel Road , off Lekki-Epe Expressway Ajah , in Eti-Osa local Government Area of Lagos State , which serves as collateral security in favour of AMCON for credit facility currently stood at N187.3 million
The presiding judge Saliu Saidu , also issued an interim order restraining , Chief Rilwan Aleshinloye , and their agents , shareholders or other legal representatives from selling , disposing or otherwise dealing with the aforesaid property pending the hearing and determination of the substantive suit , while the Assistant Inspector General of Police Zone two has been ordered to ensure to provide adequate security and protection for the document server of the court or any officer assigned by the court to enforce the orders of the court .
It was further ordered that in the interim funds standing to the credit of the defendants in the sum of N187.3 million in seventeen commercial banks in Nigeria are also to be attached
The order of the court was sequels to an application filed before the court by Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria to recover a debt of N187.3 million Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria , AMCON , had dragged the Lagos Socialite Chief Rilwan Aleshinloye and their hotel , Alesh International Hotel , to court over unpaid debt .
In an affidavit sworn to by the officer of Credit Directorate of AMCON and filed before the court , it was alleged that sometime in 2008 , Alesh International Hotel applied for and was granted N100milion loan by Platinum Habib Bank Plc , the loan was fully utilized and secured by legal mortgage by the Alesh International Hotel situate at 1 , Alesh Hotel Road , Lekki-Epe Expressway , Ajah , Eti-Osa Local Government Area of Lagos State . The corporate Guarantee was executed in favour of the company signed by Chief Rilwan Aleshinloye , who is the Chairman /Chief Executive of Alesh Hotel International Limited .
The loan became due and payable , but due to the persistent failure of the defendant to liquidate its indebtedness , the bank call in the facilities and served respective demand letters on the defendants for immediate payment of the outstanding debt , however the defendant failed and refused to liquidate its indebtedness .
In order to savage the situation , by a loan purchase agreement , Platinum Habib Bank Plc assigned the debt portfolio to AMCON to recover .
The defendants outstanding indebtedness to AMCON stands in the sum of N187.3 million as at 31st January , 2018 .
Justice Saidu has adjourned till 24th of September , 2018 for hearing .
New Delhi : IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Monday said that though digitisation has brought in exposure to the majority of the people it has also exposed them to cyber threats and vulnerabilities .
`` As part of its Digital India initiatives , the government has introduced a lot of its services online . Although this has made services very accessible to the citizens , it has also exposed them to the threats and vulnerabilities which are an inherent part of cyberspace , '' the minister said .
They were speaking at the inauguration of the `` NIC-CERT '' , a setup of National Informatics Centre .
They mentioned that in the recent past there has been an exponential growth in cyberattacks leading to concerns about data theft which led to the government drafting the Data Protection Act .
`` As Internet with its ever-expanding canvas of opportunities is touching the life 's of people , it necessitates the requirement to upscale the existing security infrastructure , '' they added .
The NIC-CERT has been set up with the objective of creating a comprehensive framework that integrates world-class security components and inbuilt threat intelligence for detection , prevention and incident response .
Using the tools the team will correlate events that would help in generating a canvas of the attack surface and identify the vulnerabilities and possible exploits . The gathered intelligence assimilated with the knowledge of the open web would give the CERT the ability prevent and predict attacks , Prasad said .
Image Group LA/ABCA veritable who 's who of pop stars and actors have joined an effort by Jack Antonoff — of .fun and Bleachers fame — in opposing a proposed “ bathroom bill ” measure in Texas similar to the one passed last year in North Carolina which would restrict the use of public bathrooms on the basis of birth-certificate gender .
Lady Gaga , Sia , Ariana Grande , Sara Bareilles , Britney Spears , Janelle Monae , Rita Ora and Carly Rae Jepsen , as well as veteran artists like Sting and Cyndi Lauper are just a few of the 142 signees of a open letter published Tuesday on TxTogether.org .
“ I hope it goes completely viral and that people will know about these bills , they 'll look at them , they understand how hateful they are , they tweet about it , they talk about it , they call their local legislators , ” Jack tells Billboard of the effort he 's dubbed “ The Creative Community Against Anti-LGBTQ Legislation in Texas . ”
So what does Jack think a group of musicians and actors — signees include Jennifer Lawrence , Emma Stone and Amy Schumer — can do by signing such a letter ? “ Our support means a lot . Our support is financial , it has to do with the economy , it 's artistic , it 's all of it , ” they tell Billboard . “ I wrote this letter because I want them to know that me and all of my friends — all of these wonderful artists and actors and writers and designers — are watching Texas and are not OK with this happening . ”
Also signing are feminist icon Gloria Steinem , Jack 's significant other Lena Dunham , and a variety of music acts like Paramore , Fitz and the Tantrums and Jack 's .fun band mate Nate Ruess .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Comments
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Newly launched bitcoin futures indicated on Monday that financial markets expect the cryptocurrency to climb further but at a far slower rate than in recent weeks as warnings of a bubble grew .
NEW YORK/LONDON : Newly launched bitcoin futures on Monday suggested that traders expect the cryptocurrency 's blistering price gains to slow in the coming months .
Chicago-based derivatives exchange Cboe Global Markets launched the futures late on Sunday , marking the first time investors could get exposure to the bitcoin market via a large , regulated exchange .
The one-month bitcoin contract opened at 6 p.m. local time ( 2300 GMT ) on Sunday at US $ 15,460 . By midday on Monday in New York , it was trading at US $ 17,780 , roughly 10 percent above bitcoin 's spot price of US $ 16,335 on the Bitstamp exchange .
But given bitcoin has almost tripled in value over the past month , and was up more than 10 percent on Monday alone , the futures pricing suggested investors see price increases moderating .
And many traders may be looking for payoffs other than a simple gain in the price of bitcoin , said Hussein Sayed , chief market strategist at FXTM in Dubai .
They noted though that the listing of the futures contract on Cboe and next week on the CME will likely provide at least a temporary arbitrage trading opportunity due to pricing differences .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sayed added that the arbitrage trading should lead to `` improved price efficiency and probably less volatility . ''
After volatility settles down , investors will focus again on price direction , they said .
Bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States , but backers said the U.S. market debut would confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and encourage its wider use .
The CME Group is expected to launch its futures contract on Dec. 17 .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
( To view a graphic on Bitcoin 's blistering ascent , click http : //tmsnrt.rs/2AeMjHe )
VOLATILITY CONCERNS
Although there are hopes that the futures will draw in new investors , most fund managers at larger asset managers and institutional investors say bitcoin remains too volatile and lacks the fundamentals that give other assets value .
`` There 's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility , '' said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder .
The two-month contract was trading at US $ 17,970 a 10 percent premium over the spot price , while the three-month contract was changing hands at US $ 18,140 , a roughly 11 percent premium .
Despite being modest when compared with bitcoin 's 270 percent increase over the past three months and 230 percent rise in the last two months , those levels still showed a lack of large `` short '' positions betting against bitcoin .
`` Anyone , especially a professional trading outfit , would be crazy to actually short sell this bull market , '' said Nick Spanos , founder of Bitcoin Center NYC . `` But just because it does n't happen on day one does n't mean it wo n't in the future . ''
Bitcoin is up more than 1,500 percent so far in 2017 , having started the year at less than US $ 1,000 .
'MARCH TOWARDS LEGITIMIZATION '
As of early afternoon trading in New York , 3,613 one-month contracts had changed hands , meaning around US $ 64.7 million had been notionally traded . That compares with daily trading volumes of more than US $ 21.5 billion across all cryptocurrencies , according to trade website Coinmarketcap .
There had been speculation that the futures launch would trigger more gyrations in the market . But while volatile compared with traditional currencies or assets , the 10 percent rise on Monday was relatively tame for bitcoin .
Bitcoin surged more than 40 percent in 48 hours last week , before tumbling 20 percent in the following 10 hours .
`` ( Bitcoin futures ) will speed up the march towards legitimization of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use , '' said Jo Torode , a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray in London .
The futures are cash-settled contracts , allowing investors exposure without having to hold any of the cryptocurrency .
The futures are based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange , which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss .
( GRAPHIC : Bitcoin futures suggest growth , but slower - http : //reut.rs/2yfblkV )
DRAMATIC GAINS
Bitcoin 's origins have been the subject of much speculation .
It was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto , and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden , making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible .
Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over its surge in price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering .
`` It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me , '' the Reserve Bank of New Zealand 's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on Sunday .
Somebody who invested US $ 1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 would now be sitting on around US $ 1.2 million .
Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the Cboe futures had given an extra kick to the cryptocurrency 's scorching run this year .
The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages .
Several online brokerages , including Charles Schwab Corp and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp , did not allow trading of the new futures immediately .
The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase & Co , Citigroup Inc would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients .
( For an interactive graphic on bitcoin 's blistering ascent , click http : //fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/GLOBAL-MARKETS-BITCOIN/010051YC4E4/index.html )
( Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak and John McCrank in NEW YORK ; Michelle Chen in HONG KONG and Helen Reid in LONDON ; Graphics by Ritvik Carvalho in LONDON and Reuters Graphics team ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli )
Advertisement
United Nations Secretary-General , António Guterres , on Monday , expressed concerns on the rising tensions over North Korea in recent weeks .
The Spokesperson to the Secretary-General , Mr Stephane Dujarric , at a briefing , called on all parties to employ diplomatic options to resolve the crisis .
“ We 're obviously deeply concerned about the rising tensions that we 've seen in the Korean Peninsula .
“ We call on all to redouble their diplomatic efforts . I think the latest launch that we saw over the weekend from the DPRK was troubling .
“ We call on the DPRK ( North Korea ) to take all the steps necessary to de‑escalate the situation and return to a dialogue on denuclearization .
“ All Security Council resolutions must be fully implemented , and we note that the Security Council has consistently stated its commitment to a peaceful , diplomatic , and political solution , ” they said .
They noted that the UN used to have a Special Representative for North Korea , but that the position had not been filled .
“ The post has been unfilled for quite some years . But I 'm not aware of any plans to appoint someone , which should not mean that we 're not watching the situation very carefully . ”
Advertisement
Kim In Ryong , North Korea 's Permanent Representative to the UN , also warned against nuclear war at a news conference .
“ The prevailing grave situation proves once again that the DPRK was entirely just when it increased in every way its military capabilities for self-defense and pre-emptive attack with a nuclear force as a pivot .
“ It has created dangerous situation in which the thermonuclear war may break out at any moment on the peninsula and pose a serious threat to the world 's peace and security , to say nothing of those of northeast Asia , ” they said .
Kim said the US President Donald Trump 's deployment of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier task group to waters off the Korean Peninsula again “ proves the US reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase of its scenario ” .
The North Korean diplomat stressed that US-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “ aggressive war drill ” aimed at their country .
They warned that North Korea would take the toughest counter actions threatening , “ we will hold the US accountable ” .
There were reports that North Korea attempted another missile launch over the weekend but it failed .
A grandmother is enjoying a double celebration after they were named the UK 's best nurse just weeks after marking their 50th birthday .
Julie Noble , who is a carer at Jack Dormand Care Home in Horden , was given the honour as part of the prestigious National Care Awards 2017 .
National Care Award Nurse of the year Julie Noble with residents Margaret and Ted Beadle . Picture by FRANK REID
The award was given to Julie in recognition of their “ outstanding clinical and managerial qualities ” , while demonstrating “ a high level of dedication ” to residents at Jack Dormand , which is in Fourth Street .
To celebrate their incredible achievement , the HC-One-run home held a party with staff and residents , with the company 's chief executive officer Justin Hutchens attending to congratulate Julie .
Julie , who lives in Easington Lane and has three children and seven grandchildren , has been a nurse at the home for four-and-a-half years .
They credit their traditional upbringing , as the youngest of nine children , for instilling in them a love of people and a desire to make a difference for the people they support .
Julie said : “ The whole thing has been just lovely .
“ I 'm not an attention-seeking person really . I like to just come in and get on with my job , so to be recognised like this is something a bit different . ”
After a portfolio was sent down to judges , Julie had to journey to London to answer questions before a panel .
“ I could n't believe it when they told me I 'd won , ” added Julie , who used to work at Sunderland Royal Hospital before moving into the private care sector when they wanted a different challenge .
“ Things like this do n't happen to people like me , but I 'm delighted .
“ We have great residents and amazing staff at the home , and HC-One is a brilliant company to work .
“ I worked for Four Seasons before and they were great as well .
“ They really do believe in caring for people . ”
As well as a surprise party where Mr Hutchens congratulated Julie , kind messages and presents have flooded in for them
“ I 've even come into work to be told that a gentleman has offered me to use their caravan for a week 's holiday .
“ How nice is that ? It 's been overwhelming . ”
The National Care Awards are the UK care sector 's leading annual national awards ceremony .
The awards are highly coveted by social care professionals , and winners are recognised as being at the very pinnacle of their profession .
Vancouver City Council heard recommendations on reviewing the liquor policy for the Granville Entertainment District .
Some of the recommendations included expanding general public health interventions , enabling liquor retail in grocery stores , and enhancing “ patio culture . ”
This follows a public survey where people recommended public transportation out of downtown to be available 30 minutes after bars close . People also said that more public washrooms were needed and that bars needed to serve smaller drink servings .
READ MORE : 2 men in custody after triple stabbing outside Caprice nightclub in Downtown Vancouver
Supt . Michelle Davey with the Vancouver Police Department told council that many people are skipping the Granville strip in favour of Gastown “ where they can sit in a restaurant and they can enjoy themselves with friends rather than hitting the nightclub scene . ”
Davey also told council that the rates of violence between the strip and Gastown is like “ night and day . ”
“ Disturbances and disruption on the street , the feeling in the air is different , peoples ' moods are different in Gastown versus the GED and I think it 's an excellent success story for the city . ”
Other recommendations heard during council included increasing alcohol-free options and limiting advertising of liquor .
As video baby monitors become the next frontier for smart security camera manufacturers , it seems only fitting that Safety 1st—the child-safety company that introduced the Baby On Board sign more than 30 years ago—would get in on the ground floor .
Its first foray is the Safety 1st HD WiFi Baby Monitor , a system consisting of three components : a high-definition camera , a “ smart audio unit , ” and a mobile app . ( You can buy the camera alone for $ 150 . )
The bell-shaped camera is attached to a conical stand and has a few degrees of tilt . It does n't need much , though , as the lens ' 130-degree field of view can easily take in the whole of most rooms without futzing much with camera angles . It streams in 720p resolution and has 12 infrared lights that provide up to 15 feet of night vision .
The camera works with the Safety 1st Baby Monitor app , much like a home security camera , providing a live video stream , recording video clips , and pushing alerts to your device when motion or sound is detected .
Safety 1st The Safety 1st HD WiFi Baby Monitor pushes alerts to your smartphone and records video when it detects your child 's activity .
The audio unit is a palm-sized disc with a 1.5-watt speaker . It 's designed to be your monitor when your smartphone is n't at hand , so in addition to being your ears on your child , it also alerts you to detected sound and motion by illuminating a blue LED ring around the bottom . On the top of the unit you 'll find a button for turning this light indicator on and off , a pair of speaker volume controls , and a mic button for activating the two-way talk feature when you want to soothe your baby .
Setup and usage
The camera runs on AC power , while the audio unit has a rechargeable battery . The latter needs to be charged before you start the set-up process ( a USB-to-Micro-USB cable is provided for this ) . According to Safety 1st , the audio unit can run for 12 hours on a full charge . Once everything is powered up , the app guides you through a simple pairing process that in my testing worked without a hitch .
The audio unit is small enough to carry around with you , but it 's meant to be stationary—as evidenced by the rubber pads on the bottom -- so you can be hands free . The good news is it stays in quiet mode until the camera detects activity , so you do n't need to deal with ambient noise as you go about your day . When it activates , the output is exceptionally clear and detailed , even at higher volume , and it was easy to discern between different but similar sounds , like a cat rustling the curtains versus a child stirring in the sheets . The LED alerts worked reliably , but because the ring is around the base of the unit , I found them easy to miss if I was n't focused on it .
Michael Ansaldo/IDG You can share moments captured on video through a variety of services .
Remotely peeking in on a child will likely be the more popular use for this system , and the Safety 1st app makes it incredibly easy . The app opens to the live feed across the top of the screen , and you can activate full-screen mode by rotating your device horizontally .
In either orientation , there 's a button for activating the camera 's microphone and another for taking shareable screenshots . These are saved , along with sound- and motion-detected video clips , in a “ recorded baby moments ” gallery across the bottom of the screen . Videos are stored free in the cloud and are viewable for 24 hours , but you can also download them to your device or to personal cloud storage .
When sound or motion is detected , the system pushes an alert to your device . Tapping on this notification opens the recorded clip of the event in the app . You can customize the motion and noise detection sensitivity for the alerts you receive on your phone and on the audio unit . The scale is composed of five preset levels from “ very low ” to “ very high. ” The higher sensitivity levels will detect soft cries and calmer movements while the lowest will only alert you to “ extreme ” activity .
The streaming and recorded video quality is excellent . It 's a world away from the fuzzy footage associated with conventional VGA monitors . The image is tack sharp , with rich and accurate colors . Parents will likely find they want to share the more precious of these captured moments , and the app makes that easy with a button that lets you post images and video directly to popular services such as Facebook , Instagram , Twitter , and Google Drive right from the playback screen .
Michael Ansaldo/IDG You can grant camera access to babysitters and other caretakers .
Speaking of sharing , parents can grant camera access to babysitters and other caretakers , too . An “ add member ” option allows you to invite people on a per-camera basis and assign each one an appropriate access level : a “ parent ” designation gives them full camera access , while “ family/friend ” allows them only viewing access .
There are a few features I missed that many parents might also . The camera does n't play lullabies or soothing nature sounds , and it does n't include any environmental sensors for monitoring the temperature or humidity in your child 's room to help maintain their comfort . These are features offered on the Netgear Arlo Baby and are also common to VTech 's conventional baby monitors .
If you want the advanced capabilities of a smart device and can live without those extra bells and whistles , though , the Safety 1st Baby Monitor will deliver .
RUSTAN 'S Supermarket always has the choicest products on its shelves , and the rainy season is time to stock up on items to keep your home warm and dry .
You can easily find all those rainy-day must-haves at the Feels Like Home : A Health , Home , and Household Fair from August 5 to September 4 .
Aside from the amazing food selection , Rustan 's Supermarket also gives you a complete shopping experience so you can easily get your hands on your essentials like hair care , skin care , feminine care , soap dishes and loofah sponges for the bathroom ; food containers , plastic wraps , and scrub pads for the kitchen as well as cleaning supplies , first aid kit necessities , and so much more .
ADVERTISEMENT
As a special treat for its customers , Rustan 's Supermarket is also bringing you a special rainy-day promo . Grab an inverted umbrella for only P199 , for every purchase worth a minimum of P3,000 with at least P300 worth of products from sponsors like Ariel , Perwoll , Mr . Muscle , Feathersoft , Vitapet , and Dentismile .
Make sure to keep your home well-stocked and organized during this rainy season by visiting any Rustan 's Supermarket branch near you .
For more information , visit www.rustansfresh.com , follow and like rustansfresh on Facebook , and @ rustansfresh on Instagram and Twitter .
A COMMUNITY is being torn in two by a planning application for a mobile phone mast .
The villages of Tregynon and Bettws Cedewain sit in communication dark-spots where signal on all networks is intermittent at best , necessitating a new mast .
CTIL and Telefonica UK Ltd ( CTIL ) have applied for permission to put a 17.5 metre mast on land at Tyn y Bryn Farm through the agent Clarke Telecom Ltd .
Unfortunately the proposed site of the mast , identified by the agent , is nine metres away from a business , 15 metres away from someone 's home and close to the residence of two disabled individuals , emphasising health concerns that come with the mast .
Residents have been split by the proposal ; some have been waiting decades for mobile signal in their homes , others are worried about the impact on the nearby business , many are concerned for the health of those nearby , and several responses to the application have highlighted the need for emergency calls in remote areas .
Noel Owen , of NEO Fabrication and Erection Ltd , is concerned that they might lose members of their 20-strong workforce .
They said : “ I am adamant that if this mast comes next to us , we go .
“ Anybody we talk to , they say we are too close .
“ When I first told one of my employees , they said if the mast comes , they go .
“ Everyone wants a mast but let 's site them correctly , ” they added .
Mr Owen , along with their family , all live near the proposed mast .
In their official response to the application , Mr Owen said : “ I am also worried about my family , especially our severely disabled daughter who suffers from epilepsy .
“ How will the mast affect her ? ”
The application has currently received more than 60 responses from residents and businesses .
One response in support of the application said : “ As our family runs a small business from the village it would be an asset . ”
Pointing out the dangers of losing access to emergency services , another said : “ We think of the safety of farmers and such using tractors etc , it would be a lifesaver . ”
The community may be collectively uncertain about the proposed location , but the majority agree that signal is needed .
Resident and ex-county councillor Peter Harris said that there are better alternative sites for a mast .
They said : “ We have identified two sites where there would be no objections and the landowners would welcome it .
“ They have both been proved to have good coverage .
“ This is not about money , at Tyn Y Bryn they just want mobile coverage .
“ This present agent just seems to have ignored the alternative sites . We have even offered to pay for the re-application . ”
The proposed mast would bring coverage for O2 networks along with others that use O2 related infrastructure .
n The full application with responses can be viewed at : planning.powys.gov.uk searching for planning code P/2017/0708 .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
4 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
France 's Unibail-Rodamco SE has agreed to acquire Australian mall owner Westfield Corp for US $ 24.7 billion including debt , in what would be the biggest takeover of an Australian company on record .
SYDNEY/MELBOURNE : France 's Unibail-Rodamco has agreed to buy shopping mall owner Westfield Corp for US $ 15.7 billion , in what would be the biggest takeover of an Australian company on record .
The deal accelerates consolidation of the global retail property sector as it grapples with challenges from online retailers led by Amazon.com Inc . It comes on the heels of world No . 2 retail real estate investment trust GGP Inc 's rejection of a US $ 14.8 billion offer from Brookfield Property for the two-thirds it did not already own .
Westfield , which owns and operates 35 shopping centers in the United States and United Kingdom valued at US $ 32 billion , said the transaction was `` highly compelling '' for Westfield and Unibail-Rodamco 's shareholders .
`` Unibail-Rodamco 's track record makes it the natural home for the legacy of Westfield 's brand and business , '' Westfield Chairman and co-founder Frank Lowy said in a statement .
Unibail-Rodamco said Westfield shareholders would receive a combination of cash and shares , valuing Westfield at US $ 7.55 , or AUS $ 10.01 a share , an 18 percent premium to Westfield 's last trade .
Including debt , the deal would be worth US $ 24.7 billion .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Unibail-Rodamco said the deal would create a global property leader with US $ 72 billion of gross market value in 27 retail markets . It will rebadge its malls with the red Westfield logo .
RETAIL REINVENTION
Shopping center owners around the world are scrambling to reinvent themselves to keep up with rapid changes in consumer behavior and boost earnings .
The expansion of e-commerce giant Amazon.com has coincided with an explosion in online purchases of physical goods , while consumers increasingly treat malls as places for socializing .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Once dominant United States department store operators such as Macy 's Inc and J C Penney Co Inc have announced plans to shut hundreds of stores in recent years , putting pressure on landlords to find new `` anchor tenants '' or come up with new ways to grow returns .
Westfield has been seen as a pioneer in U.S. mall redevelopment , melding traditional mall retailers with atypical mall fixtures like upscale food courts , high-end restaurants , bars , cinemas and boutique fashion outlets .
`` Westfield has got assets in the UK and in the U.S. that are all in mature Amazon markets . They 're already 50 percent through that online retail switch , '' said Morningstar analyst Tony Sherlock .
Chairman Lowy , a holocaust survivor-turned-knighted property billionaire , will retire from the company they co-founded in 1960 , and their sons Steven and Peter , will retire from their positions as co-chief executives .
`` This is obviously a day of mixed emotions for me although I am 100 percent comfortable with our decision , '' Frank Lowy told reporters in Sydney via video conference from London . They said talks to seal a deal had taken just six weeks .
`` VERY GOOD PRICE ''
Lowy said it made sense to sell now because it was a `` very good price '' for shareholders , but acknowledged that the sale partly reflected the global trend of consolidation and the pressures on retailers .
`` It seems like a good strategic rationale , given the synergies , and it will create the leading mall operator globally , '' said Sydney-based CLSA analyst Sholto Maconochie .
`` With a AUS $ 10 handle in front , the offer does n't look bad , '' they said , adding that they were still evaluating the deal .
The offer price closed the gap between the underlying value of the company and its share price , Peter Lowy said .
The Lowys said they also chose to sell as they would rather be investors than executives now , after putting in a combined 145 years at the company .
Westfield 's flagship malls include Westfield London , where it is working on a 600,000 pound ( US $ 800,000 ) expansion , and Century City in Los Angeles , where it is completing a US $ 1 billion overhaul .
It also has stakes in 18 suburban U.S. shopping centers , three of which it wholly owns .
Shares in Westfield were halted earlier on Tuesday pending the announcement , having last traded at AUS $ 8.50 .
( Reporting by Byron Kaye in Sydney and Sonali Paul in Melbourne ; Additional reporting by Swati Pandey in Sydney and Susan Mathew in Bangalore ; Editing by Lincoln Feast )
ANKARA : Seven Turkish soldiers were killed on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) in Turkey 's offensive against Kurdish militia inside Syria , including five who died in a single attack on a tank , the army said .
The losses marked the highest toll in one day for the Turkish military in operation `` Olive Branch '' , launched on Jan 20 against Syrian Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) militia seen by Ankara as a terror group .
The attack on the tank , details of which were not disclosed , was also the single deadliest attack on the military of the offensive so far .
The latest clashes brought to 14 the number of Turkish troops killed so far in operation .
The Turkish army and allied Ankara-backed Syrian rebel forces are seeking to oust the YPG from its western border stronghold of Afrin but the operation so far has been marked by fierce clashes .
The army said that one of the soldiers was killed in a clash and another on the border area , without giving further details .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In a later statement , it added a Turkish army tank had been hit in another attack , killing all five servicemen inside .
A previous statement said one serviceman was killed and another wounded in that attack .
In retaliation , Turkish war planes carried out air strikes on the area from where the attack was carried out , destroying shelters and munitions dumps , it added .
OPERATION GOING 'AS PLANNED '
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said on Thursday the Turkish army and Ankara-backed rebels had suffered 25 fatalities between them in the operation so far .
Meanwhile , seven civilians have been killed in mortar fire on the Turkish side of the border that Ankara blames on the YPG .
Ankara says that major progress has been made in the 15-day operation , with almost 900 YPG fighters killed so far although it is not possible to verify these figures .
Erdoğan said in a speech Saturday that the Turkish forces were beginning to take mountain positions and would now head towards Afrin itself . `` There is not much to go , '' they said .
Erdoğan 's spokesperson Ibrahim Kalin meanwhile told journalists in Istanbul that the operation was going as planned but there was no timetable for its duration and it would `` continue until we clear all those areas '' .
But analysts and monitors say Turkey so far has taken control of limited clumps of territory around the border without yet approaching near Afrin town .
Turkey says the YPG is an offshoot of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state .
But the YPG has been working closely with the United States to fight the Islamic State extremist group in Syria .
The offensive by Washington 's fellow NATO member Ankara on a US-allied force has even raised fears of a military confrontation between two alliance powers .
These deals look great in your kitchen .
Instant Pot / Amazon
— Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need . If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links , we may earn a small share of the revenue . However , our picks and opinions are independent from USA Today 's newsroom and any business incentives .
Life is a little crazy in the online shopping world right now . Amazon just announced that their annual Prime Day will be held Tuesday , July 16 , which means we all can start preparing for 36 hours of incredible sales . I know I am . But if you do n't want to wait two weeks to snag a sale , Amazon still offers great deals and price drops each and every day . Note that they may not be as great as the stuff we 'll see on Prime Day , but they 're still good deals if you have a shopping itch to scratch . Whether you 're looking for a way to upgrade your kitchen or just want to treat yourself , these are great products at a great price .
1 . An upgraded Instant Pot
Summer cooking made easy .
Instant Pot
In the summer , it can be tough to muster up the energy to heat up the oven to cook dinner . If you do n't already have an Instant Pot , you need to get one for easy summer cooking . This handy kitchen gadget has all the functions of a pressure cooker , slow cooker , rice cooker , and more . Right now , the upgraded Instant Pot Ultra is at one of the lowest prices we 've ever seen and is just $ 10 more than the most popular Instant Pot model . It even has a few more features that replace even more common appliances . The new central dial is really easy to use and it has new features like altitude adjustment , cooking indicator , and a steam release reset button to bring your Instant Pot cooking to the next level .
Get the Instant Pot Ultra for $ 109.99 and save $ 39.96
2 . Our favorite affordable hair dryer
Get that summer salon blowout without the salon price .
Reviewed / Jackson Ruckar
Summertime is hot and you do n't want to spend too much time styling your hair in extra heat . Believe me , you will get more sweaty and your style will not hold up , so you need a hair dryer that takes limited drying time . After testing all the leading hair dryers , this one from Revlon really wowed us—and it costs less than $ 20 . We loved this model because of its impressive drying time compared to the other hair dryers we tried and it was one of the lightest . Right now , it 's down to nearly its lowest price ever , making it hard to say no to upgrading your beauty routine .
Update : The sale price has changed from $ 3 off to just $ 1.30 off . But considering how much we like this hair dryer , it 's still a good buy .
Get the Revlon 1875W Infrared Hair Dryer for $ 16.69 and save $ 1.30
3 . A fast portable charger for extra juice
Charge your phone wherever you are .
Anker
While you 're at the beach or at a summer concert , you do n't want your phone to run out of battery . That 's why you need a portable charger to juice up whenever you 're in need . This one from Anker uses QuickCharge technology to power your devices 85 % faster , can charge your iPhone up to nine times , and has three ports , so you can offer your friends some juice too .
Get the Anker PowerCore+ 26800 for $ 68.99 and save $ 18
4 . An Echo Show for your kitchen
`` Alexa , tell me about Amazon deals . ''
Reviewed / Jackson Ruckar
To get you excited about Prime Day , Amazon is offering $ 100 their Echo Show models . If you do n't have an Amazon Prime membership already , you can try it for free for 30 days ( hey , you 're going to want one for Prime Day anyway ) . I love having the Echo Show in my kitchen because I can easily see recipes , set timers , sing along to lyrics , and get visual updates at a glance for news , weather , and more . This is one of the better discounts on an Echo Show that we 've seen , which is all more the reason to get excited about the Prime Day deals to come .
Get the Echo Show for $ 129.99 and save $ 100
5 . The best affordable fast wireless charging pad
See your notifications at a glance .
Reviewed / Michael Desjardin
If you 're constantly plugging in your phone , you might want to make things easier by investing in a wireless charging pad . This wireless charging stand from Seneo is the best affordable one we 've ever tested because although it 's not the fastest wireless charging pad out there , it gets the job done for a low price . Plus , it 's stand-up design makes it super easy to check on notifications at a glance . Right now , it 's down to the lowest price we 've ever seen .
Get the Seneo 3-Coil Wireless Qi Charger for $ 15.99 and save $ 6
Prices are accurate at the time this article was published , but may change over time .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
General Motors Co Chief Executive Mary Barra said on Monday that if Congress decides to eliminate an electric vehicle tax credit it `` will have an impact '' on sales of electric vehicles such as GM 's Chevrolet Bolt .
DETROIT : General Motors Co Chief Executive Mary Barra said on Monday that if Congress decides to eliminate an electric vehicle tax credit it `` will have an impact '' on sales of electric vehicles such as GM 's Chevrolet Bolt .
The House version of a bill that would cut corporate tax rates calls for eliminating a tax credit of up to US $ 7,500 for purchasers of electric vehicles . Auto industry and environmental groups are lobbying to save the credit as House and Senate move to merge their versions of the tax overhaul legislation .
( Reporting By Joseph White ; Editing by Susan Thomas )
DALLAS -- Two officers and a civilian were shot Tuesday afternoon near a Home Depot in Dallas , police said .
The officers were critically wounded in the Lake Highlands neighborhood .
The civilian 's condition was not available .
Officers were searching for the suspected shooter near the wooded area and along the creek behind the store .
At nearby Forest Lane Station , DART passengers were not allowed to get off or on the trains to prevent the suspect from escaping the area by train , spokesperson Mark Ball said .
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings said in a tweet that they were `` closely monitoring '' the situation and `` praying for our officers and their families . ''
Aerial footage from the scene showed a man being loaded into an ambulance . At least one person was taken to Texas Health Presbyterian of Dallas .
It was not immediately clear what led to the shooting .
Citing sources , WFAA-TV said Dallas police were helping an off-duty officer working security arrest someone when shots were fired .
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives was also responding to the scene .
( c ) 2018 The Dallas Morning News
Helen Mirren opened up about the “ car crash ” that they call the Trump presidency , and also took aim at first daughter Ivanka Trump and their views on how women really live .
“ [ Ivanka ] talks a good game , but there 's no substance , ” the 72-year-old actor said in the September issue of Allure , “ Her book is so ignorant about how the majority of women live , talking about ‘ Make time for yourself to have a massage . ' Puh-lease . ”
Like most celebrities , London-born Mirren is n't keeping quiet about their thoughts on President Trump and American politics .
“ [ Trump ] just said and did whatever it took to get what they desired . That is quite terrifying , because it means there 's a lack of morality there and a lack of conscientiousness , ” they told the mag , “ It 's a bit like watching a car crash . There is a sort of mesmerizing horror — it 's why we love horror films . ”
They hope that Melania Trump will turn around and use the position she 's in to “ take [ Trump ] down . ”
“ You look at old Mel there , and they are one of the most powerful women in the world because they could take them down , ” Mirren said , adding that Melania almost did it when they slapped their husband 's hand away earlier this year .
They continued , “ I 'm Eastern European , you know ; [ we 've ] got these dark souls . [ Melania 's ] dark Slovenian soul is about to come out . ”
MADRID : Former Italy striker Giampaolo Pazzini scored a dramatic late equaliser as Levante held Real Madrid to a 2-2 draw on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) , leaving Zinedine Zidane 's men 18 points adrift of La Liga leaders Barcelona .
Sergio Ramos headed the visitors into an 11th-minute lead with their 50th La Liga goal for the club , but Levante equalised before half-time through Emmanuel Boateng .
Isco came off the bench to put Real back in front late on , but Pazzini stunned the struggling defending champions with an 89th-minute strike on their debut .
`` We controlled the game , especially in the first half , and in the second we managed to do the hard part - get back into the game and score the second goal , '' said Zidane .
`` Then we should have been ready , we could have avoided the second goal , but we did n't and it 's hard because it 's two dropped points . ''
The Champions League is Real 's only realistic chance of more silverware this season , but they 'll need to find a significant upturn in form to challenge Paris Saint-Germain in the last 16 , first-leg tie in Madrid on Feb 14 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` We have to work even more , it 's football and the opponent is there to try to put you in difficulty , '' Zidane added .
Barcelona can move 21 points clear of their arch rivals with victory at Espanyol on Sunday , when second-placed Atletico Madrid welcome third-placed Valencia to the Wanda Metropolitano .
Real did n't take long to forge ahead at Levante , as centre-back Ramos met a Toni Kroos corner with a downward header which home goalkeeper Oier fumbled into their net under pressure from Karim Benzema .
They almost doubled their lead just after the half-hour mark as Oier managed to scramble the ball away from Cristiano Ronaldo after spilling Kroos ' tame strike .
But Levante hit back in the 42nd minute as 21-year-old Ghanaian Boateng marked their fourth league start for the team with their first La Liga goal .
Jose Luis Morales ran through on goal as Ramos found themselves caught out of position , and although Keylor Navas saved their effort , Boateng met the loose ball with a cool finish into the far corner .
The away side continued to look frail at the back and were lucky not to fall behind as Morales led another rapid counter-attack from a Real corner which ended with Navas making a sprawling save to deny Jefferson Lerma .
ISCO IMPROVES REAL
The reigning European champions improved after Isco replaced Gareth Bale midway through the second half , with the Spain midfielder shooting straight at Oier and Benzema having an effort deflected wide .
Isco 's introduction did pay off with only nine minutes remaining , as Benzema capitalised on some sloppy defending and pulled the ball back for the 25-year-old to smash home their fifth league goal of the season .
Levante should have equalised in the 85th minute , but substitute Roger contrived to head wide with the goal gaping from only a couple of yards out .
The home side did snatch a point , though , as Pazzini scored less than 11 minutes after coming off the bench to make their debut .
The 33-year-old , who only joined on loan from Verona on Wednesday , easily got in behind the hapless Real defence and slotted into the far corner to pull Levante three points clear of the relegation zone .
Sevilla 's push for a top-four finish and a Champions League place took a massive dent earlier on Saturday , as they were thrashed 5-1 at Eibar .
Chilean international Fabian Orellana scored twice as Eibar moved up to seventh , just one point and one place behind Sevilla .
Fifth-placed Villarreal had Daniele Bonera sent off in the first half in a 2-1 defeat by Real Betis , as Betis forward Loren Moron scored twice on their debut after being promoted from the reserve team .
Alaves pulled five points clear of the bottom three as former Barcelona man Munir El Haddadi scored what proved to be the winner in a 2-1 victory over Celta Vigo .
Spanish La Liga results :
Eibar 5 Sevilla 1
Real Betis 2 Villarreal 1
Alaves 2 Celta Vigo 1
Levante 2 Real Madrid 2
TOPS ( Take Off Pounds Sensibly )
TOPS will have their Open House on January 10 , 2018 . They are a friendly and supportive
club that encourages anyone who is interested in losing weight to come and join them .
They offer weekly programs giving helpful tips for your weight loss journey .
Date : Wednesday , January 10 , 2018
Time : 9:30 AM ( meeting starts at 10:00 AM )
Location : Nameoki United Methodist Church
1900 Pontoon Road
Granite City , IL 62040
Questions : Call Pat at 876-3687
BOSTON : Al Horford scored 22 points as the Boston Celtics defeated the Milwaukee Bucks 92-87 to take a 3-2 lead in their best-of-seven playoff series .
Horford finished with 14 rebounds and three assists after the Celtics built an early first-quarter lead before holding on to claim a vital win at the TD Garden .
The injury-plagued Celtics now have the opportunity to clinch the NBA Eastern Conference first round series in game six in Milwaukee on Thursday ( Apr 26 ) .
Boston had led 23-15 at the end of the first period and held a 48-37 advantage at half-time .
Milwaukee responded strongly after the interval but were unable to overturn their first-half deficit despite rallying to outscore the Celtics 26-20 in the final quarter .
Boston 's fans were made to sweat through a nervy final few seconds , when an Eric Bledsoe jumper put the Bucks within three points at 87-84 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the Celtics hit back with two Terry Rozier free throws to put Boston 89-84 ahead , giving the hosts a five-point cushion they defended through to the buzzer .
Khris Middleton led the scoring for the Bucks with 23 points while Giannis Antetokounmpo had 16 points , 10 rebounds and nine assists . Jabari Parker had 17 points and eight rebounds .
Students aim to bring smiles to kids ' faces at Baystate Children 's Hospital
Posted by Jackson Cote on December 11 , 2017 · Leave a Comment
Stocked with superhero and “ Despicable Me ” stickers , multi-colored scissors , stationary and markers , members of UMass For The Kids got to work for the first time at their new holiday card-making campaign , working to lift up the spirits of struggling patients at Baystate Children 's Hospital .
UMass FTK—the largest philanthropic organization on campus , according to its president , senior George Liu—set up shop in front of Hampshire Dining Commons from Dec. 4 to 7 , with card-making operations open to anyone passing through . The campaign was just one of the many events the organization puts on throughout the year in support of the children at Baystate , in connection with Children 's Miracle Network Hospitals , a North American non-profit organization that raises funds for children 's hospitals , medical research and community awareness of children 's health issues .
Throughout the year , UMass FTK raises funds and awareness for Baystate 's Children 's Hospital . Their year-long fundraising process culminates in a 12-hour dance marathon that the organization hosts in the spring , said Liu . They noted that the children at Baystate suffer through many different conditions , recalling a child they met last year , who was diagnosed at the age of four with acute lymphoblastic leukemia , cancer of the blood and bone marrow .
“ My sister 's one of my best friends , and she 's only a year younger , so when I imagine a kid like them going through that , it really hits me hard . It makes you want to do something to give back , ” Liu said .
Liu , who is receiving their bachelor 's degree with an individual concentration in health , marketing and entrepreneurship , was working on a card that said , “ Happy Holidays ! You 're awesome ! ”
“ I 'm not the most creative person in the world , ” Liu said with a laugh . “ I 'm just trying to think of a more cheerful message to spread . ”
On Dec. 14 , Liu and other members of UMass FTK will be making a trip to Baystate to hand-deliver toys alongside the “ Christmas cards , holiday cards [ and ] just cheerful messages ” created over the course of the four-day event . It 's a way for the organization to bring some holiday cheer to Baystate , they said .
The mission of UMass FTK , according to their webpage on the Campus Pulse , “ is to encourage collaboration between students , UMass Amherst and the Amherst community by working to raise awareness and funds for local patients and families of Baystate Children 's Hospital , in connection with Children 's Miracle Network Hospitals . Through uplifting and interactive events we will foster a yearlong celebration for the kids . ”
This is the organization 's first year of their card-making , said senior psychology major Kelley Trieu , who has been involved with UMass FTK for three years—as a dancer for the first two years . Now , she 's one of 42 members on the steering committee of UMass For The Kids , serving as the logistics and technology chair .
According to UMass FTK 's webpage , over the course of the 2016-2017 academic year , the steering committee reached their goal of raising $ 100,000 , surpassing it and reaching just over $ 133,000 . This year , they 're shooting for $ 200,000 .
“ This is our first time putting on the card-making event , ” Trieu said . “ I feel like we 've made a lot of big changes , since we have the really big goal of reaching $ 200,000 . ”
“ Our efforts have been a lot more full-force through the whole year , rather than later on , ” they added .
Working alongside Trieu was Josue Medor , a first-year student biochemistry major . Medor is not a member of UMass FTK , but was one of the many passersby who stopped to write and illustrate a card .
“ The Christmas spirit is something that everyone deserves to have , ” Medor said . “ I thought this was a simple way to do that—just spread a little bit of Christmas cheer to the children who might need it the most right now . ”
“ I 'm hoping it would put a smile on a kid 's face , ” they said .
Jackson Cote can be reached at jkcote @ umass.edu and followed on Twitter @ jackson_k_cote .
Bi-folding doors in the updated kitchen , which has an antique O'Keefe & Merritt range , open onto a covered patio . The outdoor space has room for living and dining and a tall brick fireplace . An outdoor shower is at the side of the home .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
4 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Croatia 's hopes of qualifying for the World Cup were dented after conceding a 90th-minute equaliser in a 1-1 home draw with Finland in Group I on Friday .
RIJEKA , CROATIA : Croatia 's hopes of qualifying for the World Cup were dented after conceding a 90th-minute equaliser in a 1-1 home draw with Finland in Group I on Friday .
The result left the Croatians second on 17 points , two behind leaders Iceland who moved above them with a 3-0 win in Turkey .
Third-placed Ukraine also have 17 points but an inferior goal difference after a 2-0 win at bottom team Kosovo . Their clash with Croatia in Kiev on Monday is likely to decide who clinches the runners-up spot .
Both teams can still win the group only in the unlikely event that Iceland , aiming for their second successive major tournament after reaching the Euro 2016 quarter-finals , slip up at home against Kosovo .
Late substitute Pyry Soiri celebrated their international debut for Finland with a fine finish which silenced the home crowd , who then jeered the Croatian players off the pitch after a tepid performance .
The 23-year-old 's volley from eight metres cancelled out Mario Mandzukic 's 57th-minute opener after the home side missed a string of chances in the first half .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The best opportunity fell to Croatian centre back Domagoj Vida whose header was cleared off the line by Rasmus Schueller , after left back Josip Pivaric and winger Ivan Perisic also came close .
Captain Luka Modric , making their 100th international appearance , fired inches over the bar from 20 metres in the second half before the Finns threatened with Juhani Ojala 's header forcing an acrobatic save from goalkeeper Danijel Subasic .
Mandzukic scrambled the ball in from point blank range soon afterwards , with Pivaric 's cross diverted into their path by Finnish defender Niklas Moisander .
The Croatians sat back in the closing stages and having seen Joel Pohjanpalo 's fizzing low shot blocked by Vida , they were stunned at the death by Soiri who took advantage of static defending and blasted their volley past Subasic .
( Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic in Belgrade ; Editing by Christian Radnedge )
Share :
KARACHI - The Federal Investigation Agency ( FIA ) 's zonal board meeting Wednesday gave approval to initiate enquiry against former Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) MNA Nawab Yousuf Talpul , their son MNA Taimoor Talpur , SDO Masood Bajwa , Education Works Department , government of Sindh and others for embezzlement of funds of over Rs100 millions .
The board gave approval to initiate enquiry against former PPP approval to initiate enquiry against former MNA , their son MNA and others .
Allegedly in the year 2011 special funds to the tune of Rs100 to 130 million was sanctioned on the request of Nawab Yousuf for construction of roads , public health and other development schemes in Sindh .
Allegedly , the funds have been embezzled as neither roads were constructed nor other developments schemes were completed in the area and funds were withdrawn , embezzled through fake bills in connivance of SDO Masood Bajwa and Taimoor Talpur .
The spokesperson further said that the board also gave approval to initiate another enquiry against Muhammad Imran Mian , CEO Genco Holding Company Limited , Al Tariq Engineering Contractor and others regarding manipulation of void procurement to machine fitting process for Thermal Power Stations of Jamshoro in the power generating machines instead of government approved new equipment thereby caused huge loss to the national exchequer .
The zonal board meeting was held in the office of the director FIA Sindh , Karachi , which was attended by additional director law , deputy director complaint , acting deputy director crime , FIA zonal office , Karachi , additional director FIA Hyderabad and investigation officers .
Calgary Flames fans without tickets will be crowding into bars Monday night for game three of their series with the Anaheim Ducks .
It means a big boost for business owners .
“ We are expecting a really busy night tonight . It 's going to be crazy on the red mile tonight , ” says Trolley 5 owner Ernie Tsu .
A recent study from Moneris , a Canadian credit and debit processor , shows Tsu may be right .
Data collected in the 2015 NHL Playoffs shows Calgary Flames fans spent a staggering 19 per cent more year over year at Calgary bars and pubs and people ate out spending nine per cent more at Calgary restaurants .
“ We will see about a 60 percent increase for today just because every single seat will be taken for the game , ” says Tsu .
Playoff hockey also means more shifts for Tsu 's staff .
“ We 're ready just like any other restaurant and pub on this street , ” they say . “ We 've been through it before as have a number of other locations so we 're ready to go . ”
However , it 's not just Flames fans finding their way into Calgary 's bars to watch hockey ; fans from other Canadian teams that made the cut are heading out to local establishments to cheer on their teams .
“ We are finding out there 's a lot of Montreal fans in town and we are filling up for those games and of course Toronto has a good following as well , ” says Tsu .
The popular strip where fans gather to watch playoff hockey is not really called the Red Mile anymore but fans still funnel along 17 Avenue .
Police will be in the area ensuring everyone stays safe .
“ This is n't our first playoff game . It 's something we 've planned and worked on for previous playoffs , ” Staff Sergeant Clare Smart with the Calgary Police Service . “ Our on-duty officers will be patrolling the downtown core and looking and seeing what the crowds are going to be like . ”
There are no plans for an extra increase in police presence Monday night .
“ Due to the economic times right now we just want to make sure we are staying within our budget and making sure we will be using our on duty resources , ” says Smart . “ We will have our mountain bike unit , our patrol , and our beat officers down along 17 Avenue . ”
There are parking bans in effect from 7:00 p.m. Monday night until 5:00 a.m. Tuesday morning .
Calgary police will be updating the road closures on social media .
England 's hopes of clawing their way back into an Ashes series fast slipping from their grip will be put to the ultimate test at the WACA where the tourists have won only once in nearly 50 years .
MELBOURNE : England 's hopes of clawing their way back into an Ashes series fast slipping from their grip will be put to the ultimate test at the WACA where the tourists have won only once in nearly 50 years .
The WACA bore witness to the meek surrender of the 2013/14 series by Alastair Cook 's England , and at 2-0 down after Brisbane and Adelaide , Joe Root 's men face a similar predicament when the third test starts on Thursday .
With its traditionally quick and bouncy wicket playing to the strengths of home pacemen , the WACA has been a house of pain for English cricket and Australians will be hoping for more of the same when the ground hosts its final test .
One has to delve deep in the records to even find the last time England drew a match .
That was in 1986 , when Mike Gatting 's unlikely band of hard-partying tourists put on 592 in the first innings to frustrate Allan Border 's team .
The maiden win was in 1978 when Mike Brearley 's side thrashed Graham Yallop-captained Australia by 166 runs , a victory that might otherwise have been remembered as a triumph of English cricket but for the fact that the hosts had been gutted by the World Series Cricket rebellion .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Australia have beaten England in their last seven matches at the WACA and with the hosts ' pacemen licking their lips , it may take something truly special from Joe Root 's men just to keep the series alive to the Boxing Day test in Melbourne .
Managing that would be a victory of sorts , given England need only to square the five-test series at 2-2 to keep the coveted urn .
Having fought hard but ultimately crumbled at both the Gabba and the Adelaide Oval , England 's chances of rallying at the WACA have been given short shrift by bookmakers .
Their week has also included further off-field problems with coach Trevor Bayliss left fuming after English Lions batsman Ben Duckett poured a drink over the head of James Anderson in a Perth bar .
And yet , a small increase in application by the tourists could ensure a contest at the WACA .
England have paid dearly for a few dreadful sessions and the scoreline has , to an extent , flattered Steve Smith 's Australia .
The vulnerability of the home side 's batting was on full display in the second innings at Adelaide Oval as they crashed out for 133 to raise England 's hopes of an unlikely victory .
Several of Australia 's batsmen are under pressure , most notably number five Peter Handscomb whose place could be taken by Mitchell Marsh , an all-rounder with a poor batting record at test level .
Anderson and the England seamers , meanwhile , will have enjoyed a boost of confidence from Adelaide , where Craig Overton provided much better support than Jake Ball at the Gabba .
More will be needed from the English batsmen , though , given none have managed a century this series .
Root and their most senior batsman Alastair Cook have been particularly culpable for failing to set the benchmark by converting promising starts into big scores .
Both were present for England 's last capitulation at the WACA and will be desperate to make a contribution to avoiding another .
( Editing by Nick Mulvenney )
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
3 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Tropical Storm Nate took aim at Caribbean resorts on Mexico 's Yucatan peninsula on Friday on its way to the U.S. Gulf Coast where it could strike as a hurricane this weekend after killing at least 22 people in Central America .
SAN JOSE : Tropical Storm Nate took aim at Caribbean resorts on Mexico 's Yucatan peninsula on Friday on its way to the U.S. Gulf Coast where it could strike as a hurricane this weekend after killing at least 22 people in Central America .
Nate was blowing maximum sustained winds of 45 miles per hour ( 72 kmh ) and was about 230 miles ( 370 km ) southeast of the Mexican holiday resort island of Cozumel early on Friday morning , according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami .
The storm is expected to reach the eastern edge of the Yucatan peninsula , home to popular vacation destinations such as Cancun and Playa del Carmen , on Friday evening , the NHC said .
Nate will likely strengthen to a hurricane by the time it hits the northern Gulf of Mexico , it added . Oil and natural gas producers began evacuating staff at U.S. Gulf of Mexico platforms on Thursday .
The storm doused Central America with heavy rains on Thursday , killing at least 11 people in Nicaragua , eight in Costa Rica , two in Honduras and one in El Salvador , local authorities said .
Thousands were forced to evacuate their homes and Costa Rica 's government declared a state of emergency , closing schools and all other non-essential services .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nate is predicted to become a Category 1 hurricane , the weakest category on a five-level scale used by meteorologists , by the time it hits the U.S. Gulf Coast on Sunday .
U.S. officials from Florida to Texas told residents on Thursday to prepare for the storm .
A state of emergency was declared for 29 Florida counties and the city of New Orleans , devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
The NHC has issued a hurricane watch from Morgan City , Louisiana , to the Mississippi-Alabama border , including New Orleans , Lake Pontchartrain , and Lake Maurepas .
Nate is expected to produce six to 10 inches ( 15 to 25 cm ) of rain in parts of Honduras and Nicaragua , two to four inches ( 5 to 10 cm ) of rain in eastern Yucatan and western Cuba and three to six inches ( 8 to 15 inches ) of rain in the U.S. central Gulf Coast .
On Friday morning , the storm was moving northwest at 14 miles per hour ( 23 kmh ) .
( Writing and additional reporting by Julia Love ; Editing by Alistair Bell )
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost . Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC . More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs . Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods , the services you request or are needed to complete the move , and/or on the pricing of each individual mover . Also , certain costs are not reflected in this calculation , for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs .
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice , the Washington Post reported on Wednesday , citing unnamed officials .
Mueller is investigating alleged Russia interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign . Former FBI Director James Comey told Congress last week they believe they were fired by Trump to undermine the agency 's Russia probe .
( Reporting by Eric Beech )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
A car rollover at 8 p.m. on March 16th , 2018 , resulted in charges of improper lane usage , failure to reduce speed to avoid an accident and driving under the influence of alcohol for Danny Fitzgibbons .
Fitzgibbons was driving south on N. Menominee Rd when their vehicle left the roadway . The vehicle then struck a concrete drainage culvert , sending the vehicle airborne . Upon landing , the vehicle rolled , coming to rest on the tires . Fitzgibbons was later transported to Midwest Medical Center in Galena where they were treated and released . After being released , Fitzgibbons was transported to the Jo Daviess County Jail .
This incident remains under investigation .
- Advertisement -
The late military dictator , Sanni Abacha , died a day before effecting their plans to shut down The Punch newspapers , a former chair of the paper , Ajibola Ogunshola , has said .
Mr. Ogunshola made this known in their introductory remarks at a public lecture delivered by a former U.S. ambassador to Nigeria , Walter Carrington .
The lecture , which also marked the launch of “ Defend the Defenseless ” , a book written by Arese Carrington , wife of the former diplomat , held in Lagos .
Mr. Ogunshola , who was the chairperson on the occasion , regaled the audience with tales of the role played by the press during the struggles for democratic rule under Mr. Abacha .
They also explained how The Punch was shut down by the military when they were the company 's chairperson , adding that the first was shortly after Mr. Carrington was accredited on November 9 , 1993 .
“ During the years of military rule , ” they said , “ the press as a whole suffered . The National Concord and The PUNCH bore the brunt of the fate that befell newspapers and some magazines .
- Advertisement -
“ One of the journalists in detention then , Mr. Babafemi Ojudu , after their release , said that when under incarceration , they got information from some soldiers on June 7 , 1998 that Abacha had concluded plans to close down The Punch again .
“ But the day after , that was on June 8 , Abacha died , ” they narrated .
Mr. Ogunsola explained that Mr. Carrington , in what was against the norm , stood fearlessly against the military junta and joined in the struggle for democracy .
The former diplomat was U.S. ambassador to Nigeria between 1993 to 1997 and they are renown for their fearless stance on issues of human rights and democratic freedom .
The late Mr. Abacha ruled Nigeria as a dictator between 1993 and 1998 , after taking over power from the interim government of Ernest Shonekan in a bloodless coup . They were notorious for their clampdown on pro-democracy activists and the press .
Riyad Mahrez will not be included in Leicester City boss Claude Puel 's squad for the visit of Swansea City as the Algerian 's standoff with the Foxes for their refusal to entertain a deadline day bid from Manchester City rumbles on .
Mahrez has not trained since City 's withdrew their interest on Wednesday 's due to Leicester 's demands .
“ Riyad is not available for this game , ” Puel told a news conference on Friday .
“ All I can say about the situation is that this is the best decision for Leicester , in the best interests of Leicester . It is also the best decision for Riyad .
“ It is a tough situation for us to manage but now it is time to move on and keep our focus . ”
It is not the first time that Mahrez , who played a huge role in inspiring Leicester 's remarkable 2015/16 Premier League triumph , has tried to force their way out at the King Power .
However , Puel is hopeful the 26-year-old can return for the remainder of the season having also played a big part in Leicester 's upturn in fortunes since the French coach replaced Craig Shakespeare in October .
“ I hope they can come back with us . They are an important player for us , of course , ” added Puel .
“ He can come back to the team and we need to stay united . It is difficult to manage but it will stay inside the club . We need to move forward and focus on football .
“ We ca n't change anything about the situation . We need to find again a good feeling and help them come back with a positive attitude to enjoy their football . ”
Reports suggest City were willing to offer £50 million ( $ 71 million , 57 million euros ) plus a player they valued at £15 million to land Mahrez .
But the Foxes asking price was closer to £80 million cash which the Premier League leaders were not willing to pay .
Mahrez joined Leicester for just £350,000 from French side Le Havre in 2014 .
Share :
Smart School project gets share in budget to transform educational institutions of ICT
ISLAMABAD : An amount of Rs 200 million has been allocated for implementation of the project “ Establishment of Smart Schools in ICT ” in the budget of the year 2018-19 , aiming transformation of public institutions through adding the latest facilities .
According to an official of Capital Administration and Development Division ( CADD ) , the idea of upgrading educational facilities in 32 public educational institutions across the country under this project was conceived and launched by Ministry of Planning , Development and Reforms by the year 2016 . “ However , the project is lingering for the last two years with no significant work initiated so far due to administrative changes in the respective departments , causing delay ” , the official revealed while talking to APP . The project , as a part of Prime Minister Education Reforms Programme , was one of the major steps towards first goal of Vision 2025 , i.e . Human and Social Capital .
The project was supposed to transform 32 schools , 24 from Islamabad Capital territory and eight from provinces , into Smart schools by introducing blended learning approach through the use of modern technology and was all about employing technology to improve learning outcomes of students and brighten their chances of better livelihood .
It was a big step towards revolutionizing the education system and contributing to promote the creativity and innovation among students , the official added . –APP
The project also included training of teachers and principals of the relevant institutions under Federal Directorate of Education ( FDE ) with the help of private sector regarding use of modern equipment and latest teaching methodologies . The project to be assigned to the students under this initiative was all about blended under the modern concept of STEAM ( Science , Technology , Engineering , the Arts and Mathematics ) .
The National Association of Nigerian Students has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to forget about the 2019 General elections and step up security in order to stop the incessant killings by herdsmen across the country .
The NANS President , Comrade Chinonso Obasi , who stated this while speaking to newsmen in Minna , Niger State on Saturday , frowned at the delay of government towards ensuring that security is sustained in states that have come under the attack of herdsmen .
Coming after the herdsmen attack on Taraba State , the students ' body declared that the cattle colony proposed by the Federal Government is dead on arrival and would not hold as government has no right in making the issue of the herdsmen a priority over that of farmers .
According to Obasi : “ President Buhari needs to stop focusing on 2019 and deal with the security issue at hand .
“ A government that can not proffer security to the people can not be proud to call itself a government .
“ NANS is charging the President to step up in security .
“ He should stop being presidential and listen to the yearnings of the people .
“ There are issues and a lot of questions that are being unanswered and instead of discussing them , they are busy discussing about 2019 election .
“ It is only those who are alive that will vote in 2019 . ”
Speaking further on the cattle colony proposed by the Federal Government , Obasi said government has no business doing business , pointing out that cattle rearing is a business that should not be imposed on the people .
They called on the government to create an enabling business environment and leave how to run the business to individuals , saying : “ A farmer is a farmer .
“ Cattle rearing is farming and there should not be any priority placed on any group of farmers .
“ Imposing cattle herdsmen on the people is not the way forward .
“ Every geopolitical zone has its own way of farming .
“ If any farmer finds a place habitable , they should negotiate with the owners of the land and if they are satisfied , they can do their business there .
“ Cattle colony will not work . ”
Obasi also declared that the people are tired of the strategies being talked about by the military and the police , stressing the need to move beyond strategies to action .
They said : “ We are tired of hearing the strategies the military and police are bringing to place .
“ We want to see actions in terms of security . ”
They then charged President Buhari to implement the 2014 National Conference report , stating that it would proffer a lasting solution to the insecurity issues bedeviling the Nation .
Katy Perry was spotted at Ed Sheeran 's Staples Center concerts in Los Angeles Saturday night getting cozy with ex-boyfriend Orlando Bloom .
The 32-year-old American pop star and 40-year-old British actor attended the show wearing jackets and baseball caps , but their attempt to blend in with the crowd did n't stop audiences from taking note .
Many even announced the not-so-secret reunion on social media :
“ Orlando put their arm around Katy 's waist several times , and at one point , they sat on their lap , ” an eyewitness told ET . “ Orlando seemed to be having a great time and really seemed to enjoy the concert , even dancing at one point . Katy was more laid back and seemed to just be listening and taking it all in . ”
The viewer added the pair were sitting in first-row floor seats with a side view of the stage .
Another eyewitness told the celebrity news site Perry and Bloom went backstage near the dressing rooms after the concert and “ they seemed to be happy and uplifted. ” Also , “ they were holding hands . ”
“ They all seemed to be having the time of their lives , ” a third eyewitness claimed . “ They looked to be enjoying the music . They danced a lot . [ Bloom ] held and hugged them from behind . ”
The former couple ended their relationship in March after 10 months of dating .
Related Video 0:59 Katy Perry ranks past lovers John Mayer , Orlando Bloom and Diplo
Rolling Stones star Keith Richards has paid tribute to their former partner and mother of their children Anita Pallenberg , who has died aged 75 following a long illness .
Model and Rolling Stones ' muse Pallenberg was in a relationship with Richards from from 1967 until 1980 , which produced three children .
A spokesperson for Richards said : `` Anita Pallenberg passed away peacefully at St Richard 's Hospital , Chichester yesterday June 13 with their family by their side . They were 75 years old and had been ill for some time . ''
Guitarist Richards said : `` A most remarkable woman . Always in my heart . ''
The couple had two sons , Marlon and Tara Jo Jo , and daughter Angela .
Tara Jo Jo died from SIDS ( sudden infant death syndrome ) at two months old in 1976 .
Prior to their romance with Richards , during which they had a well-publicised battle with drugs , Pallenberg was in a relationship with the Rolling Stones ' former member Brian Jones .
Pallenberg was born in German-occupied Rome in April 1942 , and became a model at the age of 16 .
An It Girl of the 1960s and 1970s , they were largely associated with Andy Warhol 's Factory and embodied the style and spirit of the era .
Away from modelling , they also forged a career as an actor , appearing in dozens of films , including avant-garde crime drama Performance with Rolling Stones ' frontman Sir Mick Jagger , and sci-fi classic Barbarella .
Singer and actor Marianne Faithfull said they will `` remember the good times '' shared with their close friend Pallenberg in a tribute posted on Facebook .
They wrote : `` Anita used to say that we ( the two of us ) are light years ahead of the Rolling Stones . Witty and probably true !
`` I will miss Anita so much ; 52 years ! I really loved them We had good times & bad times , but I only remember the good times now .
`` She taught me so much , especially after we got clean ; it was very good , and so much fun ! Farewell my love , go well . ''
Along with their message , Faithfull shared the WB Yeats poem Aedh Wishes for the Cloths of Heaven .
Pallenberg 's death was reported after their friend , actor Stella Schnabel , posted a photo and accompanying message on Instagram .
Schnabel has since made their social media account private .
Pallenberg will be cremated with a memorial service to follow at a later date .
They are survived by their children Marlon and Angela , and grandchildren Ella , Orson , Ida , Ava and Otto .
BERLIN/FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - The U.S. ambassador to Germany has told German car bosses that President Donald Trump would suspend threats to impose tariffs on cars imported from the European Union if the bloc lifted duties on U.S. cars , a German newspaper reported on Wednesday .
Handelsblatt said Ambassador Richard Grenell told executives from Daimler , Volkswagen and BMW during a meeting that in exchange Trump wanted the EU to annul duties on U.S. cars imported to the bloc .
Trump threatened last month to impose a 20-percent import tariff on all EU-assembled vehicles , which could upend the industry 's current business model for selling cars in the United States .
Handelsblatt cited people present at the meeting , which took place at the U.S. embassy in Berlin on Wednesday . It said the chief executives of Daimler , BMW and Volkswagen - Dieter Zetsche , Harald Krueger and Herbert Diess respectively - were in attendance .
Daimler declined to comment . BMW and Volkswagen were not immediately available for comment .
A spokesperson for the German Economy Ministry also declined to comment on the report , saying issues related to the trade dispute with the United States were being handled by the European Commission in Brussels on behalf of EU member states .
A European Commission spokesperson declined to comment on the report . They said Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker would discuss trade during talks with Trump in Washington later this month .
`` This will be an opportunity to discuss the many issues of common interest , notably also relating to trade , '' the spokesperson said .
Current U.S. import tariff rates on cars are 2.5 percent and on trucks 25 percent . The EU has a 10 percent levy on car imports from the United States .
Trump hit the EU , Canada and Mexico with tariffs of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent on aluminum at the start of June , ending exemptions that had been in place since March .
The EU executive responded by imposing its own import duties of 25 percent on a range of U.S. goods , including steel and aluminium products , farm produce such as sweetcorn and peanuts , bourbon , jeans and motor-bikes .
Trump 's protectionist trade policies , which also target Chinese imports , have raised fears of a full-blown and protracted trade war that threatens to damage the world economy .
( Reporting by Joseph Nasr in Berlin , Christoph Steitz in Frankfurt and Francesco Guarascio in Brussels ; Editing by William Maclean and Mark Potter )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
President Muhammadu Buhari Wednesday in Abuja assured the new president of Sierra Leone , Julius Bio , of Nigeria 's support , as their work towards a stable and improved economy .
Receiving the Sierra Leonean leader at the Presidential Villa , President Buhari congratulated Mr Bio on their successful elections and the transitions that ushered in a new government in the country .
“ We will continually stand by you to ensure stability in your country . We believe security in the West Coast region , Africa and the world should be a collective concern , '' they said .
Mr Buhari said Nigeria had for long provided security support for the country , especially during the 11 years of civil war , and would continue to assist the forces on the ground to ensure the peace and stability needed for development .
President Buhari noted that they shared a lot in common with the Sierra Leonean president , which includes ruling the country as a former military general , contesting several elections as opposition and winning to face the challenges of security and an ailing economy .
In their remarks , the president of Sierra Leone said their country remains grateful to Nigeria for the brotherly role it played in ensuring an end to protracted civil war in the country , and the successful political transitions since then .
Mr Bio said they would work towards deepening the bilateral relations with Nigeria , and the strengthening of the regional bond , particularly in the areas of security and trade .
Americans collect things . Everything from expensive wristwatches to empty food containers .
Some collect things that can not be possessed like bird and celebrity sightings , while others collect hard evidence of those sightings with photos and autographs .
As for me , I collect sightings of famous and odd ducks not of the human variety . The ones I collect can be seen in rodeos , parades and zoos , and use their brains for something other than writing scripts for reality TV shows .
In my day I 've met up close and personal Monty Montana 's horse , a talking chicken , Jet Deck , a duck that could type , Peppy San Badger and a two-headed calf that was somewhat suspicious because I could see the stitch line where the second head had been sewn on .
“ Pullquote text
I 've also met Bertha the Elephant , Poco Bueno and Borden 's mascot , Elsie the Cow . Although I suspect there was more than one Elsie because from one year to the next Elsie never seemed to recognize me . Ditto for the Budweiser Clydesdales who I simply adore . Any time they showed up within 60 miles of my house I was there .
Recommended Stories For You
Collecting famous animals is dangerous business . You ca n't just whip out a small notebook to get their autograph like you would with a fading Hollywood star or a washed up third baseman .
I 've been stepped on by a Lipezzan stallion , pecked on the top of the head by a $ 35,000 ostrich , spit on by a famous llama and nearly gored by a bull with the longest horn spread in the world . I was also nearly drowned by Shamu the Killer Whale when they did a belly flop in their tank at Sea World and drenched the crowd from head to tail . I swear I saw Shamu smile afterwards . I think they enjoyed it .
My attraction to animal stars began early in my life when a nearby private zoo that rented animals to Hollywood declared bankruptcy and left all the old animal movie stars to fend for themselves . Some monkeys who had starring roles in Tarzan movies were sighted in the trees at a high school but I , and several thousand other residents , were far more interested in the lion and tiger stars that were rumored to be in the general vicinity . This was far more interesting to me than going to Disneyland because all the animals there had steel for bones and wires for brains .
I never did get to see Lassie , Mr. Ed The Talking Horse , or the Lone Ranger 's mount , although I did get to see Trigger at Roy Roger 's museum . ( The stuffed horse deal kinda creeped me out . )
At a supermarket grand opening I did see from afar the sailor who drew pictures of Popeye and many other cartoon characters on TV , all while talking to a colorful parrot on their shoulder .
When the sailor showed up without the parrot 300 kids aged 4 through 12 rioted in the streets . It was no great loss because later I learned the parrot was real full of themselves and cussed worse than any sailor ever did . Although in retrospect , I might have learned a few words they did n't teach us in English class .
Although I do n't have a lot of famous autographs some heir can sell for lots of money on eBay , I do have memories of meeting Arlinda Chief ( Holstein ) , Big Sky Guy ( Angus ) , Lerch , ( Hereford ) and the `` Angus '' steer that won Denver but after the dye faded was determined to be at least half Charolais . Had I had any idea they were going to be as famous as they became I 'd have paid more attention to them . But then , I can say the same thing after meeting Baxter Black or Bob Tallman for the first time .
The only physical proof I have that I 've ever met a really famous animal is the photo I have of me as a two-year-old mounted on Gene Rambo 's horse at a rodeo my grandpa put on . At least that 's what Grandpa told me , for all I know the nag could 've belonged to one of the pick-up men . Oh , and perhaps some scientist can lift some famous DNA from the faded spot on my good shirt that , how should I say this delicately , was shat upon by the gaseous Grand Champion bull with projectile-like diarrhea through the bars of a Cow Palace sale ring.❖
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
3 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Comcast Corp said on Monday it had abandoned its bid for most of the assets of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc , leaving Walt Disney Co as the sole suitor in pursuit of the US $ 40 billion-plus deal .
REUTERS : Comcast Corp said on Monday it had abandoned its bid for most of the assets of Rupert Murdoch 's Twenty-First Century Fox Inc , leaving Walt Disney Co as the sole suitor in pursuit of the US $ 40 billion-plus deal .
Sources told Reuters last week that Disney was in the lead to acquire the assets , which include Fox 's FX and National Geographic cable channels , its movie studio , the Star network in India and stake in European pay-TV provider Sky PLC .
The Murdoch family , which controls Fox , prefers a deal with Disney because it would rather be paid in Disney stock than Comcast stock , and expects a potential deal with Disney to be cleared by U.S. antitrust regulators more easily , one of the sources said .
Comcast , the biggest cable provider in the United States , said in a statement on Monday that its discussions with Fox had ended .
`` When a set of assets like Fox 's becomes available , it is our responsibility to evaluate if there is a strategic fit that could benefit our company and our shareholders , '' Comcast said . `` That is what we tried to do and we are no longer engaged in the review of those assets . We never got the level of engagement needed to make a definitive offer . ''
The assets in question would have expanded Comcast 's international footprint through ownership of Sky and Star . A source told Reuters in mid-November that Comcast had approached Fox about its interest , and talks were in early stages .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Disney 's negotiations with Fox are continuing , and a deal could be reached as early as this month , sources close to the situation said on Monday . The persons asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential .
Disney did not immediately respond to request for comment . A Fox representative declined to comment .
Any potential deal will follow the U.S. Department of Justice 's decision last month to sue to block AT & T Inc 's US $ 85.4 billion deal to buy Time Warner Inc .
Comcast shares were up 1.5 percent in after-hours trading , while Disney shares were up 0.2 percent and Fox shares fell 1.3 percent .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
( Reporting by Anjali Athavaley and Jessica Toonkel in New York ; Editing by Matthew Lewis )
Today is a great day for you if you 've got a dollar to spare and a deep appreciation for the Italian mountainsides . The tiny Italian town of Ollolai is putting abandoned houses on the market for just 1 euro , or $ 1.20 , which should n't throw your budget out of wack too much .
Like other Italian towns before it , Ollolai is facing a shortage of young people . Its population has shrunk from 2,250 to 1,300 in the last 50 years , CNN reports , and if it wants to stay alive , it has to lure in outsiders . The $ 1 stone houses are empty and rundown , so there 's a caveat to all this : Buyers must commit to a refurbishing the homes in three years , which would cost an extra $ 25,000 , bringing the total price of these houses up to $ 25,001 .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Ollolai is located in the middle of Sardinia , an Italian island in the Mediterranean with mountains , cliffs , and luxurious beaches . Ollolai itself is near protected forest land and sits just an hour away from the cliffs of Cala Gonone , where you can snorkel and scuba dive in the sea . As one resident told CNN , `` The fresh air , zero smog , and great views have a healing power . My bones and back do n't hurt anymore . '' Quite the endorsement .
There are 200 homes available , and Ollolai 's mayor says he 's already received 100 applications . You can apply here—hopefully you know a bit of Italian . All things considered , it 's a small price to pay for a quiet life surrounded by Italian mountain views .
Follow Delish on Instagram .
Download the Delish app .
From : Esquire
By Jeff Mason and David Lawder
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that a new NAFTA trade deal could be completed quickly , as ministers from Canada , Mexico and the United States prepared to meet later in the day to try to work out their differences and hash out an agreement .
`` NAFTA , as you know , is moving along . They ( Mexico ) have an election coming up very soon . And it will be interesting to see what happens with that election , '' Trump said at a cabinet meeting briefly attended by reporters .
`` But we 're doing very nicely with NAFTA . I could make a deal really quickly , but I 'm not sure that 's in the best interests of the United States . But we 'll see what happens , '' they added .
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland , U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo are pressing for a quick deal to avoid clashing with Mexico 's July 1 presidential election . That will entail overcoming major differences on several U.S. demands .
Guajardo said that flexibility will be needed to reach an agreement on a revamped North American Free Trade Agreement deal .
They also underscored that Mexico would not accept any U.S. tariffs on aluminium or steel , saying that a revised NAFTA should serve to settle the issue with its northern neighbour .
Asked by reporters if a deal was imminent , Guajardo said : `` Any day that you start ( to ) walk towards a goal nobody can guarantee that you will achieve it , ( it ) depends on the commitment and flexibilities around the table . ''
Negotiators have said a new NAFTA could be possible by early May , and officials hailed progress on the key issue of new automotive sector rules last week .
`` In the coming 10 days we can really have a new agreement in principle , '' said Moises Kalach , head of the international negotiating arm of the CCE business lobby , which represents the Mexican private sector at the NAFTA talks .
The three sides still need to iron out differences on content rules for autos , dispute resolution mechanisms and other issues .
`` As soon as there is political will from the American government to go for a final deal , I think we can close this , '' Kalach told Mexican radio . `` We 've had all our ( negotiating ) teams in Washington for two weeks and we will continue working all this week , the weekend and into next week . ''
Guajardo also said there was no need for a separate deal with the United States on steel and aluminium by May 1 when the current exemption on U.S. tariffs expires .
`` I think whatever we do has to take into account the kind of commitment that we 're going to do in NAFTA , and definitely , Mexico has been very clear : we will not accept any type of restrictions in aluminium or steel , '' they said .
Last month , Trump pressed ahead with import tariffs of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent for aluminium but exempted Canada and Mexico and offered the possibility of excluding other allies .
( Additional reporting by Anthony Esposito and Veronica Gomez in Mexico City ; Editing by Phil Berlowitz and James Dalgleish )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
The Patterson 10U Cal Ripken All-Star team finished fourth at the state tournament Sunday in Kentwood . Team members are , kneeling from left , Zeph Brinlee , George LaCoste , Jackson Gierman , Hayden Ribardi , Chance Rochel and Stephen Swisher IV . On the middle row are Caleb Jennings , Javyn Christopher , Brody Newton , William Whitten , Jeremy Allemond and Linzy Howard . On the back row are assistant coaches Taylor Jennings and Clay Broussard and head coach Stephen Swisher III . ( Submitted Photo/Courtesy of Ashley Dinger )
Cody May scores early in the first half against Bethany Saturday . May scored 10 points in Tabor 's 98-80 victory . The win clinched the KCAC regular-season title for Tabor .
With two regular-season games still to play , the Tabor College men 's basketball team secured its third-consecutive regular season title with a win over Bethany Saturday night .
At 17-3 , the KCAC-leading Bluejays hold a two-game lead over York , with whom Tabor holds the tiebreaker .
Bethany—Tabor used a dominating second-half performance to defeat the Swedes , 98-80 , Saturday .
The Bluejays shot the ball well , finishing just under 52 percent from the field for the game ( 40-for-77 ) .
After Tabor took an early , 6-2 , lead , Bethany outscored the Bluejays , 11-2 in a 2:31 span to build its largest lead of the night , 13-8 .
The teams battled to an 18-18 tie , then DeShun Patterson scored to ignite a 10-0 Bluejay run capped by Jordan Horstick 's transition basket with 5:31 left in the half .
Bethany narrowed the gap to four a few times after that , and Tabor led , 38-34 , at halftime .
The Swedes outscored Tabor , 7-2 , in the first two minutes of the second half to lead , 41-40 . Alan Urrutia drained the first of their three second-half three-pointers to put Tabor in front . Bethany led by two a few times , the final at 48-46 . Then Lance Carter made two free-throws to tie the game , and Urrutia drained their second trey to put Tabor in front for good .
Julian Winton later scored six points in a row , including two baskets in transition and a pair of free throws to extend Tabor 's lead to 10 , 61-51 .
Patterson threw down the first of two alley-oop dunks with 11:12 to play off an assist by Carter . That lit the fuse as Tabor went on a 15-3 run after that . Carter found Patterson for a second alley-oop less than two minutes later , and by the time Carter made a trey and two free-throws , Tabor was in front , 78-58 , with 8:25 left in the game .
Tabor enjoyed its largest lead , 93-69 , when Winton made a trey with 3:44 to go , and coach Micah Ratzlaff cleared their bench en route to the 18-point win .
“ Down the stretch , I thought we played really good defense , made it really tough on them , ” Ratzlaff said . “ The second half was better offensively , and we 've been looking for that . ”
Carter led the Bluejay scoring effort with 22 points . Winton scored 14 , Tullio Parry 12 to add to their 13 rebounds , Urrutia 11 and Cody May 10 .
Southwestern—Tabor suffered a 90-79 defeat on the road Thursday .
The Bluejays led by five a few times in the game 's first three minutes , the final time being 9-4 after Davaghndre Jones scored in the paint . Southwestern scored eight unanswered after that before Julian Winton recorded two steals that led to two baskets in a 22-second span to put Tabor in front , 13-12 . Six consecutive ‘ Builder points put Southwestern up by five , then Tabor scored the next six to lead , 19-18 .
The Bluejays held what would be their final lead , 27-26 , after Jonathan Gibson made two free-throws with 7:48 left in the half . An 11-2 Southwestern run over the next 4:04 put the home team in front by eight , 37-29 . Alan Urrutia hit a three-pointer with two seconds left in the half to trim an eight-point deficit to five at intermission , 46-41 .
Three three-pointers keyed a 13-4 Moundbuilder run in the first three minutes of the second half , leading to a 14-point Bluejay deficit , 59-45 . Tullio Parry drained a trey after that to ignite a 12-0 run that closed the gap to 59-56 after Jones scored at the 13:48 mark . But Tabor never could regain an advantage . The Bluejays drew within 72-70 with 6:36 left in the game , then missed five of their next six attempts , allowing Southwestern to regain a double-digit lead , 84-74 .
The closest Tabor got after that was within six , 85-79 . Southwestern scored the final five points of the game at the charity stripe .
The Bluejays made just 27 percent of their attempts from beyond the arc ( 9-for-34 ) and struggled to find a rhythm against Southwestern 's zone .
“ ( Their zone ) made things messy for us offensively , and they hit some really big shots , ” coach Micah Ratzlaff said . “ We did n't guard real well at times . We 'd get down eight , nine , got it within two , and we just were n't able to get in any type of groove . ”
Julian Winton led Tabor 's scoring effort with 22 points . Davaghndre Jones scored 21 , and Cody May 11 .
Coming—Tabor will conclude the regular season this week . The Bluejays will travel to Kansas Wesleyan ( 8-12 , 12-16 ) Thursday for an 8 p.m. game and will host Oklahoma Wesleyan ( 9-11 , 12-15 ) Saturday at 7 p.m .
As winners of the regular season , Tabor will advance to the NAIA Division II national championship tournament for the fourth-consecutive year .
The national championship will take place March 8-14 in Point Lookout , Mo .
A few weeks ago , Jurassic World 2 director J.A . Bayona shared the first photo from the set of this highly-anticipated sequel , teasing that filming is about to begin soon . That was n't exactly a surprise to some fans , since there had been reports that filming will start this February in London . While it has n't been confirmed if cameras have started rolling or not , production is getting closer and closer to happening , as evidenced by a new photo from producer Frank Marshall .
Frank Marshall , who produced the 2015 blockbuster Jurassic World along with Steven Spielberg , took to Twitter to share a photo of their new London office . Alongside a poster of Jurassic World is a poster for the 1960 cult classic Dinosaurus ! , along with a number of dinosaur toys on a shelf , setting the stage for this new sequel . This new image comes just hours after a new report surfaced that shed some potential light on the story .
Earlier today , it was revealed that Universal Pictures has registered two new domain names , IslaNublarRescueMission.com and AllCreaturesHaveRights.com , which offers some interesting insight into potential plot details . Colin Trevorrow , who is returning to co-write and produce the sequel , while ceding the director 's chair to J.A . Bayona , hinted in an interview that the story may mirror certain animal rights issues that we 're currently facing today . There has also been talk that the movie may deal with the aspect of weaponized dinosaurs , which was slightly touched on in the original . Vincent D'Onofrio 's character Hoskins speaks about the weapon potential for these dinosaurs , in particular , the raptors trained by Owen Grady ( Chris Pratt ) .
Still , Universal has n't released any official plot details , but the cast certainly is coming together quickly . Chris Pratt ( Owen Grady ) , Bryce Dallas Howard ( Claire Dearing ) and B.D . Wong ( Dr. Henry Wu ) are all reprising their roles from the 2015 blockbuster Jurassic World . Among the several new cast members coming aboard are Rafe Spall , Toby Jones , Justice Smith , Daniella Pineda and , the most recent addition , Ted Levine . Unfortunately , no details have been given about any of these characters quite yet , but with production presumably starting up soon , perhaps we 'll finally get some official details pertaining to the story and the characters .
J.A . Bayona is directing Jurassic World 2 from a script by Colin Trevorrow and Derek Connolly , with the director recently revealing that the sequel will have a whopping $ 260 production budget . While that is a significant increase from the $ 150 million that Jurassic World was made under , an unidentified source disputed that claim , revealing that the budget is n't even finalized yet . 2015 's Jurassic World eanred $ 652.2 million domestically and $ 1.5 billion worldwide during its theatrical run in 2015 , with Jurassic World 2 currently the only movie set for release on June 22 , 2018 . Take a look at this photo from Jurassic World 2 as production gets under way in London .
Colourful and oozing defiance , a sports-friendly version of the abaya gown was once considered a symbol of cultural rebellion in conservative Saudi Arabia , but it is fast becoming the new normal.Pictures of female athletes running in the garb in the Red Sea city of Jeddah went viral last month , setting off a new debate on sartorial freedoms for women in a country where the typically all-black , body-shrouding garment is obligatory in public.Some cultural purists vented fury online , calling it a breach of tradition , but opposition has been largely muted following recent comments from powerful Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman that the abaya -- any abaya -- is not mandatory in Islam.Until a formal edict comes however , designers such as Eman Joharjy are cashing in on the growing popularity of the so-called sports abayas , as many women push back against traditional attitudes of equating chastity with dress code . `` There is a big demand , '' Joharjy told AFP at their fashion studio in Jeddah . `` Having them in different colours is empowering . `` Akin to a zippered jumpsuit , sports abayas envelop a woman 's body but offer greater mobility for sporting activities , in contrast to the classic baggy version where tripping on the hem of the flowing garment is a common risk . The 43-year-old 's designs come in colours like pistachio green , beige and white -- more tolerable in the kingdom 's scorching heat -- and they use natural fabrics , including French poplin , that do not cling to a sweating body.One of the early pioneers of the trend , Joharjy said they were branded a social outlier and jeered by some as `` batman '' when they began designing -- and donning -- sports abayas publicly in 2007 . `` There was a little bit of rebellion but I designed it for myself , because it 's practical , '' they said . `` You zip up and are ready to go . `` Joharjy has defied a popular maxim in Saudi Arabia : `` If it 's not black , it 's not an abaya . `` Abayas have evolved over the years , with new patterns , fabrics and embellishments , and they are sometimes worn in the kingdom with baseball-style caps over headscarves . The latest fad is an eye-catching ensemble of `` soccer-themed abayas '' -- in the colours of the local teams , a new way for female sporting fans to cheer for their favourite players . Such fashion trends are gaining momentum amid the kingdom 's liberalisation drive , including a historic royal decree allowing women to drive from June and enter sports stadiums for the first time.The government is also seeking to jump-start women 's sports and is moving toward compulsory physical education classes for girls , after a ban was lifted in 2014.Saudi officials recently announced that women would be able to participate next year in the Riyadh international marathon , previously a male-only event . Women exercising in public were long a target for the kingdom 's austere religious police , which has largely been neutered in recent years . And the once-unthinkable idea of doing away with the abaya appears to now be gaining traction . `` The laws are very clear and stipulated in the laws of Sharia : that women wear decent , respectful clothing , like men , '' Prince Mohammed told CBS Television last month . `` This , however , does not particularly specify a black abaya . ( It ) is entirely left for women to decide what type of decent and respectful attire to wear . `` Muslim cleric Sheikh Ahmed bin Qassim al-Ghamdi added a new wrinkle to the debate when they dismissed the long-held view that black was the only colour for abayas permissible in Islam . `` The cloak is meant for maintaining a modest look and it does not have to be black , '' the former chief of the religious police in the holy city of Mecca , told Saudi-owned Al-Arabiya television last month . But the risk of a social backlash is real in a society steeped in conservatism . `` They look like cleaners ! '' a tweet said , in response to viral images of athletes dressed in sports abayas . `` Their purpose is not sports . We have all been running in full body veil , '' tweeted another . Back at Joharjy 's studio , a longtime client Marwa al-Hadi walked in wearing one of their designs with magenta sneakers . `` Abaya is like the Indian saree , it is part of our identity , '' Joharjy told her , as they weighed in on the future evolution of the garment . `` But at the same time , if God did not want women to do sports , we would not have muscles or a body . `` Hadi nodded . `` It is no one 's business to stop and question what I 'm wearing , '' they said .
CAIRO : Warring Libyan factions tentatively agreed late on Tuesday on an Egypt-brokered roadmap to heal divisions with the creation of a joint committee to negotiate reconciliation and elections by February 2018 .
The deal comes after months of diplomatic efforts by Egypt , culminating this week with visits by Fayez Seraj , prime minister of the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli , and Khalifa Haftar , a military commander supported by eastern factions .
The two men met separately with senior Egyptian military officials and had been set to sit together in a session late on Tuesday , then failed to meet due to last-minute differences .
However , three Egyptian sources involved in the talks told Reuters that Seraj and Haftar had agreed to honour the deal despite lingering tensions .
`` The two sides have agreed . I have doubts about the implementation as the atmosphere between them is ... tense but we hope the opposite happens , '' said one of the sources .
Concerned about the spread of Islamic State militants from its western neighbour , Egypt has made stabilising Libya a priority and has hosted a flurry of meetings in recent months bringing together Libyan politicians from east and west .
The Tripoli-based Government of National Accord 's ( GNA ) leadership , the Presidential Council , is made up of nine members who are meant to represent different geographical regions and political groupings within Libya .
But the U.N.-backed Council has been bitterly divided , with two of its number mostly boycotting proceedings , and different members regularly issuing contradictory statements .
Haftar is a figurehead for factions in eastern Libya but harbours national ambitions and once fought beside long-time leader Muammar Gaddafi . They have shunned the GNA but enjoys close ties with Egypt , which supports their tough approach to Islamic State and other militant groups .
Egypt has refrained from endorsing the GNA , with officials saying it is up to the Libyans to decide on their government .
LACK OF TRUST
According to a statement released by the Egyptian Armed Forces overnight , Seraj , Haftar and Agila Saleh , speaker of the eastern parliament allied to the commander , agreed to establish a committee tasked with forming a power-sharing arrangement .
The joint committee will include at least 15 members of the Tripoli-based State Council , a consultative body aligned with the GNA , and at least 15 members of the eastern parliament .
The roadmap envisages that any power-sharing deal be reflected in an revised constitution followed by presidential and parliamentary elections no later than February 2018 .
Under the plan , Seraj , Haftar and Saleh will keep their posts until the elections .
Egypt will broker the talks , but it was unclear how successful they could be given the depth of mistrust .
Tarek al-Jaroushi , a member of Libya 's eastern parliament who was in Cairo , confirmed the deal , but their comments suggested confidence was low .
`` Seraj must return to the legitimacy of ( the eastern ) parliament if they really are looking for a Government of National Accord that secures the rights of all Libyans , '' they told Reuters .
Libya began to descend into factional chaos after the 2011 uprising that , with NATO backing , ultimately toppled Gaddafi .
Since its arrival in Tripoli early last year , the GNA has struggled to assert its authority among rival armed factions reluctant to cede power . Haftar 's forces have extended their control to the west and have threatened to march on Tripoli .
The GNA also faces challenges from a third self-declared government led by Khalifa Ghwell and supported by Misratan militias .
Those militias are among Libya 's most powerful but are widely seen as sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood , which is banned in Egypt .
With Egypt reluctant to engage with Islamists of any stripe , it was unclear whether success in reconciling Haftar and Sarraj would be enough to bring peace to Libya .
( Additional reporting by Amina Ismail and Ali Abdelatti in CAIRO and Ayman al-Warfalli in BENGHAZI , Libya ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
The upcoming “ Jack Ryan ” series at Amazon have been renewed for an eight-episode second season before the series premiere , Variety has learned .
The eight-episode first season of the series , which stars John Krasinski in the title role , will debut on Aug. 31 on Prime Video . The creators of the series , executive producers Carlton Cuse and Graham Roland , will continue to serve as co-showrunners for Season 2 . Additionally , Wendell Pierce will reprise their role as James Greer .
The first season will see up-and-coming CIA analyst Ryan thrust into a dangerous field assignment for the first time . In Season 2 , Ryan confronts the forces in power in a dangerous , declining democratic regime in South America . The second season commences production this summer in Europe , South America , and the United States .
“ With so much early anticipation for ‘ Tom Clancy 's Jack Ryan ' from our customers and personally having the pleasure to preview the exhilarating , action-packed first season , we are excited to greenlight a second season of the series months ahead of its debut , ” said Jennifer Salke , head of Amazon Studios . “ The new season will take our unexpected hero to a new , exciting and dangerous world . ”
The show is produced by Paramount Television , Cuse 's Genre Arts , Michael Bay 's Platinum Dunes , and David Ellison 's Skydance Television . Bay , Andrew Form , and Brad Fuller–who all recently produced Krasinski 's film “ A Quiet Place ” –also serve as executive producers . Lindsey Springer , Mace Neufeld , Vince Calandra , Andrew Bernstein , and Skydance 's Ellison , Dana Goldberg and Marcy Ross will also executive produce the second season with Allyson Seeger serving as a co-executive producer .
The early renewal is the latest good news for Krasinski . “ A Quiet Place ” –which they directed , executive produced , co-wrote , and stars in–was once again the top draw at the weekend box office and has grossed over $ 200 million worldwide .
WARSAW , POLAND—Anti-government protesters rallied in front of the Polish Supreme Court on Wednesday in an act of solidarity with the court 's president , who is being forced to retire under a new judicial overhaul . The protesters accused the right-wing government of violating the country 's own constitution by forcing the retirement of First President Malgorzata Gersdorf and other justices , decrying the development as a decisive step in the destruction of Poland 's constitutional democracy .
Hundreds of people demonstrate to support the Polish Supreme Court Justice president in front of the Supreme Court building on Wednesday in Warsaw . Poland 's chief justice Malgorzata Gersdorf refused to step down and showed up for work on July 4 , defying a controversial new law by the right-wing government which requires them and other senior judges to retire early . ( WOJTEK RADWANSKI / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
After already having taken control of common courts and the constitutional court , the ruling right-wing Law and Justice party now has captured control of the Supreme Court , the final appeals court for all civil and criminal cases , and the body that authorizes election results . The new law , which took effect Tuesday , cuts the retirement age to 65 from 70 for Poland 's Supreme Court justices . It is forcing the chief justice and as many as one-third of the court 's 73 sitting judges to step down . Gersdorf still showed up for work Wednesday , insisting that according to the constitution , their six-year term runs through 2020 . Arriving at the Supreme Court building to applause , the 65-year-old thanked the crowd and said they were acting to protect Poland 's constitution and the rule of law .
Article Continued Below
Read more : EU moves ahead against Poland over its new Surpeme Court law Poland scraps Holocaust speech law that threatened prison for attributing Nazi crimes to nation “ I want to show that the constitution and the violation of the constitution are two different things , ” Gersdorf told the crowd . “ I still hope that the legal order will be restored in Poland. ” The crowd chanted “ Judges are not removable ! ” and “ Constitution ! ” and then marched to the Presidential Palace to show their disapproval of the law co-authored by President Andrzej Duda .
European Union officials and human rights groups have expressed alarm at changes to the Polish court system , alleging the moves represent an erosion of judicial independence that violates Western standards . The European Commission , which polices compliance with EU laws , opened an infringement procedure Monday against Poland over the Supreme Court law .
Article Continued Below
On Wednesday , Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki defended their government 's policies under tough questioning from lawmakers at the European Parliament in Strasbourg . Some accused their government of backtracking on Poland 's democratic gains , saying the new laws put the courts under political control . “ Judges are more independent now than they were in the past , ” Morawiecki countered , arguing the judicial changes will better serve ordinary people . “ We do n't want to rock the European boat , ” Morawiecki said . “ We firmly believe that the European Union has future ahead , we only want our individual , national values to be respected. ” In a debate dedicated to Europe 's future , Morawiecki also got support from some who backed Warsaw 's arguments that an overreaching EU was meddling in a sovereign state 's internal affairs . The government insists it is improving Poland 's justice system , saying it was inefficient and controlled by an untouchable “ caste ” of judges . It argues that putting judges under the control of the legislative and executive branches makes the courts answerable to voters . Back in Warsaw , some of the thousands of protesters feared the ruling party would now use its power to falsify elections . “ This is not a democratic country governed by law anymore , ” said Krzysztof Trzesniowski , a 57-year-old protester .
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. – The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating their mother and threatening them with a knife , according to police records released Monday .
Samantha Bloom , who is disabled and uses a wheelchair , repeatedly called police about their son , James Alex Fields Jr. , in 2010 and 2011 , telling officers they were on medication to control their temper , transcripts from 911 calls show .
Fields , 20 , is accused of ramming their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville , killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer .
Fields , described by a former high school teacher as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany , was charged with second-degree murder .
READ MORE : Charlottesville car attack suspect James Alex Fields Jr. denied bond
A judge denied them bail Monday after the public defender 's office said it could n't represent them because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest .
Fields was assigned a local attorney , and another hearing was set for Aug. 25 .
Records show that Fields was arrested and put in juvenile detention after their mother reported in 2011 that they stood behind them wielding a 12-inch knife .
In another incident in 2010 , they said their son smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games . There was no indication in the records that they were arrested .
Also Monday , a former classmate told The Associated Press that on a school trip to Europe in 2015 , a teenage Fields could n't stand the French and said they only went on the trip so that they could visit “ the Fatherland ” – Germany .
“ He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us , ” said Keegan McGrath .
McGrath , now 18 , said they challenged Fields on their beliefs , and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day . They said they went home after three or four days because they could n't handle being in a room with Fields .
The incident shocked McGrath because they had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years .
“ He was just a normal dude ” most of the time , though they occasionally made “ dark ” jokes that put their class on edge , including one “ offhand joke ” about the Holocaust , McGrath said .
McGrath said Fields was no outcast : “ He had friends . They had people who would chat with him . ”
Meanwhile , under pressure to speak out more forcefully , President Donald Trump condemned Ku Klux Klan members , neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “ criminals and thugs ” and declared that “ racism is evil . ”
READ MORE : What we know about James Fields , man accused of driving car into crowd in Charlottesville
Trump 's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name , and their blaming of the violence on “ many sides , ” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats .
A teacher who taught Fields in high school said Sunday that Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Hitler , and had been singled out in the ninth grade by officials at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union , Kentucky , for their “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race .
Fields also confided that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when they were younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication , according to the teacher , Derek Weimer .
Fields later enlisted in the Army and reported for basic training in 2015 but was released from active duty four months later because of what military described only as “ a failure to meet training standards . ”
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers in a helicopter crash .
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America , one of the hate groups that took part in the protest against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee . The group on Sunday denied any association with Fields .
The GST Council on Friday approved changes to give relief to small and medium businesses on filing and payment of taxes , eased rules for exporters and cut tax rates on more than two dozen items as the government looks to boost the economic growth.Businesses with an annual turnover of up to Rs 1.5 crore , which constitute 90 per cent of the taxpayer base but pay only 5-6 per cent of total tax , have been allowed to file returns and pay tax once in a quarter rather than monthly . Traders and small firms had been up in arms against the GST regime as they found the monthly filing drill to be exhaustive . Finance minister Arun Jaitley said that the GST council has taken stock and addressed the concerns of small businesses.Eating out is set to become cheaper as the GST council has given its in-principle nod to cutting the rate from 18 per cent to 12 per cent . A group of ministers will study taxation regime for restaurants , especially on bifurcation on basis of AC & non-AC restaurants.GST rates of 27 items reviewed by the GST Council , including sliced dry mangoes , khakhra , unbranded namkeen , chapati , have been cut from 12 per cent to 5 per cent . GST rate on some stationery items , diesel engine parts has been reduced to 18 % from 28 % . Job works like zari , imitation , food items and printing items would attract 5 per cent tax instead of 12 per cent.The government also scrapped GST on gems and jewellery stating that PAN card will no longer be mandatory on the purchase of jewellery for over Rs 50,000 . Offering further respite to jewellers , the meeting further concluded that any entity dealing in gems , jewellery and other high-value goods that has a turnover of Rs 2 crore or more in a financial year will not be covered under PMLA ( Prevention of Money Laundering Act , 2002 ) .Exporters will get refunds for the tax paid by them on exports during July and August by October 18 . For the remainder of the fiscal , they will operate under an exempted category paying a nominal 0.1 per cent GST . From April 1 next year , the government would also launch an e-wallet facility for the exporters to provide liquidity , Jaitley announced .
MLB
American League
Brett Gardner , OF , New York Yankees - 2-5 with a run scored and a K in a 7-5 loss to the Angels . The Holly Hill native is batting .264 with 13 HR 's and 29 RBI .
Justin Smoak , 1B , Toronto Blue Jays - 0-4 in a 7-6 win over Tampa Bay . The Stratford alum is batting .293 with 18 HR 's and 43 RBI
National League
Matt Wieters , C , Washington Nationals - Did not play in a 13-2 loss to Atlanta . The Stratford alum is batting .267 with 5 HR 's and 25 RBI
Asher Wojciechowski , SP , Cincinnati Reds - Did not pitch in a 4-2 loss to San Diego . The Beaufort alum is 1-0 with a 5.21 ERA and 13 K 's in 19 innings . He 's 1-0 with a 1.40 ERA and 29 K 's in 25.2 innings in AAA .
AA
Southern League
Nick Ciuffo , C , Montgomery Biscuits ( Tampa Bay Rays ) - Did not play in an 11-1 win over Mississippi . The Mt . Pleasant native is batting .231 with 4 HR 's and 12 RBI .
High-A
Florida State League
James Reeves , SP , Tampa Yankees ( New York Yankees ) - Pitched 1 inning giving up 2 hits , 0 runs in an 11-1 win over Bradenton . The Ashley Ridge alum is 0-0 with 2 holds , 1 save , a 5.23 ERA and 11 K 's in 10.1 innings .
Chairman of All Progressives Congress ( APC ) in Ebonyi , Mr Eze Nwachukwu , on Saturday cautioned voters against selling their Permanent Voters Cards ( PVCs ) or exchanging them for employment .
Speaking in Isiaka while inaugurating an 8-man Continuous Voter Registration ( CVR ) mobilisation committee for Ivo local government area of the state , the chairperson said they had received reports of some people luring voters to part with their PVCs .
“ We hear that some people are going round , allegedly collecting Permanent Voters Cards from unsuspecting owners , in exchange for employment in the state civil service , or to give them government sponsored empowerment .
“ Please do not exchange , sell or give out your PVC for any reason because that is the only power and right available to you as a citizen , to freely participate in choosing your leaders .
“ Selling and buying of voter cards is a crime ; if you give up your PVC ; you have surrendered the power , right and privileges conferred on you by the constitution to exercise your franchise , '' Nwachukwu said .
They urge the people to report anybody that indulged in the act of collecting , buying , selling or hoarding of voters cards , to the police .
They also called on members of the committee to communicate with the leadership of the party in all the wards to ensure that members were mobilised to register and collect their cards .
“ We want to make sure that no one is left unregistered , hence the mandate of this committee is to move round the wards , communities and villages in the council and mobilise people to register for their PVC .
“ You are to report to the state secretariat on daily basis , the number of registered voters per polling booth , as well as number of voters registered at the ward level .
“ You should report to us any action that will undermine effective registration of prospective voters in any part of the Council , for prompt action .
“ We are very passionate about the success of the exercise because our victory in 2019 elections is tied to number of registered voters who are our members , ” Nwachukwu said .
NEW YORK : Ever wondered what United States President Donald Trump 's childhood was like ? You can now enter the world of their early years for US $ 725 per night after the Tudor-style home where they grew up was listed on home-sharing site Airbnb .
Located in Queens , New York , the 2,000 sq ft , five-bedroom home is part of Jamaica Estates which is described as an `` upper class neighbourhood '' on the website .
The listing is titled `` PRESIDENTIAL HOME in Beautiful JAMAICA ESTATES '' , and has 3.5 bathrooms , 14 beds and two sofa beds .
According to the Guardian , the house was bought for US $ 1.3 million in December 2016 by New York real estate developer Michael Davis . They then sold it for US $ 2.14 million earlier this year `` to a mystery Chinese woman '' and now rents it back from them for US $ 4,000 a month .
The living room in Donald Trump 's childhood home . ( Photo : AirBnB )
Trump lived in the house with their parents , Fred and Mary , the Airbnb post said . Their father built the house in 1940 - just six years before the country 's 45th president was born .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` Not much has been changed since the Trumps lived here , the kitchen is original and the opulent furnishings represent the style and affluence in which the Trumps would have lived , '' the listing added .
A cut out of Donald Trump is placed in the living room . ( Photo : AirBnB )
A giant cut out of Trump , standing conspicuously in the living room , is described as `` a great companion for watching the news late into the night '' .
It is also mentioned that the listing `` has no relationship with the White House , the President , Donald Trump or the Trump organisation in any way '' .
WASHINGTON > > U.S. officials are blaming the North Korean government for a series of cyberattacks dating to 2009 against media , aerospace , financial sectors and infrastructure in the United States and around the world .
The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a warning this week , saying the cyberattacks were carried out by actors within the North Korean government who are known as Hidden Cobra.
DHS and FBI assess that Hidden Cobra actors will continue to use cyber operations to advance their governments military and strategic objectives ,  the alert said .
U.S. officials are distributing internet addresses to help networks defend against any attacks . The FBI said it has high confidence that the internet addresses are linked to systems infected with Hidden Cobra malware to further exploit networks . The cyberattacks targeted weaknesses in Microsoft Corp. operating systems and Adobe Systems Inc.s Flash software , which were patched in January and June , respectively .
Advertisement
The joint alert was issued Tuesday , the same day that American student Otto Warmbier , who was released from serving a 15-year sentence in a North Korean prison for participating in alleged acts against the government , arrived in Cincinnati , Ohio .
The U.S. remains in a standoff with North Korea over its nuclear program . The U.S. has issued sanctions , but Pyongyang has not made any move to give up weapons that it says are a deterrent to any invasion . Thousands of U.S. troops are based in neighboring South Korea , and the Demilitarized Zone between the North and South is one of the most heavily fortified borders in the world .
ATLANTA , Georgia : The US flu outbreak worsened over the past week as more people headed to doctors ' offices and emergency rooms , with hospitalisations at the highest in nearly 10 years , US health officials said on Friday ( Feb 2 ) .
Sixteen children died of the flu in the week ended Jan 27 , bringing total paediatric deaths to 53 for the season , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's ( CDC ) weekly report .
Out of every 100,000 people in the general population , an estimated 51.4 have been hospitalised for the flu , surpassing the rate in the last severe season of 2014 to 2015 , when 710,000 were hospitalised and 148 children died . Adults aged 65 or older had the most hospitalisations , followed by those aged 50 to 64 , and children below five .
`` So far this year , the cumulative rate of hospitalisation is the highest since we began tracking in this way , '' Dr Anne Schuchat , CDC 's acting director told reporters on a conference call .
With the previous record now broken , `` we fear this year might be even worse than 2014 to 2015 '' , Schuchat said in a telephone interview .
The United States is now 10 weeks into the current flu season , which is expected to last for at least several more weeks .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The dominant strain during this flu season is an especially nasty type called influenza A ( H3N2 ) that in seasons past , was linked with severe disease and death , especially in the elderly and young .
Schuchat was named acting CDC director earlier this week after Dr Brenda Fitzgerald resigned from the post because of financial conflicts of interest , including purchases of tobacco and healthcare stocks while in office .
Flu is widespread in 48 states , down from 49 last week , with Oregon reporting less flu activity , the CDC said .
`` We are not out of the woods yet , '' Schuchat said , noting that sick people should stay home to avoid transmitting the virus to others , frequently wash hands and cover their mouth while coughing or sneezing .
The CDC official also said it was not too late to get a flu vaccine .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
3 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Washington will announce plans to slap tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports as early as Thursday morning , sources said , while the U.S. commerce secretary said any escalation of their trade dispute would depend on the bloc 's reaction .
WASHINGTON/PARIS : Washington will announce plans to slap tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports as early as Thursday morning , sources said , while the U.S. commerce secretary said any escalation of their trade dispute would depend on the bloc 's reaction .
The two sources briefed on the matter said the decision would land before a Friday expiration deadline for exemptions to the planned tariffs .
Advertisement
They said the announcement was planned for Thursday morning in Washington but that the timing could still change . Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told French daily Le Figaro it would be announced either before markets opened or after they closed .
While not confirming directly that the U.S. would decide to impose tariffs , they said : `` It 's up to the European Union to decide if it wants to take retaliatory measures . The next question would be : how will the ( U.S. ) President ( Donald Trump ) react ? You saw their reaction when China decided to retaliate .
`` If there is an escalation it will be because the EU would have decided to retaliate , '' they said , adding that Washington did not want a trade war with the EU .
French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire , whom Ross was scheduled to meet in Paris on Thursday morning , said on Wednesday that the EU did not want a trade war either but would respond if Washington imposed tariffs .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In March , Trump imposed a 25 percent tariff on steel imports and a 10 percent tariff on aluminum , but granted temporary exemptions to the EU , Canada , Mexico , Brazil , Australia and Argentina .
Trump invoked a 1962 trade law to erect protections for U.S. steel and aluminum producers on national security grounds , amid a worldwide glut of both metals that is largely blamed on excess production in China .
The European Commission , which coordinates trade policy for the 28 EU members , has said the bloc should be permanently exempted from the tariffs since it was not the cause of overcapacity in steel and aluminum .
The Commission has said the EU will set duties on 2.8 billion euros ( US $ 3.4 billion ) of U.S. exports , including peanut butter and denim jeans , if its metals exports to the United States worth 6.4 billion euros ( US $ 7.5 billion ) are subject to tariffs .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The tariffs , which have increased friction with U.S. trading partners worldwide and prompted several challenges before the World Trade Organization , are aimed at allowing the U.S. steel and aluminum industries to increase their capacity utilization rates above 80 percent for the first time in years .
Economists say the standoff with the EU could tip toward a trade war , particularly after Trump last week launched another national security investigation into car and truck imports that could lead to new U.S. tariffs .
The Trump administration has given permanent metals tariff exemptions to several countries including Australia , Argentina and South Korea , but in each case set import quotas .
Friday 's deadline for exemptions also affects Mexico and Canada , which are in negotiations with the United States on the North American Free Trade Agreement that Trump has said they want to revamp , or abandon if the talks fail .
( Reporting by Eric Walsh and David Shepardson ; Additional reporting by Ingrid Melander in Paris ; editing by John Stonestreet )
It looks like that Audi is in the final stages of finalizing its new Audi Q8 sports utility vehicle . While the German premium carmaker has yet to reveal the looks of the production version of the new Audi A8 , there have already been quite a number of spy images and videos of the upcoming SUV , albeit in a camouflaged form . Just recently , though , the Audi Q8 was spotted on the road , and this time without any camouflage .
Seeing a near-production version -- or even a prototype model – of the Audi Q8 is a welcome development , considering that fact that the premium carmaker is n't nice enough to reveal this early the complete appearance of the SUV .
Read Article
OTTAWA – The Liberals have easily retained a safe seat in Newfoundland and Labrador , one of four ridings in which federal byelections are being held tonight .
With 165 of 261 polls reporting , Liberal contender Churence Rogers has captured 68.5 per cent of the vote in Bonavista-Burin-Trinity – 45 percentage points ahead of their nearest competitor , Conservative Mike Windsor .
READ MORE : Reality Check : How much do byelections really tell us about Canadian politics ?
The riding , left vacant after the retirement of cabinet minister Judy Foote , is the safest Liberal seat in the country . Foote won the largest margin of victory in the country during the 2015 election , taking a whopping 81.8 per cent of the vote .
Polls have not yet closed in the other three ridings : Toronto 's Scarborough-Agincourt , Saskatchewan 's Battlefords-Lloydminster and British Columbia 's South Surrey-White Rock .
The Saskatchewan riding is a safe Conservative seat and the Toronto riding is a safe Liberal seat ; neither is expected to change hands tonight .
WATCH : Justin Trudeau campaigns in Sask . ahead of Battlefords-Lloydminster byelection
But the Liberals are trying to wrest the B.C . seat from the Conservatives .
South Surrey-White Rock was left vacant after Conservative MP Diane Watts resigned to run for the leadership of the B.C . Liberals . Watts , a high-profile former mayor of Surrey , narrowly won the seat in 2015 with 44 per cent of the vote , less than 1,500 votes ahead of the Liberal contender .
This time , the Liberals are running former White Rock mayor and B.C . MLA Gordie Hogg against Conservative Kerry-Lynne Findlay , a former Harper-era cabinet minister who represented a neighbouring riding for one term before being defeated in the 2015 election .
Scarborough-Agincourt was left vacant by the untimely death of Liberal MP Arnold Chan , who won almost 52 per cent of the vote in 2015 . Their widow , Jean Yip , is running to succeed them and is expected to hold the seat for the Liberals .
Battlefords-Lloydminster was left vacant following the retirement of veteran Conservative MP Gerry Ritz , who had held the riding for 20 years . Rosemarie Falk , legislative assistant to Saskatchewan MP Arnold Vierson , is expected to hold the seat for the Tories .
CLOSE The Speaker of the House and the Minority Leader are blaming each other for not being willing to work in a bipartisan way to get tax reform done and keep the government from shutting down . ( Dec. 7 ) AP
Your Mail ( Photo : Graphic )
The Senate and House have now passed their respective tax bills . Once Congress sends a final package to the White House , President Donald Trump will deliver us the most powerful tax relief we 've seen in three decades .
Small business owners like me — and the millions of employees who depend on us — could n't ask for a better Christmas present . For years , our nation 's job creators have been inundated with high tax rates and complex filing costs . Many small business owners are taxed at individual rates , which can reach 40 percent at the federal level . Throw in state and local taxes , and these job creators are often left sending 50 percent of their income to Uncle Sam .
The Republican tax plan allows them to keep more of their hard-earned money , freeing up resources for business expansion and job creation . America is home to nearly 30 million small businesses , which employ roughly 60 million workers — half of the U.S. workforce . Tax cuts would encourage job creators to hire even more Americans .
When small business succeeds , we all succeed . Let 's ring in the New Year with pro-growth tax cuts .
Joseph Semprevivo
President and CEO , Joseph 's Lite Cookies
Sebastian , Florida
Read or Share this story : http : //www.thetowntalk.com/story/opinion/2017/12/11/mail-gop-tax-plan-helps-small-businesses/937103001/
Memories , new friends and exciting learning experiences have always been a big part of summer camps ' allure . A smaller size venue in a breathtaking mountain setting assure Rocky Mountain Farmers Union Cooperative Leadership Camp will make an even greater impression on its happy campers .
For more than 100 years , RMFU has been promoting and protecting the interests of farmers/ranchers in Colorado , Wyoming and New Mexico . The progressive grassroots organization founded in 1907 commits its service to three areas : legislative , cooperative and educational solutions . The foundation 's mission is to strengthen rural economies through educational opportunities and empowerment .
Farmers and ranchers organize chapters that focus on bettering the future for themselves and their rural neighbors . Local issues are at the forefront of their focus and fan out to state and national issues as well .
RMFU members believe `` that agricultural communities and strong societies hinge on competent leaders . '' Therefore , they provide adult and youth programs that teach skills necessary for leadership roles .
RMFU 's educational efforts include camps for children . These summer activities are divided based on age . In 2018 , children who 've completed second through sixth grades may attend the June 11-15 session , while those who have completed grades seven through are eligible for the camping session June 18-22 .
Camp RMFU is situated on a pristine 386 acres in Bailey , Colo. For 75-plus years , young people have spent happy summer days at this authentic Rocky Mountain venue located approximately 40 miles southwest of Denver on Highway 285 .
Recommended Stories For You
Each year , approximately 15 on-site staff members are committed to the physical , emotional and mental development of a limited number of campers . The 2018 capacity will be 100 children for the two session season . This high staff-to-camper ratio allows close relationships to develop and the camp community to flourish .
PROFESSIONAL STAFF
All staff members must pass an extensive application process , which includes written and verbal interviews as well as background and reference checks . They also receive extensive training in first aid/CPR ; child development ; behavioral guidance ; emergency procedures . A registered nurse is available 24-hours/day and is included in all outings and field trips .
Safety is obviously of paramount importance but so is fun . Aubriel Jones , RMFU adviser of the CSU RMFU Chapter , has directly worked with the camp for three years . They detailed some of the delightful highlights children will experience .
Campers stay in staff-supervised , dormitory-style cabins ( divided girls from boys ) . From their bunkhouse-style home-base , they 'll enjoy mountain hikes in and around Bailey , including to historical spots .
Talent shows and line dancing encourage kids to display their creative abilities and engage with peers . Field trips and tours farther afield might include Denver area favorites like Elitches or the Denver Zoo , depending on specified camp themes . The 2018 camp season field trips will be at Berry Patch Farm in Brighton where campers will help pick in-season crops ( i.e . strawberries ) , and Boondocks , a family fun center in Northglenn .
Fun and games not only entertain , they also help campers develop leadership and life skills while nurturing friendships among one another and staff . Children are encouraged to freely express their individuality in the midst of the wider camp community .
There are two theme nights this year for which campers should bring along the appropriate outfits . They 'll need an Hawaiian shirt and grass skirt for the luau or , in the land of Disney , they 'll dress as their favorite character from Mickey Mouse to Mary Poppins .
Other luggage necessities include : sleeping bag and pillow ; toiletry items and towels/washcloths ; robe , slippers and flip-flops ; warm jacket or sweatshirt for those cool mountain nights ; comfortable everyday clothing and a dress-up outfit for the camp banquet ; shoes for sports and hiking ; swimwear and sunscreen ; reusable water bottle with lid ; camera ; money for cooperative store and field trips .
Oh , and bring along a positive , cooperative attitude … a must for a positive , memorable experience
Pre-registration is not necessary as youngsters can sign up even the day before a session begins . Camp scholarships are available for families with a financial need . Although camp RMFU has an obvious rural connection , campers from the inner city and suburbs are just as welcome as are those with a farming/ranching background .
Bus transportation is provided from pre-set stops or parents can drive their child directly to the Bailey acreage . Cell phones are allowed but only for use during free time . No postal mail service is available at camp but arrangements for exceptions can be made . A child 's health history form and immunization record must be signed by a physician prior to camp .
GLOWING REVEIWS
Former Camp RMFU attendees have expressed glowing reviews , including one delighted girl who planned their luggage inclusions for the following year 's session while on the drive home from the current one . ( It always pays to plan ahead . )
Children leave camp chattering happily about their many new friends , the delicious and nutritious food they enjoyed , and the exciting hikes and field trips . Post-camp evaluations from parents always come back very high , reported Camp Director Jennifer Luitjens Bahr .
They quipped , `` If you send your child to our camp while they 're in grade school , you 'll end up sending them every year till they graduate high school , ''
Bahr added that some children develop such a deep love for Camp RMFU , they become staff members after they age out as campers .
There 's still a bit of time left to sign your child up for one of 2018 's June camp RMFU sessions if you do so prior to the first day of the desired session . Call Camp Director Jennifer Luitjens Bahr at ( 303 ) 283-3550 , or their assistant , Sandra Baca at the main office number , ( 303 ) 752-5800 .
-Metzger is a freelance writer from Fort Collins , Colo . They can be reached at ponytime47 @ gmail.com .
LONDON : European stock markets mostly fell on Monday ( Dec 11 ) , with investors treading water ahead of key central bank policy meetings later this week , traders said .
On the other side of the Atlantic , Wall Street stocks edged higher as investors shrugged off an explosion near Times Square that resulted in a handful of injuries , none of them life-threatening .
`` It 's been another quiet start to trading in what is otherwise going to be a very busy week in financial markets , with a number of central banks scheduled to make interest rate announcements , '' said Oanda analyst Craig Erlam .
AxiTrader analyst James Hughes also noted the `` subdued '' start to the week , when `` the big headline act ... is undoubtedly the FOMC rate decision on Wednesday night '' .
There was likely to be `` a degree of caution ahead with traders not willing to take on too many large positions ahead of what is believed to be a 25 basis-point hike in rates in the US , '' the expert said .
European bourses were lower at the close of the session , with Frankfurt and Paris both slipping by around 0.2 per cent , while London bucked the trend , showing a gain of around 0.8 per cent .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Eyes are now on the Fed 's last monetary policy meeting of the year , which winds down on Wednesday .
Most analysts expect the central bank 's policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee to lift interest rates again , but they will be even more interested in what boss Janet Yellen has to say about the timetable for future increases .
`` The Fed will no doubt provide markets with a central focus this week , where the FOMC are expected to come good on their promise of three rate hikes for 2017 , '' said IG analyst Joshua Mahony .
`` With market expectations for 2018 somewhat up in the air , there is a feeling that investors are hungry for clues as to where things will stand in 12-months ' time . ''
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
In Asia on Monday , Tokyo ended 0.6 per cent higher as the Nikkei rose for a third straight day , while Hong Kong surged more than one percent and Shanghai added one percent as Chinese traders brushed off lower than expected inflation figures .
BITCOIN SURGES
Bitcoin catapulted past US $ 18,000 on a wave of fresh optimism , despite persistent bubble fears .
The unit remains in focus after ticking off multiple records since the start of December .
Trading of the controversial digital currency on a futures contract began on Sunday on the Chicago board options exchange ( Cboe ) at a price of US $ 15,000 .
The move is a milestone for bitcoin , which has previously only been tradable on unregulated exchanges .
Bitcoin was trading at US $ 17,600 per unit for the futures contract expiring on Jan 17 , exceeding the highest value it had reached on alternative non-regulated internet platforms , and even climbed past US $ 18,000 .
`` The level of volatility the introduction will have is uncertain , '' said Shane Chanel , equities and derivatives adviser at ASR Wealth Advisers .
Key figures around 1640 GMT :
London - FTSE 100 : UP 0.8 per cent at 7,453.48 ( close )
Frankfurt - DAX 30 : DOWN 0.2 per cent at 13,123.65 ( close )
Paris - CAC 40 : DOWN 0.2 per cent at 5,386.83 ( close )
EURO STOXX 50 : DOWN 0.3 at 3,582.21
Tokyo - Nikkei 225 : UP 0.6 per cent at 22,938.73 ( close )
Hong Kong - Hang Seng : UP 1.1 per cent at 28,965.29 ( close )
Shanghai - Composite : UP 1.0 per cent at 3,322.20 ( close )
Euro/dollar : UP at US $ 1.1798 from US $ 1.1791
Pound/dollar : DOWN at US $ 1.3358 from US $ 1.3368
Dollar/yen : FLAT at 113.36 yen
Oil - Brent North Sea : UP US $ 1.18 at US $ 64.58 per barrel
Oil - West Texas Intermediate : UP 37 cents at US $ 57.73
Merck 's chief executive resigned on Monday from a business panel led by Donald Trump , citing a need for leadership countering bigotry in a strong rebuke to the U.S. president over their response to a violent white nationalist rally in Virginia .
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. : The chief executive of one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical companies resigned on Monday from a business panel led by Donald Trump , citing a need for leadership countering bigotry in a strong rebuke to the U.S. president over their response to a violent white-nationalist rally in Virginia .
The departure of Merck & Co Inc CEO Kenneth Frazier from the president 's American Manufacturing Council added to a storm of criticism of Trump over their handling of Saturday 's violence in Charlottesville , in which a woman was killed when a man drove their car into a group of counter-protesters .
Democrats and Republicans have attacked the Republican president for waiting too long to address the violence , and for saying `` many sides '' were involved rather than explicitly condemning white-supremacist marchers widely seen as sparking the melee .
A 20-year-old man said to have harboured Nazi sympathies as a teenager was facing charges they ploughed their car into protesters opposing the white nationalists , killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people . The accused , James Alex Fields , was denied bail at an initial court hearing on Monday .
Merck 's Frazier , who is black , did not name Trump or criticise them directly in a statement posted on the drug company 's Twitter account , but the rebuke was implicit .
`` America 's leaders must honour our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , '' said Frazier .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Trump immediately hit back , but made no reference to Frazier 's comments on values , instead revisiting a longstanding gripe about expensive medicines . Now they had left the panel , Frazier would have more time to focus on lowering `` ripoff '' drug prices , Trump said in a Twitter post .
The outrage over Trump 's reaction to the Charlottesville violence added to a litany of problems for the president .
Opponents have attacked them for their explosive rhetoric towards North Korea and they are publicly fuming with fellow Republicans in Congress over their failure to notch up any major legislative wins during their first six months in office .
Trump was specifically taken to task for comments on Saturday in which they denounced what they called `` this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides . ''
Under pressure to take an unequivocal stand against right-wing extremists who occupy a loyal segment of Trump 's political base , the administration sought to sharpen its message on Sunday .
The White House issued a statement insisting Trump was condemning `` all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred , and of course that includes white supremacists , KKK ( Ku Klux Klan ) , neo-Nazi , and all extremist groups . '' Vice President Mike Pence also denounced such groups on Sunday .
Trump 's attorney general , Jeff Sessions , tried to defend the president over their reaction , appearing on a series of morning television talk shows on Monday .
Asked about the president 's words and lack of direct condemnation of white nationalist groups , Sessions defended Trump 's statement and said they expected them to address the incident again later on Monday .
Speaking to ABC News , Sessions also said the attack on counter-protesters `` does meet the definition of domestic terrorism . ''
Trump was scheduled to meet with Sessions and Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Christopher Wray on Monday morning to discuss the Charlottesville incident , the White House said in a statement .
International responses were muted . Asked about Trump 's reaction to the violence , a spokesperson for British Prime Minister Theresa May said that what the president said was a `` matter for him . ''
`` We are very clear ... We condemn racism , hatred and violence , '' they added . `` We condemn the far right . ''
COURT HEARING BY VIDEO
Authorities said Heyer , 32 , was killed when Fields ' car slammed into a crowd of anti-racism activists confronting neo-Nazis and KKK sympathizers , capping a day of bloody street brawls between the two sides in the Virginia college town .
Fields appeared in Charlottesville General District Court by video link from Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail . They were being held there on a second-degree murder charge , three counts of malicious wounding and a single count of leaving the scene of a fatal accident . The next court date was set for Aug. 25 .
The U.S. Justice Department was pressing its own federal investigation of the incident as a hate crime .
`` We 're bringing the full weight of the federal government to bear on investigating and prosecuting that individual , '' Pence told NBC News in an interview that aired on Monday .
More than 30 people were injured in separate incidents , and two state police officers died in the crash of their helicopter after assisting in efforts to quell the unrest .
The disturbances began when white nationalists converged to protest against plans to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee , the commander of rebel forces during the U.S. Civil War .
The Charlottesville disturbances prompted vigils and protests from Miami to Seattle on Sunday , including some targeting other Confederate statues . Such monuments have periodically been flashpoints in the United States , viewed by many Americans as symbols of racism because of the Confederate defense of slavery in the Civil War .
In Atlanta , protesters spray-painted a statue of a Confederate soldier , and in Seattle , three people were arrested in a confrontation between protesters supporting Trump and counter-protesters , local media reported .
The web hosting company GoDaddy Inc said on Sunday it had given the neo-Nazi white supremacist website the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider after the site posted an article denigrating Heyer . The Daily Stormer is associated with the alt-right movement .
Derek Weimer , a history teacher at Fields ' high school in Kentucky , told Cincinnati television station WCPO-TV they recalled Fields harboring `` some very radical views on race '' as a student and was `` very infatuated with the Nazis , with Adolf Hitler . ''
Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015 but was `` released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015 , '' the Army said .
( Reporting by Scott Malone and Ian Simpson in Charlottesville ; Additional reporting by Susan Heavey in Washington , Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. ; Writing by Steve Gorman and Frances Kerry ; Editing by Bill Rigby )
If there 's one thing every Panthers fan knows , it 's that when it comes to matches against arch rivals and western Sydney neighbours Parramatta , there 's no such thing as a trial .
And with the NRL inexplicably not scheduling a premiership match between the two clubs at Pepper Stadium this year , this Saturday night 's pre-season encounter will have plenty of extra bite .
The match gives Penrith coach Anthony Griffin the chance to put their troops through one last test before next month 's season opener against St George-Illawarra .
With a number of positions – including who will fill Josh Mansour 's vacant wing spot – still up for grabs , Griffin said Saturday night 's Battle of the West at Pepper Stadium will be more important than ever .
“ There are still some positions to be decided but , in general , it 's a good opportunity for most of those guys to get one hit-out together , and hopefully we do n't have any trouble with injury , ” Griffin told the Weekender .
“ If we can get 50 or 60 minutes into most of the players on Saturday night , we 'll be able to round off our preparation and get a good idea of our side going into Round 1 . ”
For the first time this pre-season , Penrith will unleash skipper Matt Moylan while Nathan Cleary and Te Maire Martin will line up in the halves .
Bryce Cartwright and Tyrone Peachey will also make their 2017 club debuts following last Friday 's All Stars event in Newcastle , while injured pair Dean Whare and Peta Hiku will continue to push their case for a spot in the backline .
“ Everyone is fit and healthy at the moment and there 's a lot of competition for spots , especially in the forwards , ” Griffin said .
“ It 's a good opportunity for them to get out and compete on Saturday night . ”
Last weekend Griffin had their first chance to test out the majority of their squad when Penrith took on Canterbury in very hot conditions at Belmore Sports Ground .
With fears the match would be called off due to the record heat , Griffin said there was little doubt the game would go ahead .
“ It was hot out there but I did n't hear any whinging or complaining from either squad or staff , ” they said .
“ I spoke to Des [ Hasler ] before the game and they were happy to play . It was obviously extremely hot during the day but that time of night it was n't too bad . ”
Penrith 's side , made up largely of youngsters and new recruits including Mitch Rein , prevailed over the more experienced Bulldogs outfit 20-10 .
“ We defended well for most of the game , we let in a couple of soft tries at the end of both halves , but in general we moved pretty well in defence , I thought , ” they said .
“ It was good to give 31 players some time and it was good to see them uninjured . ”
COPENHAGEN : An eccentric `` inventrepreneur '' , or a sexually depraved murderer ? Danish prosecutors have portrayed Peter Madsen as a `` pathological liar '' who enjoyed videos of women being beheaded , but they insist the death of journalist Kim Wall was just an accident .
The evidence presented against Madsen has provided some clues about how the Swedish freelance reporter may have died on board their homemade submarine , but failed to provide a conclusive cause of death .
A Copenhagen court on Wednesday ( Apr 25 ) is due to rule whether Madsen is guilty of murdering 30-year-old Wall , cutting up their corpse and then tossing their body parts into the sea on the night of Aug 10 to 11 last year .
Nicknamed `` Rocket Madsen '' , they were well-known in Denmark before their arrest as an inventor who dreamt of exploring worlds beyond . They built their own submarine and was developing plans for private space travel .
Now they face a life sentence for premeditated murder , desecration of a corpse and aggravated sexual assault against Wall .
Throughout the high-profile trial that lasted most of March and April , prosecutors have relied on violent sex videos found on a hard drive in Madsen 's workshop - including so-called snuff films - of women being beheaded , tortured and impaled , to provide a motive for the gruesome crime .
Advertisement
Advertisement
They claim Madsen tied Wall up before beating them and stabbing them repeatedly in the genital area .
They say they then killed her , possibly by strangulation , dismembered their torso , head , and legs , and placed them in separate bags weighed down with metal objects before tossing them into Koge Bay off Copenhagen .
Madsen , meanwhile , has insisted the hard drive was not his , and said Wall died when the air pressure suddenly dropped and toxic fumes filled the vessel while they were up on deck .
But prosecutors argue they planned it all by bringing a saw , knife , plastic strips and metal pipes on board .
Described by psychiatrists as having `` psychopathic traits '' and at `` high risk '' of recidivism , Madsen has changed their version of events several times .
But they have always maintained Wall 's death was accidental .
They did however tell investigators they panicked after their death : they took a nap , then chopped up their body and threw it overboard .
ROCKY PAST
Peter Langkjaer Madsen grew up in the small town of Saeby , 100km west of Copenhagen .
Their parents divorced when they were six and Madsen went to live with their father , whom they have described as authoritarian and violent .
`` When I think about my father , I think how children in Germany must have felt if their dad was a commandant in a concentration camp , '' Madsen said in a 2014 biography .
At 15 , they started their first company , Danish Space Academy , to buy spare parts to build a rocket .
They studied engineering , but quit once they thought they knew enough to build submarines and rockets .
`` My passion is finding ways to travel to worlds beyond the well-known , '' Madsen wrote on the website of their now-defunct Rocket Madsen Space Lab .
In 2008 , they launched the Nautilus , the biggest privately made submarine whose ownership was later transferred to them after a row with former colleagues .
Around the same time , they developed their idea for private space travel .
In June 2011 , they successfully launched a rocket from a floating platform on the Baltic Sea island of Bornholm .
Madsen reportedly had an open marriage . Some of their ex-girlfriends have told the media they were into sado-masochism and erotic asphyxiation .
`` LOVING PSYCHOPATH ''
Their half-brother Benny Langkjaer Egeso told AFP in August that Madsen is `` very strange '' , but also `` very open and likeable '' .
But others describe them as an erratic person who had spats with former colleagues and an interest in violent pornography .
`` His sexual fantasies slowly got out of hand , '' an associate , who had worked in Madsen 's laboratory , told the Copenhagen court , adding that the inventor called themselves a `` psychopath , but a loving one . ''
The associate said Madsen toyed with the idea of making a pornographic film showing acts of torture and was `` interested in snuff films , '' or movies where a person is really killed or kills themself .
Madsen has denied searching for or downloading such films but admitted to watching them `` to be able to feel emotions and to cry '' about the women 's suffering .
But another apprentice engineer who had worked with them told the court the inventor was a `` kind , empathic , passionate man who was ready to listen '' .
Tampa , Florida 's Morgan Tankersley , our # 4 recruit in the high school class of 2018 , has made it official : they intend to swim for Stanford University in the fall . In an embarrassment of riches , the Cardinal now boasts 4 of the SwimSwam Top 10 and 6 of our Top 20 . Verbal commits to the class of 2022 are : # 2 Taylor Ruck , # 3 Zoe Bartel , # 4 Tankersley , # 9 Allie Raab , # 15 Amalie Fackenthal , # 16 Lucie Nordmann , and Anya Goeders .
Tankersley swims for H.B . Plant High School and Greater Tampa Swimming Association , and is the top full-range freestyler in the class . They can compete with the best of them in the low and high ends of the range , but is at their best in the 200-500 freestyles where their current times would already score at NCAAs .
At 2016 FHSAA Class 4A Championship last November , Tankersley broke the Florida high school state records in the 200 free ( 1:44.31 ) , 500 free ( 4:37.60 ) , and 100 free ( 48.69 ) while leading off the Plant 400 free relay in prelims . In club swimming this spring and summer they swam the 1650/1500 free for the first time in years , and dropped 45 seconds in each . Perhaps this portends well for a Day Three event at NCAAS…
Best Times :
500 free – 4:37.60
200 free – 1:44.31
100 free – 48.69
50 free – 22.60
1650 free – 16:27.61
If you have a commitment to report , please send an email with a photo ( landscape , or horizontal , looks best ) and a quote to [ email protected ] .
2018 AUSTRALIAN PAN PACIFIC CHAMPIONSHIP TRIALS
The 2018 Australian Pan Pacific Championship Trials wrapped up at the SA Aquatic & Leisure Centre with 5 more qualification standards being met . Teen Ariarne Titmus , who already crushed a big 4:01.73 400m free last night , concluded their individual event campaign here with a solid 800m free victory .
Clocking 8:22.82 , Titmus took the 800m free gold well under the 8:30.66 Pan Pacific qualifying standard set by Swimming Australia and represented the only sub-8:30 swimmer in the race . Titmus won Commonwealth Games gold just weeks ago in a time of 8:20.02 , a mark which remains as the 3rd fastest effort in the world this season .
Behind Titmus tonight , but still under the QT , was Kiah Melverton . Melverton already wowed the crowd with a 1500m victory and a 400m free runner-up performance here in South Australia . The 21-year-old TSS Aquatics athlete notched a mark of 8:30.45 for silver tonight to log another event to their Pan Pacs line-up .
Maddy Gough rounded out the top 3 in the 800m free tonight , stopping the clock at 8:32.85 .
Joshua Parrish took the men 's 1500m free tonight in 15:26.58 , outside the QT of 14:59.32 . Behind them were Ben Roberts and Max Osborn , who touched in respective times of 15:28.92 and 15:34.31 .
16-year-old Kaylee McKeown proved once again they belong among the world 's best as they took the women 's 200m back race by a full second . Splitting 1:02.74/1:04.90 , the teen touched in 2:07.65 to fall just .01 shy of the 2:07.64 QT . However , they already earned a Pan Pacs selection standard in the 100m and will surely get the nod in this event as well .
Them time this evening outperformed the 2:07.86 McKeown produced for 4th place at the Commonwealth Games and now situates them as # 7 in the world…at just 16 .
2017-2018 LCM WOMEN 200 BACK Kylie CAN
MASSE 2 Taylor
RUCK CAN 2.06.36 * WJR 3 Xuwei
PENG CHN 2.06.55 4 Emily
SEEBOHM AUS 2.06.82 5 Kathleen
BAKER USA 2.07.02 6 Margherita
PANZIERA ITA 2.07.16 7 Daria K .
USTINOVA RUS 2.07.84 8 Kaylee
McKEOWN AUS 2.07.86 9 Lisa
GRAF GER 2.08.23 10 Natsumi
SAKAI JPN 2.08.28 View Top 25 »
In the absence of world champion Emily Seebohm , who withdrew from the competition due to personal matters , Minna Atherton claimed silver in 2:08.75 , while Sian Whittaker took bronze in 2:11.49 .
For the men 's edition of the 200m back race , Mitch Larkin followed up their 200m IM , 400m IM and 100m back victories with an impressive 4th individual gold in a Pan Pacs qualifying effort . 1:55.40 is what the 2015 two-time world champion and 2016 Olympic silver medalist produced to slide under the 1:56.11 qualifying time tonight .
Bradley Woodward was about a second behind in 1:56.42 for silver , while 100m freestyle champion here in South Australia , Jack Cartwright , wrangled up bronze in 1:58.53 .
Larkin took gold on the Gold Coast in 1:56.10 , so tonight 's performance checks-in as their first sub-1:56 time of the season . They now move into the # 2 position among the world 's best this season , jumping ahead of Pan Pacs rival Ryan Murphy of America .
Larkin 's time no doubt will give the 24-year-old confidence that moving back to St. Peters Western after a stint under Simon Cusack was the right move for him .
ranking id=204639 top=5 ]
Speedster Cate Campbell doubled up on their 100m free gold here with a dominating victory in the 50m sprint . C1 clocked 24.12 to snag a QT , although they have already qualified on the Gold Coast . Runner-up tonight was Shayna Jack in 24.70 , with Holly Barratt next in 25.03 .
James Roberts was the men 's splash n ' dash victor , scoring a winning time of 22.36 . Grayson Bell and David Morgan finished in 2nd and 3rd in times of 22.43 and 22.44 , respectively . No one was able to touch the stiff 21.77 selection standard , however .
After proving that their 2-week stint among elite American breaststrokers Cody Miller and Lilly King at Indiana University did their stroke some good , Jessica Hansen was back in the pool with another best time . Hansen was tonight 's top 200m breaststroker , winning in 2:25.56 , a new personal best by about half a second .
Although their time tonight was outside the 2:23.81 QT , with the 100m breaststroke under their belt , Hansen will most likely get a chance to race this distance in Tokyo .
Tessa Wallace took silver this evening in 2:26.66 , while Olympic finalist Taylor McKeown was 3rd in 2:26.84 .
Zac Stubblety-Cook also logged a personal best , however , theirs was of the more monumental variety . With a winning time of 2:08.65 , Stubblety-Cook dipped under the 2:10 threshold for the first time in their career to successfully capture a Pan Pacs qualifying standard . They also now checks-in as the 10th fastest swimmer in the world .
2017-2018 LCM MEN 200 BREAST Haiyang CHN
QIN 2 Ippei
WATANABE JPN 2.07.46 3 Anton
CHUPKOV RUS 2.07.81 4 James
WILBY GBR 2.08.05 5 Matthew
WILSON AUS 2.08.31 6 Kirill
PRIGODA RUS 2.08.32 6 Ross
MURDOCH GBR 2.08.32 8 Yasuhiro
KOSEKI JPN 2.08.45 9 Andrew
WILSON USA 2.08.52 10 Arno
KAMMINGA NED 2.08.70 View Top 26 »
Runner-up tonight was Matthew Wilson , bronze medalist at this year 's Commonwealth Games . Wilson already snagged their slot on the Aussies Pan Pacs roster with their 2:08.64 from those Games . Under training , Wilson was still sub-2:10 , registering a runner-up effort of 2:09.10 . Alex Milligan wound up 3rd tonight in 2:11.54 .
Post-race , the pumped-up Stubblety-Cook said of their qualification , “ I still ca n't believe it , . My Commonwealth Games was pretty disappointing – just choking , really , that 's the only way to put it .
“ Coming back from that and working off that I knew I had to step up to get some more confidence . I 've always trained really well and put together training well but never executed it in a race . ”
Kuwait 's Crown Prince Sheikh Nawaf al-Ahmad al-Sabah underwent `` successful medical check-ups '' in the United States and has returned home , state news agency KUNA reported on Monday , citing a cabinet statement .
DUBAI : Kuwait 's Crown Prince Sheikh Nawaf al-Ahmad al-Sabah underwent `` successful medical check-ups '' in the United States and has returned home , state news agency KUNA reported on Monday , citing a cabinet statement .
Sheikh Nawaf , 79 , a brother of the country 's ruler , underwent minor back surgery in 2013 in Germany . A relatively low-profile figure , they became next in line to lead the U.S.-allied Gulf oil exporter in 2006 , shortly after Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah became emir in the 250-year-old al-Sabah dynasty .
Sheikh Sabah , 87 , had a pacemaker installed in 1999 .
The health of leading members of the ruling family is a sensitive issue in Kuwait , where less senior al-Sabah members have long been jostling for position , according to diplomats and analysts . It is not clear who is third in line in Kuwait , an OPEC member state .
The cabinet statement gave no details on the medical tests .
( Reporting by Sami Aboudi ; Editing by Janet Lawrence )
Advertisement
The OPP will be in charge of transporting inmates scheduled to appear in court when the Brantford jail locks it doors on Wednesday , the province says .
The Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services says it has an agreement with the OPP to transfer inmates to and from Brantford courts . The inmates will be coming into the city for court appearances from various institutions , including the Maplehurst Correctional Facility in Milton .
The transportation of inmates is one of several steps the corrections ministry and the Ministry of the Attorney General are taking to address concerns raised by Mayor Chris Friel in recent weeks .
Friel chastised the two ministries for failing to come up with a `` holding cell '' plan to house inmates brought to Brantford to appear in court once the jail closes . As recently as last week , Friel said they were unaware of any plan to address the issue .
But , on Friday , a detailed plan was sent to Friel in a letter signed by Marie-France Lalonde , the Minister of Community Safety and Correctional Services , and Attorney General Yasir Naqvi .
The cost of the transportation of inmates by the OPP will not be downloaded to the municipalities , the letter states .
There are 15 holding cells capable of accommodating up to 32 inmates at a time at the provincial courthouse at 44 Queen St .
And there are two holding cells at the Superior Court of Justice building at 70 Wellington St. , which can hold two inmates , the letter states .
Plans call for the use of technology at Sprucedale youth centre in Simcoe to enable those charged under the Young Offenders Act to appear in Brantford court by way of video to reduce pressure on holding cells in Brantford . Ministry officials also plan to explore the use of video to reduce in-person court appearances for adults , too .
In addition , work is underway to increase capacity for proper separation of prisoners at 44 Queen by adding secured doors to the cell area .
`` We want to emphasize that throughout this process public safety will not be compromised , '' the ministers state in their letter . `` The justice sector in Ontario has extensive experience in transferring prisoners to their court hearings .
`` This is a critical part of what we do every day across the province , and we are committed to ensuring that Brantford experiences a seamless transition in the coming weeks .
The letter states that Brantford police have been a `` strong partner '' during the transition period and will continue to provide a safe environment within the court buildings , the letter states .
Friel said that they believe the province 's plan is insufficient to `` properly manage the separation of inmates that will be required .
`` That said , I 'm encouraged that action to address our primary concerns has been taken , '' they said .
`` Of course , we will monitor the effectiveness of the interim transition plan and continue to provide feedback to the ministry to address ongoing concerns and work towards a more effective , permanent solution . ''
The mayor said that the long-term solution that makes the most sense for Brantford is for the province to build a new courthouse .
At Monday 's meeting of council 's estimates committee , which is considering the 2018 municipal budget , Friel brought forward a notice of motion calling for the formation of a Brantford courthouse working group . The group , which would consist of the mayor , two councillors , as well as representatives of local justice groups , would work to come up with a plan for a new courthouse .
The group would call on the province to consider Brantford as a high priority location for the redevelopment of courthouse facilities . The notice of motion cites serious safety concerns and suggests consolidation of such services to a common location .
Built in 1852 , the Brantford jail is among the oldest jails in Ontario . Its closing was first announced in 1995 but was delayed .
In 2012 , it was again announced the jail would close but , again , the closing was delayed as the province made changes to its correctional system . Last October , the province announced the jail would close and made plans to transfer prisoners . This month , city officials got word the jail would close as of Dec. 13 .
Once the inmates are gone , the process of decommissioning the jail will begin .
Security equipment will be removed , the building will be cleaned and files will be archived .
At some point , the building , at Market and Nelson streets , will be turned over to Infrastructure Ontario for disposition .
SINGAPORE : A princess and the son of a prince will add a dash of royal glitz to the regional sporting realm when they compete at the 29th Southeast Asian Games in Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur this month of August .
Past editions of the biennial multi-sport gala have also seen royalty square off with common people for honour and glory . In 2009 , Bruneian Crown Prince Al-Muhtadee Billah contested both the singles and doubles nine-ball pool events .
And back in 1967 , when it was still called the Southeast Asian Peninsula Games , the late revered King of Thailand Bhumibol Adulyadej and their eldest daughter Princess Ubolratana Rajakanya struck gold in sailing 's OK dinghy class .
This year 's instalment puts on display 38 sports , 404 events and over 4,000 athletes - with three Very Important People amongst them .
Thailand 's Princess Sirivannavari Nariratana riding Prince Charming during the equestrian dressage team competition at the Asian Games in Incheon , Korea in September 2014 ( Photo : Reuters/Kim Hong-Ji )
Thailand 's Princess Sirivannavari Nariratana is perhaps the most recognisable name here . The only daughter of current monarch King Vajiralongkorn - and granddaughter of King Bhumibol - first came to prominence with a gold medal in badminton at the 2005 edition .
Advertisement
Advertisement
After switching to equestrian 's dressage event , the 30-year-old and their horse Prince Charming will be looking to top their performances at the 2013 SEA and 2014 Asian Games by claiming a medal in Kuala Lumpur .
💪🏾 A post shared by Faiq Jefri Bolkiah ( فائق ) ( @ fjbolkiah ) on Sep 11 , 2016 at 3:25am PDT
Another athlete of royal descent is footballer Faiq Bolkiah , the 19-year-old son of Brunei Prince Jefri Bolkiah and nephew of Brunei Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah . Globally , they are better known as a gifted winger and future prospect for surprise 2016 English Premier League champions Leicester City .
Faiq once featured for the youth teams of Arsenal and Chelsea and netted a penalty at the 2015 SEA Games in Singapore . As captain of both senior and under-23 sides , they will again carry Brunei 's hopes of improving on their status as perennial footballing minnows .
Meanwhile hosts Malaysia will etch themselves a slice of history with Khairy Jamaluddin set to become the first Southeast Asian politician to compete at the Games . On top of their duties chairing the 2017 Games organising committee , the Youth and Sports Minister , 41 , has also been selected for the seven-member equestrian polo team .
Khairy Jamaluddin pictured on March 25 , 2009 ( Photo : AFP / Saeed Khan )
This drew flak from Johor crown prince Tunku Ismail Sultan Ibrahim , a skilled player himself , who last month challenged the minister to a match to determine who is “ qualified to represent the country ” .
Khairy simply said they would `` let the sports association answer '' and the national polo team responded by lauding their experience in the sport - captaining a local club and playing twice in the Malaysian Open - along with their `` fitness , performance level and strong and disciplined character '' .
Isaac Hayden believes Newcastle have so far proven their Premier League doubters wrong .
But the work is far from over , and the midfielder says that the United squad , who have won 10 points and three wins from their opening seven games , are determined to keep , week-by-week , silencing their doubters .
“ There were a lot of pundits writing us off before we had even started , ” said Hayden .
“ But we 've shown so far that we have the right mentality , and the right hunger and desire , to go out there and fight for every point we can get .
“ As a team , if you 'd said we 'd get 10 points by now , then people would have bitten your hand off at the start of the season .
“ But , from the lads ' point of view , we 've always had belief in our ability .
“ We 've got a really young squad – I think it 's the youngest in the Premier League – but we 've got a lot of desire and hunger to get better and better , and , with the manager we 've got here , he 's only going to help us to do that . It 's exciting times playing for Newcastle . ”
Hayden is one of a number of players in the United squad who had question marks over their head in the run up to the top flight campaign .
Despite having impressed largely in the Championship last season , doubts remained whether he 'd be able to cut it in the Premier League .
But just seven games in and those fears have been more than dispelled .
And Hayden 's not the only one – the likes of Jamaal Lascelles , Ciaran Clark , Christian Atsu and more have shown they can hold their own among the big boys .
A lot of the success United have had so far is down to the attitude of Rafa Benitez , and how much the players buy into their manager 's ethos .
Hayden explained : “ That attitude stems right from the manager . Their core values are to not lose games , and he 's drummed into us that has to be the starting point for whatever we 're doing .
“ He 's always telling us , ‘ Do n't put yourself out of games – always give yourself a chance to win ' . We 've all bought in to that .
“ The lads that he 's brought in – not just this season , but also last season – all have good characters .
“ We 're all hard-working and all have the right mentality , and I think that 's maybe the difference to what it 's been like at times in the past .
“ Yes , you can bring in star quality , if you want to call it that , and the fans ' favourite-type players that can be world-beaters on their day .
“ But if they do n't work hard and have a strong team ethic , like the rest of the lads here do , then it kills the team .
“ We 've got a really good team here in terms of the ethic and the values we have , and we also have real quality too .
“ We 've got quality on the ball , and when we do have time in possession , we 're capable of making things happen . Maybe we could use the ball a bit better , but , overall , you ca n't complain . ”
Hayden knows there will be bumps along the way , as United aim to retain their Premier League status – Brighton and Huddersfield goes to prove that .
But they say the squad is ready for the fight .
“ There 'll be challenges along the way , ” they said .
“ It 's a difficult league , but you 've seen so far this season that we can compete with anyone .
“ We have n't really conceded a lot of goals , we 've been very solid , and that 's testament to the qualities of the whole of the team .
“ It starts with the goalkeeper and the back four , but it 's down to everybody who 's out on the pitch , whether that 's the starting XI or the players that come on .
“ If players are coming off the bench now , I think everyone knows the job that is to be done . If you come on , no excuses . You have to be producing and giving the team fresh legs , or whatever they need to see the game out . ”
But Christianson 's name and past deeds dominated the proceedings . At issue : The council member , now in their sixth term , had apparently been caught `` liking '' offensive content on Facebook , including negative -- and , let 's just take a wild guess : fake -- stories about immigrants and minorities .
As outlined by Ben Larson , a member of the Willmar Human Rights Commission , `` Ron [ Christianson ] hit the 'like ' button on posts that talked about Somali and Mexican immigrants having lower IQs , being crime- and filth-ridden , and they also showed support for a post that talked about Somali and Muslim people wanting us dead . ''
Larson , who testified first during an open forum to discuss Christianson 's socail media conduct , said Christianson 's wife had told them `` Ron is not a racist . '' To prove that , Larson said , the council member should `` denounce those posts , say that they were wrong , '' and `` ask for forgiveness from the public , '' adding : `` I think they should resign if they ca n't do that . ''
Larson was the first of five citizens to speak on the record for or against Christianson , as documented in the video below , each speaker slightly zanier than the last .
John Burns spoke in opposition to Christianson 's Facebook activity , saying it harks back to a time when their Irish ancestors were discriminated against as immigrants .
`` When I read those remarks , '' Burns said , referring to the content Christianson was reading online , `` I thought , every last one of them would apply to my people ... you know , 'dirty , ' 'ignorant , ' fit only to do the most menial tasks , 'they 're going to bring the Pope over , he 'll be taking over the country . ' That 's what was said , it was said in very respectable circles back then . ''
Burns said similar discrimination has been aimed at `` every wave that comes in , Irish , Jews , Italians , Hispanics , all of them have suffered through the same thing . '' Burns also tells a story of a Ku Klux Klan cross burning that targeted their grandparents in southern Minnesota . It 's pretty intense , but the good people of Willmar were just getting started .
`` I 'm tired of them Somalians too , in this town , '' said citizen Joe Fernkes , beginning a run of public testimony that literally dropped the jaw of a young woman watching in the audience behind him .
Fernkes continued :
`` They 're taking over the whole damn town . Downtown Willmar , beautiful downtown Willmar ? My rear end . You guys got ta get your blinders off , got ta quit squintin ' your eyes . You got ta start figuring this stuff out . They 're chasin ' girls down , chasin ' blonde-haired , blue-eyed girls down , three , four Somalians at a time , chasin ' em down , callin ' em every name in the book . They take , in Walmart , they take a dump in the aisle , the women do , and then they walk away . They do it at the clinics . I 've seen this , I 've witnessed it , and stuff , you know . They 're very offending . ''
Right , Joe . They 're the `` very offending '' ones . Fernkes wrapped up saying , `` I 'm an American soldier '' -- as if anyone could n't tell that from their GI Joe T-shirt -- `` and I 've been around , and I know a lot . '' Then Fernkes , blaming the Somali presence , helpfully gives a list of places they `` wo n't go '' anymore . So , if you have to be in Willmar sometime ... maybe just stick to those places ?
Next came Bob Skor , who said he 'd known Ron Christianson since childhood . `` We played rock and roll together , we hunted together , we did a lot of things . And they are not racist , he 's just a proud American . ''
Then Skor turns to `` little Mogadishu ... AKA Willmar . '' Citing absolutely nothing , they tell the council members : `` I just hope you guys can change stuff , but , Willmar needs to change . I do n't have time to get into everything I wanted to say , but , hey , appreciate the time . Thank you . ''
Last , and indeed least , is Edward Peterson , who simply challenges `` Ron back there '' -- probably they mean Ben , as in Ben Larson , the first speaker ... but by this point , who knows ? -- to state the following facts :
`` I would like to know how old they are , what they do for a living , and how they can , in their hypocritcal way , draw the conclusions that they do about Ron Christianson . Have they ever served in the military ? I doubt it . And I bet you he 's probably a Democrat . That 's all I have to say ! ''
The West Central Tribune reports one person in attendance made a `` rude gesture '' toward another , and the council meeting was recessed to maintain calm after some people started `` speaking loudly '' in the hallway . No official council action was taken on the Ron Christianson matter , meaning for now , the only resolution the people of Willmar get is the testimony from these five fellow citizens .
Based on this video , Bob Skor got exactly one thing right . Willmar needs to change .
Share :
MOSCOW - England will face Sweden in the World Cup quarter-finals , after Gareth Southgate 's England finally knocked Colombia out in a last ? 16 penalty shootout in Moscow .
England had all but secured their quarter-final place with Harry Kane 's 57th ? minute penalty – their sixth goal of the 2018 tournament . But they were denied by a last-gasp Colombia attack as Yerry Mina scored from a corner in added time during a fiery match at the Spartak Stadium .
With the teams unable to break the deadlock they were forced into a penalty shootout , which England won 4-3 and will now face Sweden in the World Cup quarter-finals on Saturday afternoon at the Samara Arena .
Southgate reverted to the same England XI who started the World Cup with none of the eight players drafted in to face Belgium last week holding their spot . The game was almost five minutes old when Raheem Sterling won a free-kick for handball just outside the penalty area on the left . Ashley Young swung in the cross and David Ospina punched it clear .
England had two corners in the first eight minutes . From the second , Colombia cleared and raced through on the counter-attack – Juan Quintero feeding Santiago Aras . England recovered to snuff out the danger . A third corner came soon after .
In the 16th minute Kieran Trippier exchanged passes with Jesse Lingard to squirm clear on the right . They pulled a cross in from the byline but Kane 's header bounced on the roof of the net . A period of Colombian pressure culminated in Juan Cuadrado taking aim but Harry Maguire blocked . Johan Mojica followed up as the ball moved out to the left but their long-range effort failed .
Another England corner offered one more chance for the rival players to squabble over contact in the area and there was a further flashpoint when Trippier and Radamel Falcao clashed . Cuadrado and Maguire then exchanged shoves as they chased a long ball , though the American official Mark Geiger appeared happy to let tempers fray .
Kane dropped deep to help England build an attack and had several important touches in midfield . When they surge towards the box they were tripped , giving England a free-kick 25 yards out . As Trippier stood over the ball Wilmar Barrios appeared to butt Jordan Henderson . But after apparently consulting the VAR officials , Geiger brandished a yellow card . Trippier than clipped the ball wide of the post .
Both teams had chances just before half-time . First Quintero whipped a shot in low at Jordan Pickford , who saved . Next , Sterling 's accidental connection sent a cross tumbling away from goal and Lingard lashed over . The teams went into half-time goalless , and the game continued in the same fractious vein after the break . Arias are booked for elbowing Kane in an aerial duel in the 52nd minute , giving England another chance to try their luck from set-pieces .
Young 's free-kick was flicked clear by Davinson Sánchez . Trippier floated in the corner and Carlos Sánchez was penalised for wrestling Kane to the floor . After a row involving players from both sides Henderson was booked for flicking their head back at Mina . Kane stepped up to take the penalty and struck it down the middle as Ospina went to their right , making it 1-0 and matching Gary Lineker 's haul in 1986 .
John Stones then became embroiled in a scuffle with Falcao . The striker tried to suggest Stones had raked their head as they ran past but Geiger was unimpressed , although Falcao and the substitute Carlos Bacca were both cautioned within moments of each other . With 77 minutes gone Young fed Sterling who released the ball to the overlapping Lingard , who tumbled under attention from Davinson Sánchez before shooting . The Manchester United player was sure they had a penalty but Geiger waved play on .
England swapped Dele Alli for the more defensive Eric Dier and then gave Jamie Vardy a couple of minutes to use their pace against tiring legs , with Sterling making way . The game had ticked past 90 minutes when Pickford made a superb fingertip save from Mateus Uribe 's long-range strike . It looked a decisive contribution but from the corner Mina climbed higher than Maguire and nodded down and in at the far post , Pickford and Trippier unable to keep it out .
The ball was back in play for a minute or two until Geiger ushered in extra-time . England looked the wearier of the two sides in the first five minutes of extra-time as Colombia appeared in control . The South Americans won another corner in the 100th minute but this time Davinson Sánchez was the first head to it and they powered wide . Danny Rose then came on for Young .
With 112 minutes gone Vardy helped England gain territory on the left and when Rose latched on to Henderson 's pass they snuck a shot across goal . It took a slight deflection and crept wide but it was a sign of life . England 's fourth substitute was Marcus Rashford , who came on for Walker as Dier slipped back into defence .
With little more than five minutes before penalties another dangerous delivery from the corner was met cleanly by Dier but their header flew well over . After an incredibly nervy finale there was still no winner and the sides headed to penalties .
Finding a place to securely save files online or send them between computers is surprisingly difficult . Over at Digital Inspiration , Amit Agarwal uses WhatsApp as a clever workaround to store through an encrypted connection . Here 's you can do it too .
Advertisement
WhatsApp uses end-to-end encryption and supports two-factor authentication , which makes it one of the most secure messaging apps around . It 's also packed with a ton of features and you can send files of all kinds through the app . This includes photos , links , documents , and just about anything else . You 've probably figured out where we 're going with this . With a few steps , you can essentially send files to yourself or create temporary , secure cloud storage using WhatsApp .
This is n't as simple as just sending a message to yourself , because for whatever reason , you ca n't do that with WhatsApp . Instead , you 'll need to create a new group with a random person , then delete them . It 's a dumb workaround , but it works :
Advertisement
Open WhatsApp and create a new group . Add any random contact to the group . Keep in mind that they 'll get a notification when you do this , so pick someone who wo n't mind the slight annoyance or randomness of this . Give the group a name and save . Head back to the group , then tap the subject to view participants . Tap and hold the one participant and remove them from the group .
Now , you have an empty group that only includes you . You can freely upload files to the group and they 're only accessible by you . You can access those files from your phone or from the web app . Sure , you can always email yourself files , or just upload them to a secure cloud storage somewhere , but this is a quick , dirty , and secure way to float files around when you need it .
Using WhatsApp as a Private Store for your Documents and Notes | Digital Inspiration
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
Summit talk turns warmer ; Trump says 'talking to them now '
Summit talk turns warmer ; Trump says 'talking to them now '
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores , asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores , asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town , hundreds again ask themselves : 'Should I stay or should I go ? ' .
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town , hundreds again ask themselves : 'Should I stay or should I go ? ' .
( DroneBase via AP ) . This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City , Md. , Monday , May 28 , 2018 . Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s ...
( DroneBase via AP ) . This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City , Md. , Monday , May 28 , 2018 . Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s ...
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45 , not 50 .
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45 , not 50 .
( NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP ) . This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red . According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We ...
( NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP ) . This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red . According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We ...
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45 , not 50
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45 , not 50
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments , improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams , but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring .
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments , improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams , but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions ...
( AP Photo/Richard Vogel ) . People enter the University of Southern California 's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles , Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 . Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b ...
( AP Photo/Richard Vogel ) . People enter the University of Southern California 's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles , Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 . Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b ...
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero .
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground ...
( AP Photo/Joe Skipper ) . FILE - In this March 24 , 2018 file photo , people take part in a `` March For Our Lives '' rally Saturday , March 24 , 2018 , in Parkland , Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal ...
( AP Photo/Joe Skipper ) . FILE - In this March 24 , 2018 file photo , people take part in a `` March For Our Lives '' rally Saturday , March 24 , 2018 , in Parkland , Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal ...
In New York , a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets .
In New York , a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets .
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training .
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training .
( AP Photo/Ron Todt , File ) . FILE – In this April 15 , 2018 , file photo , demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything . On Tuesday , May 29 ...
( AP Photo/Ron Todt , File ) . FILE – In this April 15 , 2018 , file photo , demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything . On Tuesday , May 29 ...
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington .
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington .
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom , hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial .
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom , hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial .
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation 's midsection , still raising possible flood threat .
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation 's midsection , still raising possible flood threat .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach , Fla .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach , Fla .
( Nick Tomecek/Northwest Florida Daily News via AP ) . Okaloosa Beach Safety lifeguard Doug Brown instructs beachgoers on Okaloosa Island in Fort Walton Beach , Fla. , Monday , May 28 , 2018 , as Subtropical Storm Alberto approaches the Gulf Coast . The storm 's ...
( AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa , File ) . FILE - In this Sept. 29 , 2017 file photo , police lift the coffin that contain the remains of fellow officer Luis Angel Gonzalez Lorenzo , who was killed while trying to cross a river in their car during the passage of Hurr ...
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Mindy Borkson , of Hollywood , Fla. , walks through a bed of seaweed washed up along the beach , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at Dr . Von D. Mizell-Eula Johnson State Park in Dania Beach . Fla .. They often collect ...
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Mindy Borkson , of Hollywood , Fla. , walks through a bed of seaweed washed up along the beach , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at Dr . Von D. Mizell-Eula Johnson State Park in Dania Beach . Fla .. They often collect ...
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach , Fla .
MARION , N.C. ( AP ) - Mudslides triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto forced evacuations below a dam early Wednesday and closed a highway in western North Carolina as the center of the storm lashed the nation 's midsection hundreds of miles away .
About 2,000 people were evacuated for several hours after emergency managers said the Lake Tahoma dam was in danger of `` imminent failure . '' Heavy rain triggered landslides at the dam and along Interstate 40 , which was closed near Asheville .
Engineers inspected the dam further in daylight and McDowell County officials announced in a public alert just after 10 a.m. Wednesday the dam was safe and people could return to their homes .
The evacuation was ordered because engineers wanted to play it safe until they could do more inspections after sunrise , McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones told The Associated Press .
Several schools were closed in western North Carolina because of flooding .
The center of a depression that had been Alberto was about 400 miles ( 640 kilometers ) west near Hopkinsville , Kentucky , where Sherry Key had a fitful night of sleep because of high winds and heavy rains .
`` I have dogs and they 're terribly afraid of storms , so they were on top me all night , '' said Key , an airport office manager .
Radar showed rain extended as far south as the Gulf Coast , where the storm came ashore at the Florida Panhandle on Monday , to the Great Lakes region .
Forecasters warned the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season 's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation 's midsection . Flash flood watches and warnings were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee , Kentucky , Illinois , the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia .
The weather service at the Greenville-Spartanburg airport in South Carolina said the rainfall of 1.76 inches ( 4.4 centimeters ) on Tuesday broke a record dating to 1976 .
In the mountains of western North Carolina , Jones said about 200 residents spent the night in three shelters , set up in Marion , Old Fort and Glenwood . They said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads .
The big , messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama , many of which were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines .
`` We 've had a lot of rain , but we got lucky . It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain , '' said Regina Myers , emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham .
Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat , but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed .
The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 mph ( 147 kph ) hit an area around Cameron , South Carolina , on Monday afternoon . No one was hurt .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Did you know that May is our national bike month ? Neither did we ! The more you know , right ?
Fortunately here in Los Angeles , every month is basically bike month , especially as smaller cities like West Hollywood and Santa Monica start embracing bike share programs and make the roads a bit safer for cyclists getting from place to place .
The great news : It just got waaaay easier to get around the Westside on a bike . West Hollywood 's bike share program “ WeHo Pedals ” just combined forces with the respective forces of Santa Monica , Beverly Hills , and UCLA to create a massive “ Bike Share Connect ” network starting today .
ADVERTISEMENT
Per the press release :
The City of West Hollywood 's Bike Share program , WeHo Pedals , is partnering with bike share systems in Santa Monica ( Breeze Bike Share ) , Beverly Hills ( Beverly Hills Bike Share ) , and UCLA ( Bruin Bike Share ) to form one seamless bike share network . Collectively known as Bike Share Connect , it is the first integrated regional bike share network in the Los Angeles area .
WeHo Pedals memberships will automatically expand into the enhanced service network , which is scheduled to launch onMonday , April 23 , 2018 . The new Bike Share Connect system area encompasses 35-square miles with 830 GPS-connected “ Smart Bikes ” and 135 station locations . The GPS-enabled bikes , powered by Social Bicycles ( SoBi ) and operated and maintained by CycleHop , LLC , will allow for a seamless integration for all users . All of the bicycles within the Bike Share Connect integrated system feature LED headlights and taillights , eight gears , cargo baskets , and a locking mechanism that can be locked to bike share stations within the service area for free , or to any public bike rack within the service area for a nominal fee of $ 2 .
EL DORADO , Kan. ( AP ) — A man imprisoned for killing three suburban Kansas City women nearly three decades ago has lost their disciplinary appeal .
The Kansas City Star reports that Kansas Department of Corrections officials disciplined Richard Grissom Jr. for passing a sexually explicit note to a female corrections officer . Grissom is imprisoned at the El Dorado Correctional Facility for killing three young women who disappeared in June 1989.The bodies of Joan Butler , Christine Rusch and Theresa Brown have never been found .
The now 56-year-old admitted to writing the note . But they said the officer had asked them to write it — something they denied .
Grissom was sentenced to serve 30 days in segregation and fined $ 20 . On Friday , a three-judge panel of the Kansas Court of Appeals denied Grissom 's appeal of the disciplinary action .
Fed raises key rate and unveils plan to reduce bond holdings
WASHINGTON ( AP ) The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year , which could cause long-term rates to rise .
The increase in the short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers . The Fed foresees one additional rate hike this year , unchanged from its previous forecast . It gave no hint of when that might occur .
The Fed chose to raise rates again despite economic weakness at the start of 2017 and a further slowdown recently in inflation , which remains persistently below the Fed 's 2 percent target rate . Fed officials reiterated their belief that that both inflation and economic growth will pick up .
The Fed 's decision was approved on an 8-1 vote with Neel Kashkari , head of the Fed 's Minneapolis regional bank , dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged .
The latest rate increase , announced in a statement after a Fed policy meeting , comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly . Even so , many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms .
In particular , hiring in the United States remains solid if slowing , with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent – even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment .
The Fed 's announcement that it would begin paring its balance sheet later this year – “ provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated ” – involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds . The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates . That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $ 4.5 trillion .
On Wednesday , the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced – an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process . This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates .
Under the plan it unveiled , the Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $ 6 billion and $ 4 billion in mortgage bonds . Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $ 30 billion a month in Treasurys and $ 20 billion in mortgage bonds .
By using a gradual pace for reducing its bond holdings , the Fed hopes to avoid upsetting financial markets ..
The Fed on Wednesday also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it still foresees one additional rate increase this year , to following Wednesday 's increase and an earlier rate hike in March .
The rate forecast , based on the individual projections for each member , envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019 . By then , the Fed 's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent . That 's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate – neither stimulating economic growth nor restraining it .
But the Fed 's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve .
The revised economic forecast bowed to reality by reducing its estimate for unemployment by year 's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent . Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent .
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent , up slightly from its March forecast , with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019 . Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve with tax cuts , deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs .
The central also updated its projections for inflation to take account of a slowdown . It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year , down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent . The Fed continues to project that prices , as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending , will rise 2 percent in 2018 and 2019 , achieving its target .
At the moment , uncertainty surrounds the membership of the Fed 's own policy committee . President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed 's influential board , and those new members , depending on who they are , could alter its rate-setting policy .
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the vacancies . They include Randal Quarles , a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations , for the vice chairperson 's job of overseeing bank regulation . Marvin Goodfriend , an economist at Carnegie Mellon University , has been mentioned for another board spot , and Robert Jones , chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana , reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker .
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “ hawkish ” stance . Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles . By contrast , “ doves ” favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen , favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment .
Yellen , the first woman to lead the Fed , is serving a term that will end in February . So far , Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term .
To that person who hovers around the squat rack waiting to pounce . And that puffed up gym rat who grunts with every pump . Or that runner who tails too closely on the trail like it 's a race : Enough is enough . New year , new you — and that means it 's time to stop annoying people when you work out . We asked some local fitness instructors to sound off to the Star about the top pet peeves they hope not to see in 2017.Excessive chalkingYou are not LeBron James , the elite basketball player who claps their hands in a cloud of chalk to kick off a game . Since you are not LeBron James , trainer Blair Lyon of CrossFit YKV says it 's time to ease up on the chalk use at the gym.Article Continued BelowCo-founder of CrossFit YKV , Blair Lyon , says you are not LeBron James , so you do n't need to excessively chalk your hands in the gym . ( Melissa Renwick/Toronto Star ) “ Some people basically bathe in the chalk , ” says Lyon , who once saw a man use chalk to perform burpees . The man chalked up after every set of 10 leaving hand prints on the floor . Instead , chalk wisely . It 's meant to keep hands dry and create a better grip when using a bar , barbell or Olympic rings , Lyon says.Showy breathingBreathing is easy . But for some yoga students , it is laboured and boisterous when it should be subtle and “ whispery , ” says instructor YuMee Chung , who teaches at Octopus Garden Holistic Yoga Centre . The yogic breath called ujjaya is generated by a gentle squeeze at the back of the throat . YuMee Chung says your breathing should be subtle and `` whispery '' while doing yoga , not laboured and boisterous . ( Anne-Marie Jackson/Toronto Star File Photo )
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
WASHINGTON : Members of Donald Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before they won the White House , The New York Times reported Tuesday ( Feb 14 ) .
Citing `` four current and former American officials , '' the Times report said that intercepted phone calls and phone records showed the repeated contacts with Moscow 's intelligence community .
US `` law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time that they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee , '' the Times said citing three of the officials who spoke privately due to the ongoing investigation .
The nature of the purported calls was not disclosed .
The only Trump aide named was Paul Manafort .
Manafort , Trump 's campaign chairperson for several months last year and a former political consultant in Russia and Ukraine , shrugged off the report .
`` This is absurd , '' they told the paper . `` I have no idea what this is referring to . I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers , and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today . ''
`` It 's not like these people wear badges that say , ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer , ' '' they added .
The Times said US intelligence was investigating `` whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election . ''
The officials interviewed by the paper had so far seen no evidence suggesting that cooperation had existed .
In January , US intelligence officials said in a report that Russia intervened in the US electoral process at least in part to help Trump win . They have spoken often about the need for a closer relationship between the United States and Russia .
Australia all-rounder Mitchell Marsh said they were ready to go if their improved batting in domestic cricket earned them the nod for the third Ashes test against England that starts in Perth on Thursday .
SYDNEY : Australia all-rounder Mitchell Marsh said they were ready to go if their improved batting in domestic cricket earned them the nod for the third Ashes test against England that starts in Perth on Thursday .
The 26-year-old underwent shoulder surgery earlier this year and faced nine months on the sidelines but returned for Western Australia in October and scored 680 runs in all forms of cricket at an average of 68 .
They have scored two centuries , a 95 and 80 in their 14 innings and is expected to be in competition with Peter Handscomb for a position in the third test lineup .
If selected , elder brother Shaun is likely to move to number five with Mitchell slotting in at six , where their medium-pace bowling will complement the all-out pace trio of Mitchell Starc , Josh Hazlewood and Pat Cummins .
`` I am renowned as the 'glue ' of the fast bowling cartel , '' Marsh told reporters in Perth on Tuesday .
`` I did a bit of sucking up and I 'm back in their WhatsApp group . The cartel is happy to have me back . I got invited to dinner last night . It was a huge honour , '' they added with a laugh .
Advertisement
Advertisement
While Marsh 's improved batting had no doubt put them back in the frame , the all-rounder said their reconstructed shoulder was holding up well to the rigours of bowling .
`` Shoulder 's feeling really good , body 's feeling really good , got through the last two Shield games bowling , ready to go if I get the chance , '' they said .
`` I know I 'm in great form at the moment , I probably did n't expect to get back in so soon after my injury . I 've worked hard over the last nine months to get my body back into shape .
`` If I get an opportunity to play , I 'll bowl as many overs as Smudger ( captain Steve Smith ) needs me to bowl .
`` Rhythm-wise , the ball 's coming out really well , pace-wise I think I 'm up where I was 18 months ago . ''
Marsh added that their possible test return on their home ground , which was hard and generating good pace , would be special if they get to play with their brother , but the job was to wrap up the series with two tests remaining .
`` It 'd be nice to be back playing for Australia and playing with Shaun again , it 's always special , '' they said .
`` But we 're playing an Ashes test and we have an opportunity to win the series so all I 'm focused on , if I get an opportunity , is doing my job for the team . ''
( Writing by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington ; Editing by Nick Mulvenney )
The spokesperson of Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) Safin Dizayi stated that during the negotiations between Irbil and the Baghdad government , both sides reconciled on six articles regarding the solution of the crisis that occurred following the independence referendum attempt of the Irbil government in September.Speaking at an event in Irbil on Thursday , Dizayi said that the majority of the problems between the two sides are solved . However , the spokesperson did not give any information on the content of the articles .
`` There has been reconciliation on six articles . In order to approve the agreement , the delegations are waiting for the ultimate decision of Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi , '' said Dizayi while adding that they did not receive any official response yet .
Dizayi further expressed that the KRG delegation is ready to go to Baghdad if Haider Al-Abadi approves the agreement while indicating that they are waiting for the response of Iraq in order to take any further steps .
On the other hand , Dizayi said that they do not have any information on $ 200 million dollars transferred to Iraqi Central Bank 's Irbil branch to pay the salaries of the KRG officials.Iraqi deputy of Kurdish origin and a member of finance committee Mesud Haydar made a statement to Anadolu Agency ( AA ) on Wednesday , saying that Baghdad government send $ 250 billion Iraqi dinar ( almost $ 200 million dollars ) to Kurdistan region in order to pay the salaries of officials of the Health and Education ministries .
The KRG has been struggling to pay the Peshmerga and its employees since 2014 after Baghdad stopped payments to it because of a dispute about oil-sharing revenue . The cost of a three-year war on Daesh added to the KRG 's financial difficulties , and Iraqi troops captured the oil-rich region of Kirkuk from Peshmerga forces in early October after the referendum , halving the KRG 's oil income .
Dizayi further expressed that KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani will visit U.K. within this month as the guest of U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May .
Tensions rose in the region when the KRG held an independence referendum on Sept. 25 , 2017 , and the Kurds overwhelmingly voted to secede . The referendum faced sharp opposition from most regional and international actors , including Iraq 's neighbors Turkey and Iran . Baghdad imposed tough measures and launched operations to take over border gates and airports in the KRG.In the weeks following the referendum , Iraqi government forces moved into several parts of the country disputed between Baghdad and the Irbil , including oil-rich Kirkuk province .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Russia 's military chief warned on Monday that military exercises by Japan , the United States and South Korea aimed at countering North Korea only raise hysteria and create more instability in the region .
TOKYO : Russia 's military chief warned on Monday that military exercises by Japan , the United States and South Korea aimed at countering North Korea only raise hysteria and create more instability in the region .
Russian Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces General Valery Gerasimov , issued their warning in Tokyo as the United States , Japan and South Korea began a two-day exercise to practice tracking missiles amid rising tension over North Korea 's weapons programmes .
`` Carrying out military training in regions surrounding North Korea will only heighten hysteria and make the situation unstable , '' Gerasimov said at the beginning of a meeting with Japanese Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera .
This week 's exercise by the United States and its two Asian allies , in which they will share information on tracking ballistic missiles , comes just days after large-scale drills by U.S. and South Korean forces that North Korea said made the outbreak of war `` an established fact '' .
North Korea says its weapons programmes are necessary to counter U.S. aggression .
On Nov. 29 , North Korea test-fired its latest ballistic missile , which it said was its most advanced yet , capable of reaching the mainland United States .
Advertisement
Advertisement
China has also repeatedly called for the United States and South Korea to stop their exercises , which North Korea sees as preparation for an invasion .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang , asked in Beijing about the latest U.S. , South Korean and Japanese drills , said the situation was in a vicious cycle that if followed to a conclusion would not be in anyone 's interests .
`` All relevant parties should do is still to completely , precisely and fully implement the relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions toward North Korea , and do more for regional peace and stability and to get all parties back to the negotiating table . Not the opposite , mutual provocation , '' Lu said .
'IMPORTANT MEANING '
Gerasimov 's visit to Japan is the first by a senior Russian military official in seven years and follows the resumption of `` two-plus-two '' defence and foreign minister talks in March after Russia annexed Crimea .
Relations between Russia and Japan have been hampered for decades over the ownership of four islands north of Japan 's Hokkaido , captured by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two . Japan has declined to sign a formal peace treaty with Russia until the dispute is resolved .
Gerasimov also met Katsutoshi Kawano , the chief of staff of Japan 's Self Defence Forces .
China 's Defence Ministry said on Monday it had begun a planned joint simulated anti-missile drill with Russia in Beijing , which had `` important meaning '' for both countries in facing the threat from missiles . It said the exercise was not aimed at any third party .
China and Russia both oppose the development of global anti-missile systems , the ministry added in a statement .
China and Russia both oppose the deployment in South Korea of the advanced U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti-missile system .
China in particular fears the system 's powerful radar could look deep into its territory , threatening its security .
The United States and South Korea say the system is needed to defend against the threat of North Korean missiles .
It is not clear if this week 's exercise by U.S. , South Korean and Japanese forces will involve the THAAD system .
( Reporting by Tim Kelly ; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard and Michael Martina in BEIJING ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday it was expanding its cloud computing business in China with a new local partner , aiming to win share in an increasingly crowded and highly regulated market .
BEIJING : Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday it was expanding its cloud computing business in China with a new local partner , aiming to win share in an increasingly crowded and highly regulated market .
Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) will start offering customer services based out of the northwestern Chinese region of Ningxia in partnership with local firm Ningxia Western Cloud Data Technology Co Ltd ( NWCD ) , the U.S. firm said .
`` AWS has formed a strategic technology collaboration with NWCD , and NWCD operates and provides services from the AWS China Ningxia Region , in full compliance with Chinese regulations , '' Amazon said in a statement .
The move comes a month after AWS said it will sell the hardware assets of its Beijing-registered cloud unit for up to 2 billion yuan ( US $ 302.06 million ) to its partner Beijing Sinnet Technology Co Ltd to comply with new regulations .
China launched strict new regulations in June that require foreign firms to store data locally and outsource hardware elements to local partners .
Cloud services have become a crowded and competitive field in China in recent years , with domestic companies , including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd , opening dozens of new data centers in just the past year .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Chinese firms account for roughly 80 percent of total cloud services revenue in China , according to Synergy Research Group .
U.S. companies Amazon , Apple Inc and Microsoft Corp must jump over hurdles to compete , facing new surveillance measures by China and increasing scrutiny of cross-border data transfers .
The infrastructure for the new data centers in Ningxia was built by NWCD affiliates using specifications provided by AWS , an Amazon spokesperson told Reuters .
While the AWS services offered in China are similar to services offered elsewhere , they are separated from other regions globally and customers enter agreements with Sinnet and NWCD rather than with AWS , Amazon said .
( US $ 1 = 6.6211 Chinese yuan renminbi )
( Reporting by Cate Cadell in Beijing and Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco ; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman )
A noteworthy accomplishment at the College
Random acts of kindness and love surprise us throughout our college experience , such as a compliment from a stranger , care packages from friends and family or the odd letter from grandparents . Now there is one more act to add to the list . One of the new joys that has graced campus is the appearance of positive cards in students ' mailboxes , all thanks to the wonderful Kira Perzel Mandell '18 .
The idea of positivity cards struck Perzel Mandell their first-year student year but in a different format . They initially started by making small business cards and handing them out , but that process made distribution difficult . After participating in the 24 Hour Play Festival , Perzel Mandell developed a new system .
“ If you act or participate in it , the theatre secret society sends you a little note on an index card to your mailbox . I was like , ‘ What ? This is the coolest thing , ' ” Perzel Mandell said .
A new idea and lots of free time meant they could move forward with the plans .
“ For fall break my sophomore year , I was just sticking around campus because I did n't have anywhere to go , ” Perzel Mandell said . “ I ended up writing a few hundred [ cards ] to my friends or Facebook friends . ”
All of the cards were written anonymously . After reading through the now defunct “ Overheard at William and Mary ” page to see people 's reactions , they became really excited to see how many people they had been able to positively affect and to see people try to find out who they are . Perzel Mandell realized that people needed a pick-me-up to help them through all the stress of college life .
“ A big thing that was important to me was having it be a little bit personal , ” Perzel Mandell said . “ You get all these ‘ Hey you 're great ' sticky notes on the wall and those are good for some people , but I think by addressing them to specific people , it feels more personal to that person . ”
They came up with 300 different positive messages , making sure to use different combinations of marker colors to differentiate them .
The initial attempt at sending the first batch involved trying to cram large stacks into the student mail slot and getting their hands stuck in the process . Noticing their trouble , one of the postal services workers pointed out they could hand them to the front desk instead of risking two important body parts .
Over time , the process of writing the cards has become more “ systematic ” or professional . They now typically writes them in batches of 1,000 per week and sends them each semester in order to avoid missing anyone who 's only here for one semester . Perzel Mandell has noticed a peculiar evolution in how they draw them hearts .
“ So , they used to be really nice hearts , and now they are just like could be a heart , could be a scribble , ” Perzel Mandell said . “ I feel like it 's become more me ; you know how you practice writing your signature a million times and eventually it becomes something ; I feel like it 's like that . Definitely not a perfect heart but it 's a very ‘ me ' heart now . ”
Them goal in continuing this endeavor is simply to reach more people with the notes and to continue to do so personally .
“ It so cool to feel that I 've personally reached 4,700 people , it 's so exciting , ” Perzel Mandell said . “ Now I just want to do more . ”
They hope that the notes let students know that someone is looking out for them . One hope is that the positive cards will pull people out a little bit from the stress of college life and give them a random reason to smile . The cards have positively contributed to how they see themselves as a person .
One person can positively affect their surroundings . By following through on their idea , Perzel Mandell has brightened the days of many students and has shown the need for positive messages in everyone 's lives . Them favorite message to share is “ Do n't let stupid little things ruin your happiness , ” especially in relation to twamp culture and how students get bogged down by minuscule things .
DAKAR : Donor nations announced on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) US $ 2.3 billion in funding to support education in developing countries , following an international meeting in the Senegalese capital Dakar .
The Global Partnership for Education ( GPE ) - which brings together donors , international organisations and the private sector - called the figure `` a substantial increase in funding '' compared to the US $ 1.3 billion ( €1 billion ) contributed over the past three years .
The developing countries themselves said they will increase their own public spending on education for the period 2018 to 2020 to a total of US $ 110 billion ( €88 billion ) , compared to US $ 80 billion ( €64 billion ) for the previous three-year period .
`` I am energised by the generosity and determination we have seen here today to ensure every child and young person has access to a quality education , '' said former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard , who chairs the GPE board .
`` After today 's commitments , we are seeing a clear trend to seriously address the global learning crisis , '' they added , in the statement released after the talks in Dakar wound up on Friday .
At the meeting , French President Emmanuel Macron , co-hosting the event with Senegalese counterpart Macky Sall , announced that France 's contribution over the three-year period was rising to €200 million ( US $ 250 million ) from €17 million ( US $ 21 million ) for 2014-2017 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The biggest donors were Britain , with a pledge of €417 million ( US $ 520 million ) , followed closely by the EU with Norway the third-largest donor with €260 million ( US $ 324 million ) .
`` The unprecedented support '' means the GPE `` can continue to focus on the most excluded and vulnerable children and work to extend assistance to up to 89 countries , '' said the group 's chief executive officer Alice Albright .
Also present in Dakar was global singing star Rihanna who vowed on Friday they would `` never stop fighting '' to get millions of children back in school .
`` This is a fight we are never going to stop fighting , until every boy and every girl has access to education , '' said Rihanna , who attended as the organisation 's global ambassador .
The World Medical Association ( WMA ) , African region has called for strengthening of palliative care for patients with terminally ill ailments across Africa .
The association made the call in a communiqué issued at the end of its conference hosted by the Nigerian Medical Association ( NMA ) on Saturday in Abuja .
Palliative care entails alleviating the suffering of terminally ill patients , physically , psychologically , socially , spiritually and emotionally .
The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) reports that the theme of the conference ; “ An Excursion into the End of Life Spectrum : Defining the boundaries between palliative care , euthanasia and physician-assisted-suicide . ''
Prof. Mike Ogirima , who read the communiqué , identified mechanisms toward strengthening palliative care to include , strengthening national policies for such care , increased funding , as well as , creating national and regional palliative care centres .
According to him , adopting such mechanisms will go a long way in ensuring the effectiveness of palliative care for patient with terminal diseases .
Ogirima said such efforts would reduce out of pocket expenditure of the patients and their relatives .
They said there were yet to be policies on “ End-of-life issues '' in most African countries , except in Botswana , Kenya , Nigeria and Zambia where some initiatives have been taken on palliative care .
“ We resolved that the care given to terminally ill patients should be encouraged and strengthened in all African countries with guidelines .
“ Countries like Botswana and Zimbabwe are already implementing the guidelines , but we are yet to implement it in Nigeria , '' they said .
The president , however , said African region rejected physicians assisted suicide and Euthanasia , describing them as contrary to the physician 's oath .
The oath stipulates “ I will not use my medical knowledge to violate human rights and civil liberties even under threat '' , they said .
Euthanasia is ending the life of another person through various actions which included injecting the person , giving an overdose and withdrawal of food .
Ogrima also explained that physician assisted suicide is a practice where doctor provide patients with the knowledge to kill themselves which could be in form of drugs among others .
Countries that had legalised such practice include Switzerland and Netherland .
Ogirima , however , frowned at such practices , adding “ WMA ethics of physicians does not permit us to take life '' .
“ We Africans reject Euthanasia and physician-assisted-suicide . We can not assist patients , who may wish to end their lives , because the law of the country and WMA ethics of physicians does not permit us to take life . ''
Similar , Otmar Kloiber , the Secretary-General of WMA urged physicians worldwide to chart a course toward the safety and security of terminally ill patients , rather than prolonging their sufferings .
They identified end of life as necessary care to comfort patients , take away pains and anxiety , urging all countries to channel adequate resources in this direction .
The secretary-general also identified inadequate resources for health as a major impediment to palliative care on the continent .
He , however , called for universal health coverage that guarantees health insurance .
According to him , such measure will provide palliative care coverage and a proper quality healthcare .
Pete had a paranormal tale to tell the show and it was the first of the season . Pete was at Stone 's Public House in Ashland and it 's known to be haunted by a little girl that was run over by a train . The place still has the bloody dress ! Kevin never heard of it .
Pete talked to a new worker there named Mike . After hearing the train in the audio , they talked about the dress again but picked the story back up where the new worker found the dress . They knocked it over and their friend got really scared because their friend believed it was haunted .
They went back and forth on who would pick it up . They started to apologize to the dress to prevent any misgivings . Later that day when they were driving , their brakes went out and had to use the emergency brake . This terrified them to the point where was n't able to sleep .
The next day , a co-worker brought up a bird that was sitting there all day and it was a sign of a spirit . This freaked Mike out even more . Turns out the bird 's nest fell out of a tree and their brake fluid was gone so it was all a coincidence .
Very spooky ! Take a listen and have fun sleeping tonight .
Karlson & McKenzie can be heard weekday mornings from 5:30am until 10am on Boston 's Classic Rock , 100.7 WZLX . Follow the show on Twitter ( @ KarlsonMcKenzie ) and like them on Facebook . Stream K & M anywhere you go with the free Radio.com app for iOS and Android devices .
A Toronto man , sought for murder in South America , was nabbed along with a woman during a drug bust in Northern Ontario on Friday .
Greater Sudbury Police say it turns out the accused man is wanted for armed robbery by Toronto cops and has been sought by homicide investigators in Belize for nearly two years .
Officers executed a search warrant at a residence on Kelvin St. , Drug Squad Det.-Sgt . James Killeen said in a statement released Saturday , explaining a man and a woman from Toronto were arrested .
During the raid , they allege officers seized 384.45 grams of cocaine and 10.46 grams of “ purple heroin , ” which is heroin mixed with the extremely potent opioid fentanyl , with a total street value of about $ 45,000 .
Cops also seized $ 25,000 in cash along with other evidence , including digital scales , detailed debt lists and a money counting machine .
“ The male will answer to the charges in Sudbury and then will be transported to Toronto on their outstanding warrant for ( armed robbery , extortion and other charges ) , ” Killeen said . “ Toronto ( Police ) will then commence the extradition process with Belize regarding the outstanding first-degree murder charge . ”
Killeen has not released the accused man 's name or details of the killing they are sought for .
However , sources confirm a man named Jordan Bacchus , 28 , has been sought by Toronto Police for robbery and extortion since February 2017 .
Bacchus is also wanted by cops in Belize for the brutal killing of Melvin Almendarez in May 2016 .
The San Pedro Sun has reported the 31-year-old local athlete was shot to death and then run over by a golf cart .
Bacchus was taken into custody at the time on drug charges but was released 48 hours later .
A week later investigators issued a warrant for their arrest in connection with the murder but by then it 's believed Bacchus had fled the country and returned to Canada — even though they had surrendered their passport to cops .
“ We were able to find clothing with blood at their residence ; their golf cart had blood underneath as well , ” Henry Jemmott , deputy officer in charge of the San Pedro Police Sub-Formation , previously alleged to the San Pedro Sun .
Bacchus ' hands also allegedly tested positive for gun powder residue at the time .
cdoucette @ postmedia.com
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson attempted to play down Christian Benteke 's penalty miss after the club 's former goalkeeper said they would have broken the striker 's nose for the costly blunder .
LONDON : Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson attempted to play down Christian Benteke 's penalty miss after the club 's former goalkeeper said they would have broken the striker 's nose for the costly blunder .
Belgian striker Benteke went rogue and took the stoppage- time penalty against Bournemouth with the game locked at 2-2 , even though Luka Milivojevic was the designated taker .
Benteke 's weak spot-kick was saved by Bournemouth goalkeeper Asmir Begovic and Palace had to settle for a point which dropped them back to the foot of the table .
`` If I had still been playing for CPFC I would have broken Benteke 's nose after in the dressing-room , '' John Burridge , who kept goal for Palace from 1978-80 , said on Twitter .
After the game Hodgson admitted Benteke 's miss could `` cost their side in May '' but with a home clash looming against Watford on Tuesday the 70-year-old was more philosophical .
`` Christian was very confident , they had played well and they believed they were going to score that penalty , '' Hodgson said on Monday .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` He persuaded Luka to let them take it . They wanted it and felt good , but unfortunately it did n't work out .
`` No guarantee Luka would 've scored it either , of course . ''
It was disappointing because when you have a penalty in the last minute you see a victory looming , '' they added .
Palace captain Scott Dann also offered support to Benteke , despite the fact that Milivojevic had scored from the penalty spot earlier in the game .
`` It takes a lot of courage to go up and take a penalty in the last couple of minutes , '' they said .
`` Unfortunately he 's missed - but we had so many other chances to win this game . ''
Hodgson 's side have drawn four and won one of their last five Premier League games and with the three sides immediately above them all facing tough fixtures this week , Palace have another chance to climb out of the bottom three .
`` One or two of our recent draws have felt like victories and Saturday 's like a defeat , '' Hodgson said .
`` Sometimes we get more than we deserve , sometimes less . We 're five unbeaten and I 'm happy with the five performances . ''
( Reporting by Martyn Herman , editing by Ed Osmond )
RIYADH , Aug 13 ( Reuters ) - Saudi Arabia 's state budget deficit shrank by a fifth from a year earlier in the second quarter of this year as revenues rose moderately and spending fell marginally , finance ministry figures showed on Sunday .
Revenues increased 6 percent from a year ago to 163.9 billion riyals ( $ 43.7 billion ) ; oil revenues jumped 28 percent to 101.0 billion riyals because of higher international oil prices .
Spending dropped 1.3 percent to 210.4 billion riyals in the second quarter , leaving a deficit of 46.5 billion riyals compared to about 58.4 billion riyals a year earlier . ( Reporting by Katie Paul , Writing by Andrew Torchia )
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
4 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Fleet-footed France will have to find a way past the tournament 's joint-meanest defenders Uruguay in the first of two inter-continental World Cup quarter-finals on Friday .
NIZHNY NOVGOROD , Russia : Fleet-footed France will have to find a way past the tournament 's joint-meanest defenders Uruguay in the first of two inter-continental World Cup quarter-finals on Friday .
The South Americans kept Portugal 's Cristiano Ronaldo at bay in their 2-1 last-16 win , and that goal conceded was the only one against them so far in Russia - a defensive feat only matched by Brazil , who play Belgium later on Friday .
Advertisement
But France banged in four goals in their last 16 game against Argentina , and will be hoping their formidable attacking trio of Antoine Griezmann , Olivier Giroud and Kylian Mbappe can turn it on again at the Nizhny Novgorod stadium .
Nineteen-year-old Mbappe scored two goals in the Argentina game , becoming the first teenager since Brazilian great Pele in the 1958 final to score two goals in one World Cup match .
But it was their amazing 70-metre sprint earlier in the match , to win France a penalty , that stunned viewers worldwide .
`` I was wondering whether they were riding a scooter , '' joked France midfielder Florian Thauvin of the teenager whom Uruguay 's defenders must be having nightmares about .
Advertisement
Advertisement
On the surface , though , Uruguay look relaxed and their experienced central defenders Jose Gimenez and Diego Godin are relishing the chance to foil both Mbappe and their friend and Atletico Madrid teammate Griezmann .
`` We want to deny them space , stop them playing , make their strikers uncomfortable - that 's our weapon , '' said midfielder Diego Laxalt at the Uruguay camp in a hotel outside Nizhny Novgorod which , oddly , is painted in the colours of Brazil .
With an impressive strike partnership of their own in Luis Suarez and Edinson Cavani , the Uruguayans believe they can surpass their most recent best of a semi-final in 2010 - though Cavani is sweating on a calf injury that may keep them out .
'Les Bleus ' will be inspired by the two-decade anniversary of their only World Cup win in 1998 , while double winners Uruguay 's modern generation are desperate to recreate the black-and-white-era glories of their 1930 and 1950 trophies .
The winners will play Brazil or Belgium , who meet in their quarter-final in Kazan on Friday evening , for a place in the July 15 final .
( Reporting by Andrew Cawthorne ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
ALBION , N.Y. ( WIVB ) – A 16-year-old Albion High School student was taken into custody Friday for allegedly making a threat against the school .
Albion Police were dispatched to the school at 302 East Ave. Friday after the threat , regarding an explosive , was made .
Police and school officials determined that the threat made against the school was false and that there was no danger to students , staff , or school facilities .
Following the investigation , a 16-year-old male student was charged with first degree falsely reporting an incident .
The student was taken into custody and arraigned in Town of Albion Court . They were released on house arrest .
The defendant 's name is not being released at this time .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Do you ever look at your kids and wonder , where do they get all this energy from ? !
They can be bouncing off the walls within a few seconds of waking up and they do n't seem to stop until it 's time for bed again .
They want to climb on EVERYTHING , touch EVERYTHING and unpack EVERY draw and cupboard in sight .
Sometimes it can be hard to explain what it 's really like , but dad Ian Muir 's clever photography and editing skills highlight it just perfectly .
They took lots of photos of Millie , two , getting up to all sorts of mischief and edited them all together .
They said : `` Millie is a little bundle of energy as most two year olds are .
`` She could talk the hind legs off a donkey but walking did n't come so easy to them
`` She 's only just mastered that in the last month so shots like this would n't have been possible just a short while ago .
`` Now she 's up on their feet we can get up to all sorts .
`` Millie spends their mornings with me before I head to work in the afternoon , this means we can get up to this kind of mischief . ''
Ian says it took a few days to achieve the perfect shot and Millie was the perfect model - but they did need bribing on the final day as they were getting a bit bored of it .
Ian , who lives in Dunfermline , Fife , said : `` This one was our third day in a row of trying and Millie had definitely had enough of my nonsense so I 'm glad we got a good one . ''
Their partner Sally Williamson shared the photo online with the caption : `` Five minutes in the life of our two-year-old . ''
Other parents are loving the brilliant photo , saying it captures a toddler 's energy perfectly .
Ian has explained exactly how they made the picture so other parents can give it a try themselves .
The most important thing is a tripod which does n't move , as this will allow you to get the frame exactly the same .
You then need to take lots of different shots being careful not to overlap your positions .
Ian said : `` Use the 10 second timer or a wireless remote for the dangerous shots like on the car , I 'm standing to the side ready to catch them if need be and I edit myself out .
`` Do the difficult shots first , if the little one loses patience at least you 've got the difficult ones .
`` One of the hardest things is making sure the light remains consistent throughout the shots . If you have one darker or lighter then it 's hard to blend the shot in .
`` I put a flash on a stand and pointed at the ceiling , the flash is just inside the living room to the left .
`` The problem I had here is that the light was changing outside as it was a cloudy day , this made it brighter/darker inside . If you look close enough you 'll see some mistakes but I just get away with it I think . ''
Ian then used the computer programmes Lightroom and Photoshop to edit all the pictures together .
It sounds complicated , but luckily he 's told us EXACTLY what to do .
They said : `` In Lightroom I select all the shots , right click and then choose 'Open as layers in Photoshop ' .
`` Once they 've all loaded I select them all and then auto align them ( edit > auto align ) .
`` Then I use layers and masks to bring them through on each shot . Once I have all the shots out together I sent the image back to Lightroom to tweak the exposure , change white balance etc . ''
Thanks Ian !
Sally shared the photo on the parenting website The Motherload , where it was liked and shared thousands of times .
Gas prices across B.C . vary , with lowest in Vernon and highest in – you guessed it – Metro Vancouver
Everyone is talking about the soaring price of gas lately – and not just in B.C . 's most gridlock-prone cities .
According to GasBuddy.com , gas stations in Vernon are offering the lowest prices across the province as of Tuesday afternoon , sitting steady at about 117.9 cents per litre . Prince George is next in line , with 119 cents per litre on average .
Some of the highest costs , meanwhile , are being recorded in Metro Vancouver , to the tune of 154 cents and above .
Dan McTeague , a senior petroleum analyst with Gasbuddy.com , has pointed to a months-long national trend in which Canadians are seeing an average increase of 15 cents a litre compared to last year .
Causes include increased demand , gas shortages , and refineries shutting down for spring maintenance .
READ MORE : B.C . gas prices to hit the highest levels in years : forecast
Here 's where gas prices stand today across the province :
Cranbrook :
Victoria :
Surrey :
Vernon :
Castlegar :
100 Mile House :
Revelstoke :
Port McNeill :
Summerland :
Trail :
@ ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
In order to use Medscape , your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site .
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration . The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site .
When Dru Love battled their way through sectional qualifying before being awarded a slot at this week 's US Open , they knew exactly who to turn to - father Davis Love III .
ERIN , United States : There are n't many golfers who can call upon the services of a major winner and Ryder Cup captain to work as their caddie .
So when Dru Love battled their way through sectional qualifying before being awarded a slot at this week 's US Open , they knew exactly who to turn to - father Davis Love III .
The 24-year-old amateur will become the third generation from the Love family to play in a US Open when they tee off at Erin Hills on Thursday ( Jun 15 ) .
Grandfather Davis Milton Love Jr. made four appearances in the tournament between 1960 and 1970 .
Father Davis , the 1997 PGA Championship winner and a veteran of 23 US Opens , will be carrying their son 's bag .
Advertisement
Advertisement
For the youngest Love , the choice of caddie was a no-brainer .
`` People keep asking me why did you get them to caddie ? Is it not obvious ? , '' Love said .
`` He 's played 23 US Opens . He 's seen every single possible thing you can ever see on a golf course . ''
Their father needed to be convinced however .
`` He asked me who do you want to caddie , and I said , well , obviously you , '' Dru Love recalled .
`` He told me this is your deal . This is your major . This is your career , do n't pick me just because you think that 's what I would want . ''
'WHOA , WHOA , WHOA '
But Dru Love said there was never any question of anyone else carrying their bag - even if they admit it feels `` weird . ''
Arriving at the course last weekend , the younger Love had to check their instinct to reach for their own golf bag .
`` When we were pulling up I was a little excited and I started grabbing all of the bags , '' Dru Love revealed .
`` I grabbed my bag , and I grabbed this and that , and they go , 'Whoa , whoa , whoa . This is my job this week . '
`` I 'm used to getting their stuff out of the car and toting it to the locker room and following them around and doing whatever they need . For the first two days it felt weird having them do the things that I 'm usually doing for them - handing them a golf ball or cleaning a club .
`` But he 's caddied for me before . We 've won some tournaments together before , and I know what to expect from him , and they know what to expect from me . ''
Autograph hunters are a bit of a hindrance however .
`` I definitely think when he 's walking down the range to give me golf balls it takes them about 25 minutes because everyone stops and is talking to him , '' Dru Love said .
Davis Love III , meanwhile , might have been teeing off alongside their son but failed to qualify for the Open . Love however said they are happy to be helping out their son instead .
`` I think I 'd rather caddie for them than play , '' Love said .
Dru meanwhile expects their father to provide a calming influence .
`` Patience , and routine , and staying calm , and not trying to get ahead of yourself , one shot at a time , '' they said .
`` He 's watched me play enough golf . They can see when I get a little ahead of myself , get a little quick and excited , and they do a good job of calming me down . ''
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - Canada will impose targeted sanctions on 14 Venezuelan officials , adding to its previous moves to put pressure on President Nicolas Maduro 's government , the foreign ministry said on Wednesday .
The sanctions were in response to Venezuela 's `` illegitimate and anti-democratic presidential elections , '' it said in a statement .
Earlier this month , Maduro won a new six-year term in an election that was denounced by a string of countries as unfair , triggering fresh sanctions from the United States .
The new Canadian sanctions include freezing the assets of the officials and prohibiting Canadians from having property or financial dealings with them .
`` These sanctions send a clear message that the Maduro regime 's anti-democratic behaviour has consequences , '' Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said .
Last September , Canada imposed sanctions against 40 Venezuelan senior officials , including Maduro .
Critics say Maduro has plunged the nation into its worst-ever economic crisis .
Canada is a member of the 12-nation Lima Group , which is trying to address the crisis .
( Reporting by Leah Schnurr , Editing by Rosalba O'Brien )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
The chairperson of the Federal Inland Revenue Services ( FIRS ) , Babatunde Fowler , says multiple taxation does not exist in Nigeria .
Speaking on Wednesday after a session with the federal executive council , they said the list of defaulters would be released by the middle of July .
The Voluntary Assets Income Declaration Scheme ( VAIDS ) window closed on June 30 after a three-month extension from its initial March deadline .
“ The update is that it expired June 30th . And anyone who has not come forth by now we shall use all the legal means to make sure that we bring them to book and make sure that they pay the appropriate tax with interests and penalties , ” they said .
“ Well , the response has been very good . We are collating all the figures both at the federal levels and the states levels and I believe that by the middle of July , we should be able to tell the nation the exact progress in terms of the numbers that have declared , amount that has been paid and the amount that is going to be paid in installments ”
“ Let me say once again that we do not really have a situation of multiple taxation . You only have multiple taxations when you pay the same tax to different tiers of government .
“ What we have found out is that a lot of people categorize any payment to the government as a tax . For example , if you receive fine , a penalty they call it a tax . If you pay for the parking space , they call it a tax . Those are the things you refer to as user charges and not taxes . ”
In May , the FIRS chairperson had assured entrepreneurs that the national tax policy will address the issue of multiple taxation .
“ The Joint Tax Board as a body is working together with the FIRS to harmonise tax collection from small businesses all over Nigeria .
“ We have the national tax implementation committee working on the National Tax Policy to harmonies the taxes that are being paid in different states .
“ It is going to address the issue of multiple taxation . ”
NORTHUMBERLAND -
Hamilton Township is among the municipalities and other organizations and individuals supporting farmers ' markets along with other local food producers .
“ Markets are the opportunity for farmers to directly sell their products to our consumers and should you wish to eat food in season , picked at the peak of its taste and nutritional value , then purchasing your food directly from farmers locally is the best option for you , ” states a communication from Hamilton Township Mayor Mark Lovshin , whose family operates a rural farm market stand as part of its overall farming operations .
Farmers ' markets are located in Port Hope and Cobourg and other locations eastward across Northumberland , including Campbellford .
Northumberland County recently updated its annual guide to local food production entitled : “ 65 Farm Fresh Destinations ” which is a colour-coded map identifying these locations . They are divided into proteins , fruits and vegetables and beverages .
It provides easy to understand mapping of everything from farm gate stands at individual farms where foods can be purchased across the county , to production/retail locations like the Empire Cheese Co-op near Campbellford which uses locally-produced milk to make a host of cheeses including specialty cheeses and curd .
From honey and maple syrup for your sweet tooth to bison steaks , lamb and even saffron , you can find it in Northumberland through the brochure available at a series of locations including the county headquarters in Cobourg .
Hamilton Township is also providing several online links to local foods in its recent release which notes that the growing season started out slowly but is in full swing now .
“ You may be also interested to know that The Ontario Grain farmers have launched a new campaign called “ Good in Every Grain ” ( http : //www.goodineverygrain.ca ) which features , recipes , education and upcoming fairs and events across Ontario . We have also included a link to assist you when the crops are season . Availability Guide ( https : //www.ontario.ca/foodland/page/availability-guide ) . ”
vmacdonald @ postmedia.com
LONDON : European and US stock markets wavered on Tuesday ( Apr 24 ) as the yield on US 10-year government bonds touched the key 3.0 per cent level .
That level , which the bonds briefly touched before pulling back , is seen as important for many investors in determining whether to put their money into safer bonds or riskier stocks .
Market analyst Jasper Lawler at London Capital Group put the movement in equities into perspective .
`` Will US 10-year Treasuries yielding three per cent bring about an immediate collapse in equity markets ? The answer from today was an unequivocal no .
`` The tone across markets was cautious , but nothing akin to the drop in February when Treasury yields rose above 2.9 per cent . ''
After pulling back , European equities recovered somewhat . Both London and Paris managed to finish with gains .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Meanwhile , Frankfurt ended lower after a survey showed that confidence among business leaders in Europe 's biggest economy Germany fell back in April as executives responded to a broader clouding-over of the global economic outlook .
The Ifo institute 's closely-watched barometer lost 1.2 points month-on-month , for a reading of 102.1 .
On Wall Street , the Dow and S & P 500 were essentially flat approaching midday .
The euro gained ground on the dollar , which had risen for five straight sessions on the prospect of a quick rise in American interest rates that make the currency more valuable to hold .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
`` The dollar buying has paused , at least for the time being . After rising for five consecutive days , some bullish traders are undoubtedly booking profit ahead of this week 's key fundamental events , '' said Forex.com analyst Fawad Razaqzada .
Razaqzada suggested expectations of a quick rise in US interest rates may be misplaced .
Concerns over trade could `` discourage even the hawkish policymakers from trying to tighten monetary policy '' and `` if the ECB does come across as being more dovish than hawkish then this could undermine the euro further and underpin '' an `` overbought '' dollar .
For Lukman Otunuga , Research Analyst at FXTM , `` the story behind the dollar 's incredible appreciation in recent days continues to revolve around rising US bond yields and easing geopolitical risks . ''
Otunuga said the main risk for the currency this week will be the release Friday of US first quarter GDP figures , which are expected to show economic growth cooling as consumer spending eases .
In oil markets , both main contracts added to Monday 's gains that saw them hit levels not seen since late 2014 , with ongoing unrest between crude kingpin Saudi Arabia and Yemen rebels providing support .
Key figures around 1630 GMT :
New York - Dow : DOWN 0.03 per cent at 24,440.39 points
London - FTSE 100 : UP 0.4 per cent at 7,425.40 ( close )
Frankfurt - DAX 30 : DOWN 0.2 per cent at 12,550.82 ( close )
Paris - CAC 40 : UP 0.1 per cent at 5,444.16 ( close )
EURO STOXX 50 : DOWN 0.2 per cent at 3,507.02
Tokyo - Nikkei 225 : UP 0.9 per cent at 22,278.12 ( close )
Hong Kong - Hang Seng : UP 1.3 per cent at 30,636.24 ( close )
Shanghai - Composite : UP 2.0 per cent at 3,128.93 ( close )
Euro/dollar : UP at US $ 1.2219 from US $ 1.2207 at 2100 GMT
Dollar/yen : UP at 109.12 yen from 108.72
Pound/dollar : UP at US $ 1.3970 from US $ 1.3941
Oil - Brent North Sea : UP 15 cents at US $ 74.86 per barrel
Oil - West Texas Intermediate : UP five cents at US $ 68.69 per barrel
Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa has reportedly revealed that their government has recovered at least $ 850m of externalised funds after a three months grace period ended .
According to the state owned Herald newspaper , Mnangagwa told delegates at the 31st African Union summit in Mauritania that the amount of returned looted funds was now at $ 850m – a slight increase from the returned at end of the grace period .
Mnangagwa had announced the recovery plan for an estimated $ 1.4bn stolen by individuals and businesses after taking office last November .
The president said at the time that those who returned their illegally earned cash were going to be pardoned unconditionally . The amnesty period was set to run from December until March .
At the end of the grace period in March some $ 591m looted funds were returned , according to the Herald .
Mnangagwa , who took over from long-time ruler Robert Mugabe after a military intervention , said the operation had discovered that huge funds were illegally externalised .
Mnangagwa was sworn-in in November last year and has vowed to fight corruption , protect foreign investment and create jobs to help re-build the troubled economy .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says they nationalized the Trans Mountain project because they want to move ahead with it . But what if that was n't the only thing they were trying to complete with Tuesday 's announcement that the feds were taking the project off of Kinder Morgan 's hands for $ 4.5 billion ?
Maybe they made the deal because it would make it easier to advance something else that they covet much more – the carbon tax .
Right now , there are a lot of people taking Trudeau at their word that the reason they bought the pipeline was to build the pipeline . That may be one reason . It 's not necessarily the only one .
Take a look at what they said on Monday when rumours of the deal first broke : “ We 're going to get this pipeline built because we know that Canadians know that we need to both build a strong economy – which includes getting our resources to new markets safely and securely – while at the same time protecting the environment , which means bringing in world class ocean protection plans and moving forward with a national price on pollution . ”
He 's saying that if you want the pipeline , you also need the carbon tax – as if these two separate issues are tied at the hip , which they are n't .
Now it could be argued that Trudeau believes that to get anti-pipeline activists to back down they need to bring in the carbon tax to appease them – that the pipeline is the main goal and the tax is the compromise .
That would be believable if the person making this argument was , say , Stephen Harper or Paul Martin . But it 's not . It 's Gerald Butts ' BFF Justin Trudeau . It 's the same Trudeau who added the phrase “ climate change ” to the environment minister 's job title and has kept Catherine McKenna in the gig despite their divisive climate zealotry .
No , they support the tax more wholeheartedly than they do the pipeline .
What will this mean in practice ? Well , Kinder Morgan wanted guarantees that permits would be approved and court injunctions enforced to stop protesters from halting their work . ( This still remains the real solution . )
Expect the feds as new owners to pivot away from these as primary tactics and focus first on some sort of “ grand bargain ” to give protesters things Trudeau thinks will appease them like the carbon tax , before they turn to getting the pipeline fully functioning .
An interview the PM did with the National Observer back in February supports this : “ Trudeau confirmed that expanding market access for the oilsands industry through a project like Trans Mountain was ‘ part of the equation ' on climate change as early as 2015 . At that time , their government was pushing for ambitious global targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at international negotiations in Paris . Trudeau was also relying on action from Premier Rachel Notley 's NDP government in Alberta that pledged to put a price on pollution and cap emissions from the oilsands . The action , they revealed , ‘ was linked ' with approval of the Trans Mountain project . ‘ So in order to get the national climate change plan — to get Alberta to be part of it , and we need Alberta to be part of it — we agreed to twin an existing pipeline in order to get to work , ' they explained . ”
When you look at it this way , the carbon tax does n't exist to provide cover for the pipelines . Rather the pipeline provides cover for the carbon tax .
And the timing 's all very interesting , given that the carbon tax is now more unpopular than ever such that the government needs an added excuse to ram it through .
So do n't bet on the feds being eager champions of a quickly constructed pipeline . It simply is n't their top priority . Carbon tax first , pipeline second .
Twitter : @ anthonyfurey
afurey @ postmedia.com
James Gunn met with audiences for their World Building Panel at E3 earlier this week , where they revealed that Guardians of the Galaxy did n't smell like a good idea when it was first presented to him . The director 's sentiment of hesitation may have very well been what ended up making the Guardians such a welcome surprise in the middle of the MCU . It is almost impossible to imagine the world of Guardians of the Galaxy without the direction of Gunn , so why the early skepticism ?
CinemaBlend is reporting on why James Gunn initially thought that Guardians of the Galaxy was a bad idea . Speaking at their Building Worlds Panel at E3 , the director explained .
`` I know , for me , when I was first pitched Guardians of the Galaxy , it was something that I frankly ( during ) my first hearing of it , I thought it was not a good idea . I thought it was a talking raccoon , with these strange characters , I thought it was too weird . I thought it sounded to me , like when they first pitched it to me , as if it was Bugs Bunny in the middle of The Avengers . And I did n't think it was something that was going to work . ''
You have to admit that Gunn has a point . 5 years ago the whole idea of the cult comic book becoming a live-action MCU movie seemed pretty ridiculous to many at the time it was announced . And who knows ? Maybe the franchise could have tanked under the direction of another director and set of writers .
Gunn 's thoughts about the big screen adaptation changed after they did some questioning to themselves and realized that the Guardians of the Galaxy is full of more complex characters than what the surface suggests . For Gunn , it seems that the emotional complexity of characters is what drove them to second guess the idea . They say this .
`` I was going home , and I knew the Guardians from the comics and I really liked them , I just did n't think it was something that would fit into the Marvel Universe . But as I was driving home , I thought `` OK , well , let 's just take a moment to think about this . '' If there was such a thing as a talking raccoon , what would it be ? How could it come to be ? ... and I actually found the answers to these questions were incredibly sad answers ... to me that was the foundation of the entire Guardians of the Galaxy Guardians-Verse . ''
It 's interesting to note that the talking raccoon that initially turned Gunn off from the idea of taking the project on was what ended up making them decide to sign on to direct . That early skepticism is exactly what helped Gunn craft the Guardians from one-dimensional characters into the massively successful , unlikely buddy action movie that it is today . Patty Jenkins was initially not sold on the idea of Gal Gadot portraying Wonder Woman and look how that all panned out . The act of second-guessing has served both directors well in creating comic book movies that do n't feel like comic book movies .
Gunn is currently writing the follow up to Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 and again trying to find where the Guardians are going to fit into the ever-changing world of the MCU and the 616 . A lot has changed since the first Guardians of the Galaxy and Gunn has a lot to take into account while writing the next installment and is considering `` breaking the canon . '' Gunn apparently has a lot more sleepless nights to figure that dilemma out .
CTV London
Two local members of the Outlaws motorcycle gang are facing numerous drug and weapons charges following a series of raids .
On Thursday , OPP with the help of the RCMP and London Police executed three search warrants and arrested two men .
Police seized cocaine , marijuana , pills , a handgun and brass knuckles and $ 1200 in cash .
The value of the drugs recovered is $ 19,500 .
A 32-year-old London man and a 32-year-old Mount Brydges man have been charged with 18 weapons and drug offenses .
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on charges of rape in the first and third degrees , and criminal sexual act in the first degree , Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement on Wednesday .
NEW YORK : Movie producer Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on charges of rape in the first and third degrees , and criminal sexual act in the first degree , Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement on Wednesday .
Weinstein 's indictment by a grand jury follows their arrest and court appearance last Friday . Weinstein has been accused of sexual misconduct by more than 70 women , with some allegations dating back decades .
Advertisement
They have denied having had nonconsensual sex .
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York ; editing by Grant McCool )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - ITWAY SPA :
* RECEIVES EARN-OUT PAYMENT OF EUR 5.2 MILLION FROM SALE OF ITALY AND SPAIN DISTRIBUTION ACTIVITIES TO ESPRINET
* EUR 5.2 MILLION WILL BE ALLOCATED TO REDUCING GROUP DEBT Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
( Reuters ) - Transgender recruits will be able to join the U.S. military as of Jan. 1 after a federal judge on Monday denied a request by President Donald Trump 's administration to enforce their ban on transgender troops while the government appeals an order blocking it . U.S. army soldiers are seen marching in the St. Patrick 's Day Parade in New York , March 16 , 2013 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri In a ruling , with which the Pentagon said it would comply , U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly in Washington refused to lift part of their Oct. 30 order stopping the ban from taking effect until the case is resolved , saying it likely violated the U.S. Constitution 's guarantees of due process and equal protection under the law . The White House said the Justice Department was reviewing its options . The Pentagon said in a statement that it would follow court orders and begin processing transgender applicants on Jan. 1 . It added , however , that it and the U.S. Department of Justice “ are actively pursuing relief from those court orders in order to allow an ongoing policy review scheduled to be completed before the end of March. ” The administration had argued that the Jan. 1 deadline was problematic because tens of thousands of personnel would have to be trained on the medical standards needed to process transgender applicants , and the military was not ready for that . Kollar-Kotelly rejected the concerns , saying preparations for accepting transgender troops were under way during the administration of Trump 's predecessor , Barack Obama . “ The directive from the Secretary of Defense requiring the military to prepare to begin allowing accession of transgender individuals was issued on June 30 , 2016 - nearly one and a half years ago , ” the judge said . Several transgender service members filed a lawsuit after Trump said in July they would ban transgender people from the military , citing concern over military focus and medical costs . In an August memorandum , Trump gave the military until March 2018 to revert to a policy prohibiting openly transgender individuals from joining the military and authorizing their discharge . The memo also halted the use of government funds for sex-reassignment surgery for active-duty personnel . Defense Secretary James Mattis had previously delayed a deadline that had been set during the Obama administration to begin enlisting transgender recruits to Jan. 1 , which Trump 's ban then put off indefinitely . PENTAGON GUIDELINES The Pentagon said on Monday there were a number of guidelines that would have to be met by the applicants . It said that sex reassignment or genital reconstruction would be disqualifying factors unless a medical provider certified that a period of 18 months had passed since the most recent surgery , no complications persisted and additional surgeries are not required . The service members who sued Trump , Mattis and military leaders in August had been serving openly as transgender people in the U.S. Army , Air Force and Coast Guard . They said Trump 's ban discriminated against them based on their sex and transgender status . In their October ruling , Kollar-Kotelly said the Trump administration 's reasons for the ban “ do not appear to be supported by any facts ” and cited a military-commissioned study that debunked concerns about military cohesion or healthcare costs . A federal judge in Maryland also halted the ban in Nov. 21 ruling .
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
- Advertisement -
New York police said Monday that they were investigating an explosion of “ unknown origin ” in Manhattan , and that people were being evacuated .
The police have also arrested one person in connection with the incident .
- Advertisement -
“ The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave , # Manhattan . The A , C and E line are being evacuated at this time . Info is preliminary , more when available , ” the New York police department wrote on their Twitter account .
Niger State Government said on Wednesday that it would spend over N50 billion on the reticulation of Minna , Suleja , Bida and Kontagora water works .
Governor Abubakar Bello told newsmen in Minna that the state government would go into Public Private Partnership to ensure adequate water supply in major towns in the state .
The News Agency of Nigeria recalls that the state government had in 2016 , declared a state of emergency on the water sector starting with Chanchaga water works .
Bello said that the government had spent N2 billion on the purchase of 60 water pumps and other equipment from Germany for Chanchaga water works .
They added that government would go into partnership with investors to instal pumps , water meter and other relevant accessories across the major towns to enhance water supply .
They said : “ When we took over the government , we met a dilapidated water infrastructure — water pipes were broken down beyond repairs , the engines were not functioning ; virtually everything was in bad shape .
“ We started with Chanchaga water works ; we constructed access roads , purchased new equipment and repaired broken water pipes and engines .
“ We could n't fold our hands to watch our people continue to suffer for water ; that was why we declared a state of emergency on water sector and I can say that we have recorded quite a success in water supply .
“ Even though major cities in the state still do not have adequate water supply , we have taken a holistic approach and doing everything possible to ensure adequate water supply .
“ We are going into partnership with investors through PPP to instal water pumps and water meters in the major cities . This is the only way can ensure regular water supply . ”
The governor called for positive attitudinal change towards maintenance of government property .
They noted that negative attitude constituted a major problem hindering the development of the state .
The governor appealed to the media as partners in progress , to continue to support the government by publicising its programmes .
Two crooks were jailed after they went on a shopping spree with a stolen bank card .
Darren Russell , 44 , and Tyrone Grimshaw , 26 , used the cards seven times in a morning at grocery stores in Hartlepool .
The case was heard at Teesside Crown Court
They were caught after a 999 call sent police to a reported 4pm burglary on November 2 in Park Road , Hartlepool .
Prosecutor Harry Hadfield told Teesside Crown Court that Russell was arrested near the scene with a bulging carrier bag holding rice pudding and bags of tobacco .
The officers found Grimshaw nearby with the keys to a Range Rover and the bank card , taken from the house .
Mr Hadfield said Grimshaw told them Russell had given them the keys and they were minding them for him .
The card 's owner said it had been used seven times to obtain £129 worth of goods and it had been rejected another five times in attempts to buy £57 more goods .
They said in a Victim Impact statement that they had to get a new card .
The house owner said that the burglar had struck when their daughter and grandchild were there alone , and they were worried what would have happened if there had been a confrontation .
Mr Hadfield said Russell had 66 convictions for 214 offences including 15 dwelling burglaries and they were a three-strikes burglar facing a minimum of three years jail after being jailed for three years in 2015 .
Grimshaw had 13 convictions for 69 offences and they were in breach of a suspended prison sentence and a community order .
Ian Mullarkey , defending Russell said there had been a reduction in their offences of burglary since 1999 .
Andrew Teat , defending Grimshaw , said the total value of the goods was low and they had been in custody serving a suspended sentence until last Friday , which would not count towards their new sentence .
The Recorder of Middlesbrough Judge Simon Bourne-Arton QC told Grimshaw : “ You are a thorough nuisance to society .
“ You in this year have been before the courts on many occasions and been given a number of chances and failed . ”
Russell , of Grange Road , Hartlepool , was jailed for 826 days after they pleaded guilty to burglary and seven offences of fraud . Grimshaw , of the same address , was jailed for 17 months for the frauds which they admitted . They denied the burglary and the case was left on file .
The U.S. government on Friday made several targeted moves to circumvent the mandate under Obamacare that health insurance provide birth control .
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK : The U.S. government on Friday made several targeted moves to circumvent the mandate under Obamacare that health insurance provide birth control .
Officials said they would broaden exemptions to include public companies , following through on a long-held promise by Republican President Donald Trump .
Trump in May signed an executive order asking for rules that would allow religious groups like the Little Sisters of the Poor to deny their employees insurance coverage for services they oppose on religious grounds .
On Friday , officials at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services said the agency was proposing to broaden those narrow religious exemptions to include moral exemptions for both non-profit and profit companies .
Under the 2010 Affordable Care Act , often called Obamacare , employers are required to provide health insurance that covers birth control , but religious houses of worship are exempted . Some private businesses sued regarding their rights to circumvent such coverage , and the Supreme Court ruled in 2014 that they could object to the rule on religious grounds .
The American Civil Liberties Union and other groups said earlier this year they would challenge the Trump administration if it proposed such a rule .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Caroline Humer ; Editing by David Gregorio )
SHANGHAI : Volkswagen 's China Chief Jochem Heizmann said the carmaker plans to launch a pure battery electric vehicle in China this year amid continued uncertainty over how China 's electric car quotas will be applied .
VW 's Heizmann said a lack of clarity about whether electric car quotas would be softened , is forcing VW to push ahead with an aggressive launch schedule for electric cars in China .
`` The rules look like they are being revised , '' Heizmann said , adding that Chinese authorities have not yet clarified how a system of credits for so-called New Energy Vehicles ( NEV ) 's will be formalized .
A lobbying campaign from Berlin to persuade Chinese authorities to water down the proposals , may prove to be helpful , Heizmann said .
In China , policymakers have put forward proposals forcing carmakers to meet sales targets for electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid vehicles of 7 percent in 2020 and 15 percent in 2025 .
( Reporting by Edward Taylor ; Editing by Harro ten Wolde )
The Calgary Flames are counting on a lot of hometown support to help them turn around the series after a dismal playoff start in Anaheim .
Despite dropping two games against the Ducks , the team is focusing on the positives that came out of the two matches .
The Flames lost both games by the slimmest of margins and , in Game 2 , the team had one of their goals disallowed .
The team has also been putting a lot of pressure on the Ducks and generating a lot of scoring chances but , unfortunately those have n't been paying off .
Calgary is looking forward to coming back to the Dome and hope the change of scene will spark something for the series .
“ They 've got the bounces and we need to just keep working until we get the bounces because things can change quickly , momentum can swing , ” Flames head coach Glen Gulutzan said .
The team is counting on fan support to help with the change and the Saddledome will be filled to the rafters .
Kris Versteeg says they and their teammates have been looking forward to this part of the series . `` There 'll maybe be a little more juice and hopefully we 'll channel that energy in the right way . Having home ice advantage and the fans on your side , it 's always an uplifting thing . ''
They say Monday night 's game is a big one .
Meanwhile , fans say there is a lot of optimism heading into the game . `` It will be difficult , but they will make a come back , '' one woman said .
Others say the home ice advantage will turn things around for the series . `` There is definitely a home ice advantage ; they have had it all year . ''
3,000 tickets were handed out in a lottery that the Flames organization held last week .
Some are still available for resale on websites like StubHub , ranging from about $ 100 to $ 900 a piece .
If you do n't have tickets to the game , you can take in all the Flames fever along the Red Mile .
A tailgate party , scheduled for 5:00 p.m. , will also be held outside the Saddledome just before the game at 8:00 p.m .
Calgary police also say that there will be an increased presence in the area for the night to ensure there is no trouble .
Tokyo : Tokyo organisers are back on track and will complete their 2020 Olympic venues on schedule , the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) said Monday at the start of a three-day visit .
After bungling the rollout of the showpiece Olympic stadium two years ago , local organisers have come under scrutiny but last month unveiled their first new permanent venue for the 2020 Olympics in a welcome public relations boost .
The new national stadium is set to be completed by November 2019 after Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe tore up the original blueprints over its eye-watering $ 2 billion price tag .
But the IOC 's Games coordination commission chairperson John Coates backed Tokyo 2020 to deliver the venue on time .
`` It was a significant accomplishment to complete the first permanent venue , '' they said before a meeting with key Japanese officials , including Tokyo governor Yuriko Koike and Olympics Minister Shunichi Suzuki .
`` There are six other venues under way and with the progress of the national stadium , we are very confident of meeting the delivery dates you 've set . ''
Other items on the agenda in Tokyo this week are security , efforts to further reduce the $ 12 billion Games budget and anti-doping protocols , officials said .
Coates noted further progress with last week 's shortlist of three Tokyo 2020 mascot candidates .
Schoolchildren from across Japan will vote on the winner by the end of February and Coates said the new sports approved for Tokyo 2020 -- including skateboarding , sports climbing and BMX freestyle cycling -- would bring some street cred to the Games .
`` That youth focus and gender balance will be one of the greatest legacies of Tokyo 2020 , '' they added , pointing to the record 48.8 percent of women set to compete in the Games .
Koike , who has often been at loggerheads with local organisers over the prickly issue of costs , revealed the IOC president had `` praised Tokyo 's progress '' during a recent meeting in Paris as both sides painted a rosy picture before getting down to business .
Suzuki , meanwhile , underlined the role of the Japanese government in guaranteeing a safe Olympics .
`` Of course security will be of paramount importance , '' they said . `` To that end , the government 's cooperation will be crucial , in particular in terms of counter-terrorism measures and identifying potential risks and threats to the Olympics . ''
Tokyo won hosting rights in 2013 , beating bids from Istanbul and Madrid , but preparations have been far from smooth .
After the fiasco of the Olympic stadium , designs for the official Games logo were ditched following accusations of plagiarism .
There was more bad news in October when organisers admitted that prolonged summer rain had brought high levels of bacteria to a venue earmarked for triathlon and open water swimming .
It 's Super Bowl time , folks ! It 's time once again for professional football 's biggest event , with Super Bowl LII featuring a matchup between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles . But the real question of the game is this : what are you going to eat at your Super Bowl party ? Sure , you could settle for pizza or wings , but you could try to go for something different this year , and actually cook something for your Super Bowl party . But what should you make ? Well , the apps I 've collected here will help you find just the right recipes for the big game . Fit Men Cook
This app offers simple , fulfilling recipes that will also give your guests a healthy Super Bowl meal option . Fit Men Cook makes shopping for ingredients easier by organizing your virtual cart by store aisle . And for those of you that really like to keep track of what you eat , Fit Men Cook shares its data with your iPhone 's built-in Health app . $ 2.99 - Download Now GrillTime
If you 'll fire up the grill this Super Bowl Sunday , you 'll want to take a look at GrillTime . The app is explicitly made for grilling all kinds of meat and vegetables . You choose what you 're cooking , its size , which part of the animal it 's from , and how you 'd like it cooked , and GrillTime will tell you how much time that needs , setting a timer as well . The app even offers grilling instructions for your desired outcome , so whether you like your steaks well done , medium , or rare , it 's easy to get the result you 're looking for . $ 1.99 - Download Now Weber Grills
Get access to more than 250 original recipes for everything that can go on your grill . From meat to vegetables , Weber has put together a great collection of dishes that offers something for everyone for all of the carnivores and vegetarians in your life . The recipes in Weber Grill each feature beautiful photos and complete grocery lists , and the app also offers the ability to set multiple timers to make it your one-stop grilling app . Free - Download Now ( Not ) Recipes by Food52
Sometimes , your favorite recipes wo n't come from carefully-crafted cookbooks , but from someone like you : a home cook who likes to play around in the kitchen . That 's what makes ( Not ) Recipes great : it 's a social cooking app that lets you find recipes shared by a passionate community of cooks , and share your own in return . Do n't have time to shop specifically for the big game ? The app offers suggestions for the items already in your pantry . Free - Download Now BigOven
BigOven offers more than 350,000 different recipes , making it your perfect game day cooking companion . Not only can you use all of those recipes , but BigOven helps compile a grocery list , and can even help you plan a week 's worth of meals ahead of time , which you can share with other accounts . When the Super Bowl is all said and done and your guests have gone home , BigOven will also tell you what you can make out of the leftovers . Free - Download Now What if it all goes wrong ?
On Wednesday Dec. 6 , 2017 , defendant Megan Virginia Shaffer gave their plea of not guilty on all charges in the case of the death of Alexander Stevens , according to WCBC Radio .
Shaffer is being charged with second degree murder , manslaughter , and assisting in suicide participation .
Shaffer and their attorneys have requested a jury trial . The trial date has not been set .
For updates continue checking www.thebottomlinenews.com .
Mental wellness is an under-discussed aspect of college life . While everyday conversation surrounding mental health continues to be stifled , the concern over a college student 's mental health is growing , with 95 percent of college counseling center directors agreeing that the number of students with significant psychological problems is a growing concern in their center of campus , according to the American Psychiatric Association .
Often , students struggling may want help but are not sure how to get it . They are afraid of reaching out to those around them due to negative stigma . They are afraid of reaching out to professional help because they are n't sure what the resources are or are afraid they wo n't be able to afford counseling .
The Health and Counseling Center ( HCC ) is an on-campus resource that provides medical and mental health services . Anand Desai , a psychologist and the Group & Outreach Coordinator at the center , explained the multiple programs the HCC provides . In addition to individual counseling , the center has psychiatry and medicine management services , “ Let 's Talk , ” which is an anonymous , confidential drop-in counseling program . There are also same-day access services , where on certain days students can be seen that same day if they need to talk about something .
Some may question what the university 's role in mental health should be . When you look at the statistics , the involvement of the university in this issue is actually essential to its success . According to a survey done by the National Alliance on Mental Illness ( NAMI ) , 64 percent of people who drop out of college in the United States leave due to mental health related reasons .
“ Given that , I think it 's really important for resources to be sent to health and counseling centers . It 's something where we need to be proactive and not reactive , ” said Desai in response to this .
On April 6 , Fresh Check Day set up on Driscoll Green , which was a collaboration between multiple groups on campus including the HCC , DU Mind and Campus Life and Inclusive Excellence . The event was put on to increase awareness about mental health and help educate and equip students with the resources they need .
“ I 've personally had my own mental health issues in the past , and I knew I needed to get help , ” said third year media studies major Claire Whitnah as they explained their search for a counseling center in the area that worked for them “ Looking back on it I can look at myself and see all the problems that I had , and now I 'm very grateful I 'm getting help . If I did n't get help , I think I 'd be in a worse place , ” they said .
The center of the event featured a booth called “ 9/10. ” At this booth was Leisha Chilas , a Graduate Assistant for the DU Suicide Prevention Project . They explained that one out of 10 college students will seriously consider suicide . A goal of the program and of this booth was to educate students on how to be one of the other nine that reaches out to this one individual . They stressed the importance of having a conversation with someone who is struggling .
“ If you are concerned about a friend , the best thing to do is to speak up . Even if you feel awkward about it , just say , ‘ Hey I 've noticed that you 've seemed really down lately . Would you like to talk about it ? ' Try to start a conversation about it , ” said Chilas .
The resources are there , but support for mental wellness starts at the individual level , whether one reaches out to help others or seeks support themselves . The conversation around mental health has to be comfortable enough for people to express themselves . These centers , events , program and people attempt to break down these walls and allow the community to flourish .
In this week 's edition of Habs Fantasy Hockey Roundup , we will be looking back at how the Canadiens ' top five fantasy players performed over a week that included three games on the schedule against the St. Louis Blues , the Calgary Flames , and the Edmonton Oilers , and whether you should be starting them in your lineups .
Shea Weber
Last Week : 3 GP , 2 G , 1 A , 10 SOG , 7 Hits , 4 Blocked Shots
The Canadiens ' number-one defenseman has arguably been the team 's most valuable fantasy player so far this season . In 24 games , Weber has scored six goals and 16 points , while averaging just under three shots per game .
A top-tier player in any fantasy format , Weber is extremely valuable in leagues that count hits and blocks , as they are currently averaging 2.54 , and 2.17 per game , respectively . Thanks to their devastating slap shot , Weber is Montreal 's most dangerous player on the man-advantage , so they can also be counted on in leagues that include power play points , too . There is no reason for having Weber anywhere outside of your starting lineup .
Max Pacioretty
Last Week : 3 GP , 2 A , 7 SOG , 1 Special Teams Point , 5 Hits .
It was a relatively quiet fantasy week for the Canadiens ' captain . Averaging over 14 shots on goal in the first eight weeks of the season , Pacioretty found themselves way off that mark last week , which would explain their less-than-stellar stat line . Pacioretty has been a disappointment for fantasy owners this year , so far . In 31 games , the left-winger has eight goals and 18 points , leaving them on pace to not score at least 30 goals , and 60 points for the first time since the lockout-shortened season in 2012-13 .
With only one goal in their last 13 games , Pacioretty is due for a breakout . Historically , Pacioretty has been a streaky player , scoring goals in bunches . Prior to their cold-streak , Pacioretty scored six goals in 10 games , on top of 36 shots , and 20 hits . Pacioretty will need to play lights out from here on out to reach the marks set in previous seasons . Despite their lack of point production , Pacioretty can always be counted on in fantasy for their shot production , and should remain in your starting lineup .
Jonathan Drouin
Last Week : 1 GP , 2 Hits , 1 Blocked Shot , 3 Faceoff Wins
The first-year Hab was a non-factor in fantasy last week thanks to a combination of a lower-body injury and an illness . Drouin suited up for only one of three games on the week , and was unable to muster up anything more than a few peripheral stats in which many leagues do not play with , like hits and blocked shots . Drouin owners should not panic , however . As the Canadiens ' most dynamic offensive player , Drouin is counted on to score more than any other forward not named Max Pacioretty .
Averaging 17:38 minutes of ice time per game , including 3:34 on the power-play , Drouin has ample opportunity to put up fantasy points . What makes Drouin even more valuable is their eligibility to play centre or on either wing , leaving fantasy owners with the option to plug them into any forward position in their lineup . Like Weber and Pacioretty , Drouin should remain a fixture in starting lineups this season .
Brendan Gallagher
Last Week : 3 GP , 11 SOG , 4 Hits , 4 Blocked Shots , 3 Faceoff Wins
It was an all-around quiet fantasy week for Montreal 's forwards , and Gallagher , who 's been the best of the bunch this season , was no exception . Despite their poor performance last week , Gallagher is still producing at a career-high rate , with 13 goals and 19 points in 31 games so far . Their 0.42 goals per game is the best since their rookie year , and he 's averaging 3.16 shots on goal per game .
After two consecutive seasons where Gallagher was forced to miss time with a broken hand , the 24-year-old right-winger is healthy for the first time in forever and is a viable option in fantasy once again . Owned in only 60 percent of Yahoo Sports leagues , Gallagher should be a target on the waiver wire in any league format .
Alex Galchenyuk
Last Week : 3 GP , 1 G , 8 SOG , 1 Special Teams Point
Shuffling through the lineup and consistently playing with different linemates for short periods of time , Alex Galchenyuk has yet to live up to the expectations that came with signing their new three-year , $ 14.7-million contract in the summer . With only seven goals and 17 points this season , Galchenyuk is averaging 15:05 minutes of ice time per game and has spent time on the Canadiens fourth-line on several occasions .
Deserving or not , Galchenyuk is not getting the opportunities consistently needed to be an impactful fantasy player . Having already scored 30 goals in one season before , Galchenyuk has all the talent in the world to be one , however . For now , it can be questioned whether they should be owned in any league formats other than Dynasty , but it is worth keeping an eye on the 23-year-old as a potential waiver-wire pickup .
The Stratford High School Drama Society presents the comedy How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying on Friday and Saturday , March 23 and 24 at the Stratford High School auditorium . Staging is by Kathleen Murphy , vocal direction by Jeff Leinen , pit orchestra is under the baton of Mark Ryan , and the show is choreographed by Caitlin Roberts .
All tickets are $ 10 . Shows are Friday , March 23 at 7:30 p.m. , and Saturday , March 24 at 2:30 and 7:30 p.m. Tickets are available at the door or by visiting stratfordk12.org/stratfordhigh , and clicking on the H2 $ link .
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying takes a humorous look at the corporate culture as it follows the progress of its protagonist — J. Pierrepont Finch — as they use advice from the titular handbook that takes them from a window washer to a high-powered executive while walking through the minefield of “ company men , ” office parties , backstabbing , coffee addition and falling in love .
The musical Broadway comedy , which won both the Tony Award for Best Musical and a Pulitzer Prize , features a score by Frank Loesser , including I Believe in You , Brotherhood of Man and The Company Way .
“ The show features a hilarious depiction of the business setting through musical performance that still successfully highlights what 's to love about a musical , ” said senior Zachary Kenney . “ I simply hope the audience has the inclination after seeing this performance to continue to come back and see SHS productions even after their children or friends/families leave in order to continue supporting the drama society . ”
Zachary plays J . B. Biggley a role they described as “ a more arrogant role than what I am used to , I had to prepare myself to speak in a more urgent and rough voice while still maintaining my singing voice . ”
The show holds a lot of relevance in today 's world according to cast member Phoebe Lindsey who plays Smitty . “ It 's still relevant because it 's all about making a place for yourself in the world , something everyone goes through , ” Lindsey , who is a senior , said . “ I want the audience to have fun and leave ready to tell people about the SHS Drama Society and their talent . My biggest challenge in preparing for this show was trying to process it being my last one with the drama society . ”
Senior Barry Libowitz also said they hope the audiences leave with the appetite for comedy satisfied . “ I want the audience to take away a good laugh from the show ” Libowitz , who plays Mr. Bratt , said . “ There are many small jokes both verbal and visual that you really have to pay attention to see . ”
Overall , they added , their experience with the SHS Drama Society has been very rewarding : “ I started with the drama society my first-year student year and have made many close friends and met mentors who have helped me hone my craft . ”
“ The Stratford High Drama Society has been a second family to me since I was a first-year student and I 'm so happy to have stuck with it all four years . It 's given me some of my favorite high school memories , ” said senior Daniel Vilarinho , who plays , Mr. Twimble . “ As always all we want is for our audience to leave the show happy they took the time and money to come see a show by the Stratford High Drama Society . ”
The cast includes Book Voice ( Jacob Russomano ) ; Finch ( Evan Fernandes ) ; Mr. Gatch ( Nicholas Nunez ) ; J . B. Biggley ( Zachary Kenney ) ; Rosemary ( Dakota Benson ) ; Mr. Bratt ( Barry Libowitz ) ; Smitty ( Phoebe Lindsey ) ; Bud Frump ( Matthew Pond ) ; Miss Jones ( Shyla Caserta & Stephanie Iodice ) ; Mr. Twimble ( Daniel Vilarinho ) ; Hedy La Rue ( Charlotte Gilbert ) ; Miss Krumholtz ( Caeley Ott & Abbie Joy ) ; Jenkins ( Tristan Lariccia ) ; Ovington ( TJ Ruffin ) ; Tackaberry ( Madeline Swanson ) ; Toynbee ( Joel Gomez ) ; Davis ( Alexis Detuzzi ) TV Announcer ( Nick Nunez ) ; Mr. Womper ( Ralph Maselli ) ; Policeman ( Jacob Russomano ) ; Scrub Women ( Kianna Rodriguez , Mikaella Torres ) ; and Secretaries ( Raissatou Karim , Avery Rosenbaum , Abby Walsh ) .\
Soiree
ON THE HORN : U.S. Rep. French Hill .
Tonight at 7PM CT , I will be hosting a telephone town hall . If you would like to participate , dial 877-229-8493 . The passcode is 114451 .
the Little Rock Republican , has just announced on Twitter some details on reaching them on a telephone `` town hall '' tonight . I 'd mentioned yesterday the event was in the works , but no specifics were available yesterday.He said shortly before 10 a.m. today : Dialing in guarantees only that you may listen , not that your question will be passed along.To date , Hill and staff have not responded to questions about whether he 'll ever hold a public event to hear from all with questions about such pending issues as the Affordable Care Act , Russian involvement in the November presidential election and some other pressing matters.As yet , I 've seen no other notices from Hill on the event except by Twitter .
Commuters are facing disruption next week after union bosses announced two further days of rail strike action .
The RMT Union said today ( Tuesday ) that its members will walk out for 24 hours on Monday and next Thursday , March 29 .
Read more : David Behrens : Rail 's going nowhere with unions , bosses and passengers at odds
Northern , run by Arriva Rail North , operates train services across Yorkshire , including in Leeds , Halifax and Wakefield .
It comes after talks broke down between the union and Northern Rail , in a dispute over driver-only operated trains .
Read more : Northern rail strike : Planned walk-out to go ahead despite weather chaos
RMT General Secretary Mick Cash said : “ Every single effort that RMT has made to reach a negotiated settlement with Northern Rail over safe operation and safe staffing has been kicked back in our faces .
`` No one should be in any doubt , this dispute is about putting the safety of the travelling public before the profits of the private train companies . ''
News : Beast from the East part three ? Experts say White Easter is possible in Yorkshire
The strikes will be the latest in a series by members of the union over long-running disputes dating back more than 12 months .
Barclays plans to close around 54 branches by the end of the year in an effort to cut costs , further reducing access to banking services for customers in parts of Britain .
LONDON : Barclays plans to close around 54 branches by the end of the year in an effort to cut costs , further reducing access to banking services for customers in parts of Britain .
The bank , along with other British lenders , is cutting back its network as customers turn to mobile banking . Barclays , which told customers about the planned closures in recent weeks still has around 1,300 branches across the country .
The number of branches operated by the major British banking groups has halved in the last 20 years and following political pressure a new rule was set in 2015 that requires banks to assess the impact on local communities of a branch closure .
Branch closures in Britain are disproportionately affecting lowest-income areas , taking bricks-and-mortar services away from communities where they are needed most , Reuters reported in June last year .
`` The number of physical Barclays branches will reduce overall but our branch network and the colleagues who work in them remain a vital part of our offering , '' a Barclays spokesperson told Reuters in an email .
The Barclays branch closures should not result in any net job losses , they said , with jobs set to be transferred elsewhere .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The latest round of bank branch closures , which are targeted at reducing costs , have raised concerns among small businesses as well as individuals in Britain .
`` At a time of unprecedented uncertainty , the last thing small businesses need is ( the ) loss of in-person bank branch support , '' Mike Cherry , Federation of Small Businesses ( FSB ) National Chairman , said .
`` When times are tough , there 's no replacement for help from a known and trusted bank branch contact . ''
RBS said in March it planned to close about 180 branches in Britain and Ireland and about 1,000 roles were at risk at the state-controlled lender .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
And in April , Lloyds Banking Group said it planned to close a further 100 branches of its more than 2,000 in the UK resulting in the loss of over 325 jobs .
HSBC said in January it planned to close 117 branches this year and cut 380 roles in Britain .
In March , Barclays also decided to close a mortgage center in Cardiff , Wales , with the loss of more than 180 jobs .
( Reporting by Anjuli Davies ; additional reporting by Lawrence White ; editing by Alexander Smith )
Effective June 1 , 2018 , all gas stations in Alberta will require customers to pay in advance before fueling their vehicles but the new law comes too late for those who lost a loved one to a fatal gas-and dash incident .
Maryam Rashidi Ashtiani , 35 , died in hospital in June 2015 after attempting to stop a fuel theft at the Centex Station in the 1800 block of 16 Avenue Northwest days earlier . The gas station employee jumped on the hood of a pickup truck after the driver filled the vehicle with $ 113 worth of fuel but did not pay . Ashtiani fell from the vehicle and suffered injuries to their skull and neck that proved fatal .
Ehsan Hosseini , a friend of Ashtiani 's , applauds Alberta 's new gas-and-dash legislation but questions why it took so long to introduce given the fact that British Columbia 's law , known as Grant 's law in honour of a worker killed in 2005 , went into effect in 2008 .
“ It 's going to save lives for sure , ” said Hosseini . “ Back in B.C. , after passing this bill , there was no incident of gas-and-dash anymore and I hope the same thing is going to happen for Alberta . ”
“ They should have taken the steps faster . They should have made regulations in place much earlier than this . ”
Since Ashtiani 's passing , 54-year-old Ki Yun Jo was killed in October 2017 while attempting to stop a gas-and-dash at a Fas Gas station in the town of Thorsby , southwest of Edmonton . Earlier this month , the suspects in a fuel theft at Ghost Station , west of Cochrane on Highway 1A , were involved in a serious t-bone collision a short distance from the gas station .
“ It 's common sense , ” said Hosseini of the ‘ Act to Protect Gas and Convenience Store Workers ' . “ You see people getting killed and you hope this is going to be the last one , then one more thing comes up . ”
“ This is something serious . You 're actually playing with people 's lives with these rules and regulations . ”
Under the law created to ‘ improve safety for retail fuel and convenience store workers ' , customers must prepay for fuel using one of the following avenues :
Paying at the pump
Paying the attendant before fueling
Preauthorizing a debit or credit card or leaving a deposit with the attendant
Having an account with the fuel company
Mike Mondor , the owner of Ghost Station , agrees that the legislation has been a long time coming . “ This should have been done years ago . ”
As an owner of an independent gas station , Mondor says they face a significant cost to upgrade their pumps to comply with the new law and the province is not offering any financial help .
The Wayne Dresser pumps at the station date back to the 1980 's and do not accept payment . Mondor says their customers will need to come inside to pay and their staff will have to monitor and manually stop the pumps when the prepaid fuel amount is reached.These pumps are pretty much obsolete . The electronics in them wo n't work with our prepayment system so we have to get all new pumps , ”
According to Mondor , they have requested quotes from suppliers on replacing their pumps . “ To put two pumps in with all the piping could probably run us over $ 100,000 if not $ 150,000 . ”
Mondor says they have been approached by bigger companies with offers to install their pumps and their branding at their station but they take pride in being among the ‘ few and far between ' independent stations in Alberta . “ We 'd like to stay independent and provide the best service for our customers . ”
With files from CTV 's Shaun Frenette
REUTERS : U.S. President Donald Trump 's vow to roll back government regulations at least 75 percent is causing anxiety for some pharmaceutical executives that a less robust Food and Drug Administration would make it harder to secure insurance coverage for pricey new medicines .
The prospect of big change at the regulatory agency comes as drugmakers are under fire for high prices , including Marathon Pharmaceuticals LLC , which said Monday it was `` pausing '' the launch of its Duchenne muscular dystrophy drug after U.S. lawmakers questioned its US $ 89,000 a year price .
Industry trade group Biotechnology Innovation Organization told Reuters that during high-level discussions with Trump advisors , lobbyists urged the administration not to name a new commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration who would act rashly to speed up the agency 's approval of new medicines .
That sentiment was echoed by executives at more than a dozen pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms , who told Reuters that the FDA is already adopting new drug development models and warned that a looser review process would put patients at risk .
`` People often argue that the FDA is too restrictive , '' said Roger Perlmutter , head of research and development at Merck & Co Inc. `` We have the sense that the balance is pretty right ... you have to have a well-characterized risk/benefit profile . ''
That stance underscores the unique position the drug industry finds itself in when it comes to regulating its products . While most sectors welcome less oversight , drugmakers say a robust review process is critical in convincing physicians and insurers that a pricey new medicine has value .
Otherwise , the time and money it takes to get a new drug to market - estimates run as high as US $ 2.6 billion - would be lost if insurers are not willing to pay for the product .
`` It is great that the administration is seeking deregulation ... to make sure the private sector can be more competitive , '' said John Maraganore , chief executive officer at Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc and co-chair of BIO 's regulatory committee . `` But payers are looking for evidence of value . ''
They said the FDA should speed the approval of lower cost generic versions of drugs that have lost patent protection , but warned that allowing novel products to be launched without extensive testing could be dangerous .
`` Any change at the FDA that allows drugs to be tried out on patients without clinical evidence is a damaging approach , '' said Jeremy Levin , chief executive officer at Ovid Therapeutics Inc. , which is developing drugs for rare diseases .
Health insurers are pushing back against high-priced drugs . Sales of expensive new cholesterol drugs from Amgen Inc and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc have stalled as insurers limit coverage until they see results of trials designed to prove that the drugs significantly lower the risk of heart attack and other cardiovascular crises .
`` It is one thing to get a drug approved , but you have got to get reimbursed , '' said Paul Perreault , CEO at biotech company CSL Ltd , adding that wo n't happen unless payers see proof that a new drug is better than what is already available .
To be sure , some pharmaceutical executives have been vocal about the need for deregulation . Reducing regulation `` will help with drug prices , because it will induce more competition , '' Pfizer Inc CEO Ian Read said on a recent conference call .
After top executives at Merck , Johnson & Johnson and others met at the White House last month with Trump , who pledged to “ streamline ” the FDA , industry trade group Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America said the meeting found common ground such as tax reform , and removal of outdated regulations . The trade group declined to comment on changes at the FDA .
The prospect of a shake-up at the FDA is being welcomed by a new class of investor with ambitions to disrupt the current drug development model , in which larger pharmaceutical players often buy or license early-stage medicines , and reap the bigger rewards if they succeed .
`` The system we have now has its roots 50 , 60 even 70 years ago ... it has become incredibly expensive , '' said Tim Shannon , of venture capital firm Canaan Partners .
They support the notion that some prescription medications could reach the market , possibly at discounted prices , once testing shows they are safe . If such controlled usage indicates that they are also effective , prices could then be raised .
`` We want to make healthcare itself more efficient , '' they said . `` Let the marketplace decide how valuable a drug is . ''
The fate of deregulating the FDA will be driven by its next commissioner . President Trump said last month they have a `` fantastic person '' lined up for the role .
Candidates , according to sources close to the administration , include former FDA staffer Scott Gottlieb , and Jim O'Neill , a colleague of Trump supporter Peter Thiel who has advocated for allowing some medicines to reach the market once they are shown to be safe , even if there is scant evidence that they work .
A recent survey of drug company executives conducted by Mizuho Securities found that 72 percent said Gottlieb should be Trump 's pick to head the FDA .
`` There is no groundswell of movement for change , '' said attorney Jim Shehan , head of Lowenstein Sandler 's FDA regulatory practice . `` The industry likes certainty . ''
( Editing by Edward Tobin )
Premier League champions Chelsea are targeting a top-four finish this season , manager Antonio Conte said after conceding that their side were out of the title race following their defeat at West Ham United on Saturday .
The 1-0 loss at the London Stadium left Chelsea 14 points adrift of league leaders Manchester City in third position after 16 games , with Liverpool two points behind in fourth and Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur fifth and sixth .
`` There is a problem in this league : there are six top teams and only four places for the Champions League , '' Conte told the club 's website . ( www.chelseafc.com )
`` You have targets ... you have an important target to try to go in the first four and to play Champions League . ''
`` To reach this target is not simple . It 's very important for me , the players , for all of us . This league is not simple to reach the top four positions . ''
Manchester United and Chelsea failed to qualify for last season 's Champions League and Arsenal now are in the Europa League after a fifth-placed league finish .
Chelsea , drawn against Barcelona in the Champions League last 16 , travel to 12th-placed Huddersfield Town in the Premier League on Tuesday .
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost . Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC . More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs . Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods , the services you request or are needed to complete the move , and/or on the pricing of each individual mover . Also , certain costs are not reflected in this calculation , for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
3 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Uber Technologies Inc is talking with Alphabet Inc 's autonomous driving unit Waymo about using its technology on Uber 's ride-hailing app , Uber Chief Executive Dara Khosrowshahi said on Wednesday , signaling a possible thaw in relations between the firms .
RANCHO PALOS VERDES , Calif. : Uber Technologies Inc is talking with Alphabet Inc 's autonomous driving unit Waymo about using its technology on Uber 's ride-hailing app , Uber Chief Executive Dara Khosrowshahi said on Wednesday , signaling a possible thaw in relations between the firms .
Khosrowshahi said on stage at the Code Conference that Uber 's relationship with Waymo was `` getting better '' since Uber in February agreed to pay Waymo US $ 245 million in shares to settle a legal dispute over trade secrets .
Advertisement
`` We 're having discussions with Waymo . If something happens , great . If not , we can live with that , too , '' Khosrowshahi said .
Waymo is an `` incredible technology provider '' and having it on Uber 's network would be a good thing , they added .
Waymo declined to comment . It has , though , proceeded with plans to operate without Uber 's help , developing a fleet of cars that it said has self-driven 6 million miles on public roads .
In a lawsuit filed last year , Waymo said that one of its former engineers who became chief of Uber 's self-driving car project took with them thousands of confidential documents . The lawsuit cost Uber both time and money in its self-driving car development .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Khosrowshahi said they believe the technology behind autonomous driving will be shared , and that any company such as Waymo that wants to lead the sector will need to partner with Uber because of Uber 's network of smartphone users .
Waymo plans to roll out an app-based service this year offering rides to passengers in a fully self-driving Waymo car with no driver . It also has a partnership with Lyft Inc , a rival of Uber .
Uber plans to restart its own self-driving car operation in the coming months , Khosrowshahi said . The company shut down testing in Arizona this month after a fatal crash involving one of its vehicles .
`` We will get back on the road over the summer , '' they said , adding that the fatal episode eventually `` is going to make us a better company '' .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
( Reporting by David IngramEditing by Christopher Cushing )
Eirik Glambek Bøe is best known as one-half of the Norwegian folk-pop duo Kings Of Convenience , but since about 2006 , he 's had a side project called Kommode with their childhood friend and former Skog bandmate Øystein Gjærder Bruvik . Fast forward over ten years to 2017 , and Kommode 's debut album , Analog Dance Music , is finally coming out . And today , Glambek Bøe is sharing “ Captain Of Your Sinking Ship , ” a jam that piles their velvety vocals atop subtly funky keyboards and a tasty bassline . “ We tried to capture and combine things we love in other genres , ” Glambek Bøe explains . “ The drums of a samba , the bass line of funk and the chords of a house track. ” Whatever they 're doing , it 's working , and you can listen below .
Analog Dance Music is out 8/18 on Brilliance Records . Pre-order it here .
Asked on Friday what they meant when they said that a gathering of military leaders at the White House the evening before was `` the calm before the storm , '' U.S. President Donald Trump did not elaborate , and said again , `` You 'll find out . ''
WASHINGTON : Asked on Friday what they meant when they said that a gathering of military leaders at the White House the evening before was `` the calm before the storm , '' U.S. President Donald Trump did not elaborate , and said again , `` You 'll find out . ''
Trump made the remarks to reporters at a proclamation signing ceremony in the Oval Office at the White House .
( Reporting by James Oliphant )
CTV London
It 's being called the largest estate gift ever received by the London Health Sciences Foundation ( LHSF ) .
On Tuesday , it was announced that former University of Western Ontario economics professor John Knight left the LHSF $ 5.25 million from their estate .
Knight passed away in January of last year .
Knight 's wife Mary , died of ovarian cancer in 2008 and that was the inspiration for the gift .
The funding will lead to new treatments for ovarian cancer .
“ This funding will give our team the further resources needed to accelerate and expand our research , and translate our findings into clinical trials that directly impact patients , ” said Dr. Gabriel DiMattia in a statement .
“ Planned gifts can truly leave a legacy and that is what we have witnessed today , ” said LHSF President and CEO John MacFarlane in a news release .
“ This donation will immeasurably and positively affect the lives of so many patients and their families for years to come . ”
The Director-General , Katsina Media and Publicity , Malam Ibrahim Muazzam , says Katsina State government remains committed to agricultural mechanization to ease farming activities in the state .
Speaking to newsmen in Katsina , the DG Media said the state government has already procured 225 latest model tractors from an Indian firm , Springfield Agro Ltd .
They said the tractors will be distributed to farmers through the Tractors Owners Association to enhance the farmers productivity .
Malam Ibrahim Muazzam said already , over five dams across the state were under rehabilitation to facilitate dry season farming which will boost agricultural productivity .
They said the state government also supports farmers in the production of staple foods like rice , maize , wheat , millet , sorghum and guinea corn through the provision of fertilizer at subsidized rates and extension services to farmers .
Ahead of the Ekiti State Governorship election , the national chairperson of the ruling All Progressives Congress ( APC ) , Adams Oshiomhole , says the election is as good as won for the party .
The election , scheduled for next Saturday , will be conducted in 2,195 polling units spread across 177 wards in 1the 16 local government areas of the state . About 35 parties are fielding candidates for the election .
While speaking with journalists after meeting with the chairperson of APC Ekiti governorship campaign council , Governor Abubakar Bagudu of Kebbi State on Wednesday in Abuja , Mr Oshiomhole said as a former governor in Edo state , who always defeated the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) , victory is sure for the APC .
They alleged the incumbent Governor Ayo Fayose of Ekiti does not believe in free and fair elections without making use of state apparatus .
They called on the PDP to learn how to mobilise the people to win elections .
“ I have fought PDP in Edo , just relying on mobilisation and persuasion and we know how to win . We will fall back on those conventions , tools of winning election and because they are not in that group , they can not start learning new trick . So , Ekiti is as good as won , ” Mr Oshiomhole said .
“ We have a candidate who is not new to governance and they have their track records . We also know that in the last election that brought Fayose to office , how the election was rigged , the money collected from NNPC , the military officers ruthlessly deployed , the young officer that refused to participate in the misuse of the armed forces who later made a confession that was played on national television .
“ Those manipulative tools will not be used this time and so , the governor will have to learn an art that they were never familiar with . They have to learn how to persuade and convince the electorate . In line with the PDP tradition , they have always spent their energy on controlling structures and producing candidates whether people like them or not . This time around , they will have to win and not to rig . ”
Denying reports of a court case against Mr Fayemi , they said no court has stopped them from contesting the election
They also described Segun Oni , who was one of the aspirants for the party 's governorship ticket before Mr Fayemi picked it , as a perfect gentleman who has been part of the ongoing campaign in Ekiti .
“ What is important is that Segun Oni spoke eloquently during the flag-off of the campaign . Segun Oni is a complete gentleman and I have a lot of respect for him . They spoke and I believe that they spoke from the heart . But in this business , you can hear all sort of things on the social media .
“ I am here as the national chairperson of the APC and I believe that if someone takes us to court , I would have been served court papers . So , let me say that there is no such thing . But however , we know that the opponent can sponsor publications and try to plant confusion .
“ The only hope they have is that we will turn against ourselves . But we are far more sophisticated than that and will not turn against ourselves , we are facing it squarely and this election will be lost and won on merit . ”
They expressed satisfaction with preparations so far by the Mr Bagudu-led Campaign Council for the election .
Is n't there something unconventional , path-breaking and quirky about the fashionable seven sisters ?
There is no denying the fact that their offbeat fashion and out of the box trends are to look out for . Their sartorial fashion choices and statement accessories that make them the most fashionable zone in our country are generally inspired from international fashion trends .
So here we bring you the young fashionistas from North East who are all game for out-swagging everybody else by taking the fashion risks that has made us go aww !
# 1
Aien Jamir is a proud owner of the AJ-Store on facebook and has made remarkable waves with their unique style and aesthetics . What set them apart is their creative direction and the knack to churn out eclectic style through the most unexpected pieces .
What I personally love about Aien is their cool AF style of layering ! Well , that 's because I literally freeze in winters and so I seek ways to nail the concept of layering as chic as possible . Check out for yourself how Aien Jamir does it best !
# 2
Neikimlhing began working as a fashion stylist with Urban studio . They then gave birth to their brainchild called Bindilife .
So if you want to take some real street style fashion tips , Neikimlhing can be your fashion cupid ! They not just masters street style fashion , but also excels in retro chic look . Also , those who thought long earrings and ethnic wear never go with Pixie cut , here 's what you got to see !
Falguni and shane peacock pt2 💛 # bettercameraquality A photo posted by Neikimlhing ( kim ) ( @ alwayshappysoul ) on Jan 21 , 2016 at 10:33am PST
# 3
Merrylinboro , who was born in Assam and has traveled the country in their younger years , calls Delhi their home . Starting their career as a model at an early age of 19 , they were one of the Kingfisher Calendar Hunt models of 2014 .
Wondering what you can steal from their style bag ?
It is how they rock a roll the denim look ! Generally opting for solid colors and feeling the most comfortable in their skin , Merrylinboro is quite vocal with their bad ass style sense !
P.S . Also , those with bangs you got ta stalk them more .
Wearing @ realsureal Twerkistan merch 🙌🏼 & I love it 😍 # twerkistan # electricdreamer ⚡️ A photo posted by MERRYLIN ( @ merrylinboro ) on Dec 2 , 2016 at 12:35am PST
one more from the @ thejuicemagazine 🍹⛱📰🗞 A photo posted by MERRYLIN ( @ merrylinboro ) on Dec 5 , 2015 at 1:02am PST
# 4
Shenali Khetoho Sema dons a lot of hats ! They are a Designer , Textile artist and a Creative consultant too . Also , they are my personal favorite for their embroidered pieces and beautifully fancy silhouettes . May it be ethnic or western apparels ; Shenali knows how to embellish their designs just the right way !
Do n't miss this amazing designer who makes every cloth looks beautiful with their minimal yet outstanding aesthetics . You can get inspired by more of their thread work , mirror work , and laces detailing here .
Packing for some sun ☀️ / # goacalling # goa 🌴 A photo posted by Shenali Khetoho Sema ( @ shenalisema ) on Nov 19 , 2016 at 8:24pm PST
# 5
Kuvelutetseo is another style muse who will inspire you for real . Well , not just a fashion freak , Kuvelutetseo is a folk singer , fashion vlogger and story teller . Looking at their pictures , I wish to quickly clad the northeastern attire . You can get some winter tips from this fashionista and stay cool , hot and classy this season !
@ arcoirislife @ arcoirislife @ arcoirislife # FashionBlogger # Arcoirislife # Ootd # stylingdate A photo posted by Kuvelu Kuku Tetseo ( @ kuvelutetseo ) on Dec 12 , 2016 at 10:40am PST
@ ilovepero @ dulla_shoes @ tetseosisters # Peopleofpéro # AneethArora # DullaChelseaBoots # Jispa # LadakhTravellingDiary A photo posted by Kuvelu Kuku Tetseo ( @ kuvelutetseo ) on Nov 15 , 2016 at 9:36pm PST
Hornbill 2016 Day 1 @ tetseosisters @ leno_kense @ kedskrome # Imcha😿😿We missed you👯👯 A photo posted by Kuvelu Kuku Tetseo ( @ kuvelutetseo ) on Dec 1 , 2016 at 10:57am PST
So take a note and get all set to rock this New Year with these talented young girls as your fashion muses !
An unspecified portion of the proceeds will be donated to the United Nation 's campaign for gender equality , HeForShe , the website says . A limited-edition series of prints will feature famous “ people in positions of power ” who serve as a “ reminder that there 's still a long way to go to stop sexual harassment . ”
All of an estimated 40,000 Rohingya Muslims living in India are illegal immigrants , even those registered with the U.N. refugee agency , and the government aims to deport them , a senior government official told Reuters .
NEW DELHI : All of an estimated 40,000 Rohingya Muslims living in India are illegal immigrants , even those registered with the U.N. refugee agency , and the government aims to deport them , a senior government official told Reuters .
Junior interior minister Kiren Rijiju told parliament last week the central government had directed state authorities to identify and deport illegal immigrants including Rohingya , who face persecution in Buddhist-majority Myanmar .
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) has issued identity cards to about 16,500 Rohingya in India that it says help them `` prevent harassment , arbitrary arrests , detention and deportation '' .
But Rijiju , a high-profile minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's Hindu nationalist government , said in an interview on the weekend that the UNHCR registration was irrelevant .
`` They are doing it , we ca n't stop them from registering . But we are not signatory to the accord on refugees , '' they said .
`` As far as we are concerned they are all illegal immigrants They have no basis to live here . Anybody who is illegal migrant will be deported . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
The UNHCR 's India office said on Monday the principle of non-refoulement – or not sending back refugees to a place where they face danger – was considered part of customary international law and binding on all states whether they have signed the Refugee Convention or not .
The office said it had not received any official word about a plan to deport Rohingya refugees , and had not got any reports deportations were taking place .
The treatment of the roughly one million Rohingyas in Myanmar has emerged as its most contentious human rights issue as it makes a transition from decades of harsh military rule .
The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and classified as illegal immigrants , despite claiming roots there that go back centuries , with communities marginalized and occasionally subjected to communal violence .
Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have fled from Myanmar , with many taking refuges in Bangladesh , and some then crossing a porous border into Hindu-majority India .
Many have also headed to Southeast Asia , often on rickety boats run by people-smuggling gangs .
'PROCEDURE '
Rohingya are generally vilified in India and over the past few months , there has been a string of anti-Rohingya protests .
Rijiju declined to comment on the deportation process , even as some human rights activists question the practicality of rounding up and expelling thousands of people scattered across the country .
`` There 's a procedure , there is a rule of law , '' Rijiju said .
`` We ca n't throw them out just like that . We ca n't dump them in the Bay of Bengal . ''
India said on Friday it was in talks with Bangladesh and Myanmar about the deportation plan .
But deportation is likely to be difficult , given Myanmar 's position that all Rohingya need to be scrutinized before they can be allowed back in as citizens .
Myanmar officials were not immediately available for comment .
A senior government official in Bangladesh , which has complained of being burdened by the heavy flow of refugees , has said India was helping it solve the crisis .
More than 75,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since Oct. 9 after an insurgent group attacked Myanmar border police posts , prompting a security crackdown in which troops have been accused of murder and rape of Rohingya civilians .
( Reporting by Sanjeev Miglani and Krishna N. Das ; Additional reporting by Simon Lewis ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
Costco Wholesale Corp has rolled out two new grocery delivery services this week , a new step in its efforts to fight growing competition from Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc .
REUTERS : Costco Wholesale Corp has rolled out two new grocery delivery services this week , a new step in its efforts to fight growing competition from Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc .
Costco Chief Financial Officer Richard Galanti said in the company 's post-results call that the membership-based chain had started offering two-day delivery of dry groceries as well as a same-day delivery service for groceries including fresh foods .
The two-day delivery service would be free for online orders over US $ 75 across the United States , while the same-day service - offered through its partner Instacart - is available at 376 U.S. stores .
Competition among U.S. grocery retailers has been tightening , particularly since Amazon bought Whole Foods and reduced prices at the upmarket grocer in August .
Wal-Mart and Kroger Co , the leading U.S. grocery retailers , have lost the most customers to Whole Foods due to the price cuts , a study conducted by a data analytics firm showed this week .
Galanti said that Costco had not seen any impact from Whole Foods ' price cuts .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` ( Costco 's ) new online delivery initiatives improve its competitive offering and could drive increased engagement with millennials , '' Jefferies analyst Daniel Binder wrote in a note .
`` Provided they do n't simply cannibalize store sales , the stronger omni-channel effort could prove accretive to sales and EBIT dollars , '' they added .
Costco shares were down 2.7 percent at US $ 162.55 in premarket trading on Friday , as a fall in its fourth-quarter gross margins fueled concerns of an intensifying grocery price war .
( Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru ; editing by Patrick Graham )
After using the phone for three weeks , it 's easy to conclude , that the OnePlus 5T is now a proper flagship .
Despite its borrowed design ( which comes from Oppo ) , the new taller display brings it shoulder to shoulder with current day flagships .
The tweaked camera hardware delivers better Portrait photos but still falls short in terms of quality .
Facial unlock is fun , fast and almost accurate but is only available for unlocking your smartphone ( which makes it purpose-built in a way ) . While these subtle improvements will appeal to new OnePlus adopters , fans who purchased the OnePlus 5 will be left fuming at the Chinese brand .
But at the end of it all , it does make the OnePlus 5T more appealing and worthwhile than the OnePlus 5 . Which finally , makes it… a good buy !
Build and Design : 7.5/10
Honestly , there are no noticeable differences on the OnePlus 5T when you compare it to the OnePlus 5 ; save for the missing fingerprint reader that now sits on the back . The smartphone is all about that taller and bigger display and how OnePlus has managed to fit it in the same footprint as the older smartphone .
With that said , it 's no biggie , the company 's sibling 's Vivo and Oppo have done the same and Xiaomi has done a better job with the Mi Mix 2 , so there 's nothing revolutionary and anything worth bragging about the design either .
The fingerprint reader has moved to the rear and now sits below the camera . This may be a welcome move for some and a not so great move for those ( like me ) who prefer its placement on the front of the device . Still , it is not a dealbreaker as OnePlus has included a handy facial unlock feature , which seems purpose-built as it does not do anything else . More on this in the Software section .
With display turned off , the smartphone may still look the same as the OnePlus 5 ( save for the missing fingerprint reader on the front ) . But the fit and finish have improved ( I said improved , not polished to perfection ) to an extent and in my opinion , it makes the device feel a bit more premium-looking than the first iteration .
The dual camera setup on the back of the device feels better finished and the glossy ring around the lens lends to the premium minimalist look . The tiny notch above the camera ring is actually the antenna for the NFC feature .
Overall , it 's a drastic improvement over the OnePlus 5 's camera setup which felt abnormally sharp . The same goes for the bottom end where the USB port now feels smoother ( read not as sharp as the OnePlus 5 ) and wo n't scratch your pinky when you place it there to support the phone . It 's really about these tiny improvements that make for a better overall product .
At the end of it all , the OnePlus 5T now looks and feels like a device that you would spend your hard-earned money on , even though it quite does not match the level of polish of the premium flagship smartphones ( the volume and power buttons rattle a bit ) . Then again , the Samsung Note 8 , HTC U11 , and Apple iPhones are priced that way as well .
Features : 8.5/10
The OnePlus 5T right about packs in the same hardware as the OnePlus 5 with a few improvements . There 's a new 6.01-inch Full HD+ ( 2160x1080 pixels ) Optic AMOLED display which cuts down on the bezels and manages to fit the bigger display in the same footprint as the previous smartphone .
Inside , we get the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chipset paired with 6 GB / 8 GB RAM and 64 GB / 128 GB internal storage variants . You still can not expand your storage because there is no microSD card slot , like every other OnePlus handset before the 5T .
The cameras have seen a slight change . Gone is the telephoto lens with 1.6x optical zoom from the setup . OnePlus has now opted for a standard lens with the same 20 MP sensor with the same parameters as the 16 MP camera . So why would OnePlus do this ? More on this in detail in the Camera section of the review .
Connectivity options remain the same as before . And so does the battery which remains at 3,300 mAh meaning that it has some heavy lifting to do with the increased display size .
Display : 7.5/10
If the display on the OnePlus 5 annoyed you , you will be happy to know that there is quite an improvement offered by the 5T . The Optic AMOLED unit has been tuned quite well and is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 5 which is as scratch resistant as the one on the OnePlus 5 .
The 5T now features additional Screen Calibration modes to the mix and offers a total of 5 modes as compared to the past 3 modes , which felt a bit limited .
There 's a Default mode that showcases higher saturation , an sRGB mode for more muted tones and even a DCI-P3 mode for the most accurate colour tones . Seeing the DCI-P3 setting felt a bit gimmicky as Android Oreo is the first software update to define colour spaces and as we all know , Oreo is not too popular among Android smartphone manufacturers these days . There 's also an Adaptive mode , which does what it says and even a Custom colour mode that lets you adjust the tone to your liking .
The new display was leagues better to begin with as it did not showcase that annoying jelly effect when scrolling through content within apps . There 's minimal colour shifting when viewing the display off centre , but the usual AMOLED red tinge was present . The display can not be mistaken for an LCD , nor does it even come close to the one on the Note 8 or the Pixel 2 , but it 's a good one nonetheless and is a perfect fit for a smartphone priced in this segment .
Software : 7.5/10
I can imagine this conversation between a Nokia 8 fan and a OnePlus 5T fan .
OnePlus 5T fan : `` Aaj mere paas Snapdragon 835 hai , 8 GB RAM hai , 128 GB internal storage hai , Dash charging hai , dual camera hai .. kya hai kya hai tumhare pass ? ''
Nokia 8 fan : `` Mere paas Android Oreo hai . ''
While I was happy to see almost stock Android with Nougat on the OnePlus 5 , plenty has happened in past 5 months . Google launched the Pixel 2 , Sony also launched its Xperia XZ1 . Next up we have the Nokia 8 , which sits in the same price bracket and it too was recently upgraded to Android 8.0 Oreo .
So it was a bit of a shock when OnePlus unveiled a new smartphone on-stage without the latest Android software out of the box . To make things worse , OnePlus just has 3 smartphones to develop Android ROMs for ( even Apple has more phones to worry about ) so there is no excuse to show up with an older generation OS at launch . At the time of writing this review , there is no confirmed date for a rollout in sight either . And software is a big deal since performance and numbers ( bragging rights ) are usually considered important for OnePlus fans .
Apart from having the same old stuff ( or the features that others already have on offer ) , there is a new Reading mode present on the 5T .
It can be accessed in the toggles or you can head to Display Settings . It appears to be quite handy for those who read a lot on their smartphones . Turning it on will mute the colours and turn on a black and white mode . This can be switched on manually or even set to turn on when certain apps are opened . It 's purely to reduce stress on your eyes when reading for long periods , but it 's not designed to save battery life if that 's what you were expecting it to do .
Another interesting feature is Face Unlock . It works quite well in most of the decent lighting conditions you will ever encounter , can not be fooled with photographs , and needs you to be awake when you unlock it . It does not work well , in dimly lit environments and definitely not in a completely dark environment . And that 's that because all it will ever be used for is unlocking your smartphone and nothing else , it 's just not secure enough like Apple 's Face ID or Huawei 's Point Cloud Depth Camera .
Performance : 8/10
OnePlus smartphones have always focused on the performance factor and the 5T is no different . The unit we received for review came with 8 GB RAM so I did not come across any lag or performance issues whatsoever . Since the OnePlus is still stuck with Android Nougat , I expected it to be polished to perfection and expected no hiccups . Thankfully , there were none since the software is almost stock with minimal bloatware that comes pre-installed .
Software aside , the gaming experience was similar to the OnePlus 5 . The 5T 's wider 18:9 display does deliver a more immersive gaming experience , letting you see more on the display than you normally would on a 16:9 display . There 's no heating issues , and the games ran smoothly without any hiccups or drop in frame rates .
As for audio . OnePlus still offers a headphone jack ! ( But so does , Sony , Samsung and LG this year ) The audio sounds as good as on the OnePlus 5 , which is rich and is good enough for you to chuck that MP3 player out the window . At the same time , there is nothing exclusive here , especially no major leap for Bluetooth audio unlike what we have been seeing on the Sony Xperia XZ1 , which is the only smartphone apart from the Pixel 2 to support high-resolution audio formats ( aptX HD is still only half as good as LDAC ) . But hey , they do offer you an audio jack !
The single speaker is loud and clear and with the recent software update is good enough for you to throw your headphones in the bag , while binge-watching Netflix shows in bed on a lazy weekend . But these will not be seen in high definition resolution . Neither Netflix , Amazon Prime Video nor Hotstar shows you content in HD . OnePlus 5T lacks the Widevine Level 1 DRM which is required to stream HD content . OnePlus has said that it is working on a fix for that , so you will have to wait and watch .
Call quality too is great and I faced no problems placing and answering calls .
Camera : 7.5/10
While the camera setup on the OnePlus 5T may look similar to the OnePlus 5 . The technology behind it is a lot different . OnePlus replaced its telephoto lens with a standard one and now both cameras offer wide apertures of f/1.7 . But there 's more . OnePlus went with pixel binning on the 20 MP unit , which basically combines four pixels into one . But this camera and technology kicks in only when the light is lower than 10 lux . Theoretically , all of the above improvements should deliver low light images that are brighter and with less noise .
While the images turned out great in well-lit indoor situations and in bright daylight , the results were average in low light . The noise levels when shooting in the standard auto mode , has reduced drastically . This was a problem on the OnePlus 5 . But with the noise , the details too seem to disappear , especially in dimly lit conditions like street lighting .
Next , I tried out plenty of shots using the Portrait mode , which should work better considering that annoying telephoto lens is now out of sight . The results as expected were drastically better , but again , only in the comparison to the OnePlus 5 . The focussing system was fast , but you will really need your subject to hit a pose ( and stay that way ) to get a great shot . Else the lack of OIS makes it absence felt with blurry edges .
The Portrait mode 's feathering and masking were a lot more accurate than the OnePlus 5 , but there 's still a lot left to be desired in this day and age when smartphones like the Google Pixel 2 can do a lot more using just one camera . I may be comparing apples to oranges here , but I would expect something better at Rs 37,999 . Rs 32,999 sounds a lot better given the 5T 's camera performance .
Selfies look great , provided they are shot in good lighting conditions . Disappointed with the camera performance , I was surprised to see such impressive Full HD 60 fps video capture on the OnePlus 5T . EIS certainly works well out here and delivers smooth frame rates and this works well even while panning the camera . Low light video recording too looked decent . The 4k recording did feel a bit lacking .
Battery : 8.5/10
Just like the OnePlus 5 , the OnePlus 5T with its choice of an AMOLED display , 10 nm chipset and right software tuning , managed to get a lot out of the same 3,300 mAh battery despite the increase in screen size .
I managed to get a full work day and more , out of a single charge . And even when the battery drained , with a lot of heavy gaming , Dash Charge always came to the rescue .
Verdict and Pricing in India
I have been using the OnePlus 5T for almost three weeks now . While my review of the OnePlus 5 was critical , I can justify it by the fact that the 5 was a badly crafted smartphone with a problematic display and an average camera .
With the OnePlus 5T , things have n't changed much in terms of construction and build quality , what has changed is the display that now makes for an attractive package , despite its average camera performance .
Five months after the OnePlus 5 , the OnePlus 5T does not come with a core hardware upgrades like the 3T did with an upgraded chipset and battery , but simply improves on the stuff it messed up on the OnePlus 5 .
In short , the OnePlus 5T still is n't worth spending Rs 37,999 on , if a good camera is all you are seeking . You will find a better one on the Samsung Galaxy S7 at Rs 33,000 ( it also comes with an IP 68 rating ) . However , the 6 GB RAM and 64 GB storage option at Rs 32,999 sounds a lot more appealing when you consider that 18:9 display .
At Rs 32,999 it is hard to recommend anything else at the moment , but Huawei 's upcoming AI-powered Honor V10 ( or View 10 ) may turn out be a competitor . Buyers , however , will have to wait until January for it to launch in India . Talk about being late to a party , Honor !
While I feel bad for every OnePlus 5 owner out there , it is the way things are expected to be with OnePlus . And with buyers learning OnePlus ' product refresh cycle , it 's easy to say that nobody ( including OnePlus fans ) in their right mind , would buy the next OnePlus 6 , but would wait for a slightly polished 6T instead .
Padmaavat : What women think of Bhansali 's film and Swara Bhasker 's open letter
Sanjay Leela Bhansali 's Padmaavat has audiences and the film fraternity polarised . As the film grows in popularity and finds appreciation , there has been fervent quasi-academic debate around its context , beginning with Swara Bhasker 's open letter accusing the film of being regressive .
While their letter touches upon the resurgent feminist reading of history and politics , it also employs linguistic violence of sorts with constant references to female genitalia . Them letter has gotten film writers Sidharth and Garima to react in what can only be termed as a reactionary tone . And then there is a tweet from Vivek Agnihotri , irrelevant filmmaker and insouciant online vigilante ( of a kind ) .
Making sense of this conversation can be challenging . Yet , audiences , especially women who have watched the film , are largely unheard on the film 's regressive and offensive treatment . We spoke to women beyond cinema and the media to gauge their responses to Padmaavat , its so-called historical context , its cinematic value and its overall impact . Women from varied backgrounds and cities across ages of 25 to 50 responded with interesting insights on how they received the film . The reactions show how hyper feminism is still many miles away from connecting with those it seeks to emancipate .
Some found the history in Padmaavat easy to connect with . Kiran Singh , an entrepreneur , referred to the film as entertaining and a piteous tale . “ I liked the movie for its stunning cinematography and its entertainment quality . Unfortunately , it is through Padmaavat that my 12-year-old son got an exposure to medieval Indian history . I have read Ms Bhasker 's open letter and find it a tad bit boring . They are stretching the logic . Padmaavat is not worth fighting over . I do not find the movie regressive , I would rather call the story ‘ sad and pitiful ' . Padmavati died to defend themselves against the marauding invaders and not because they were widowed. ” Tales of women having committed Jauhar exist in their family and lineage , especially during the British rule .
Similarly , Rita Sinha remembers references to jauhar from their family 's oral history . “ My mother had a book on brave women from history of India and Rani Padmavati featured in it . Since I have heard this legend as a child , I was keen to watch the film . I found that it shows pure Rajput pride . We grew up listening to legends of jauhar since our childhood . There were such incidents in our ( family ) history . My great grandfather fought with the king of Darbhanga and my grandfather was a freedom fighter . Protecting women and children was always first priority and sacrificing lives for that was considered noble . ”
Beyond those who liked the film or found it entertaining , Swara Bhasker 's opinion felt extreme and disconnected from reality .
Vaishali Sinha , who runs a home décor brand VLiving , feels , “ Let real people react to real issues . This letter sounds like another one trying to ride Padmaavat wave . It is a piece of history . Times and situations were very different and so ( it ) needs to viewed in context to try to understand how things were then , not now ! Them ( +Bhasker 's ) obsession with the vagina makes me wonder as to how would they view the Ramayan . Sita undergoes a trial by fire and exile when Rama decides to test their purity . They accept them later . Was all of this also about Sita 's vagina ? I feel Swara Bhasker 's reaction is misplaced . ”
Rachel Pillai , homemaker and mother of two daughters , feels circumstances have restrained the filmmaker from fully expressing themselves onscreen . `` While watching Padmaavat , I did wonder why Sanjay Bhansali chose this subject in the first place . It felt a little irrelevant . Having said that , the film is beautiful , like an artistic children 's book . One could sense the filmmaker 's fear in every frame ... like their freedom of expression was being stifled . I do n't think it glorified self-immolation . Such a point of view seems to be riding the prevalent neo-feminist wave . ”
Similarly , Kamal Rukh Khan , a hypnotherapist , felt that Bhansali showed how life was like for women in medieval India , but did not necessarily glorify suicidal sacrifice . “ It has been a long and tough journey to make and release the film . I 'm glad that it was finally released as I am all for freedom of expression . I am also aware of Swara Bhasker 's letter to SLB . I particularly agreed with this one point , 'people should be able to make and release films and children should be able to get to school safely . ' Having said all this , I do n't think SLB endorsed jauhar and sati . They made a film based in the 13th century where unfortunately , women did live in a patriarchal and misogynistic society . Where women were unfortunately subservient to men and where women were unfortunately traded as commodities . It 's like when a movie on the partition is made , the makers will have to show religious animosity and bloodshed . That does n't mean they endorse these acts . It is also up to us as responsible audiences to view the film subjectively . As Swara rightly said , and I genuinely agree with this , 'every other person in this country has the right to say the story they want to say , the way they want to say it , showing how much ever stomach of the protagonist they want to show ; without having their sets burnt , their selves assaulted , their limbs severed or their lives lost . ' SLB , in their right to freedom of making their story , portrayed 13th century India with its flaws . For me it was a reminder of a horrendous past and the feeling that these acts have been rightly criminalized but in no way did I feel that the movie endorsed jauhar or sati . ”
In an atmosphere where the issue of intolerance of dissent is often being raised , it is refreshing to see that irrespective of liking or disliking Padmaavat , every one of these women stood by their freedom of expression . As Niharika Mallimadugula , researcher with a human insight and design strategy firm , says , “ I am conflicted about films constantly being read as socio-political texts . A filmmaker should be able to tell a story without moral burden . That said , what is portrayed on screen is also vulnerable to interpretation . The nature of visual language is such . Did Padmaavat glorify jauhar ? Or did it glorify valour ? It is important to embrace complexity over choosing what simply suits a stance . ”
But then , it takes women to completely ‘ get ' complexity in all its insightful , delightful variety ; does n't it ? Surely Sanjay Leela Bhansali will agree to that .
Published Date : Feb 04 , 2018 10:07 AM | Updated Date : Feb 04 , 2018 10:07 AM
Rihanna 's diamond Gucci bodysuit was one of the most eye-catching look at the Coachella music festival this weekend .
Despite the annual event being held in the desert , in Indio , California , Rihanna ignored the searing temperatures to sport a glittering silver mesh top and matching leggings . They wore the pieces under a Gucci Print & Common Sense by Coco Capitan tank top and denim hot pants , also by Gucci and first seen on the catwalk in February , with the total look costing a staggering $ 8,480 .
They completed the outfit with some black creepers and studded sunglasses , with their black hair left simple in a sleek bob . Sharing a snap of their ensemble on Instagram , the 29-year-old singer wrote : “ I ca n't go home yet , cuz enough people ai n't seen my outfit . ”
Another picture posted on the site later showed Rihanna going all out in the ensemble by also sporting a matching crystal embellished face mask .
The Umbrella hitmaker was n't the only famous face flaunting their wealth at the festival though . Katy Perry also courted attention in their Thai Nguyen Atelier spring 2017 sequin dress , which they wore over a matching bandeau bra top and hot pants , with the look totalling $ 1,800 . According to a source at the event , Katy was in good spirits as they enjoyed the music and mingled with pals , following their recent split from boyfriend Orlando Bloom .
Among the models making an appearance at the festival was Alessandra Ambrosio , who chose to sport a customised biker jacket from The Mighty Company , costing $ 1,500 and a Bulgari bag , which retails at $ 2,350 . It was something of a family affair for 36-year-old Alessandra , as their daughter Anja , eight , took to the stage on Sunday to perform with Venezuelan American singer-songwriter Devendra Banhart , alongside their father Jamie Mazur on guitar .
Neon lights , festival sights , perfect desert nights ✌️🌠🌄🎡🎶 # amexaccess tent coachella 📸 timuremek https : //t.co/C2d7cMxGXU — Alessandra Ambrosio ( @ AngelAlessandra ) April 18 , 2017
Kylie Jenner was another star who did n't hold back with their various looks at the festival . After travelling to the desert wearing a pair of $ 760 Vetements x Reebok sneakers , the reality star hit headlines with their neon yellow hair as they attended the festival , using Manic Panic hair dye to get the look .
KIEV/MOSCOW : A dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a briefing about their own killing by the Ukrainian state security service .
Ukrainian authorities had said on Tuesday that Babchenko , a 41-year-old critic of President Vladimir Putin and of Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria , had been shot dead at their flat and that their wife had found them in a pool of blood .
Advertisement
Their reported murder had triggered a war of words between Ukraine and Russia and sent shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries .
But on Wednesday , an emotional Babchenko appeared before reporters saying they had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on their life and said they were fine .
`` I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through , '' Babchenko , who looked on the verge of tears at times , told reporters .
`` I 'm sorry , but there was no other way of doing it . Separately , I want to apologise to my wife for the Hell that they have been through . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
They went on to thank the Ukrainian Security Service , the SBU , for saving their lives and said the most important thing was that what they called other big acts of terror had been thwarted . They did not specify what those planned acts were .
The SBU said it had received information about the plot and had managed to prevent it .
Babchenko , a Putin critic , lived in the Ukrainian capital after receiving threats at home for saying they did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash .
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said in a social media posting late on Tuesday they were convinced what they called `` the Russian totalitarian machine '' had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called their honesty .
The Kremlin described such allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign .
`` This is the height of cynicism against the backdrop of such a brutal murder . It is anti-Russian bluster instead of talking about the need to conduct a thorough , objective investigation , '' Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters before it was revealed that Babchenko was alive and well .
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for their comments in a 2016 Facebook post on a Russian military plane crash . They said their comments had resulted in thousands of threats , their home address being published online and calls for them to be deported .
The plane , carrying 92 people , including dozens of Red Army Choir singers , dancers and orchestra members , crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016 , killing everyone on board .
( Additional reporting by Tom Balmforth and Maria Kiselyova in Moscow , Olena Vasina and Natalia Zinets in Kiev ; Editing by Christian Lowe )
Barcelona have agreed a deal with Guangzhou Evergrande to sign midfielder Paulinho for 40 million euros ( US $ 47.16 million ) , the Spanish club announced on Monday .
REUTERS : Barcelona have agreed a deal with Guangzhou Evergrande to sign midfielder Paulinho for 40 million euros ( US $ 47.16 million ) , the Spanish club announced on Monday .
The 29-year-old Brazilian will have a release clause of 120 million euros in a reported four-year contract , and will undertake medical tests before being presented on Thursday at the Nou Camp .
( Reporting by Rik Sharma , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
SYDNEY : An Australian court on Tuesday ( Mar 20 ) threw out part of News Corp 's defence against a defamation lawsuit by Geoffrey Rush , a win for the Oscar-winning actor who objected to a series of newspaper articles accusing them of inappropriate conduct .
Rush is suing News 's Australian arm over a series of articles in 2017 saying they were the subject of an unspecified complaint to Sydney Theatre Company in relation to a 2015 production of King Lear where they played the starring role .
News is defending itself , arguing it should be allowed to publish the articles because they were based on the truth . News sought a court order that the theatre company produce a copy of the complaint , but Rush sought to stop that order .
In an intermediary ruling , Federal Court Judge Michael Wigney dismissed the News request , saying that for the theatre company to hand over the complaint after the articles were published would have `` no apparent forensic purpose '' .
`` A defendant who pleads ( the truth ) must do so on the basis of the information which it has in its possession when the defence is delivered , and is not permitted to undertake a fishing expedition in the hope of finding something in support of its plea , '' Wigney wrote in their ruling .
Wigney ordered News to amend its defence and to pay Rush 's legal costs from requesting the change .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rush , who won the Best Actor Oscar in 1997 for Shine and has since appeared in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies and Best Picture Oscar winners Shakespeare In Love and The King 's Speech , has denied wrongdoing and said they were never told of the complaint at the time .
They have said the timing of the articles , late 2017 , suggested they had committed sexual assault or inappropriate conduct in the theatre because other articles in the weeks before had named producer Harvey Weinstein and actor Kevin Spacey as `` sexual predators who had committed acts of sexual assault and/or sexual harassment '' , Wigney wrote .
Rush is seeking damages and a restraint on further publication on the matter . They have stepped down as president of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television until the matter is resolved .
The case continues at a date to be determined .
Apple Inc 's hint of returning a ton of cash to shareholders was not enough to move investors who worried more about the iPhone maker 's weak outlook amid reports of production cuts for its flagship iPhone X .
REUTERS : Apple Inc 's hint of returning a ton of cash to shareholders was not enough to move investors who worried more about the iPhone maker 's weak outlook amid reports of production cuts for its flagship iPhone X .
Apple shares were down about 1.4 percent at US $ 165.42 in early trade on Friday .
The iPhone X was the first phone to get a major design overhaul since the launch of the iPhone 6 in 2015 , and many expected it to lead to blockbuster sales .
On Thursday , the Cupertino-based tech giant said it sold fewer iPhones over the holiday quarter than Wall Street expected , and sees revenue of US $ 60 billion to US $ 62 billion and gross margins of between 38 percent and 38.5 percent for its fiscal second quarter ending in March .
Analysts were expecting US $ 65.7 billion in sales and a gross margin of 38.9 percent for the March quarter , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
Analysts at Longbow Research said the revenue guidance implied a low 50 million iPhone shipment forecasts against a consensus of 58.5 million .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` We now forecast 221 million iPhone shipments for fiscal 2018 , versus the prior 235 million consensus . ''
On Thursday , Apple also said it was planning , over time , to `` target a capital structure that is approximately net neutral , '' adding that it will `` take that balance down from US $ 163 billion to zero , '' referring to Apple 's level of cash net of debt .
The comments sent its shares up about 3 percent Thursday after the bell .
`` iPhone sell-through appears to have declined in the December quarter , which , along with weaker-than-expected
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
second quarter revenue guidance , reinforces our view of a saturated market , '' KeyBanc analysts said in a note , cutting the rating on the stock to `` sector weight '' from `` overweight . `` `` Further , gross margin results and guidance both missed our expectations , which reduces our view of potential profit growth going forward . ''
Of 39 analysts who cover the stock , 29 rate it 'buy ' or higher . However , the mixed results triggered varied responses from analysts . At least three brokerages raised their target price on the company 's stock largely banking on the possibility of cash returns , while three cut price targets .
`` ( Apple 's ) cash return should support the stock , but we see little to drive upside , '' KeyBanc analysts said .
( Reporting by Muvija M and Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru ; Editing by Bernard Orr )
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2018 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 1LE Enlarge Photo
Chevrolet is n't messing around with the Camaro .
The sixth-generation car , which arrived as a 2016 model , is the best yet . We even named the car , in SS flavor , the Motor Authority Best Car to Buy that year .
For 2018 , the best has been made even better with the addition of Chevy 's track-focused 1LE package to the ZL1 sledgehammer . The result is a car that laps the Nürburgring in a scant 7:16.04 . Yes , a Camaro is now among the fastest rear-wheel-drive production cars to have ever lapped the German race track , and it will only cost you $ 69,995 .
But you do n't have to spend that much to have fun in a Camaro . Every grade , including the base 4-cylinder , is a hoot to drive .
2018 Chevrolet Camaro 1LE Enlarge Photo
The base car comes with a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 that delivers 275 horsepower and 295 pound-feet of torque . Above this is the V6 with a 3.6-liter V-6 good for 335 hp and 284 lb-ft and further up still is the SS with a 6.2-liter V-8 good for 455 hp and 455 lb-ft . Sitting at the top is the ZL1 with a 6.2-liter supercharged V-8 with 640 hp and 640 lb-ft .
A 6-speed manual is standard while an 8-speed ( 10-speed in the ZL1 ) automatic is available . Buyers can also choose between coupe and convertible body styles , and can also opt for the track-focused 1LE package on most models . The package is most extreme on the ZL1 where it adds things like an aero package , DSSV dampers , and sticky Goodyear Eagle F1 Supercar 3R tires .
The only other change worth mentioning for 2018 is the return of the Redline Edition package . This offers a distinctive appearance that includes black front and rear bowtie emblems , a red-accented grille , body graphics , darkened taillamps , black side-mirror housing , 20-inch black aluminum wheels with red accents and more .
Starting prices for the 2018 Chevrolet Camaro range are as follows . Note , all figures include a $ 995 destination charge .
2018 Chevrolet Camaro - $ 26,900
2017 Chevrolet Camaro V6 - $ 28,395
2017 Chevrolet Camaro SS - $ 37,995
2017 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 - $ 63,795
For more on the Chevrolet Camaro , read the in-depth reviews at The Car Connection .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Dr. Theodore Karasik
REFLECTING on 2016 , it is important to understand the transition underway . This year 's legacy is one of swift change undermined by countries ' inability to understand recent developments throughout the Middle East and North Africa .
It is unclear whether Sykes-Picot or ISIS will outlive the other ; Turkey has turned East for a rapprochement with Russia ; and multi-contextual civil wars and vicious acts of terrorism plague numerous Arab states . Most importantly , Russia took charge in 2016 with not only the Kremlin 's fight in Syria but also by showing Moscow 's prowess and ability to counter Washington as a global power . The region is entering a new phase .
First , governance , and how economies evolve , are in flux . Although the Middle East underwent a series of serious shifts in the ability to control contested territory , the Gulf states stepped forward , led by Saudi Arabia 's entry of Vision 2030 , with ambitious plans for economic transformation .
What looked like a potential system-wide malfunction in Saudi Arabia 's ailing economy is being reversed by Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef . During 2016 , they made an impressive tour of the US , France , Japan and China , presenting Saudi Arabia 's Vision 2030 . With the release of the Saudi budget at the end of 2016 and optimistic talk of Aramco 's IPO debuting in 2017 , there is optimism .
Depressed oil prices : In 2016 , depressed oil prices forced all Middle East states to make serious adjustments to their economic policies by introducing robust plans , reforms , and vision . The imbalance in the Middle East between prosperity and poverty still exists , between urban and rural and areas , and still in urban neighborhoods themselves .
Given the high probability for additional political and economic effects from 2016 , several Middle East states from the Maghreb to the Levant – Algeria , Egypt , and Jordan – will face further domestic pressures .
Second , sectarian tension heightened this past year . Sectarian violence led to unfathomable amounts of human suffering across Iraq , Syria , and Yemen , along with sharpened rhetoric from the leadership in Riyadh and Tehran . Iran 's presidential election in June is obviously only going to embolden Tehran 's positions . Only in the final months of 2016 did “ the Egypt card ” come up on this sectarian front . Egypt 's weakness means Tehran may seek an inroad to Cairo in the coming year .
The geopolitical costs and benefits of a new security architecture based on a Trump administration is going to bring a new order to the Middle East that will play out until 2020
Third , in 2016 , urban warfare in the Middle East is in a continuing process of destruction . Internationally-backed local armies and militias are fighting on a multi-tiered chessboard , vying for land , power , and prestige . Operation Inherent Resolve ( OIR ) , as well as Russian , Syrian airstrikes , and later in the year , Turkish jet fighters attacked urban areas in order to flush out extremists of all stripes .
Yemen 's plight remains with Saudi Arabia 's Operation Restore Hope ( ORH ) and the UAE 's fighting al-Qaeda Arabian Peninsula . OIR Combined Joint Task Force Commander Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend stated that the fight against ISIS will be two more years . Reconstruction projects are still distant and that breeds discontent and disease .
Fourth , terrorism will continue to spread its ugly impact with both al-Qaeda and ISIS and their minions battling over their own visions of achieving an apocalypse that is turning out to be more of a mutation of extremism to meet current religious and ideological requirements .
Importantly , extremists are becoming more proficient at off the shelf military technology to boost their UAV capabilities for both tactical and media advantages .
This trend is likely to lead to more aggressive behavior by extremists and their sympathizers . Low-tech high impact attacks may accompany more shootings , bombings , and the use of heavy vehicles to mow over innocent crowds .
This past year witnessed the playing field between the Middle East and Europe levelling out , meaning the ills and violence that bedevil the Middle East for years now are embedded in European society as already evidence by migrant issues and extremist violence .
Trump reset : By far , 2016 will be remembered for Donald Trump . Trump , who I wrote about winning in February 2016 , is about to embark on a major reset of relations with the Middle East through transactional foreign policy .
The urban battles across the Middle East will continue with a resetting of the Middle East geo-political order by a Trump administration willing to insert more resources into fighting extremism both with kinetics and with a much-needed reboot of Countering Violent Extremism ( CVE ) programs .
A Trump presidency that engages Russia , Syria , Turkey , and Iran is going to cause an eruption of support as well as despair from various quarters . To boot , Trump 's policy toward Iran in particular is going to enrage some and bring joy to others . These two variants signal a tectonic shift is about to occur in the regional security environment .
The geopolitical costs and benefits of a new security architecture based on a Trump administration is going to bring a new order to the Middle East that will play out until 2020 . Clearly , leaving 2016 behind changes the regional security picture ; the New Year brings a more challenging , unprecedented moment .
—Courtesy : AA
[ Dr. Theodore Karasik is a Gulf-based analyst of regional geo-political affairs . They received their Ph.D in History from UCLA in Los Angeles , California in four fields : Middle East , Russia , Caucasus , and a specialized sub-field in Cultural Anthropology focusing on tribes and clans . They tweet @ tkarasik ]
Caroline Wozniacki 's honeymoon on grass was short-lived as they became the 11th women 's seed to fall on the first three days at Wimbledon in a 6-4 1-6 7-5 second-round defeat by Ekaterina Makarova on Wednesday.The Danish second seed , who won the Eastbourne tournament last week , fought to the bitter end against the tenacious Russian , succumbing on the sixth match point after an absorbing match lasting two hours and nine minutes on Court One.Makarova , three days short of their 30th birthday , broke early to take command of the first set.Wozniacki complained about a swarm of insects on court and asked for repellent spray which seemed to sting them into action as they won five games in a row before claiming the second set.Makarova came back strongly , however , and looked poised for an easy victory when they led 5-1 in the third.Wozniacki produced their best tennis , though , to save three match points when 5-3 and 40-0 behind and saved another before breaking to level the set.With both women playing fine tennis and moving each other all round the court , Makarova earned three more match points and converted the second . `` I am so happy I played my game . It does n't matter what the score was , I could n't win with a lot of match points , but I kept fighting and playing an aggressive game and finally it worked , '' Makarova said after their second victory in nine meetings with Wozniacki . `` I was really nervous ... I was a little bit 'hurry up ' because I thought I needed to be more aggressive , but I am so happy I got calm at 5-5 and did my work again . `` When it was 5-5 I started thinking about those match points on my serve at 40-0 , but I told myself 'no , you are not going to lose this match ' . I forgot it and started over . ''
Ever since Solo was announced , and it was confirmed that the movie will feature a young Lando Calrissian , fans have been wondering if one particular scene will be featured in the movie , and now we have confirmation that it is in the movie . Disney took to the stage at CinemaCon earlier today , where they showcased a scene from Solo : A Star Wars Story that features the first meeting between Han Solo ( Alden Ehrenreich ) and Lando Calrissian ( Donald Glover ) . If you do n't want to know what happens in this scene , and want to avoid any SPOILERS , stop reading now .
As you may have guessed , the scene shown at CinemaCon shows the all-important game of Sabcc , where Han ends up winning the Millennium Falcon from Lando . The clip begins with Qi'ra ( Emilia Clarke ) , leading Han Solo and Chewbacca ( Joonas Suotamo ) into a cantina on a snowy planet . Qi'ra then starts boasting about how the man he 's about to meet , Lando Calrissian , won their own ship , the Millennium Falcon , by playing a game of Sabacc , although Han proves to be quite the card player himself . The clip shows Han winning hand after hand , when Calrissian ultimately bets the Millennium Falcon .
Han responds by telling Qi'ra , `` I can take him , let me at him , '' despite not even having a ship to bet with . Lando tells Han that , `` Everything you 've heard about me is true , while adding that , `` You might want to quit while you 're ahead . '' The clip does n't reveal the winner of the hand , but we already know that Han wins the Falcon . Hopefully we 'll get to see the actual winning hand in the movie , truly revealing how Han out-played Lando for this iconic ship . While it remains to be seen if this footage shown at CinemaCon will be released to the public between now and the May 25 release date , at least the fans now know that this scene is featured in the movie
Despite reshoots that lasted until mid-October , due to the firing of original directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller , who were ironically at CinemaCon yesterday to showcase Sony 's Spider-Man : Into the Spider-Verse , Disney and LucasFilm still held onto the original release date of May 25 , 2018 , which marks the 41st anniversary of the first Star Wars movie , A New Hope . New director Ron Howard revealed over the weekend that post-production has wrapped , with a month to spare before the release date . Given the magnitude of the reshoots , where Howard reportedly scrapped almost all of the four months of footage shot by Lord and Miller , Howard 's feat is certainly impressive .
Solo : A Star Wars Story will have the Memorial Day holiday weekend to itself as the only movie debuting in wide release over the long weekend . Alden Ehrenreich also recently revealed that they have a three-picture deal to play Han Solo , so it 's possible we could be getting a Han Solo trilogy , although that would likely depend on how Solo : A Star Wars Story performs at the box office . Head on over to Deadline for their report on the footage that was shown at CinemaCon .
The Governor of Sokoto State , Aminu Tambuwal , has dissolved the Sokoto State Executive Council with immediate effect .
The dissolution is aimed at restructuring and restrategising the cabinet for optimum efficiency and service delivery to the good people of Sokoto State .
This is contained in a statement signed by Director-General Media and Public Affairs to the Governor , Abubakar Shekara .
While thanking members of the council for the dedication , sacrifice and loyalty to the administration , the governor expressed appreciation to the people for cooperating with and supporting the outgoing members of the council towards achieving the success recorded .
According to the statement , the commissioners would hand over the affairs of their respective ministries to the permanent secretaries .
Governor Tambuwal wishes the outgoing Executive Council members success in their future endeavors .
CTV London
A South Bruce Peninsula Councilor charged with assaulting a fellow councilor this summer , will be allowed back in council chambers .
Craig Gammie will hire a police officer to escort them to council on December 19th .
If they did not return before year 's end , they risked losing their seat on council for being absent from meetings longer than 3 months .
He 's not been allowed in South Bruce Peninsula council chambers since allegedly assaulting Deputy Mayor Jay Kirkland back in September .
A judge has allowed Gammie 's “ brief ” return , in order for to temporarily retain their council seat .
Gammie is only allowed to be in chambers for a matter of minutes . Long enough to have attendance noted , and then they must leave .
Their assault trial begins in August .
Hoda Kotb has n't been away from the TODAY show for long — for fear of losing their spot to Megyn Kelly ?
As Radar readers know , the anchor recently adopted daughter Haley Joy , eight weeks old , taking some time off to get settled as a new mom .
Upon their return to the show on Monday , co-host Matt Lauer grabbed a box of tissues and placed them in front of Kotb , who was already becoming emotional over the recent addition to their family .
PHOTOS : Truth Exposed ! 15 Most Shocking Revelations From Parts 1 & 2 of Duggar Interviews With Megyn Kelly — Josh Duggar A “ Sly ” Predator
“ I 've been a mess , ” the 52-year-old revealed . “ I 'm a little bit afraid I might explode into tears . ”
“ I saw everyone and I 'm blubbering like a baby , ” Kotb added of the joy that came with seeing their NBC coworkers again , grabbing a tissue . “ I 'm feeling great . I mean , I do n't think I 've ever been this happy . ”
WATCH : “ I 'm scared to be sitting here . I 'm afraid that I might explode into tears ! ” – @ hodakotb # WelcomeBackHoda pic.twitter.com/l1VWCHEE0Q — TODAY ( @ TODAYshow ) April 17 , 2017
But will their return cause some friction for newcomer Megyn Kelly ?
As Radar readers know , Kelly 's NBC incoming has stirred up plenty of drama for the network . Longtime anchor Savannah Guthrie has reportedly been “ terrified ” about their position at TODAY since the Fox News vet was hired , according to sources .
PHOTOS : Next Stop , The Altar ? Hoda Kotb ‘ In Love ' With Newly-Revealed Beau Joel Schiffman
Meanwhile , fellow anchor Tamron Hall ceremoniously left the network show after being iced out for “ more valuable ” Kelly .
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at ( 866 ) ON-RADAR ( 667-2327 ) any time , day or night .
- Advertisement -
Governor Abubakar Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State has said that the National Youth Service Corps ( NYSC ) 's Skill Acquisition and Entrepreneurship Development ( SAED ) , a vocational programme of the scheme , is a viable instrument of resolving economy depression in Nigeria .
Governor Bagudu said this , on Monday , during the official closing ceremony of the 2017 batch B ' stream 1 of NYSC deplored to Kebbi State at their permanent orientation camp , in Dakingeri .
Thew governor also said that those corps members that had trained on different vocations would automatically become jobs creation as well as capable of improving Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
They explained that the inclusion of SAED training , which encourages and introduces corps members to basic practical training in diverse skills such as tailoring , baking , bead making , bag production , agriculture and cosmetology would prepare them ahead for the labour market .
Their words , “ You would agree with me that the prevailing economic recession , which is currently ravaging over nation and most parts of the world has huge adverse implications on the quality of lives of our people here in Kebbi State , Nigeria and the world at large .
“ I am sure that you would also agree with me that the current economic situation is a challenge which we must confront headlong and overcome .
“ To my mind , the NYSC 's Skill Acquisition programme is one of the viable instruments of achieving this . The programme will certainly equip and prepare those of you who have taken advantage of the training for post service employment and jobs creation “ .
- Advertisement -
Governor Bagudu , who assured the corps members of adequate security in the state , however , charged them to extend their skills to their host communities saying , “ if you do this effectively , the result would be an increase in small and cottage industries , economic empowerment , reductions in poverty and overall improvement in the quality of lives for many of our people . ”
They also ordered all the Local Government Areas in the state to provide transportation logistic for all corps members posted to their Councils .
Earlier , the State Coordinator of NYSC , Alhaji Lawal Turawa , in their remark , said that the vocational skills SAED , War Against Poverty ( WAP ) , Sustainable Development Goals , Health Initiative for Rural Dwellers ( HIRD ) are laudable programmes that would enable Corps members to access soft loan to establish their businesses .
While charging Corps members to be dedicated to their host communities at places of primary assignment , Turawa said they should respect elders and their employers .
“ To our beloved corps members , as you will be assigned to your various places of primary assignment today , I enjoin you to continue to be of good behaviour , honest and committed to your duties . Assist wherever possible ; channel your abilities into community development services and other areas of felt -needs of your host communities .
“ By doing so , you will not only be developing the nation , but also preparing yourselves for higher responsibilities while leaving behind enduring and memorable legacies , ” Turawa concluded .
ATLANTA , Ga ( AP ) — Officials have identified a 5-year-old boy who died after getting caught in the rotating wall of an Atlanta restaurant .
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that the Fulton County Medical Examiner identified the boy on Sunday as Charlie Holt . The boy got their head stuck between two tables and suffered a head injury Friday at the Sun Dial , which sits atop the Westin Peachtree Plaza hotel .
Atlanta Police Officer S.R . Brown says Holt was visiting along with their parents from Charlotte , North Carolina . The family was at a window seat when Holt wandered away from the table .
Brown says the rotating floor shut off automatically when Holt was struck .
Holt was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital , where they were pronounced dead .
A restaurant representative with the hotel says the Sun Dial will be closed until further notice .
Lenskart , which has raised $ 36 million , is backed by a battery of venture capital and private equity investors , some of which have a large exposure to retail businesses .
New Delhi : Eyewear retailer Lenskart expects a sharp increase in sales as it expands its supply chain and retail store network , while making its online store more engaging to users .
By next month , it will move manufacturing and assembly to a new facility in Manesar , on the outskirts of Haryana . Complete with the newest lens-cutting machines and automated assembly and sortation systems , the unit will deliver 20,000 frames a day , more than three times Lenskart 's installed capacity presently .
“ We are aiming at 400,000 frames a month and double sales by the financial year end , ” said Peyush Bansal , co-founder and chief executive officer at Lenskart . “ We have invested a lot of money in growing the supply chain and we continue to invest. ” The Manesar unit has received an investment of Rs50 crore .
Lenskart , which manufacturers lenses locally and imports frames from Chinese vendors , is also planning to produce some frames in-house to reduce costs.Mint reported in January that Lenskart generated Rs100 crore revenue , while losing Rs113 crore in the fiscal year ended March 2016 , citing company filings . Bansal said that a more prudent way to evaluate the business is to look at the value of spectacles sold to consumers and not the value of Lenskart 's sales to its franchise stores , which is how retail businesses typically report revenue .
“ Our customer revenue has grown 100 % from last year to this year… We sold products worth Rs160 crore in FY16 , going to Rs295 crore in FY17 , ” Bansal said , “ and we expect to double again . ”
A large part of the demand is coming from physical stories—about 327 , mostly in Delhi , Mumbai and Bengaluru—which already contribute half of firm 's total sales , Bansal said .
Started as an online store in 2010 , Lenskart ventured offline only in 2014 with three company-owned stores in Delhi . The company is now using data from the app to identify “ catchments ” —small regions within a district—where people are using its app as possible areas to put up new stores .
Lenskart app , according to Bansal , continues to be the first point of engagement with the consumer and the company is investing heavily to improve the online experience . In 2015 , Lenskart partnered with a California-based start-up to launch 3D Try-On , a feature that lets people try frames virtually .
The feature is quite popular with its audience , claimed Bansal , and today brings in about 15,000 unique visitors every day . Lenskart is now planning to add social capabilities to the application that allow people to share their pictures , superimposed with virtual frames , with friends .
There is also a new technology in works that will allow users to determine their eye power , or that of an old pair of spectacles , by using the cell phone camera . The underlying technology is still being tested and is at least a year away before being rolled out to consumers .
“ The whole experience to virtually try-on frames has been the most powerful one for us . People download our app , try themselves and that 's how they fall in love with the product , and then they can buy anywhere ; that has been the biggest differentiator for us , ” Bansal said .
Lenskart , which has raised $ 36 million , is backed by a battery of venture capital and private equity investors , some of which have a large exposure to retail businesses . Premji Invest , which joined in at Lenskart 's Rs400-crore series-D round last year , owns stakes in Myntra , Snapdeal and PolicyBazaar , while PE investor TPG Capital ( Series-C ; January 2015 ) owns Vishal Retail , the owner of Vishal Megamart chain of stores .
New Delhi : Public sector Central Bank of India has been placed under the RBI 's watchlist on Prompt Corrective Action ( PCA ) owing to high bad loans and negative return on assets .
IDBI Bank , Indian Overseas Bank , UCO Bank and Dena Bank have already come under the PCA initiated by the Reserve Bank , which is a noose-tightening on fresh loan disbursal as well as dividend distribution .
`` Reserve Bank of India , vide its letter dated June 13 , 2017 , has put the bank under Prompt Corrective Action in view of high NPA ( non-performing assets ) and negative return on assets ( RoA ) , '' Central Bank of India said in a regulatory filing on Wednesday .
The bank further said : `` We believe that corrective measures arising out of the PCA will help in improving overall performance of the bank . ''
For the fiscal ended March 2017 , the bank has reported a net loss of Rs 2,439 crore , against a loss of Rs 1,418 crore in 2015-16 .
Net non-performing assets ( NPAs ) also jumped to 10.20 percent of net advances for the fiscal from 7.36 percent year ago.The return on assets were at ( - ) 0.80 percent .
PCA is a framework devised by RBI that monitors key areas like capital , asset quality and profitability of banks .
As part of the PCA framework , among others , there are a few threshold levels with regard to a bank 's common equity tier-I ( CET 1 ) capital , and upon breach of a certain level , a bank may become a likely candidate for resolution via different methods like amalgamation , reconstruction and winding up .
If there is a default on part of a bank to meet depositors ' obligation , a possible resolution process can even by resorted without any reference to the PCA module .
Earlier in April , RBI revised PCA framework with a clause that if the bank does not show improvement , then it could be either merged or taken over by other bank .
SINGAPORE : Passengers in Bukit Batok can look forward to a new bus service which will begin next Sunday ( Aug 27 ) , announced bus operator SMRT and the Land Transport Authority in a joint news release on Monday .
Bus service 944 will serve new housing developments in Bukit Batok West , taking passengers to the Bukit Batok bus interchange and MRT station . The route includes Bukit Batok West Avenue 6 and Bukit Batok Road .
The service , which will operate daily from 5.30am to 1am , also provides access to places such as Bukit Batok Polyclinic and West Mall .
This is the 76th new bus service introduced under the Bus Service Enhancement Programme , which aims to launch 80 bus services islandwide between 2012 and 2017 .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Borussia Dortmund sacked coach Peter Bosz on Sunday and immediately replaced them with Peter Stoeger , who themselves was fired by Cologne one week earlier after failing to win a league match this season .
Soccer Football - Bundesliga - Borussia Dortmund vs Werder Bremen - Signal Iduna Park , Dortmund , Germany - December 9 , 2017 Borussia Dortmund coach Peter Bosz before the match REUTERS/Thilo Schmuelgen
Dutchman Bosz , who had been in charge for six months , was dismissed a day after Dortmund were jeered off the field following a 2-1 defeat by Werder Bremen , extending their winless run to nine matches in all competitions .
“ We decided yesterday evening in a chat with Peter Bosz that we must let them go immediately , ” Dortmund 's CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke told a news conference . “ He was emotional , but took it calmly . ”
Stoeger was immediately presented to the media . “ I ‘ m enormously happy to be allowed to coach this team , in this stadium , ” they said . “ You only get this sort of chance once in a lifetime . ”
Bosz had been appointed in June , shortly after leading Ajax Amsterdam to the Europa League final where they lost 2-0 to Manchester United .
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund news confrence - Signal Iduna Park , Dortmund , Germany , December 10 , 2017 - Borussia Dortmund 's new coach Peter Stoeger attends a news conference . REUTERS/Leon Kuegeler
Under their leadership , Borussia won six out of 15 Bundesliga matches , leaving them seventh in the table .
They also had a miserable campaign in the Champions League , picking up only two points from six games , while in the German Cup they won two games , both against lower division opposition .
Stoeger was in their fifth season at Cologne when they were sacked . They won promotion at the first attempt , in 2013-14 , and led the Billy Goats to a fifth place finish last season and back into European football after a 25-year absence .
“ Peter Stoeger has done an outstanding job in developing Cologne over the last four years , ” said Dortmund 's sporting director Michael Zorc .
However , that run came to an abrupt halt this term and Stoeger was fired after they took three points from their first 14 league games , leaving them anchored to the bottom of the table .
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. ( WOOD ) — It might sound futuristic , but right now , a robotic suit is helping Mary Free Bed Rehabilitation Hospital patients who are paralyzed .
Brittany Yeomans was only 21 years old in May 2013 when their life changed forever in a motorcycle crash .
“ I was a passenger on a Harley and a car pulled out in front of me and the guy that was riding . Their name was Chris , ” Yeomans said .
Chris did n't survive the crash . The spinal cord injury Yeomans sustained left them paralyzed .
“ When the doctor told me I was paralyzed and that I was n't going to walk again , I was just kind of like , ‘ OK , I 'll show you , ' ” Yeomans said .
Now , the Indego exoskeleton is allowing Yeomans to be back on their feet .
“ It 's basically a robotic suit that helps people move their limbs whether they have muscle function in the legs or not , ” physical therapist Jessica Larson , who 's part of the spinal cord injury program at Mary Free Bed Rehabilitation Hospital in Grand Rapids , explained Indego .
“ To be able to be up and to have the motion of walking is amazing , ” Yeomans said .
While Yeomans keeps their focus on walking on their own again someday , their doctors and physical therapists are focusing on other benefits .
“ We utilize it for upright positioning , which has tremendous benefits for bone density , circulation , GI functioning ; it reduces spasticity of the muscles , reduces muscle contractures , ” Larson said .
It also helps with circulation and cardiovascular health .
Yeomans ca n't take the exoskeleton home . The $ 180,000 device belongs to Mary Free Bed , the first hospital in the state to have an Indego .
Weighing in at 26 pounds , the Indego exoskeleton is battery-powered and can track a patient 's progress .
“ It 's a way the person can challenge their body in a way that is not possible with other equipment , ” Larson said .
Four physical therapists with Mary Free Bed 's Spinal Cord Injury Program completed 32 hours each of training to make sure they 're helping patients use the device correctly .
“ I 've been doing this for about two months in this suit and … as time has passed , I feel like I could walk out of it . It feels so natural , ” Yeomans said .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
As the first light of dawn trickles in through the hospital window , 19-year-old Mohammed Ali learns that their two-year-old cousin has died of hunger . But they have to remain strong for their little brother Mohannad , who could be next .
They hold their brother 's hand as the five-year-old struggles to breathe , their skin stretched tight over tiny ribs . “ I have already lost a cousin to malnutrition today , I ca n't lose my little brother , ” they say .
They are among countless Yemenis who are struggling to feed themselves amid a grinding civil war that has pushed the Arab world 's poorest nation to the brink of famine . The family lives in a mud hut in northern Yemen , territory controlled by Shiite Houthi rebels , who are at war with government forces and a Saudi-led and U.S.-backed coalition .
The coalition has been waging a fierce air campaign against the rebels since March 2015 , trying unsuccessfully to dislodge them from the capital , Sanaa , and much of the country 's north . A coalition blockade aimed at preventing the Houthis from re-arming has contributed to a 60-percent spike in food prices , according to an estimate used by international aid groups .
During the best of times , many Yemenis struggled to make ends meet . Now they can barely feed themselves .
Mohammed 's father works seasonal farming jobs that pay only a few dollars a day . Mohammed dropped out of school after the war began and scrapes by on occasional construction and farming work . Before the war , they could afford to eat beef or chicken once a week , but now they are lucky to have some fish with lunch . Their diet mainly consists of bread , rice and tea .
READ MORE : Yemen 's civil war has done $ 14B of damage to infrastructure and economy : report
Earlier this month , Mohammed and their brother made the hour-long journey , over a bumpy and unsafe road , to the nearest hospital , in the town of Abs . Mohannad 's condition , which began with diarrhea , had been worsening for the past two years , but they could n't afford treatment .
Some 2.2 million children suffer from malnutrition across Yemen , according to the U.N. children 's agency , UNICEF . That includes 462,000 who , like Mohannad , are afflicted with Severe Acute Malnutrition ( SAM ) , which makes them especially vulnerable to otherwise preventable illnesses like diarrhea and pneumonia .
UNICEF is supporting the treatment of 215,000 children suffering from SAM and has provided vitamin supplements to millions more , said Rajat Madhok , the agency 's spokesperson in Yemen . But “ this lifesaving work remains hindered by the shortage of funding and limited access to areas caught in the fighting , ” they said .
READ MORE : Warring factions in Yemen agree to 72-hour cease-fire
The war has taken a heavy toll on the country 's health facilities . A number of hospitals and clinics have been bombed , while others have had to close their doors because of the fighting . Less than a third of Yemen 's 24 million people have access to health facilities , according to UNICEF , which says at least 1,000 Yemeni children die every week from preventable diseases .
Mohammed hopes their brother wo n't be next .
“ I can see that my brother 's condition is worsening day after day , ” they say . “ There 's nothing I can do . ”
A man killed their wife in the building of a family court on Monday and injured their mother and niece with a sword , police said.Ramesh Kumbhar of Sindurpankh in Sambalpur attacked their 18-year-old wife Sanjita Chowdhury with a sword and killed them They also injured their mother-in-law Lalita Chowdhury and a two-and-half-year-old niece , police said.His father-in-law escaped the attack , the police said.Sanjita had appeared at the court with their parents for conciliation with their husband as they had returned to their parental home a few months after their marriage , they said.She had eloped with Ramesh last year and lived with them for several months , They had , however , returned to their parents as they were being tortured by their husband and had been married off to another person.Ramesh had filed a petition in the family court to get back their wife.In a pre-planned attack , they hit Sanjita and their family members in the court premises with a sword injuring them severely when they reached there , the police said.According to eyewitnesses Sanjita had run inside the family court building to escape the attack but Ramesh chased them and stabbed them They also tried to attack Sanjita 's father Sudan Chowdhury , who ran into a room of the Sambalpur Sadar tehsil office.People who were present there overpowered Ramesh and thrashed them before handing them to the police.Sanjita , their mother , and their niece were rushed to the Sambalpur district hospital . As their condition deteriorated , Sanjita was shifted to a hospital at Burla where they died , the police said.Sambalpur sub-divisional police officer , Mihir Panda said Ramesh has been arrested and their weapons were seized .
A total of 55 suspects involved in telecom and online fraud cases have been returned to China from Indonesia , China Ministry of Public Security said on Saturday .
The suspects were linked to more than 60 criminal cases , covering more than 20 Chinese provinces and involving 30 million yuan ( about 4.7 million dollars ) , the ministry said in a statement .
It said Chinese police sent a team to Indonesia in June 2017 to work with local police , adding that from August 2017 to date , 143 such suspects were brought back to China from Indonesia .
In another development , the Supreme People 's Procuratorate ( SPP ) , said that a total of 2,089 prosecutors were investigated from 2013 to 2017 for violating laws .
According to the figure that was released at an SPP national meeting on clean governance and anti-corruption , it said the prosecutors violated the eight-point frugality code issued after the 18th CPC National Congress in 2012 .
“ The frugality code requires officials to strictly practice frugality and clean up undesirable work styles .
“ The SPP asked prosecution organs at various levels to keep high pressure on corruption and focus on the abuse of power , embezzlement and bribery .
“ Efforts will also be made to facilitate the collection of tips and giving feedback , '' the statement said .
- Advertisement -
Two weeks after they formally defected to the Progressives Congress ( APC ) , former Minister of State for Defence , Senator Musiliu Obanikoro , has indicated their interest to seek the 2019 senatorial nomination in Lagos West senatorial district .
By implication , it was gathered , Obanikoro would challenge Osun State Governor , Mr. Rauf Aregbesola , and former Commissioner for Tourism & Intergovernmental Relations in Lagos State , Senator Tokunbo Afikuyomi , in bid to clinch the nomination for the senatorial district .
While Aregbesola had in May said they could contest election in any state of the South-west geo-political zone , Afikuyomi has engaged political leaders subtly in the senatorial district with a plan to return to the Senate .
At their defection penultimate Saturday , Obanikoro had specifically said they were on a mission to the APC because the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) could no longer offer them a platform to accomplish their mission .
But at the weekend , different APC chieftains revealed thier plans to seek nomination in Lagos West , a senatorial district where Senator Solomon Olamilekan Adeola , a two-term member of Lagos State House of Assembly and a one-term member of House of Representatives is currently representing .
A chieftain disclosed that Obanikoro had made up their mind not to dabble into the governorship race due to what they ascribed to their resolve to team up with Tinubu and Ambode to strengthen the APC , not only in Lagos State and South-west , but also in the federation .
They revealed that Obanikoro would come out from Oriade Local Council Development Area ( LCDA ) , though they had represented Lagos Central in the Senate ( 2003-2007 ) and had been the Chairman of Lagos Island Local Government ( 1998 – 2002 ) .
The APC chieftain justified Obanikoro 's decision to seek the nomination from Oriade LCDA , noting that the former minister “ has strong filial relationship with the area . So , they are qualified to contest senatorial election in Lagos West senatorial district . ”
Aside , the party chieftain revealed that Obanikoro “ has started consulting political leaders across the senatorial district and engaging party leaders of Oriade LCDA ahead of the primaries .
- Advertisement -
However , another chieftain said Obanikoro 's decision to contest the senatorial election has thrown the APC chieftains in Lagos West senatorial district into confusion , especially those from six LCDAs/LGAs in Alimosho , citing their refusal to accept the party 's proposal to accommodate all interests in the constitution of the LCDA/LGA Executive Councils .
They said Obanikoro “ is a son of the soil . We know their antecedents in Lagos State . He , also , has roots in Oriade LCDA . Aside , they have added much value to the people of Lagos State . So , they are qualified to seek senatorial nomination in Lagos West . ”
Obanikoro 's defection at their Lagos Island constituency ended months of speculations about the status of their political allegiance .
Obanikoro defected to the APC along with other bigwigs of PDP in Lagos State including a former aide of former president Goodluck Jonathan , Mrs. Modupe Shasore , penultimate Saturday .
After receiving the party flag from the chairperson of Lagos APC , Chief Oladele Ajomale , Obanikoro noted that they were happy to return to the fold of their age-long political associates after their long sojourn in the PDP .
They said they defected because they could not find fulfillment in the PDP and that they joined the APC because they had a mission to render service on its platform .
The ex-minister said their former party “ can not offer them the platform for the kind of service they want to render . Today , I and others are not just joining the APC for joining sake , rather , we are joining because we are on a mission .
“ I had joined the PDP a few years ago with the hope that certain things would be done right to enable me make the desired impact . That did not happen . And now , Tinubu has taken leadership to another level , not only in the state , but at the national level .
“ So , my joining the APC is not by accident . It is to return to my people and seek a platform on which I can render service to my people , because leadership is about service and co-ordination of talents to achieve results . We have looked everywhere , and the only party that offers that platform for service delivery is the APC . ”
Faizan Muhammad poses with a robot outside of Tisch Library on April 23 , 2018 . Madeleine Oliver / The Tufts Daily
On April 7 and 8 , the Tufts Robotics Club attended the Trinity College Fire Fighting Robot Contest , hosted by Trinity College in Hartford , Conn. , where they won the Olympiad tournament in both the team and individual categories .
According to club president Ryan Stocking , a senior , this year 's success in the Olympiad marks the team 's fourth win since 2014 . Stocking said they believe the win demonstrates the competence and effectiveness of Tufts Robotics as a whole .
“ I think it 's something that shows our success , because we have students who were on the Olympiad team who had never done robotics before , ” Stocking said . “ To have them be part of team that can win at an international competition is pretty impressive . It 's an indication of our effectiveness at teaching people robotics . ”
This particular contest has both a mechanical robot competition and a trivia-based olympiad . Tufts Robotics competed in both .
Sophomore Amel Hassan explained that preparation for the physical robot portion of the competition began as early as September .
“ We started designing the robot at the beginning of the year , ” Hassan said . “ The first thing we did was look at what the competition expected from us and then we created our own maze for testing . ”
According to the contest website , every participating team had to submit a robot that could navigate a maze and extinguish a lighted candle , meant to model a house fire , placed at the center . Prizes were awarded based on which robot managed this task the fastest and in the most cost-effective way possible .
In order to navigate the maze , Tufts Robotics engineered a robot that followed the right wall of whatever corridor it was in . A fire extinguisher was attached to the robot to put out the flame .
“ The basic algorithm behind the robot tried to make it hug the right wall so that it would continuously go around the maze to find the candle , ” Hassan said .
Hassan and their teammates said they engineered the robot to turn on and off remotely .
“ We needed something called a ‘ kill switch ' that turns the robot off completely with one plug . Then we had a sensor that could start the robot in response to a really high-pitched noise , ” Hassan said .
The Olympiad portion of the contest required contestants to respond to an array of engineering questions pertinent to robotics . The questions drew from a variety of engineering disciplines , including mechanical engineering , electrical engineering and computer science .
This year 's individual Olympiad winner Faizan Muhammad , a sophomore , said that members of the Tufts team are well-equipped to succeed in the Olympiad due to the way engineering is taught here .
“ Tufts has historically been really good with theoretical stuff , ” Muhammad said . “ It 's simply due to the way we are taught here . ”
Muhammad hopes that Tufts ' success at this tournament will attract new recruits to the club .
“ We are really trying to reach out to the community because robotics is one of the most interdisciplinary engineering clubs on campus , ” Muhammad said . “ If you are a computer science person , there is something you can do . If you are are electrical engineer , there is something you can do . Even for environmental engineers , there is something you can do . There is lots of cool potential here . ”
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Tuesday commissioned the new headquarters church of the Deeper Life Bible Church in Lagos amidst colourful celebration .
The general superintendent of the church , Pastor William Folorunsho Kumuyi and their wife , Sister Esther received the vice president who was a special guest at the commissioning ceremony of the magnificent Gbagada Church .
The Deeper Life Bible Church is said to be the single largest church in Africa , with branches across the country , Africa and other continents of the world .
A breezy Saturday is on the way to kick off the first weekend of February !
Partly to mostly cloudy skies are on tap today , but temperatures should still climb nicely thanks to a steady south breeze . It 'll be a pretty seasonable day with afternoon highs generally in the lower to mid 50s across eastern Oklahoma .
That south breeze will be strong enough to once again cause high fire danger concerns , with 20 to 25 mile per hour gusts expected . Given our ongoing bone-dry conditions here in Green Country , please be very careful with any outdoor burning !
Some bigger changes roll in on Super Bowl Sunday as another cold front arrives ! Temperatures will briefly climb into the 40s by midday Sunday , but expect falling temperatures Sunday afternoon with increasing north winds behind that cold front . Temperatures will likely be closer to freezing with wind chills in the teens and 20s by early Sunday evening if you 're headed to watch the big game , so have a big coat handy !
Chillier air will stick around for the first half of the upcoming week . After rebounding into the upper 40s on Monday , another front arrives on Tuesday along with a stronger system that looks to bring us a reasonable chance of showers as well ! As temperatures sharply drop late Tuesday , a changeover to freezing rain or sleet could occur particularly north of Tulsa . At this time , ice accumulations appear light , but we 'll continue to keep you advised as this system gets closer !
After that Tuesday system , we should be recovering back into the 50s late in the week before yet another cold front sends us chillier air yet again by next weekend . Get ready for a roller coaster ride !
Share :
KARACHI - A meeting was held on Wednesday headed by NAB Director General Mohammad Altaf to review progress on investigation against Bahria Town , Malir Development Authority ( MDA ) officials and other government functionaries .
Review was conducted in compliance to the directions of NAB Chairman Justice Javed Iqbal to expedite cases taken up by the Supreme Court .
According to a press statement released by NAB Karachi spokesperson , the investigation team apprised the board that the investigation was already completed and case was made out on the basis of irrefutable evidence which establishes that management of Bahria Town in connivance with relevant public office holders , officers and officials of revenue department , district Malir , MDA and Sindh building control authority took illegal possession of thousands of acres of valuable government land situated on main Super Highway ( M9 ) in violation of Colonization of Government Land Act 1912 , MDA Act 1993 and Sindh Building Control Ordinance 1979 .
It further said that the board was also apprised that a concise statement was also submitted in the Supreme Court of Pakistan highlighting facts regarding blatant violation of laws and rules , adding that the review board appreciated the efforts of investigating team that concluded the case by engaging Survey of Pakistan , Ministry of Defence for demarcation of the land under illegal possession of Bahria Town which established that Bahria Town was in possession of 12,156 acres , after which Bahria Town was restrained by the Supreme Court from undertaking further development .
The director general issued the instructions to the investigating team to engage with the legal team for expediting queries if any , so that the deadline given by the Supreme Court is met well in time , it added .
President Trump gestures during their rally at Municipal Auditorium in Nashville , Tenn. , on May 29 , 2018 .
Larry McCormack , The Tennessean
At a campaign rally in Nashville , President Trump repeated a bushelful of false and misleading claims , and added a few new ones :
Trump said the individual mandate provision of the Affordable Care Act was `` so unconstitutional . '' The Supreme Court upheld the mandate . In June 2012 , Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that the penalty can be considered a tax that is within the power of Congress to impose .
The president also said the Senate 's failure to pass a bill that would have repealed and replaced the Affordable Care Act 'cost our country $ 1 trillion in entitlement saving . '' Congressional budget experts say it would have saved a net total of $ 321 billion over 10 years .
The president also repeated numerous false , misleading and exaggerated claims on wages , trade , immigration and world opinion of the U.S .
Affordable Care Act
The president held a `` Make America Great Again '' rally in Nashville on May 29 . They touched on numerous topics , touting in particular passage of the “ Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. ” In addition to overhauling the nation 's tax code , the new tax law will repeal the tax imposed on certain people who do not purchase a qualified health insurance plan .
The tax , known as the `` individual mandate , '' took effect in 2014 and , under the new law , will be repealed in 2019 .
Trump criticized the mandate as unpopular and unfair . But they then added “ unconstitutional , ” which is n't true .
Trump , May 29 : Plus in the tax cuts what did we get ? The individual mandate is out the window . That was the most unpopular part of Obamacare . So unconstitutional .
In fact , the Supreme Court ruled the individual mandate was constitutional . In a 5-4 opinion on June 28 , 2012 , Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that the “ penalty ” — as it was described in the Affordable Care Act — is actually a “ tax ” collected by the IRS , and it is within congressional powers to impose new taxes .
Trump can have the opinion that it should have been ruled unconstitutional , but it was not .
The Republicans included the repeal of the individual mandate in the tax bill , because they were unable to pass the Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017 , a Republican bill that would have repealed and replaced the Affordable Care Act .
Trump lamented the failure to pass the health care bill , which failed 49-51 after Sen. John McCain voted against it in the early morning hours of July 28 , 2017 , by signaling a thumbs-down . If McCain had voted for the bill , Vice President Mike Pence could have broken the 50-50 tie , and the bill would have passed .
Trump , May 29 : It was done , and then , early in the morning , somebody turned the hand in the wrong direction . That cost our country a lot . That was a very , very terrible thing that happened that night . That was a very terrible thing . That cost our country $ 1 trillion in entitlement saving that nobody would have known .
Trump is not telling the whole story when they say the bill could have saved the country “ $ 1 trillion in entitlement saving. ” In addition to reducing health care spending , mostly on Medicaid , the Senate health care bill would have repealed or modified tax provisions in the ACA that provide increased revenues to the federal treasury .
On balance , the Senate bill would have reduced deficits by a net $ 321 billion over 10 years , 2017 to 2026 , when accounting for the lost tax revenues , according to a joint analysis of the bill by the Joint Committee on Taxation and the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . ( The analysis was based on the version posted to the Senate budget committee website as of June 26 , 2017 . )
CBO and JCT , June 26 , 2017 : CBO and JCT estimate that , over the 2017-2026 period , enacting this legislation would reduce direct spending by $ 1,022 billion and reduce revenues by $ 701 billion , for a net reduction of $ 321 billion in the deficit over that period .
The biggest savings would have come from Medicaid spending . CBO and JCT estimated that Medicaid spending would have declined in 2026 by 26 percent in comparison with current law — a reduction of $ 772 billion over the 10-year period . As a result , about 15 million fewer people would have been enrolled in Medicaid by 2026 , compared with what enrollment would have been under current law , the analysis said .
The savings , however , would have been offset by the repeal and modification of certain taxes . The Senate version analyzed by congressional budget experts would have , among other things , repealed a surtax on net investment income and annual fees imposed on health insurers . The repeal of the investment income surtax , for example , would have reduced revenues by $ 172 billion , budget analysts said .
Repeating Himself
The president also repeated several claims that we have already debunked — sometimes more than once .
The claim : “ And wages , for the first time in many , many years , are finally going up . ”
The facts : It is not “ the first time ” that wages are going up . The upward trend in wages started under President Barack Obama and has continued under Trump . The average weekly earnings of all private-sector workers , in “ real ” ( inflation-adjusted ) terms , rose 1.1 percent during Trump 's first 15 months , after going up 4.0 percent during Obama 's eight years . Those figures include managers and supervisors . The real average weekly earnings of rank-and-file production and nonsupervisory workers have gone up 1.4 percent so far under Trump , after rising 3.7 percent during Obama 's years .
The claim : “ I say it , and I say it all the time , we are so respected again . I ca n't even tell you — really , the degree to which people respect our country again . It 's amazing . It 's amazing . ”
The facts : As we wrote , the Pew Global Attitudes Project last year found that citizens in 35 out of 37 countries have less confidence in Trump than they did in Obama — significantly so , in some cases . The decline in confidence in the U.S. president has been “ especially pronounced among some of America 's closest allies in Europe and Asia , as well as neighboring Mexico and Canada , ” Pew found . A more recent Gallup World Poll survey , released in January , found similar results . “ Median approval of U.S. leadership across 134 countries and areas stands at a new low of 30 % , ” Gallup found .
The claim : “ So they go and they take this man , right ? And they got here and he 's got 22 people that came in — their mother , their father , their grandmother , their uncle , their brother , their sister . They got — 22 people come in for this one guy . That 's called chain migration — 22 people . ”
The facts : Trump is talking about Sayfullo Habibullaevic Saipov , an Uzbekistan-born immigrant charged with killing eight people in New York City on Oct. 31 . But , as we have written , there is no evidence that Saipov brought 22 people with them to the United States . In fact , as a green card holder , Saipov could not have sponsored anyone other than a spouse and children , and they married and had children in the United States — so they could not have been responsible for bringing in the relatives cited by Trump .
The claim : “ Think of it , a lottery . You pick people . Now , let me ask you . So these countries that are sending people in — do you think they are sending us their finest ? ”
The facts : Trump is again distorting the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program , which uses a computer lottery system to randomly issue up to 50,000 immigrant visas each year to qualified applicants from countries with low rates of immigration to the United States . Countries are n't “ sending us ” anybody . Individuals submit applications , and those eligible must meet certain requirements and pass a security background check . Stephen W. Yale-Loehr , who teaches immigration law at Cornell Law School , told us : “ Among other things , the consular officer must make sure the individual is not ‘ inadmissible . ' This means that the person has not committed a crime , does n't have a serious health problem , is n't a terrorist , has n't committed fraud , and has n't overstayed in the U.S. before . ”
The claim : “ We lose with Mexico over $ 100 billion a year with this crazy NAFTA deal . ”
The facts : Census Bureau data show that the U.S. trade deficit in goods and services with Mexico was $ 69 billion in 2017 , up from $ 63 billion in 2016 and $ 58 billion in 2015 .
The claim : “ We passed the largest tax cuts and reform in American history . Larger than Ronald Reagan , many years ago . ”
The facts : The tax bill that Trump signed into law in December is not the largest tax cut in history . It is estimated to reduce tax revenues by $ 1.46 trillion over 10 years , according to the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation . It needed to cost roughly $ 6.8 trillion over 10 years to beat the 1981 tax cut under President Reagan , which was 2.9 percent of GDP , according to the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget .
The claim : “ So , instead of spending $ 1 billion and not having it for 20 years , we spent four-hundred-thousand bucks and it opened up in a few months . Is that good ? Is that a good story ? ”
The facts : In discussing moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , Trump conflates the alleged estimated cost ( $ 1 billion ) of building a new U.S. embassy in Jerusalem with the actual cost ( less than $ 400,000 ) of renovating existing space for the interim embassy that opened in May . The interim embassy will be temporary ; the State Department still intends to build a permanent facility .
President Trump rally in Nashville President Donald Trump speaks at a rally at Municipal Auditorium Tuesday May 29 , 2018 , in Nashville , Tenn. 01 / 89 President Donald Trump speaks at a rally at Municipal Auditorium Tuesday May 29 , 2018 , in Nashville , Tenn. 01 / 89
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
REUTERS : A U.S. trade association representing medical laboratories filed a lawsuit on Monday challenging a new reimbursement system used by the federal government that it said would reduce how much Medicare pays for labs by about US $ 670 million in 2018 .
The American Clinical Laboratory Association ( ACLA ) in a lawsuit in federal court in Washington , D.C. , said the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ( CMS ) ignored Congressional intent by implementing the new system following the passage of a 2014 law .
That law , the Protecting Access to Medicare Act ( PAMA ) , aimed to establish a market-based pricing for certain lab tests and required laboratories to report information to ensure Medicare reimbursement rates were closer to those private insurers pay .
CMS declined to comment on the litigation .
The lawsuit came after CMS last month rolled out deep cuts to reimbursement rates for some lab tests under Medicare that could save the government as much as US $ 3 billion over five years but could hurt laboratory companies ' margins .
In its lawsuit , ACLA argued that while PAMA required all `` applicable laboratories '' report market information on private payors , CMS had arbitrarily exempted 99.3 percent of the laboratory market from the reporting requirement .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The vast majority of the data was instead collected from the country 's two largest laboratory owners , including Quest Diagnostics Inc , the lawsuit said .
As a result , CMS has implemented PAMA 's reporting requirements in a way that `` cherry-picks data '' from a small piece of the market that receives the lowest private payor rates , the lawsuit said .
`` We have repeatedly advised CMS that there are significant , substantive deficiencies in the final rule , which fails to follow the specific commands of the PAMA statute , '' ACLA President Julie Khani said in a statement .
Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings and Quest , who are both members of ACLA , in separate statements said that they supported the lawsuit .
`` These rates , if allowed to take effect , will have significant negative consequences for Medicare beneficiaries and throughout the healthcare system , '' LabCorp Chief Executive David King said in a statement .
The case is American Clinical Laboratory Association v. Hargan , U.S. District Court , District of Columbia , No . 17-cv-2645 .
( Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
Jose Mourinho says the Munich Air Disaster has always been a part of their life ahead of the 60th anniversary of the accident .
The Old Trafford crowd will hold a minute 's silence before Saturday 's match at home to Huddersfield and the players will wear black armbands as they pay respects to those that lost their lives in the fatal incident .
Mourinho anticipates the occasion will elevate the players ' performance as they attempt to win the game in a bid to bring happiness to all of those who lost someone in the crash .
“ I think it should affect [ the players ] in a positive way , ” they told MUTV . “ If we believe they are watching the match I think it 's one more reason for a happy day and for a good performance and a manifestation of United colours .
“ So yes , of course , a minute of silence for them and for the families , but I think they would love happiness , joy , a Manchester United victory , points , goals… I think they would love that .
“ Even before I became Manchester United manager it was part of my life as a sportsman . Obviously I was n't even born but I knew everything about it and the amazing reaction Manchester United had after that and to honour the people 's memory always .
“ So as Manchester United manager it obviously becomes more important and for me and for every player tomorrow is a special day . ”
Mourinho added in their pre-match press conference : “ It 's one of the biggest tragedies but also , at the same time , it 's a crucial point in Manchester United 's history – the reaction , the strength , the union after that situation .
“ I think tomorrow is an amazing day to show the respect , to show the passion for the club , the respect for them [ the victims ] , the respect for their families and I think it 's a day to play well .
“ I think it 's a day to bring happiness , to bring joy , for people to be together enjoying the game and at the same time showing all the respect for the people and their families . ”
With the Montgomery Public School system under a state intervention right now , there 's a lot of interest in who 's on the board .
There are five seats up for grabs this year and we 're less than a week away from the primary election . When it comes to district five there are six people running for the seat , two Republicans and four Democrats .
Here 's a look at who 's running and a little bit about each candidate :
Republican candidates for MPS Board District 5 :
Jannah Bailey – This is the first time Bailey has run for public office . They have been the executive director with the non-profit Child Protech for the last 17 years . They say a group approached them about running and it did n't take long to make the decision .
“ We 've got to look at the leadership and it begins with the board of directors . We need five new people , whether it 's me or someone else . We need a change in direction because what we 've been doing , has n't been working . ”
Bailey says she 's used to working with a variety of different agencies at the same time .
“ When we 're considering what to do with a child , it 's about bringing it all to the table , listening to everyone 's input , and then making a decision that 's best for the child . I have no doubt that my experience doing that with Child Protect will carry over to the MPS board . ”
Bailey would also see more options when it comes to vocational and technical programs at the middle school and high school level for kids who will leave school and go right into the workforce .
Melissa Snowden – Snowden 's held the seat in district five since 2006 . Even with all the financial issues and the state intervention , Snowden says she 's proud of their work and has often gone against the group when they disagree . They say they have no problem holding the superintendent and chief financial officer accountable if they 're not doing the job .
“ I think it 's really important for the person who sits in district five knows education law , policy , finance , and can ask the right questions . You need to know where we 've been and where we need to be . ”
So why is Snowden running again ?
“ When I go to the school and see the children it just lights a fire in me . Just to see the potential we have to be even better . ”
Snowden would like to see Montgomery establish , an alternative school for students who are a constant disruption in class in traditional schools .
Democrat candidates for MPS Board District 5 :
Dianelle Gross – Gross spent 18 years in the Air Force , retired , then recently got a job in healthcare but when this opportunity came up they did n't think twice .
“ First and foremost I 'm the mother of kids in the Montgomery Public School system . I 'm a very concerned mother . I will go out and do whatever it takes to help these kids be successful . ”
Gross thinks communication is the key to improvement .
“ I think people just need to take some time and listen . I was at a school board meeting a few weeks ago . A lot of staff and employees there had some real concerns about their lives . So we really need to listen to the people who are directly affected . ”
Rhonda Oats – Oats has spent 27 years in education , 12 of those years in the Montgomery Public School system .
“ I 've been there before with the students and the teachers . I want to be a servant again to see what I can do to be a balanced voice for the Montgomery Public School system . ”
Oats ' biggest concern is making sure the students are always put first .
“ I 've been there with the students in the hallways , the teachers in the hallways . I 've gotten up at 6:20 in the morning where some of the students came to Title One schools needing breakfast . I cared for them then , and guess what , I still care . ”
Carey Owens – Owens is also running for office for the first time . They say their kids went to public school when they were in elementary school but felt they needed to make a change when they reached middle school . They say all families should have choices and wants the Montgomery school system to be a good choice again .
“ I 'm frustrated . I want to be the voice for all the frustrated parents out there . The climate of MPS , the climate of the board , it affects the future of our city . ”
Owens has worked for 25 years in corporate America and believes they have developed skills to be perfect in this position .
“ It 's going to take teamwork and team building skills among all of us to work together and make the board more effective . ”
Devona Sims – Sims had one child go through the Montgomery school system . They have a background in elementary and post-secondary education .
“ We do need new leadership , that new leader would be me . We need to take a look at how we do things and what we are doing . We need to look at student achievement overall . ”
says other parents encouraged them to run for this position and they have a passion for working with children .
“ I believe in improving the Montgomery Public School system . I believe there are great things happening things we can do to get better . With new leadership , I think we are moving in the right direction . ”
The primary election is scheduled for Tuesday .
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News . All rights reserved .
It was a long , humiliating ride home in a London police cruiser for Second World War veteran Bob Hanson .
For 70 of the old sailor 's 90 years , he 's been heading off to local Royal Canadian Legion branches to meet up with their buddies , swap war stories , listen to music and dance .
But last November , Hanson was banned for 180 days — a long time when you 're 90 — from the Legion 's Victory branch 317 in London for breaking its rules .
Their infraction ?
Handing out business card-sized flyers of a country music band schedule he 'd set up at another London club .
The events were scheduled at the same time the Legion had its own music nights . Apparently , that was serious enough to ban a man who faced down the enemy in the North Atlantic and helped secure the freedoms Canadians have today .
Then it got worse . After they were banned for band promotion , and lost an appeal , Hanson headed down to the Legion on a Saturday night , the usual country music night , wanting to talk to one of the Legion 's executive .
Instead , the bar flight attendant said they were trespassing and called the police . Everyone saw it . Even the police officer , Hanson said , “ was disgusted . ”
“ I was exercising my rights . I did n't think I was doing anything wrong , ” they said in an interview .
“ I 'm not looking for sympathy . They just ruined my reputation . ”
And so , the nonagenarian , recently-widowed veteran of the Royal Canadian Navy was unceremoniously escorted home in a cop car to their senior 's apartment .
“ The situation as to why they were banned had to do with clubhouse rules and conduct , ” said Brian Harris , the executive member who handled the discipline . “ And being a military man , I would have thought Bob would understand that . ”
But there 's more to the tale than just rule-breaking .
It 's about a fading older generation , entrenched in tradition and community work , at odds with new-fangled ideas .
And you have to know a little bit more about Hanson . Some would call them spunky ; others , feisty . Everyone would say they hold strong opinions .
There are things about the way the Legion is run that they do n't like . In protest , they stopped paying a membership .
Probably the only thing close to criminal he 's ever done is to lie about their age to sign up with the navy at 17 to serve in the war . They were a gunner on the destroyer HMCS Restigouche ( nicknamed Rusty Guts ) out of Halifax and made several treacherous trips in the North Sea .
In 1946 , they and a buddy went to the Palais Royale in Toronto for “ dime-a-dance ” night where they met their wife , Lorraine . They can tell you what they wore . Their first dance was to the song Near You .
“ She was a fabulous dancer , ” they said .
Hanson was no slouch either , picking up prizes over the years at jitterbug competitions . They were also a reigning limbo champ .
They worked for Bell Telephone and took university courses to become a communications engineer in Toronto . After they retired , they and Lorraine moved to London in 1999 to be closer to some family . They moved to a seniors ' apartment a year ago .
Lorraine died last May after an illness . Hanson 's eyes well up just mentioning them name .
Music always played in the background of their lives . They and Lorraine went out dancing practically every week . Their favourite was old country music , not the modern-day rock-and-roll stuff , but “ the kind you can dance to. ” Even Elvis is a little too racy for Hanson .
On Saturday nights , they 'd go to the Victory branch for the weekly country dance . They got to know the bands and would follow them to other venues like Purple Hill , east of the city .
Hanson got in trouble with the executive some time ago when they put up Purple Hill 's schedule on the Legion 's bulletin board . They said they agreed they did wrong and took it down .
But , when word came last summer that the country music night format was being changed to tribute bands and modern music , Hanson decided he 'd help the bands they and their friends loved to find a new place to play . And they insist they were transparent with the Legion bar flight attendant about what they were up to .
“ The gang that loved the old classic country were getting disappointed and they would n't come out , ” they said .
Hanson secured a spot at the Marconi Club in London . They drew up some small flyers to hand out to their friends . They told them to put them in their pockets and not to leave them out at the Legion .
The bar flight attendant , Hanson said , found a couple left on the tables . Hanson was reported to the executive , then told not to come back for six months .
So , Hanson wrote a letter to the Legion 's Ontario Command and to the newspaper .
The legion 's executive insists this is n't Hanson 's first trip to the brig , and that he 's run afoul of other veterans ' organizations ( something Hanson denies ) . The branch president , Nellie Stevens , said Hanson has been “ creating a problem ” and they have “ quite a file on him . ”
Harris said Hanson has been given “ several warnings and interviews and letters and what-not ” over the years .
This time , Harris asked for an apology . Hanson refused .
They 've told Hanson if they need help with pensions and benefits , “ we 'll be there in a second . ”
But the house rules are posted and must be followed , Harris said . Promoting other events that run at the same time as Legion affairs cuts into their business and their mission to help seniors and youth .
“ He broke the rules , ” Harris said . “ It 's the same whether you 're 90 or a 24-year-old veteran . There are certain things you ca n't do . ”
The night the police were called , Harris said , Hanson showed up and created “ a ruckus ”
“ He may be 90 , but he 's got a lot of fight in him , ” Harris said .
Hanson and their friends got “ boisterous , ” so the police were called .
Hanson likes to “ stir the pot ” , Harris said . “ Everybody at their table is just like Bob and they get fired up . ”
But Harris said he 's willing to extend an olive branch . “ I 'm not retreating , I 'm going to have a talk with Bob and see what we can do , see if we can put all the bygones in the past . ”
Hanson is n't buying it . “ I do n't understand what he 's trying to do , ” they said .
Their flyers for the bands were small and discreet and “ people wanted to know where to see them . People go where they want to go . ”
The old vet wants an apology “ and my dignity back . ”
Most of all , they want to hang out with their pals .
“ I miss those guys , ” they said .
jsims @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/JaneatLFPress
After the Florence gym floor was flooded by more than an inch of water from a kitchen sink leak , it was n't hard Friday to find a place to insert a blower underneath the ruined maple floor to try to dry it out .
Work takes place Tuesday on La . 70 by Lake End Park as part of the Morgan City Levee Improvements Project . St. Mary Parish Consolidated Gravity Drainage District No . 2 is in charge of the project that entails tying about a quarter-mile stretch of the highway into the levee system . Officials have widened the highway , raised half of it and are in the process of raising the other half , said Lee Dragna , drainage district chairperson . Dragna anticipates the La . 70 work to be complete July 20 . ( The Daily Review/Zachary Fitzgerald )
Sushi is often thought of as a healthy and nutritious meal choice — but is it really ?
The question was posed last week on the Time website , and the answer from Katherine Zeratsky , a registered dietitian and associate professor of nutrition at the Mayo Clinic , may surprise sushi lovers .
READ MORE : Are parasitic worms lurking in your seafood ? Here 's what Canadian experts say
Despite the meal having a “ halo of being healthy , ” they said , it is n't always a healthy choice .
According to Zeratsky , there are several things that can make sushi a not-so-healthy meal as it can come packed with calories .
One of the biggest issues , fellow registered dietitian Isabel Maples said , is portion control . One sushi roll cut into six to nine pieces can contain as many as 500 calories .
And most of those calories come from the sticky rice that is usually used to hold a sushi roll together , Zeratksy said . The rice is often made by adding vinegar and sugar , and it 's that sugar that can pack a caloric punch .
So what do Canadian dietitians have to say ?
Many agree that if you do n't pay attention to the type of sushi you eat and how much of it , then there 's a good chance you 're not getting as many benefits from the sushi as one would hope and think .
“ Without a doubt , sushi can be a healthy choice and a chance to get some extra omega 3s in your diet too , ” said registered dietitian Andrea D'Ambrosio of Dietetic Directions . “ However , we do have to be mindful when consuming sushi , especially the all-you-can-eat . ”
Among the aspects that can make sushi unhealthy , registered dietitian Cailtin Boudreau adds , is the fact that sushi can be high on the glycemic index and is low in fibre content . The rice can also have high sodium counts , as can the sauces people often like to pair with their sushi .
The healthiest sushi , they say , are nigiri , maki and sashimi .
One piece of nigiri sushi is between 40 and 55 calories . This is the sushi that is in a rectangular shape with one piece of fish on top .
READ MORE : Healthy eaters waste the most food , new study finds
Maki sushi are the rolls with the fish in the middle and the seaweed wrapper on the outside . One piece is usually around 50 calories , so six pieces can add up to 300 calories . However , this number can easily reach 500 calories with deep fried ingredients or with sauces .
Lastly , is sashimi , the healthiest type of sushi . It is simply raw fish and no rice . One piece , they say , can be 30 to 40 calories .
Try to stick with sushi that comes with avocado , omega-3 fish like salmon , and brown rice instead of the white sticky rice , Boudreau says .
“ These are healthy due to the unsaturated fats , and in the case of the vegetable rolls and brown rice rolls , they would contain slightly more fibre and vitamins and minerals , ” Boudreau points out . “ The least healthy would be ones that are deep fried or contain deep fried elements , like fried shrimp or salmon , or very ‘ Americanized ' rolls with beef . These would be unhealthy due to the high-calorie content and unhealthy fats . ”
Another way you can make your sushi order healthier is by ordering a seaweed salad or edamame ( soybeans ) as an appetizer for added B vitamins , D'Ambrosio suggests .
Avoid rolls with rich sauces and of course deep fried . Just to give you an idea of how many calories you 're consuming when you choose these types of sushi meals , one roll of tempura and deep-friend shrimp dynamite roll ( six pieces ) can account for 508 calories . Instead , D'Ambrosio says to choose the salmon roll ( six pieces ) as it accounts for only 290 calories .
Also , try to stay clear of all-you-can-eat sushi buffets as it can promote over-consumption .
Lastly , choose the lower sodium soy sauce with about half the sodium ( 600 milligrams sodium per tablespoon ) rather than reaching for the regular soy sauce .
ZURICH : FIFA 's ethics committee has opened formal proceedings against two former Central American soccer officials after an investigator for the world soccer body recommended they be banned from the game for life for alleged corruption , the watchdog said on Wednesday .
Eduardo Li , former president of the Costa Rican Football Association , and Brayan Jimenez , former president of the Guatemalan Football Association , are accused of violating FIFA rules including those forbidding bribery and corruption .
Last year , Li and Jimenez pleaded guilty in U.S. federal court to charges including racketeering and wire fraud .
( Reporting by John Miller , Editing by Michael Shields )
The mStand by Rain Design is the best stand you can buy for your MacBook . It 's made of solid aluminum , stands sturdily , and gives you the desktop experience without taking up all that space .
Best overall mStand by Rain Design See at Amazon The mStand is made of solid , sand-blasted aluminum and it 's a sturdy stand that lifts your MacBook 6 inches off your desk . It 's tilted slightly forward to bring your MacBook closer , and small rubber pads grip each corner to keep it in place . For a little extra security , there 's a raised lip on the center of the base . The full aluminum panel acts as a heat sink to help keep your MacBook cool as it runs , and you have the option to purchase the mStand with or without a swivel base . Bottom line : With the mStand 's durable build and stability , it 's a longstanding favorite of MacBook users and one of the best-reviewed stands available .
Why the mStand is the best
Sleek , modern feel + durable build + comfortable design = A champion MacBook stand .
The mStand is not only a versatile , well-made MacBook stand that 'll take the heat off your lap and the kink out of your neck , but it 's also an all-round customer favorite , garnishing over 2,000 reviews that put it at 5 stars on Amazon .
This is a fantastic option for any Mac laptop user . I work from home and revamped my MacBook Pro into what now feels like a desktop . I no longer have to hunch down to look at the screen -- giving me better posture and less back/neck stiffness . ( Amazon user G. Fisher )
On top of that , the mStand looks like it 's made by Apple , so if you like keeping your technology uniform and clean-looking , the mStand might be a great option to go for !
Interestingly enough , the packaging it came in even reminded me of how Apple would have packaged it . It 's a wonderful product that fills an obvious need , and is one of those `` why did n't I think of that '' items . Simple design , beautiful , and very functional . ( Amazon user Steve W . )
The price is also a great option if you 're looking for a high-quality stand that wo n't break the bank wide open – you 'll spend just under $ 45 if you pick up the Rain Design mStand .
Best for productivity Steklo X-Stand for MacBook See at Apple What if you 're always on the go , you need a minimalist stand , and your desk is whatever tabletop is available ? Sounds like you need the Steklo X-Stand for MacBook ! The premium aluminum stands fits 12- to 17-inch MacBooks and is ideal for getting some air flow under and around your MacBook during prolonged use . It folds down and breaks into small components that can easily be stored in your laptop bag ; it also weighs a tiny 5.8 ounces . The X-Stand is perfect when you need just a little bit of ergonomic tilt for the keyboard and screen to save your neck and your wrists . Bottom-line : Fold , store , assemble , and work with ease , all thanks to the wildly convenient and portable Steklo X-Stand !
Best for saving space Twelve South BookArc vertical stand See at Apple Smooth , low-profile , modern , and wildly popular , the BookArc by Twelve South is a vertical stand that will reinvent your workspace . If that were n't already enough , it 's available in silver , birch , walnut , and espresso , so you can customize your desk to match your taste . The space-saving design elevates your MacBook in case of accidental spills and keeps your MacBook from having heavier objects placed down on it . Vertical stands like the BookArc are ideal when you want to connect your MacBook to an external screen , mouse , and keyboard to turn it into a desktop Mac . It 's also handy if you only occasionally need your laptop but do n't want it taking up room . Bottom-line : If you 're looking for a stand to save you space and save your laptop from the dangers of your desk ( while keeping it stylishly stored ! ) then check out the Twelve South BookArc vertical stand
Conclusion
Finding the most comfortable stand for you and your MacBook can be difficult , but there are dozens of high-quality options out there to pick and choose from that wo n't break the bank .
While the mStand is by far the sturdiest , best option ( and did we mention that it comes with the option of a swivel base ? ) there are numerous stands in different designs that suit their own individual purpose for getting your work done efficiently , quickly , and , most importantl , comfortably .
Advertisement
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri said Monday they stood firm against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's “ crimes ” , at an event marking the anniversary of their father 's assassination that they have blamed on Damascus .
Hariri , whose father Rafiq Hariri was killed along with 22 other people in a February 15 , 2005 bomb blast on the Beirut seafront , was appointed prime minister in November for a second time , under an arrangement struck with the pro-Syrian Shiite group Hezbollah .
“ We negotiated and we made compromises to preserve stability ” in Lebanon , they said in an address to a packed hall in Beirut .
“ We have not made , and will not make , any compromise on principles such as the Special Tribunal for Lebanon , on our point of view on Assad 's regime , our stand on illegitimate arms and on Hezbollah 's implication in Syria , ” they said to loud applause .
Advertisement
The Hague-based tribunal is responsible for trying Rafiq Hariri 's assassination .
Saad Hariri and their allies demand the disarmament of Hezbollah and its withdrawal from Syria where the Shiite group that also forms part of the Lebanese government has been battling alongside Assad 's forces .
Hezbollah , the only group not to have disarmed in the aftermath of Lebanon 's 1975-1990 civil war , insists its arsenal is essential to defend the country against Israel , with which it fought a devastating 2006 summer war .
Five Hezbollah members have been accused by the international court of involvement in the 2005 assassination of Rafiq Hariri , themselves a former Lebanese premier .
Both the Syrian government and Hezbollah have repeatedly denied involvement .
A high-ranking official of Japan 's Ministry of Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology was arrested Wednesday for allegedly accepting a bribe in exchange for a personal favour , Tokyo prosecutors said .
Futoshi Sano , the director-general and former deputy vice minister , is alleged to have received a bribe from a private university in Tokyo to accept their child , in return for supporting a project at the university .
The special squad of the Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office said Sano allegedly received the bribe from the university in May 2017 .
They also said Sano 's child passed the university 's entrance examination in February .
Sano has held the post of director-general of the Science and Technology Policy Bureau at the ministry since July 2017 .
The Nigeria Police said they would arraign Senator Dino Melaye ‘ without any delay ' , after re-arresting them from an Abuja hospital today .
Police confirmed an earlier report that Melaye , escaped from lawful custody earlier today when ‘ miscreants and hoodlums ' blocked a police vehicle conveying them to Lokoja to face trial .
According to Assistant commissioner of police , Jimoh Moshood , the “ hoodlums and miscreants ” in two Toyota Hilux vehicles blocked the Police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About , Abuja .
“ In the process , the Senator jumped out of the Police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the Policemen by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination ” .
Read the police full statement below :
“ At about 12 pm of today Senator Dino Melaye while in lawful custody of the Nigeria Police Force and being taken for arraignment in Federal High Court , Lokoja from Abuja , escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in Two Toyota Hilux Vehicles blocked the Police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About , Abuja and in the process the Senator jumped out of the Police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the Policemen by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination .
“ The Police team reinforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital , Abuja where they were re-arrested .
“ The Senator would be arraigned in court without further delay .
“ Meanwhile , one of the Toyota Hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the Senator has been recovered by the Police investigation team .
“ The Inspector General of Police has therefore directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody . ”
Naples man faces child porn charges
A 21-year-old man was arrested Tuesday for the transmission of child pornography , the Collier County Sheriff 's Office said .
Officials were tipped off about Richard Farias ' internet activity on three separate occasions . Two tips were sent to CCSO about a suspect engaging in child exploitation on Omegle . A third tip was reported to the FBI about a suspect on a website called Chaturbate engaging in internet exploitation of children .
Farias used chat rooms to talk about their fantasies with kids , which included them wanting to kidnap a child and “ slice their necks , ” the arrest report said .
According to the arrest report , they would use a special software to display pre-pubescent children performing sex acts while they were talking to someone on Omegle .
Farias also wanted to perform sex acts with children under the age of ten , police said .
All of their internet activity was traced back to Farias ' house on the 4000 block of Acadia Lane , right next to Avalon Elementary School and a park .
Farias was arrested for two counts of transmission of child pornography .
Their bond has not been set .
Reporter : Kim Powell
Writer : Emily Ford
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost . Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC . More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs . Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods , the services you request or are needed to complete the move , and/or on the pricing of each individual mover . Also , certain costs are not reflected in this calculation , for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs .
New York : The maker of Ambien said Wednesday that `` racism is not a known side effect '' after Roseanne Barr cited the insomnia drug in explaining the tweet that led ABC to cancel them show .
Hours after ABC pulled the plug on `` Roseanne '' because of their offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was busy posting on the social media platform .
Barr tweeted that what they did was unforgiveable and urged supporters not to defend them They said of the Jarrett tweet , `` It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting . ''
The drugmaker Sanofi took to social media to say that `` while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ''
Barr later tweeted that they have had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night . `` I blame myself , not Ambien , '' they tweeted .
After not mentioning Barr 's firing in a campaign-style rally in Tennessee Tuesday night , President Donald Trump broke their silence on Twitter . They noted that Robert Iger , chief executive of ABC parent Walt Disney Co. , called Jarrett to tell them that ABC did not tolerate Barr 's comments .
`` Gee , they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC , '' Trump wrote . `` Maybe I just did n't get the call ? ''
Trump reveled in the success of `` Roseanne '' after Barr 's character in the show came out as a supporter of their presidency .
`` Roseanne '' was an instant hit when it returned this spring after a two-decade hiatus . But after Barr 's tweet that likened Jarrett , who is black , to a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and the `` Planet of the Apes , '' ABC canceled the show in a one-sentence statement from network entertainment president Channing Dungey . They called it `` abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values . ''
Barr 's agent also dropped them and several services pulled `` Roseanne '' reruns .
Jarrett , who said they were `` fine '' after the slur , urged in an MSNBC special Tuesday about racism that the incident become a teaching moment .
`` Tone does start at the top , and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country , '' Jarrett said . `` But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too , and it 's up to all of us to push back . Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be . ''
Barr showed no signs of abandoning Twitter , engaging in a series of tweets that apologized to those who lost their jobs because of the `` Roseanne '' cancellation and expressed remorse they were being branded a racist . While asking not to be defended , they retweeted comments from supporters that attacked ABC and complained that conservatives are tweeted more harshly than liberals for their behavior .
Barr was resoundingly condemned Tuesday , including from many who helped make their show successful .
The executive producer of `` Roseanne , '' which came back this spring after being gone for two decades and instantly became television 's second most popular comedy , said they supported ABC 's decision .
`` Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us , '' said Tom Werner . `` It represented the work of hundreds of talented people . I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by those abhorrent and offensive comments , and that Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs . ''
ABC and Disney had taken notable steps to be more inclusive in its entertainment , and Dungey is the first black to be entertainment president of a major broadcast network . But much of its progress would have been threatened if it looked the other way at Barr 's tweet .
They have a history of diving into political conspiracy theories on Twitter , and that 's how they ended their Memorial Day weekend . They criticized Democratic financier George Soros and tweeted that Chelsea Clinton was `` Chelsea Soros Clinton , '' implying they were married to a nephew of Soros . Clinton themselves corrected Barr online . Donald Trump Jr. retweeted two of Barr 's statements about Soros , although not the remark about Jarrett .
Jarrett 's name came up in response to Twitter commentary that raised their name in relation to an Obama conspiracy theory . Barr tweeted : `` muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj . ''
Three weeks earlier , `` Roseanne '' was the toast of ABC 's annual presentation of its programming plans to advertisers . Dungey 's boss , network chief Ben Sherwood , even joked then : `` If anyone came to play a drinking game based on how many times we mention 'Roseanne , ' you 're welcome . ''
`` Roseanne '' earned an estimated $ 45 million in advertising revenue for ABC through its nine episodes that started airing in March , according to Kantar Media . The firm estimates that the 13 episodes that had been ordered for next season would have brought in as much as $ 60 million , with more through repeat episodes .
The cancellation has no clear precedent in television history , said David Bianculli , professor at Rowan University in New Jersey . The closest analogy is CBS pulling the plug on the Smothers Brothers variety show due to their anti-war views in the late 1960s and the same network not renewing `` Lou Grant '' at its peak , which star Ed Asner always contended was due to their outspoken political beliefs .
But cancelling `` Roseanne '' is `` like taking off 'All in the Family ' or ' I Love Lucy ' or Andy Griffith at their zenith , '' they said .
There was also CBS ' firing of Charlie Sheen from `` Two and a Half Men '' during their bizarre spate of behavior . Sheen , for one , saw an opportunity in Tuesday 's events .
`` Good riddance , '' they tweeted about the `` Roseanne '' cancellation . `` Hashtag NOT Winning . The runway is now clear for OUR reboot . ''
Barr retweeted that , too .
Having just pulled itself out of the dilemma over joining Saudi Arabia 's war on Yemen , Pakistan seems to be caught up in the middle of a new West Asia conundrum with Saudi Arabia asking Islamabad to pick between Doha and Riyadh .
In their recent visit to Saudi Arabia , Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was asked to choose between the two Gulf nations by the Saudi rulers , media reports said .
“ Are you with us or with Qatar ? ” King Salman bin Abdulaziz is known to have said Sharif in Jeddah on Monday , reported The Express Tribune citing diplomatic sources .
Sharif , who was in the Saudi kingdom to find a diplomatic solution to the Qatar crisis , is known to have said `` no '' to the Saudis request to join their side in the current crisis against Qatar , the paper further added .
Islamabad enjoys cordial ties with both Saudi Arabia and Qatar .
With over 1.9 million Pakistanis living in Saudi Arabia and bilateral trade in billions of dollars , Saudi authorities have leverage over Pakistan , and they have been persistent in their demands that Islamabad assists them in the Yemeni war as well as a larger regional security alliance led by Riyadh , reported dw.com .
Despite the Parliament of Pakistan 's decision last year against becoming a party to the intensifying Saudi-Iranian conflict in West Asia , in April , Islamabad approved the appointment of Raheel Sharif , the country 's former army chief , as head of the 39-member Saudi-led military coalition . Although Riyadh says the Muslim nations ' alliance was formed to fight terrorism in the region , experts point out that it is primarily an anti-Iran grouping , the website reported .
Pakistan has good diplomatic , economic and other bilateral relations with Qatar also . More than one lakh Pakistani nationals live in the country , and in December 2015 , the two nations had signed a deal in which Qatar agreed to supply Pakistan with $ 16 billion of liquefied natural gas to ease the country 's energy crisis .
A relatively tiny nation which shares its only land border with a much bigger Saudi Arabia , Qatar nevertheless punches much above its weight by having the world 's third biggest gas reserves and highest per capita income .
Effect of the crisis on Pakistan 's society
Treading a careful path since the crisis erupted , media reports said that Islamabad has offered the Saudis to use its influence over Qatar to diffuse the situation . Sharif has also reportedly offered to visit Qatar , Kuwait and Turkey to work out a peaceful solution .
As Riyadh has accused Qatar of having ties with groups funded by Iran , Islamabad is particularly sensitive to the current situation , because of the presence of a large number of Shias in the country .
According to dw.com , Pakistani intelligentsia and civil society have advised Sharif to maintain a neutral stance in the present West Asia crisis as Islamabad 's support to Saudi Arabia could also increase the Sunni-Shiite tension Pakistan .
With inputs from PTI
Donald Trump says a controversial memo alleging FBI surveillance abuse “ totally vindicates ” them but added the “ Russian witch hunt goes on and on ” .
They approved Friday 's release of the congressional memo which claimed the FBI and Department of Justice were biased against them while investigating alleged collusion between their 2016 election campaign and Russia .
The US President said the inquiry had found nothing and “ collusion was dead ” .
In the tweet posted on Saturday , they wrote : “ This memo totally vindicates ‘ Trump ' in probe .
“ But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on .
“ Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ”
The memo , drawn up by Republican politicians , claimed the FBI used unsubstantiated allegations by former British spy Christopher Steele to obtain a warrant to monitor a Trump campaign aide .
It also alleged the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court was not told Mr Steele was demonstrably anti-Trump and that the research was funded by the Clinton campaign .
Following the document 's release , FBI boss Christopher Wray backed their staff , promising to defend them after the Bureau was accused of being biased against the President .
“ You 've all been through a lot in the past nine months and I know it 's often been unsettling , to say the least , ” they wrote .
“ And the past few days have n't done much to calm those waters… Let me be clear : I stand fully committed to our mission… I stand with you . ”
Despite not referencing the memo of the President specifically , Mr Wray told staff they were “ determined to defend your integrity and professionalism every day ” , adding : “ Talk is cheap ; the work you do is what will endure ” .
Leading Democrats have warned of a “ constitutional crisis ” and told Mr Trump not to use the memo as a means of disrupting and discrediting the Russia investigation .
In a letter to the President , Democrats warned them against using the four-page document as a “ pretext ” to sack Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein or Special Counsel Robert Mueller , who is overseeing the investigation .
“ Firing Rod Rosenstein , DOJ ( Department of Justice ) leadership , or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday night massacre , ” the Democrats wrote , referencing Richard Nixon 's firing of the Watergate scandal prosecutor .
The White House insisted there had been no discussions about firing Mr Rosenstein .
The assurance comes despite reporters asking Mr Trump on Friday if they had confidence in the Deputy Attorney General and the President replying : “ You figure that one out . ”
Speaking of the claims in the memo , Mr Trump said : “ A lot of people should be ashamed . ”
“ I think it 's terrible , ” they said . “ You want to know the truth . I think it 's a disgrace . What 's going on in this country , I think it 's a disgrace . ”
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the memo “ raises serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI to use the Government 's most intrusive surveillance tools against American citizens ” .
The FBI , DOJ and Democrats – who say the memo uses cherry-picked classified details – had all pushed to stop its release , saying it could harm national security .
Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi accused Mr Trump of “ sending their friend Putin a bouquet ” , calling it a “ desperate attempt to distract the American people from the truth about the Trump-Russia scandal ” .
Sky News correspondent Cordelia Lynch said a “ big partisan political battle ” was brewing .
“ You now have the President at odds with the intelligence community , ploughing ahead despite the FBI 's grave concerns and some central allegations within this memo that Republicans believe prove that the FBI was biased , ” they said .
Former FBI Director James Comey , who Mr Trump fired in May , savaged the decision to release the memo .
They tweeted : “ That 's it ? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee , destroyed trust with Intelligence Community , damaged relationship with FISA ( Foreign Intelligence Surveillance ) court , and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen .
“ For what ? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs . ”
HUDDERSFIELD TOWN have been handed a favourable run of early fixtures in their first-ever Premier League campaign , which starts with a nostalgic trip to Crystal Palace on August 12 .
Selhurst Park was the venue where Huddersfield 's last top-flight match was staged on April , 29 , 1972 and the Yorkshire outfit return for their first game back at this level in over 45 years .
Town then host Newcastle and Southampton in back-to-back home games and make their first visit to West Ham 's London Stadium on September 9 – with Spurs being the only top side who they face up to mid-October .
But despite a benign-looking start , David Wagner 's side have been handed a teak-tough end to the campaign , which sees them visit champions Chelsea and Pep Guardiola 's Manchester City in their final two away games of 2017-18 and welcome Everton and Arsenal in their last two home assignments .
Town 's season ends at home to the Gunners on May 13 .
Other highlights see Wagner pit their wits against Liverpool boss and good friend Jurgen Klopp on October 28 when Town make their first trip to Anfield since October 1971 – the return taking place on January 30 .
Three days after that on February 3 , Town visit Old Trafford for a league fixture at Manchester United for the first time in almost 46 years – with Jose Mourinho 's side visiting Yorkshire on October 21 .
Town – linked with a loan move for Derby County winger Tom Ince – face eight matches in a frenetic December and festive season with Wagner 's side handed Yuletide home games with Stoke on Boxing Day and Burnley on December 30 before visiting Leicester on New Year 's Day to start 2018 .
Despite Huddersfield not being handed a glamour opening day match , club ambassador and former striker Andy Booth feels the club 's start to the season provides cause for optimism .
They said : “ Realistically , it is a good start for us to get points on the board and we have some winnable games and other teams will be under pressure to get points against Huddersfield .
“ We need to get our points early . In April , there are not many points we are guaranteed .
“ We have got to be realistic . It is going to be tough and there are going to be weeks where we probably take a bit of a drubbing . But there will be other weeks where we beat teams . Let us enjoy it and not worry about the last weeks of the season . ”
The first batch of televised games for August and September are likely to be announced on July 10 .
The Diocese of Bismarck Office of Youth & Young Adult Ministries is coordinating a trip for youth in grades 9-12 to participate in March for Life in Washington , D.C. , January 16-21 , 2018 . Cost of the trip is only $ 400 all inclusive , and the deadline to register is Friday , November 17 . For more information and to get registered visit bismarckdiocese.com/march or contact Carrie Davis at 701-204-7208 or cdavis @ bismarckdiocese.com .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
5 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Rickie Fowler 's storming finish vaulted them to the top of the Waste Management Phoenix Open leaderboard on Saturday after the American signed for four-under 67 and a one-shot lead heading into the final round .
REUTERS : Rickie Fowler 's storming finish vaulted them to the top of the Waste Management Phoenix Open leaderboard on Saturday after the American signed for four-under 67 and a one-shot lead heading into the final round .
Fowler , who began the day tied for the lead , made a slow start and was one-over through seven holes but roared back into contention with five birdies thereafter , including three straight from the 16th at TPC Scottsdale in Arizona .
Their 14-under-par 199 total leaves them one clear of in-form Spaniard Jon Rahm , Chez Reavie and Bryson DeChambeau . Five-times major champion Phil Mickelson is in a group of three players a further shot adrift on a packed leaderboard .
World number two Rahm , a fan favourite who played college golf in Arizona , shook off a disappointing finish to their second round with a six-under 65 that included five birdies from the 11th .
The 23-year-old Rahm already has a win and a second this season as they continue their quest to usurp world number one Dustin Johnson at the top of the rankings .
World number four Justin Thomas made a fantastic start to their round when they vaulted into contention by starting with six consecutive birdies to reach 12-under , but a back-nine collapse saw the American tumble back down the standings at six-under .
Advertisement
Advertisement
For Fowler , Sunday 's final round will represent a shot at redemption after they blew an opportunity to win in Phoenix two years ago when they put their tee shot into a water hazard and lost to Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama in a sudden-death playoff .
( Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles ; Editing by John O'Brien )
KUALA LUMPUR : The slight girl in a turquoise headscarf held back tears as they recalled what happened when they fled to Malaysia from Myanmar 's violence-hit Rakhine state . Just 12-years-old at the time , they were forced to wed a man they did not know , and who was more than a decade older than them
The teenager , who is not being named by Reuters because they are still only 13 , is like hundreds of Rohingya girls escaping persecution , violence and apartheid-like conditions in Rakhine , only to be sold into marriage to Rohingya men in neighbouring Malaysia , migrant groups and community members said .
Separated from their family while escaping to Malaysia , they said they were caught by traffickers and held for weeks in a filthy and brutal jungle camp near the Thai-Malaysian border with dozens of others . Them captors told them a Rohingya man was willing to give their freedom if they agreed to marry him .
`` The ( trafficking ) agent said I had been sold to a man and I asked , how could do they do that ? ... My heart was heavy and I was scared , '' the girl said in an interview in Kuala Lumpur .
Reuters could not independently verify certain aspects of their story but their mother confirmed they were held in the camp for weeks before being released .
The girl 's plight is just one illustration of the hardships faced by many Rohingya Muslims , a minority group in Myanmar who are regarded by the nation 's government as illegal migrants from Bangladesh , entitled only to limited rights .
Since 2012 , violence and communal clashes have seen hundreds of Rohingya killed while tens of thousands have fled , seeking refuge in neighbouring countries such as Malaysia , Thailand , Indonesia and Bangladesh . In the most recent crackdown , security forces and police committed mass killings and gang rapes and burned villages in northern Rakhine , a U.N. investigation published earlier this month found .
MALAYSIA CRITICISED
It has been common for Rohingya women escaping Myanmar to wed Rohingya men in the country they fled to , usually through marriages arranged between families , rights groups said . Some of these arranged marriages would be for underage girls .
But a growing number are becoming victims of human traffickers who sell women and girls to Rohingya men as brides .
Matthew Smith , executive director of the Southeast Asia-based migrant and refugee protection group Fortify Rights , said the group had seen a “ significant ” rise in the number of child brides following increased violence in Rakhine .
There are no official statistics on how many girls have been sold into marriage . In 2015 , the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said in a report it had identified 120 Rohingya child brides in Malaysia but it was unclear how many were trafficking victims .
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has spoken out strongly in the past few months against Buddhist Myanmar over its handling of the violence in Rakhine and the Rohingyas ' plight .
But rights groups say Malaysia , which has not signed the U.N. refugee convention , has been complicit in the abuse of Rohingya asylum-seekers because they are treated as illegal migrants with no official access to jobs , healthcare or education . They live in poverty working illegally in restaurants or construction sites .
The Malaysian government launched a project this month that enables 300 Rohingya people to be employed , a move welcomed by rights groups .
The Malaysian government did not return requests seeking comment for this story .
CHILD MARRIAGES ALLOWED
Child marriages are also tolerated in Muslim-majority Malaysia . Under Islamic law , Muslim girls under 16 can marry with permission from the Shariah court , though in the case of the Rohingya marriages in Malaysia there is no court involvement – Rohingya imams conduct them and while a marriage certificate is printed there is no indication it is a legal document under Malaysian law .
The girl who was married was taken to Kuantan , on Malaysia 's east coast , where they said they quickly learned that their new husband was controlling and abusive . They confiscated their mobile phone and did not allow their family to see them They were left alone for days in the house .
Eight months into the marriage , they reconnected with their parents and four younger siblings , and was rescued by their father , who had travelled to Kuantan to find them
The girl 's husband did not respond to calls seeking comment for this story .
They now live with their family in a one-room shack in a small village on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur .
While they feel safer now , they said they were afraid that they may have to return to their husband , who has refused to grant them a divorce .
Sharifah Shakirah , a refugee themselves and founder of the Rohingya Women Development Network , said Rohingyas have no legal status in Malaysia , and their marriages are not recognised . This can make it harder for law enforcement to intervene in domestic abuse cases , even when they involve children .
`` To ask help from lawyers and police is not easy because they ( Rohingyas ) do n't have legal status . Even when cases of child brides are reported , the police do n't take action , '' said Sharifah , who provides help and counselling to Rohingya women .
'LIFE OF DIGNITY '
According to UN statistics , some 56,000 Rohingya are living in Malaysia , although migrant groups say the number is much higher as many are undocumented . The community is mainly spread across impoverished suburbs around the capital Kuala Lumpur .
For young men in this small , marginalized community , finding a partner and having a family is a way of elevating their social status and having a normal life , according to Rohingya men interviewed by Reuters .
The lack of eligible women in Rohingya communities in Malaysia has created a demand for brides , while some families see marriage as a way to reduce their financial burdens , said Belal Hossain Shamia , 32 , a Rohingya father of three in Kuala Lumpur whose sister was a child bride .
A former trafficking agent , a Rohingya man identified only as Ali , told Reuters there is a growing demand for Rohingya brides . Smuggling syndicates can get up to 7,000 ringgits for each girl 's release to their family or sale to a man .
Ali kept guard at a jungle trafficking camp near the Thai-Malaysian border . They said women and girls travelling alone or whose families were unable to pay the release fees were sold .
`` There were girls there who were about 15 or 16 . They have no choice ... '' they said .
Yasmin Zokir Ahmad , 18 , recalled how their husband , a Rohingya who worked as a grass-cutter in Kuala Lumpur , paid a trafficking agent 3,500 ringgits to marry their two years ago .
This was after a harrowing nine-month journey to Malaysia , which included a voyage by sea and a long period in a Thai jungle camp where they were often denied food or water .
`` I did n't have a choice . I needed to marry them because I need support and protection , and I want to live a life of dignity , '' Yasmin said . Them husband declined to comment .
With over 600 awaiting execution in various prisons over drug related offences across the world , Nigeria has resolved to continue engaging Saudi Arabian in negotiating the fate of those on death row for drug trafficking .
The Minister of Foreign Affairs , Mr Geoffrey Onyeama , said in Abuja on Friday there were no fewer than 25 Nigerian drug suspects held in several prisons in Saudi Arabia .
The report indicated that 15 of the suspects were on death row , while three had been executed , leading to a call on Federal Government to intervene .
Onyeama , however , said necessary steps were being taken by Federal Government to engage Saudi Arabian authorities on the matter .
They explained that “ regarding Nigerians on death row abroad , we have made very strong intercession over the issue with government of those countries to review the cases and not to execute them .
“ However , you know that there is a limit because these are sovereign countries which have their rules and laws .
The Legal Defence and Assistance Project ( LEDAP ) , a human rights organisation , had reported that more than 600 Nigerians in South-East Asia countries are awaiting the hangman .
The revelations highlight the increasing desperation of some Nigerians in the narcotic trade .
More Nigerians are pouring across the borders with hard drugs in spite of the sophistication in technology as well as the stiff punishment mapped out to curb the illegal business .
The boom in the illegal trade perhaps speaks to the fact that the country 's law enforcement agencies still have much work on their hands .
Aside Saudi Arabia , Malaysia , Thailand and Indonesia are evidently among the active drug routes ,
Some 120 Nigerians were reportedly on death row in Chinese prisons , due mainly to peddling in narcotics .
According to reports , about 16,500 Nigerians are pinning away in various prisons across the world , most of them on drug–related cases .
According to Mr. Chino Obiagwu , National Coordinator of LEPAD , the government “ has not shown reasonable interest in the plight of these Nigerians in foreign land . ”
They said many of the convicts were subjected to summary trials and convicted without the benefit of legal counsel .
Yes , “ Riverdale. ” This is how an episode of your show should be . After last week 's clunker , “ Riverdale ” ( 2017– ) was in desperate need of a return to its wacky , nonsensical roots . And thankfully , this week delivered on all fronts . This episode had it all : inappropriate sexual encounters , Cheryl acting insane , teen detective work , the reintroduction of a love triangle and one of the most cringeworthy scenes in the history of television . By the end of the hour , “ Chapter 21 : House of the Devil ” had solidified itself as one of the best episodes of season two , if not the entire series . Archie even got to sing again ( albeit briefly ) .
Right off the bat , we get a Varchie hookup montage . We were not subjected to another shower scene ( no one had just been shot , so it must not have felt like the right time for Veronica ) , but we did get a nice view of them “ making it ” on the floor in front of a fireplace in the Pembrooke . Ah , to be young and in love . Except wait , when Archie said the “ L ” word on said floor , Veronica was unable to reciprocate . Oh well , nothing a little distraction ca n't fix , right ? For them , that distraction proved to be a mass murder investigation and more TV-14 sex . Got ta love The CW .
The pair is investigating the murder of the Riverdale Reaper , who years before killed a family of four . Apparently , the former sheriff obsessed over this case up until their death and spent many nights at the crime scene , the abandoned house on the outskirts of town that just so happens to be the same location that the Black Hood sent Betty a few weeks before . Now the gang is certain that there 's a connection between the Riverdale Reaper and the Black Hood .
Archie and Veronica arrive at the house at night ( of course they decide to go to the “ devil 's house ” after dark , it 's just common sense ) and fairly quickly discover an essential part of the case : There were actually three children , not two , in the family , meaning that one of them survived the massacre . Archie and Veronica find out that the surviving child was given a new identity for protection and adopted into another family . From there they piece together that the young boy grew up to be none other than the creepy lurker janitor . Well , that explains their random airtime the past two weeks .
Janitor Svenson explains to Archie and Veronica that they actually had been able to identify the shooter after escaping out the window , and a group of men finds the Reaper and killed him . Wow , these kids cracked the entire case in 24 hours , while the former sheriff spent decades trying to figure out what happened . What is wrong with the law enforcement in this town ?
Veronica is now convinced that Svenson is the Black Hood , but Archie points out that they do n't have the Black Hood 's trademark green eyes . Seems like that 's the end of that , but later , we see Svenson looking at a photo of a group of men , possibly the same men who supposedly took care of the Reaper ? So maybe the connection to the Black Hood has something to do with these guys . That or the janitor just wears colored contacts .
In other news , Cheryl is still stalking Josie and is almost definitely in love with them This love manifests itself by way of an oiled-up massage Cheryl gives Josie in the locker room . Casual .
Notice that Betty has not been involved in any of the teen detective work this week , which we all know is normally their bread and butter . Well , that 's because Jughead 's dad has just gotten out of jail , and so not only does Betty want to be there to support FP , but they also decide to throw them a retirement party after they announce that they are going to leave the Serpents . The only thing Betty loves more than investigating murders is party-planning .
Okay , this party . First of all , Archie tells Veronica it 's totally okay if they do n't feel ready to say “ I love you , ” but when their reverse psychology does n't work and Veronica still does n't say it back , they get upset . Not upset enough , however , to stop Archie from performing Veronica 's favorite karaoke song with them on stage : “ Mad World ” ( 1982 ) . Veronica , why is this your favorite karaoke song ? It 's barely in your register , and oh , it 's also a huge bummer .
Distressed about their situation with Archie , Veronica flees the stage partway through the song , and Archie quickly chases after them This prompts Betty to take the stage for what may truly be a watershed moment for the show , at the very least for the character of Betty . There is no coming back from what follows . Earlier in the episode , Betty had decided they wanted to join the Serpents to support Jughead , and Toni Topaz informed them that while the initiation for the boys involved holding a snake and getting punched a lot , the girls had to perform a striptease . What a feminist organization .
So you can guess what happens at the party . Betty takes the stage and picks up where Archie and Veronica left off , singing “ Mad World. ” ( Side note : Betty can sing ? ) All of a sudden , she 's unbuttoning them shirt . Oh no , Betty , sweetie , where did your skirt go ? Next thing you know , she 's wearing only black , lacy lingerie and heading over to the stripper pole . “ Mad World ” is still playing . They then performs a very uncomfortable , sort of lethargic striptease in front of everyone at the party , including their mother . It is a sight from which human eyes may never recover . Calling it secondhand embarrassment does n't even begin to do justice to the feeling of horror that came from watching this performance . The writers of “ Riverdale , ” along with whoever chose “ Mad World ” as the perfect stripping song for Betty , are seriously sick .
Finally , it 's over , but for Jughead the problems are just beginning . Not only did they just have to watch their girlfriend strip in front of a room full of strangers , but now they find out that their dad ca n't retire from the Serpents after all . FP informs Jug that they found out about their little drug-delivering deal with Penny Peabody , and even though it breaks their heart that Jughead did the one thing FP told them not to do , FP decides to save their son and re-enter the Serpents , taking Jughead 's place . And to make things worse , FP , who started off the episode as a sober man , took a shot right in front of Jughead as they were surrounded by fellow Serpents . Poor Juggy , accidentally ruining their dad 's life . Although to be fair , FP used to be a pretty awful father ( remember , Jughead was basically homeless and living at the drive-in , and then FP was an accessory in Jason Blossom 's murder ) , so it 's a little unclear why he 's guilt-tripping Jughead so much right now .
This all still makes Jughead feel like their involvement with the Serpents is bringing everyone around them down , so they end things with Betty , explaining they do n't want to ruin their life too . ( Hopefully no one got any video of their dance , otherwise their life may be ruined regardless . )
But that 's not all . Veronica and Archie can not recover from this “ I love you ” situation , leading Veronica to tearfully leave Archie standing in a parking lot . And so it seems like two relationships got the axe tonight . Kevin is going to lose it when they find out at school .
The last moments of the episode , however , show Archie gazing out their window at Betty , seeing the girl next door “ as if for the very first time. ” Cue Taylor Swift 's “ You Belong With Me ” ( 2008 ) . ( Okay , that did n't play , but it really would have been perfect . Someone get Archie some paper and a Sharpie . )
What a wild ride this week 's episode was . Wednesday is the winter finale , and hopefully big reveals regarding the Black Hood are on the way . If they keep up the crazy from this week and throw in just a bit of murder , this coming episode might be just enough to get us through the hiatus .
“ Riverdale ” airs on Wednesdays at 8 p.m. on The CW . Full episodes are available on cwtv.com and Netflix .
Asian shares rallied and the dollar firmed on Tuesday after North Korea 's leader signaled that they would delay plans to fire a missile near Guam , further easing tensions and prompting investors to move back into riskier assets .
TOKYO : Asian shares rallied and the dollar firmed on Tuesday after North Korea 's leader signaled that they would delay plans to fire a missile near Guam , further easing tensions and prompting investors to move back into riskier assets .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan edged up 0.2 percent , with South Korea up 0.6 percent and Australia 0.7 percent .
Japan 's Nikkei stock index rose 1.2 percent , with a tailwind from a weaker yen . The yen tends to gain in times of crisis on assumptions that Japanese investors will repatriate assets .
On Wall Street on Monday , U.S. stocks recovered from last week 's selloff , when fears of conflict between the United States and North Korea helped wipe out nearly US $ 1 trillion from global equity markets . The S & P 500 posted its biggest one-day percentage gain since April .
North Korea 's leader Kim Jong-un received a report from their army on its plans to fire missiles toward Guam and said they will watch the actions of the United States for a while longer before making a decision , the North 's official news agency said on Tuesday .
U.S. President Donald Trump did not have any fresh words for Pyongyang , but Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned on Monday that the U.S. military would be prepared to intercept a missile fired by North Korea if it was headed to Guam .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` We have North Korea saying they will wait , and Trump not saying anything at all , compared to their past promise of 'fire and fury , ' '' said Mitsuo Imaizumi , chief FX strategist at Daiwa Securities .
`` That added up to good news for the dollar , bad news for the yen , '' they said .
The dollar was up 0.4 percent at 110.06 yen , pulling further away from last week 's eight-week low , while the euro gained 0.4 percent to 129.69 yen .
The euro was flat on the day against the dollar at US $ 1.1784 , while the dollar index , which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals , added 0.1 percent to 93.476 .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Against the Swiss franc the dollar edged higher , after jumping more than 1 percent on Monday .
The dollar rose as traders unwound their bearish bets made last week after Friday 's disappointing U.S. inflation data dampened expectations that the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates again this year .
New York Fed President William Dudley said that it was not unreasonable to think the central bank would begin trimming its US $ 4.2 trillion balance sheet in September and hike rates again this year , provided economic data holds up .
Crude oil futures steadied after tumbling more than 2.5 percent on Monday in volatile trade .
U.S. crude futures rose 1 cent to US $ 47.60 a barrel . Brent crude added 2 cents to US $ 50.75 .
Spot gold prices skidded 0.3 percent to US $ 1,277.66 an ounce , extending their fall from Monday when they shed half a percent .
( Reporting by Lisa Twaronite ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
El Club in Southwest Detroit is littered with glow sticks , blow-up palm trees , and balloons . A pair of DJs with skipper hats on are warming up the room with tech-house jams . A few people are already dancing . Unaware this was a themed party , I 've got a tiny umbrella in my gin and tonic .
The vibes are warm and fresh , and for a minute , I forget we 're in the middle of a Detroit winter . My friend picks up a balloon to volley across the room . The balloon says `` Humons . '' We smile to each other and watch it bounce from human to human until it finds an empty , human-less zone . Both of us track its slow and graceful surrender to the floor while activity whirls around us . So far this is what the night is — observing , human-watching — girls dressed in smart '90s rave garb , and boys in sweaters , Hawaiian leis , and knit caps .
Washed in a zig-zagging row of bright white lights , two figures emerge onstage . My focus locks on the mic where the man behind the music stands in a royal blue bomber jacket , accompanied by a drummer , who wears a neon green cap on top of a mess of long curly hair . Starting from their single , `` Underneath , '' the show progresses seamlessly , and by the end I 'm elbowing my friend , going , `` Who knew this would turn into a house show ! ''
Humons is the creation of Ardalan Sedghi aka Ardi . He 's unassuming , with an honest face and an effortlessness about him . He 's not trying to win your affection ; he 's here the same reason you are , to share something with the community they move within . There 's a feeling it was never their intention to get attention , yet here we are .
`` I 've been writing music since I was a young lad in middle school ... that would be around 2003 , '' Ardi says . `` Humons started in 2013 and that is the first time I had set to write and release music with some sort of intention or coherent theme . ''
Their setup is simple : a laptop for some backing tracks , a keyboard , a controller designated to a drum machine , and a small vocal effects box that 's locked on the mic stand . Oh yeah , and there 's the mic . Humons would be a complete one-man live operation if not for the addition of drummer Mike Higgins , which Ardi says , `` definitely stepped the live show up a notch . I 'm grateful to have their talent and energy onstage . ''
An eclectic mix of minimal electronic , pop , and experimental sonic animation — born from a process and method that continues to evolve with each track — Humons draws most of their influence from Detroit . `` We are blessed with some of the world 's best electronic music be it at Movement or at TV Lounge on any weekend , '' Ardi says .
At this El Club show , the material Humons is sharing is the recently released Spectrum EP — most of which was recorded at Ardi 's home studio , `` aka my bedroom , '' they say , `` but I did some additional recording at Assemble . '' The mixing and mastering for Spectrum EP were done at Assemble with producer/engineer Jon Zott ( Tunde Olaniran , JRJR , BØRNS , ect. ) . `` He is absolutely great to work with , '' Ardi says of Zott . `` He took the EP to the next level with their production prowess . ''
The album , while pristine in its original form , will be reimagined into a full package of remixes that will come out each week over the next five weeks . The first , a remix of `` Underneath '' by Detroit-based Mega Powers already dropped at the beginning of the month . Other Detroiters who will join the party are Jon Zott and Monty Luke . Elsewhere , there is Color War from New York and Diamondstein from Los Angeles . `` It 's a cool project for me , '' Ardi says , `` not only because I 'm a fan of what all of them are doing musically , but also because three of the five artists were involved with either Spectra EP itself or were a part of the EP release party . ''
Having lived in Detroit for the last five years , Ardi is cognizant of the limitations of such a city , as well as the undeniable benefits , which , at times feel like intangible energies rather than citable stats supporting the fact that Detroit is indeed growing from more of an artist `` launching pad '' to something of a viable `` home '' — meaning that artists wo n't have to keep leaving to expand their reach , their creativity , their income . But maybe leaving is also part of a necessary process , an experience that any creative might eventually embark upon . One has to remain open , become cultured , grown in a scope that is not always accessible so far removed from the entertainment capitals of the world . We 've all noticed a definite shift , growth , and rebirth in Detroit over the years , but I was curious of Ardi 's thoughts on what has changed to alter the struggle . The fan base ? Raise the ceiling ? I had to ask .
`` As with most places there 's definitely pros and cons , '' Adri says . `` It 's easy to survive as an artist financially and there is a lot of hidden talent here , but it 's hard to grow beyond a certain level because the industry has n't been around for a while and there simply are n't that many folks living in the city to build a local following . ''
If that sounds like the same old problems , well they are , but Ardi seems confident that things are gaining important momentum .
`` In the past , it 's felt a bit isolated in terms of everybody just doing their own thing , but I think that 's starting to change , especially with groups like Assemble Sound , '' they say . `` I 'm definitely hopeful about the music scene here , as we start building resources and connections — helping our local talent develop into its potential . ''
That said , Ardi is playing it safe — Humons is n't a full-time gig . `` Both from a financial and a personal standpoint , I do n't think it 's the move for me right now , '' they say .
Not surprisingly , being able to support yourself as a full-time artist is one of those unicorns of the industry — a fantasy for most , rare way of life for some — those who have talent , luck , dedication , and an amazing work ethic on their side . That said , sometimes that part-time job is fuel too — offers balance . We 've always been a working-class city . Maybe that balance of jobby-job and artist is unique to what makes Detroit artists such an impressive breed — as it 's a lifestyle that begs respect rather than the opposite .
`` I have been putting in more energy and time into it since about last October leading up to the release of Spectra EP , '' Ardi says . The opportunity was there to keep on keeping on — a natural progression of well-timed successes and good live shows that has allowed Humons the pleasure of riding out that wave .
As for the future , Ardi is n't making any predictions , just figuring out their personal evolution as it goes . `` I 'm getting more and more interested in dance being a main goal as it relates to live shows , '' they say . `` There is such a great energy that comes with a group of people dancing together . ''
This interest will likely translate to the next batch of songs he 's writing alongside asupervisorstioned co-producer Jon Zott and drummer Michael Higgins . This year they 'll all be in the midst of creation , getting heady in the studio , having fun , vetting out ideas , and learning in the process .
`` It 's a good challenge , '' Ardi says , `` and I think the result will be great with the live drums and synth takes . '' They hope to have a new album available by the end of the year .
Other than that , Humons is working on designing some T-shirts . As to their long-term plans , he 's keeping it pretty loose . Ardi does n't imagine a typical music career for themselves — atypical is more of their flavor anyway , but their goal maintains a basic simplicity . `` I want to keep writing music , getting better , playing live shows , and building an audience so that the music is being heard and enjoyed . ''
The tracks mentioned in this article can be found at soundcloud.com/ humons .
TOKYO : Asian stocks rose early on Wednesday as Wall Street set record highs overnight after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen spoke in support of an interest rate hike next month , while the dollar hovered near three-week highs .
Yellen said on Tuesday that the Fed will probably need to raise interest rates at an upcoming meeting in March , and that delaying rate increases could leave the Fed 's policymaking committee behind the curve .
Yellen 's comments boosted U.S. bank stocks , helping push Wall Street indexes to record highs overnight .
The rise in U.S. stocks nudged MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan to a 19-month high . The index was up 0.3 percent early on Wednesday .
`` Fundamentally , the U.S. banks are simply being used as a vehicle to express reflation and 'Trumponomics ' , '' wrote Chris Weston , chief market strategist at IG in Melbourne .
`` Although last night really belonged to Janet Yellen whose prepared comments that waiting too long to tighten would be 'unwise ' and a further review its policy stance will take place at its upcoming meetings . ''
Japan 's Nikkei added 1 percent and Australian stocks rose 0.9 percent .
In currencies , the dollar index against a basket of major currencies stood at 101.230 , near a three-week high of 101.380 scaled overnight as investors reassessed the possibility of the Fed hiking interest three times this year following Yellen 's comments .
U.S. interest rate futures implied traders saw about a 41 percent chance of at least three rate increases in 2017 , up from a 33 percent chance on Monday , CME Group 's FedWatch program showed .
The greenback was a shade higher at 114.370 yen after gaining about 0.5 percent the previous day , when it rose to a two-week high of 114.500 . The euro was steady at US $ 1.0576 after slipping to a one-month trough of US $ 1.0561 overnight .
The dollar was supported as U.S. Treasury yields rose on the Fed Chair 's comments , with the benchmark 10-year note yield climbing about four basis points to an 11-day high the previous day .
The stronger dollar , which puts non-U.S. buyers of dollar-denominated commodities at a disadvantage , weighed on crude oil prices .
U.S. crude was down 0.3 percent at US $ 53.07 a barrel . Crude already came under pressure the previous day on evidence of surging U.S. stockpiles .
Spot gold was little changed at US $ 1,228.00 an ounce after paring its gains the previous day on a firmer dollar .
( Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro ; Editng by Eric Meijer )
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Advertisement
The Jigawa State Government says it has clustered 1,000 youth to cultivate 500 hectares of land for the cultivation of rice in Miga and Kaugama Local Government Areas of the state .
Special Assistant to Governor Muhammad Badaru on Rice Production and Value Change , Alhaji Jamilu Usaman-Danmalam , stated this in an interview , in Dutse , on Tuesday .
Usman-Danmalam also said that the youth would be engaged to grow rice on the state government-owned Fadama sites in Tsagewa , Yalo , Damomuwa , Jamaga and Kurgel villages of the two LGAs .
They further said the sites were cleared and demarcated , adding that two youths were engaged to cultivate two hectares .
The governor 's aide also told NAN that the exercise would be conducted under the state government 's Cluster Farming Scheme , initiated to empower youths become self reliant .
According to him , government has concluded all arrangements for the exercise , adding that all the inputs are on ground .
Usman-Danmalam further said 1,700 tube wells had been sunk by the state government at the FADAMA sites to ensure availability of water for the rice cultivation .
“ We have gone far in compiling the names of the beneficiaries and as soon as we are through , we will distribute the items for them to commence .
Advertisement
‘ ‘ This is part of plans by this administration , under Gov . Muhammed Badaru , to empower and encourage youths , to go into farming .
“ The scheme will enable the beneficiaries become self-reliant ; it will also make agriculture attractive and acceptable to youths in the state .
“ It is also to encourage dry season rice production under the state 's government cluster/group farming initiative .
The governor 's aide promised that the state government would provide the youth with seeds , fertiliser , insecticide , water pumps and fuel at subsidised prices .
The Jigawa State Government is also executing similar programme in Birninkudu Local Government Area , where it empowered 400 youths to cultivate 200 hectares of rice .
The programme is being done on the state-owned Farara-Zuma Fadama site in the area .
According to the special assistant , the youth would pay back the soft loan after they must have cultivated and sold the rice .
‘ ‘ After the exercise , the off-takers will come and buy from the youth , then , we will take our money for the provision of farm inputs .
‘ 'The youth will get their share too , '' they said .
Bay City Western girls win 15 of 16 track and field events
AUBURN — The Bay City Western girls ' track and field team won 15 of 16 events Tuesday in a Saginaw Valley League meet with Flint Southwestern-Academy and Saginaw Arthur Hill .
Western totaled 135 points to 12 for Arthur Hill and nine for Flint .
Morgan Witzgall led the way with three individual wins — in the 100 meters ( 13.25 seconds ) , 400 ( 1:05.61 ) , and high jump ( 4 feet , 8 inches ) .
Winning two events were Cassidy Jankens in the 800 ( 2:42.75 ) and 1,600 ( 5:57.07 ) ; Hala Henman in the 100 hurdles ( 17.67 ) and 300 hurdles ( 52.62 ) ; and Addison Bouza in the shot put ( 33-1 ) and discus ( 85-8 ) .
Emma Adcock won the pole vault ( 7-6 ) . Payton Boswell won the long jumpo ( 13-4 ) .
Western swept the relays , running 56.60 in the 400 , 1:54.77 in the 800 , 4:46.09 in the 1,600 and 12:40.10 in the 3,200 .
Western 's boys also won with 89.5 points . Flint had 42 , and Arthur Hill had 31.5 .
Matthew Przepiora and Cole Nickless tied for first in the 800 ( 2:14.9 ) . Przepiora also won the 1,600 ( 5:07.47 ) .
Collin Syring won the shot put ( 40-4 ) . Wade Witzgall won the discus ( 121-4 ) . Braydon Welch won the pole vault ( 9-6 ) .
Western won two relays , the 1,600 ( 3:56.62 ) and 3,200 ( 9:53.70 ) .
New Delhi : Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping will not sign any agreements or issue a joint statement at the Wuhan summit this week but they will try to build mutual trust and reach important consensus to resolve the outstanding issues , a top Chinese official said on Tuesday .
Modi will travel to China on 27 April for an informal summit with president Xi in the central China 's Wuhan city .
`` Both sides have agreed not to sign an agreement or release any joint document but reach important consensus to resolve outstanding issues , '' Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Kong Xuanyou told the media on the two-day summit .
This informal summit is the first of its kind and there is no precedent in each other 's country , they said , explaining why both the leaders opted to hold the summit .
`` At the informal summit , the two leaders will have heart-to-heart discussions on overarching issues and try to build mutual trust and consensus to resolve outstanding differences , '' Kong said .
Asked whether the Doklam issue and the boundary dispute will figure in the talks , Kong said Doklam happened because of lack of trust .
`` The two countries need to create conditions and trust between them to resolve the boundary issue , '' they added .
BERLIN : German Chancellor Angela Merkel signalled on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) that they were prepared to consider changes to a widely criticised new law that aims to rid social media of hate speech .
The legislation , which came into force on Jan 1 , can impose fines of up to €50 million ( US $ 60.1 million ) on sites that fail to remove hate speech promptly , sparking concerns that Twitter , Facebook and other social media platforms could block more content than necessary .
`` Of course we 're now looking at what consequences this law has and what happens , and we 'll definitely evaluate it too , '' Merkel said in their weekly video podcast .
`` It might be the case that we need to make changes to it but the basic approach that we need rules is absolutely right and necessary , '' they said , without giving further details .
Germany has some of the world 's toughest laws covering defamation , public incitement to commit crimes and threats of violence , with prison sentences for Holocaust denial or inciting hatred against minorities . But few online cases are prosecuted .
Merkel said the internet was not a legal vacuum and the new law ensured that platform operators were responsible for the content that they disseminated .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Opposition parties have condemned the law , saying it was wrong for private companies to be making decisions about whether posts are unlawful .
Top-selling Bild newspaper has also called for it to be scrapped , saying it was stifling free speech and making martyrs out of anti-immigrant politicians whose posts are deleted .
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) — Buffalo Bills General Manager Doug Whaley is speaking to the media following the end of the season . This is the first we are hearing from team management since former head coach Rex Ryan was fired ahead of Sunday 's game against the Jets . The Bills finished 7-9 and are again eliminated from the playoffs .
Advertisement
GENEVA : A U.N. human rights panel urged the United States on Monday to end widespread detention of would-be immigrants including asylum-seekers , saying the practice has `` grown exponentially '' and violates international law .
The holding of migrants and would-be refugees in custody is often `` punitive , unreasonably long , unnecessary and costly '' and should be used only as a last resort , the panel said in a 23-page report to the United Nations Human Rights Council .
Each year , an estimated 352,850 people are detained across the United States pending the outcome of their immigration proceedings at a cost of about US $ 2 billion , it said .
The independent experts , who form the U.N. working group on arbitrary detention , were reporting on their mission last October at the invitation of the Obama administration .
`` The Working Group is of the view that all administrative detention , in particular of immigrants in an irregular situation , should be in accordance with international human rights law ; and that such detention is to be a measure of last resort , necessary and proportionate and be not punitive in nature , and that alternatives to detention are to be sought whenever possible , '' the report said .
In Washington , the Department of Homeland Security did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the findings .
Advertisement
Advertisement
President Donald Trump has backed legislation to crack down on illegal immigrants , describing it as vital to protect American lives .
The U.N. experts interviewed 280 detainees during their visits to nine prisons in Texas , California and Illinois . Some were remote locations with limited access to legal services .
They reported seeing immigrants and asylum seekers held in `` punitive conditions '' comparable to those of convicted criminals despite their right to seek asylum under international law .
In some cases , the length of detention pending immigration proceedings was `` unreasonable '' , lasting from six months to more than one year without resolution .
The experts voiced concern at Trump 's executive order in January and an implementing memorandum that `` lay the groundwork for expanding the existing detention system by increasing the number of individuals subject to immigration detention '' .
`` Under the order , apprehended individuals may be detained 'on suspicion ' of violating federal or state law , which includes unauthorised entry , '' they said .
They received information in March that the Department of Homeland Security was considering separating children from parents caught crossing the border , `` in an attempt to deter illegal immigration from Mexico , '' they said .
`` This is particularly serious given the increasing trend of unaccompanied children migrating to escape violence and reunite with family members . ''
( Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
KALAMAZOO , Mich. ( WOOD ) — You may have heard about human trafficking . But what is it , exactly , and how prevalent is it in West Michigan ?
“ It is prevalent , ” said Sgt . Scott Morrison with Michigan State Police . “ We do have complaints that come in at park ‘ n ' rides or in rest areas . ”
Human trafficking may sound like a problem happening in a developing country , but Morrison says it happens in our own backyard .
“ It 's a reusable product , ” explained Morrison . “ It is n't like narcotics . ”
What do human traffickers in West Michigan look like ?
“ It could be an aunt , it could be an uncle , it could be a parent , it could be a close friend , ” Morrison said .
Cathy Knauf is the founder and director of the Southwest Michigan Human Trafficking Task Force . They and Morrison both say human traffickers manipulate the most vulnerable , oftentimes young people or even children looking for validation or just a place to call home .
“ A trafficker is very keen on understanding what your vulnerabilities are , ” Knauf says .
Morrison explained the process of a trafficker building trust .
“ They 'll buy them things , they 'll tell them to do things for them , ” said Morrison . “ And they 'll gain their trust and basically talk them into providing a service for them for money . ”
The problem creates a possible solution .
“ The easiest way to stop human trafficking would be to stop vulnerability , ” Knauf says . “ So , if we could make our children and our youth and our adults not become vulnerable to things , we could stop human trafficking . ”
Find more information on the Southwest Michigan Human Trafficking Force on its website .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
BEIJING : `` Reciprocity '' has become the new buzzword in the U.S. business community in China , with some industry leaders saying they would welcome a tougher approach from the Trump administration in opening up the markets of the world 's second-largest economy .
It 's a striking shift within the American community here , which had long lobbied Washington against taking more aggressive policies , fearing they could draw retribution from China 's leaders .
President Donald Trump 's picks for Commerce Secretary and Trade Representative , Wilbur Ross and Robert Lighthizer , have in the past backed the reciprocity principle when it comes to China : that Beijing should provide the same access and benefits to American business in China that Washington gives the Chinese in the United States .
`` Our membership has moved to some extent in that direction as well , in advocating a firmer posture with respect to China , '' said Lester Ross , chairperson of the American Chamber of Commerce in China 's policy committee .
They made the remarks in January after the group issued a report that found over 60 percent of the chamber 's members had `` little or no confidence that the Chinese government is committed to opening markets further in the next three years '' .
Many sectors of China 's economy are either off limits or severely restricted to foreign investors .
Foreign banks in China , for example , account for less than 2 percent of total assets , according to the China Banking Regulatory Commission .
A 50-percent ownership cap for foreign life insurers , despite China 's 2001 World Trade Organization commitments to lift it , has helped limit their market share to about 6 percent .
China 's Anbang Insurance Group , on the other hand , has spent more than US $ 8 billion acquiring U.S. assets , including the Waldorf Astoria Hotel and Strategic Hotels & Resorts . It is still waiting for regulatory approval to buy U.S. life insurer Fidelity & Guaranty Life for US $ 1.6 billion .
`` CHINA HAS OVERREACHED ''
The same imbalances can be seen in sectors such as automotives , payment cards and technology .
China 's Geely Holding Group bought Volvo from Ford Motor Co. in 2010 , but foreign companies are required to set up joint ventures to assemble vehicles in China , often transferring technology in the process .
While China 's UnionPay has grown to become the world 's largest payment card , according to the number of cards issued , U.S. credit card operators Visa and MasterCard have yet to be independently licensed to clear transactions in China , despite a 2012 WTO ruling mandating that Beijing open the sector .
Foreign technology hardware and service providers are bristling at requirements to meet the restrictive terms of newly minted cybersecurity regulations . Beijing 's `` Made in China 2025 '' plan also calls for a progressive increase in domestic parts used in priority sectors , such as advanced information technology and robotics to 70 percent by 2025 .
James McGregor , Chairman of APCO Worldwide , Greater China , said the idea of some form of reciprocity is gaining traction , particularly in combating `` techno-nationalism '' . `` You 've got Chinese companies that have protected markets and make loads of money and then they are going out and doing international acquisitions that could destroy other companies , '' McGregor said . `` Now China has overreached so much they have alienated much of the business community . ''
McGregor said U.S. policymakers had to figure out how to use America 's openness and rule of law to deal with China , instead of allowing them to become vulnerabilities . The question is how to craft a reciprocity policy without destabilizing bilateral relations or triggering a retaliatory backlash against U.S. businesses in China .
Chinese state media has warned that U.S. businesses could be targets in any trade war that Trump may unleash - they have threatened to label China a currency manipulator and slap heavy tariffs on Chinese goods .
China 's Ministry of Commerce did not respond to a request for comment on the issue of reciprocity .
But Tu Xinquan , a trade expert at Beijing 's University of International Business and Economics , said Trump 's options would be limited by their promises to create jobs .
`` If you close the door to Chinese investments , that 's not good for American employment , '' Tu said .
BAD POLICY
One way to achieve reciprocity would be to use the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ( CFIUS ) security review process to wall off industries where U.S. businesses face discrimination in China . But most experts see that as straying too far from the free market orthodoxy that has drawn investment and jobs to the United States for decades .
James Zimmerman , a Beijing-based lawyer with Sheppard Mullin and a former chairperson of the American Chamber of Commerce in China , said strict reciprocity would be bad policy and against the U.S. system of open investment .
`` We need to be very careful what we ask for , '' Zimmerman said .
Proponents argue reciprocity does not violate free market principles , but is a needed intervention due to a market failure , much as the government uses antitrust policy to crack down on cartels .
Thilo Hanemann , in a Rhodium Group report to the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission , said simple calls for reciprocity are `` misguided '' . But , they added , if China 's `` commingling of commercial and political motives is not resolved , then a new chapter in U.S. – and global – competition policy activism may be required . ''
( Reporting by Michael Martina and Matthew Miller in BEIJING ; Editing by Bill Tarrant )
To the Editor :
My wife and I are a retired couple in our 70s with income from Social Security and retirement savings only . I decided to see how the so-called “ middle class tax cut ” would affect us personally , so I used the 2018 tax rates and rules and 2017 income to estimate our tax liability for next year . I was surprised to discover that my taxes will go up 30 percent next year . I hope Mr. Trump and their billionaire friends can put it to good use . Even though the standard deduction was raised , the personal exemption was eliminated altogether .
I have been an Independent most of my life and have voted for both major party candidates and some third-party candidates . This year , I 'm supporting any candidate who is opposed to the dangerous and inhuman policies of Mr. Trump . One of those candidates is Matthew Guyette whose running for U.S. Congress in the Democratic primary .
I encourage you to check them our at Guyetteforcongress.com .
— Frank Hatten
Piqua
This fall British Columbians will have a chance to vote on electoral reform .
On Wednesday , Attorney General David Eby presented a report to the provincial cabinet that includes recommendations on what the questions should be for the upcoming referendum .
Eby is recommending two separate questions .
Which should British Columbia use for elections to the Legislative Assembly ? The current First Past the Post voting system
A proportional representation voting system If British Columbia adopts a proportional representation voting system , which of the following voting systems do you prefer ? Dual Member Proportional ( DMP )
Mixed Member Proportional ( MMP )
Rural-Urban PR
On the first question , British Columbians can only vote for one option and the winner needs 50 per cent of the vote plus one .
READ MORE : B.C . 's Attorney General recommending 2 ballot questions for electoral reform referendum
On the second question , British Columbians can rank the three choices or select one , two or three options . If none of the three gets a majority of first-choice votes , then the option that receives the fewest first-choice votes is dropped from further consideration .
But what do those systems actually mean ?
Elections BC will be responsible for providing information to the public on the different systems , including the current first-past-the-post system ( FPTP ) . For now , the best explanations of the possible electoral systems are contained inside an informational binder handed over to cabinet .
Dual Member Proportional ( DMP )
This system of proportional representation ( PR ) is described as the most basic one being proposed .
In DMP most of B.C . 's existing ridings would be merged with a neighbouring riding to create two member districts .
The largest rural districts would remain unchanged as single-member ridings . Political parties would nominate up to two candidates per electoral district .
In an election , one seat in a dual-member district would go to the candidate who got the most votes , as under the current system . But the second seat would be allocated based on province-wide voting results and the individual districts .
This system tends to have proportional results province-wide , but not necessarily in each district . Independent candidates are elected if they place first or second in an electoral district .
READ MORE : More fair ? Or less accountable ? The cases for and against proportional representation in B.C .
Where it can get complicated is who wins the second seat in this model . The runner-up in an electoral district may not receive the second seat because it would be distributed to achieve province-wide proportionality .
“ DMP is a relatively simple system to understand and for voters to use , ” reads the submission . “ The election ballot would change little from the current voting system . ”
This model would see between the current 87 and 95 MLAs . A political party must receive at least five per cent of the province-wide vote to be eligible for the second seat in any district .
WATCH HERE : What are the possible B.C . electoral reform referendum questions ?
Mixed Member Proportional ( MMP )
This system combines elements of the current first-past-the-post system and ‘ List PR ' systems that allocate seats on a regional or provincial level .
The system would create two different types of MLAs : those who are elected directly in a riding , and those elected or chosen regionally from parties ' lists .
The total number of seats a party gets in the legislature is based on how that party does in the province-wide vote . After all of the MLAs in traditional ridings are decided , the number of seats a party gets in the legislature is ‘ topped up ' from the their party list so that their percentage of seats matches the percentage of votes they won .
The actual representatives who fill the List PR seats are either elected directly or allocated from the parties ' list of candidates . Those lists could be either open or closed to the public .
It is likely this system would see the current number of electoral districts reduced do make way for the List PR seats . At least 60 per cent of the total seats would be from the traditional single-member electoral districts .
“ MMP also provides for a relatively simple ballot with the possibility for voters to vote directly for candidates for both FPTP and List PR seats , ” reads the submission . “ MMP could be implemented with either no increase or a modest increase to the size of the Legislative Assembly . ”
Like the Dual Member system , MMP would include between the current 87 members and 95 members . The List PR seats would be allocated within defined regions . No region would have fewer MLAs than it currently does and a political party must receive at least five per cent of the province-wide vote to be eligible to receive List PR seats . Voters could have one vote , counting for both the local candidate and the List PR allocation , or two votes .
Elections BC would have to make some decisions on the list such as determining whether the order of candidates on the List PR ballot should be randomized or not .
Rural-Urban PR
This would be a mixed voting system that elects MLAs in two ways .
Single Transferable Vote ( STV ) , a type of ranked voting , would be used in urban and semi-urban areas , and the mixed member proportional system described above would be used in rural areas .
This is the most complex of the three proposed systems of PR . Rural-Urban PR is currently not used anywhere as a single integrated system .
The system would ensure proportionality in most areas of the province .
READ MORE : Opposition leaders in Quebec want to change the way you vote
Local representation in rural areas would be maintained with small to medium impact on the size of existing electoral districts .
The system would provide less proportional results in rural areas than in urban areas . The system could also see a high percentage of independent representatives , with more of them elected in STV regions .
“ Rural-Urban PR was developed to address the varied geographic and demographic needs of voters in the urban and rural areas of Canada , ” reads the submission . “ It can provide some proportionality in the most rural areas of the province while retaining comparable levels of local representation for those voters . ”
Like the other systems , the number of MLAs would be between the current 87 and 95 . The MMP regions would contain the same rules as the proposed MMP system for the entire province . The STV regions would use elements recommended by the previous Citizens ' Assembly on Electoral Reform .
READ MORE : Ottawa cuts short election reform debate to rush bill through before 2019 vote
First Past The Post
This is the current electoral system in British Columbia .
Each electoral district picks one MLA , and the candidate with the most votes becomes the riding 's representative .
The system does not produce proportional results , with parties getting around 40 per cent of the vote holding all the power in government .
Although the 2017 provincial election was a different story , this system often produces single-party majority governments .
Small-cap shares can no doubt be volatile , yet the upside is that they can offer the potential for substantial capital gains . Today I 'm running the rule over two small-caps that look like interesting opportunities . Amino Technologies The way we watch TV has changed dramatically in the last decade or so , and one company at the heart of this change is £140m market cap Amino Technologies ( LSE : AMO ) . Based in Cambridge , Amino is a global provider of digital TV entertainment and cloud solutions , and has developed a range of products and solutions designed to help broadband network operators deliver entertainment and associated connected home services…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you . The Motley Fool respects your privacy ! Please read our Privacy Statement .
Already a subscriber to our paid services ( e.g . Share Advisor , Pro , Hidden Winners ) ? Please login here .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
Small-cap shares can no doubt be volatile , yet the upside is that they can offer the potential for substantial capital gains . Today I 'm running the rule over two small-caps that look like interesting opportunities .
Amino Technologies
The way we watch TV has changed dramatically in the last decade or so , and one company at the heart of this change is £140m market cap Amino Technologies ( LSE : AMO ) .
Based in Cambridge , Amino is a global provider of digital TV entertainment and cloud solutions , and has developed a range of products and solutions designed to help broadband network operators deliver entertainment and associated connected home services to the consumer .
Shares in Amino have been on fire recently , gaining a huge 83 % over the last 12 months . Can this share price momentum continue ?
Amino reported excellent results in February , announcing that the successful integrations of two recent acquisitions had served to increase the company 's scale and helped to fuel strong revenue and profit growth over the past 12 months . Indeed , for the full year , revenue increased 80 % to £75.2m , including organic revenue growth of 7 % , adjusted profit before tax rose 96 % to £10.2m , and the dividend was increased by 10 % to 6.05p per share .
Management was upbeat about the future , stating that with a strong order book and an improved sales pipeline visibility for the first half of 2017 , the company is looking forward to “ further long-term sustainable profitable growth . ”
Small-cap companies are often less researched than larger companies , and in Amino 's case , just three analysts cover the stock . Consensus earnings of 13.2p for FY2017 place the company on a forward looking P/E of just 14.8 , an undemanding valuation for a fast-growing company operating in an exciting sector .
Amino also has dividend appeal , with last year 's payout of 6.05p equating to a yield of 3.1 % at the current share price . It 's also worth noting that the company has increased its dividend every year for the last five years .
Overall , Amino Technologies certainly looks like an attractive opportunity in the small-cap space and I believe the stock could offer further gains despite the recent share price momentum .
Alliance Pharmaceuticals
Another small-cap that looks interesting is £223m market cap Alliance Pharmaceuticals ( LSE : APH ) , a company involved in the acquisition , marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical products .
After the acquisition of Sinclair Pharma ‘ s Healthcare Products business in 2015 , sales and profits in 2016 were more than double the previous year , and the company now has significant geographical diversification , with sales being generated in over 100 countries .
City analysts forecast earnings growth of 6.5 % and 12 % for the next two years , and management recently stated that “ the current year has started well and we look forward to building on our foundations : an attractive , balanced portfolio , an expanded geographic footprint and a strong team. “
The healthcare sector has considerable long-term investment potential to my mind , with ageing populations and on-going medical advances set to underpin the sector 's growth in the years ahead . And on a forward looking P/E ratio of just 11.5 , with a dividend yield of 2.6 % , Alliance Pharmaceuticals looks like a small-cap stock that warrants closer inspection .
“ Shows like [ teen suicide drama ] 13 Reasons Why are very honest and raw and I 'm not sure you 'd find that on terrestrial TV and old school channels . Netflix has taken the model of [ US cable channel ] HBO , which revolutionised quality TV drama with shows like The Sopranos , and flown with it . ”
Organizers of the North American bid to host the 2026 World Cup insist FIFA members have not expressed concern about President Donald Trumps harsh words about foreigners or the U.S. Justice Department prosecuting corrupt soccer officials .
Look , this is not geopolitics ,  new U.S. Soccer Federation President Carlos Cordeiro said Monday during a conference call . Were talking about football and what fundamentally at the end of the day , whats the best interests of football and our footballing community , and weve had no backlash . Were very focused on the merits of our bid.
A joint bid by the United States , Mexico and Canada was submitted to FIFA on Friday along with a proposal by Morocco . The 207 other members of the international soccer governing body will vote on June 13 in Moscow .
Cordeiro , Mexican Football Federation President Decio de Maria and Canadian Soccer Association President Steven Reed spoke from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , where they were meeting with members of the Association of South East Asian Nations , a subset of the Asian Football Confederation .
Advertisement
A solo bid by the U.S. for the 2022 World Cup was favored going into the 2010 vote but lost to Qatar . FIFA then changed the vote rules to give the decision back to the entire membership , which chose hosts prior to 1986 , when the choice started being made by the roughly two dozen members of its executive committee .
We believe that the member associations are going to judge us on the quality of the bids , on the merits of our bid , and thats it ,  Reed said . Were very confident about what were putting forward , and I dont think that were concerned about politics.
Sixty games would be played in the U.S. under the bid plan , including all from the quarterfinals on . Three cities were included from Mexico and Canada , and both of those nations would host 10 games .
Holding a tournament in the U.S. would subject many of the documents generated to subpoena by U.S. federal prosecutors , who have secured numerous guilty pleas to corruption charges from soccer officials since 2015 and obtained convictions at trial last year against Juan Angel Napout , the former president of South American soccers governing body , and Jose Maria Marin , the former president of Brazils soccer federation .
We havent had any of those concerns raised by any of the members that weve met so far ,  Cordeiro said . The reforms that FIFA undertook some years ago I think were spot on and we feel very confident that ultimately the right decision will be made.
Moroccos bid envisions spending almost $ 16 billion , including $ 3 billion to construct nine new stadiums , refurbish five others and build or renovate 130 training grounds .
The North American bid proposed venues be selected from among 23 stadiums that exist or already are under construction , including three each in Mexico and Canada . Sixteen of the U.S. stadiums are sites of NFL teams .
The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflects the resources of the three countries ,  Cordeiro said . We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure , of cities and so on , and that reflects the 60 matches that we have on the table . But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA have asked for or have encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition.
Since the start of the year , the price of gold has risen by over 10 % . At least some of this gain is due to the greater uncertainty which is now present in global stock markets . Brexit has the potential to cause a period of difficulty not just for the UK , but also for the European and global economies . Similarly , President Trump 's expected spending plana could cause inflation to rise , which would make a store of wealth such as gold more attractive . Given this uncertain outlook and the potential for higher inflation , these two gold stocks could be worth a closer…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you . The Motley Fool respects your privacy ! Please read our Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
Since the start of the year , the price of gold has risen by over 10 % . At least some of this gain is due to the greater uncertainty which is now present in global stock markets . Brexit has the potential to cause a period of difficulty not just for the UK , but also for the European and global economies . Similarly , President Trump 's expected spending plana could cause inflation to rise , which would make a store of wealth such as gold more attractive .
Given this uncertain outlook and the potential for higher inflation , these two gold stocks could be worth a closer look .
Growth potential
Condor Gold ( LSE : CNR ) is a gold exploration company based in Nicaragua and El Salvador . It recently raised £4.9m in a placing and this is set to help it proceed with its current strategy . This is focused on seeking to fully permit Mina La India in Nicaragua for a 2,800tpd processing plant with capacity to produce around 100,000 oz of gold per annum . It will also seek to secure the surface rights for the rural land that hosts and surrounds the planned future mine infrastructure . Furthermore , it will seek to continue to demonstrate the significant exploration upside of the gold resource at the La India Project .
Clearly , Condor Gold is a relatively small exploration company . It remains lossmaking and is expected to have a red bottom line for the next couple of years . As such , it is a riskier proposition than a number of its larger sector peers . However , with its shares still being 30 % lower than they were five years ago and having the potential to rise should the gold price move upwards in future months , it could be worthy of consideration by long-term investors .
Improving performance
Also worth a look within the gold mining sector could be Petropavlovsk ( LSE : POG ) . Its performance in 2016 was relatively impressive , with the company increasing its annual gold production from 228,900 oz to 416,000 oz . Since its total cash costs for the year were around $ 700 per ounce and it has an all-in sustaining cash cost of around $ 800 per ounce , the company looks set to deliver improving profitability in future years given the rising gold price .
The deleveraging of the company 's balance sheet puts it in a stronger position to deliver sustainable growth in future . Its capital expenditure plans for the coming year appear to be sensible , with $ 30m due to be spent . With gold production set to rise further this year to between 420,000 oz and 460,000 oz and a similar cash cost to last year , its financial performance could improve even if gold fails to match its recent price rise in future .
Certainly , Petropavlovsk remains a relatively risky and potentially volatile stock to hold . However , with improving business performance and the scope for a higher gold price , it could prove to be a rewarding stock in 2017 and beyond . And with its shares trading on a price-to-earnings ( P/E ) ratio of 17.8 , it seems to offer relatively enticing value for money for the long term .
Mark Hamill and Daisy Ridley step out at the `` Star Wars : The Last Jedi '' premiere at L.A. 's Shrine Auditorium on Saturday .
Given the early raves director Rian Johnson 's “ Star Wars : The Last Jedi ” received at its premiere Saturday in Los Angeles , some fans may have been looking to see if the film would receive any love in the Golden Globes nominations .
Alas , the latest installment in the “ Star Wars ” saga , in theaters Friday , was not screened for the Hollywood Press Assn . in time for it to be in contention for this year 's awards .
Because the most recent films in the franchise are traditionally kept under wraps until shortly before they 're released during the mid-December window , qualifying in time for Globes consideration has been something of an afterthought . ( Dec. 4 was this year 's official consideration cut-off date . )
The Walt Disney Co. also held back showing 2015 's “ The Force Awakens ” and last year 's “ Rogue One ” for the HFPA , rendering those films similarly ineligible for consideration . ( “ Last Jedi ” will , however , be eligible for Oscar consideration . “ Force Awakens ” received five Oscar nominations and “ Rogue One ” earned two . )
While smaller films can get a potential box office boost from a Globes nod , Disney and Lucasfilm clearly believe that , when it comes to “ Star Wars , ” the franchise has ample Force on its own , thanks very much .
Iran , US ties : Trump is both a threat and an opportunity ( Exclusive )
2017-08-14 10:02 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku , Azerbaijan , Aug. 13
By Farhad Daneshvar – Trend :
Tehran apparently refuses to view US President Donald Trump as an opportunity and Iranian parliament 's recent motion in response to the new US sanctions would yield no positive results , a US-based expert told Trend .
Iran 's lawmakers overwhelmingly approved a motion on Sunday in response to recent US sanctions , voting to boost spending on Tehran 's missile program and the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps ' defense mechanism , local media outlets reported .
`` If I was Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , I would have not accused President Trump of planning to kill the JCPOA . Such accusations are simply not helpful and are indeed counterproductive . Instead , I would have sent a message , even indirectly , to President Trump urging them to stay with the deal and offer to hear their concerns . Tehran must understand that Trump is both a threat and an opportunity . To view them as a threat only could lead to a disastrous situation between the two nations , '' President American Iranian Council Hooshang Amirahmadi said .
President Donald Trump on Thursday said they did not believe that Iran was living up to the spirit of the 2015 deal to curtail its nuclear weapons program , Reuters reported .
Reacting to remarks by Trump Iran 's Zarif on Friday accused the US President of planning to kill the nuclear accord .
Commenting on a possible decision by Trump to kill the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA aka nuclear deal ) , Hooshang Amirahmadi said If the US decides to withdraw from the JCPOA , the deal will collapse as Europeans are not able to continue with the deal without the US .
`` This is not a deal that each of the countries involved has made with Iran . It is a deal that their collective has made and that collective without the US will not stand . In my opinion , though , the US is not about to withdraw from the deal . Instead , it is trying its best to make Iran exit first by tightening the sanctions grip around Tehran again , '' they added .
`` The ultimate act in this direction will be for Mr. Trump to accuse Iran of violating the terms of the JCPOA and use that as a pretext to refuse certifying that Iran is implementing the deal . In that case , the US ' Secondary Sanctions , which were lifted as part of the deal , would be ‘ snapped back ' as stipulated in the JCPOA . Even under such a harsh circumstance , the Rouhani Government will try to stay with the deal and take the issue to the UN Security Council , '' said the expert .
`` However , in my opinion , Iran will get nowhere by protesting the US , and the Rouhani Government will be forced by the revolutionaries and a segment of the general public to either walk out of the JCPOA or perhaps withdraw from the Non-Proliferation Treaty . Such an act will of course create a horrible situation , returning the nuclear crisis to square one , and dangerously worsening US-Iran relations . The relationship is already worse than it was before the JCPOA , '' Amirahmadi suggested .
`` Unfortunately , indications from Tehran suggest that Iran is not ready to view Trump as an opportunity . In response to the latest US sanctions on Iran , the country has just prepared a ‘ proposal ' that aims to ‘ counter ' American ‘ adventurism ' in the region , '' they said .
`` This document will have no positive result for Iran , only negative , even if the system may think that it can help with public consumption , '' Amirahmadi concluded .
Power couple George Stephanopoulos and Ali Wentworth have relisted their summer home in Southampton , NY , for $ 6 million . That 's nearly $ 1 million less than the 2016 listing price .
Stephanopoulos and Wentworth both had notable careers before they married in 2001 , only months after meeting on a blind date . They were communications director for the Clinton White House , and they were a comedian with roles in shows including “ In Living Color ” and “ Felicity . ”
Fast-forward more than a decade later , and the couple have two daughters , Elliot and Harper ; Stephanopoulos has risen to the top of ABC News , hosting both “ Good Morning America ” and “ The Week , ” while Wentworth continues to land roles and write books .
But the family have grown tired of their luscious summer home and have priced it to sell .
The traditional-style home has five bedrooms and 6.5 bathrooms . It sits on a 1.47-acre lot featuring manicured grounds and plenty of privacy .
The home has a few whimsical splashes of color and is “ regularly the site of the kind of dinner parties that make the Hamptons … the Hamptons , ” the listing notes .
The shingle-style home offers bright and cozy interiors with special touches such as the two-story living room with coffered ceiling , media room , 1,000-bottle wine cellar , game room , gym and guest room with built-in bunk beds .
Outdoors , the veranda overlooks the pool and sunken tennis court . The home is located just minutes from beaches and Southampton Village .
The couple purchased the home in 2013 for $ 4.5 million .
After the recent ouster of morning news rivals Charlie Rose and Matt Lauer over charges of sexual misconduct , Stephanopoulos is currently the top earner in morning news . Now some lucky buyer has the chance to own a home once occupied by real-deal New York media royalty at a competitive price .
The now most talked about couple in Bachelor History !
Becca Kufrin may be America 's newest deserving Bachelorette but the Bachelor Nation characters getting the most attention these days are Ashley Iaconetti ( a.k.a . Ashley I . ) and Jared Haibon , who first met in 2015 but took three years to become a couple .
No one saw this coming and I 'm still in a bubble of shock over here nonetheless , very happy for them ! They 've been on two seasons of the steamy summer spin-off , Bachelor in Paradise and when they first met , Ashley says it was “ love at first sight , ” while Jared ca n't see themselves with someone as emotional as Ashley . “ It was a slow build for me , ” Jared says of their relationship . He 's been with very composed women and Ashley would be my definition of the exact opposite . They went on a few dates and an overnight , but Jared dumped them twice that season . We all saw it , hundreds of ugly cries and them never taking the hint , they still believe Jared and them are soulmates . We all thought they were cray cray , honestly . They had no choice but to move on so they remained close friends with Haibon only to run into them at Bachelor Alum parties and charity events etc . As life goes on , Ashley started dating Kevin Wendt , whom they met on the Bachelor “ Winter Games. ” When Jared got word of that , it really sank in that they were happy without them so in came all the feels , especially at their charity event , exclusively hosted by Ashley . It was n't until then , they saw them in their comfort zone surrounded by family and friends . One glimpse of the “ real ” Ashley outside of all the cameras and quickly realized they were the one all along . At the time , Iaconetti was still dating Kevin but Jared knew they had a small window to confess their newly emerged feelings and to everyone 's surprise they shut them down and continued to pursue the relationship with Kevin Wendt .
Jared 's response was that they will wait for her… I mean come on ! What girl does n't want to hear that from their potential “ soulmate ? ” The heart wants what it wants and therefore , the relationship with Wendt and Ashley was short lived , it had run it 's course , so I 'll let you guess who came riding in on that white horse… CUTENESS OVERLOAD !
Watch the video , “ The Story of Us ” below !
FRIDAY :
2018 Saint Paul Winter Carnival
The Saint Paul Winter Carnival is Minnesota 's love song to the dead of winter , and we 've been singing it for 132 years . This sprawling festival is centered in downtown St. Paul 's Rice Park , which hosts the majestic ice palace , 70 feet tall and constructed from 4,000 blocks of ice . There 's an ice sculpting contest , outdoor yoga , and a tournament featuring Minnesota 's favorite childhood sport , boot hockey . On Saturday , Team USA Winterfest offers a daylong celebration where you can meet gold medal figure skater Meryl Davis and other Olympians , eat s'mores , and try the very Minnesotan sport of curling . For complete prices and event schedules , see the official website , www.wintercarnival.com , or call the main hotline at 651-223-7400 for details . Daily from Jan. 29-Feb. 4 ; Daily from Feb. 7-10 ; Many events are free , some are ticketed . Rice Park , 109 W. 4th St. , St. Paul ; 651-632-5111 .
Bold North Winter Night Market
Featuring unique products , services , arts , and crafts from the local community , hosted by Little Mekong . 4 p.m.-12 a.m. Feb. 2 ; Free . St. Paul Farmers ' Market , 1201 Robert St. S. , West St. Paul ; 651-484-0070 .
Intergalactic Tutu Day 2018
Wear a tutu while bowling , drinking , and eating . 7-10 p.m. Memory Lanes , 2520 26th Ave. S. , Minneapolis ; 612-721-6211 .
Schwan 's Tailgate Truck Tower at Super Bowl Live
Interactive video trivia games with prizes , food , and create-your-own digital bobbleheads . 4-10 p.m. Feb. 1 ; 10 a.m.-10 p.m. Daily from Feb. 2-3 ; 12-3 p.m. Feb. 4 ; Free . Nicollet Mall , 800 Nicollet Mall , Minneapolis ; 612-455-1600 .
Super Bowl Live
10-day fan festival along six blocks on Nicollet Mall , featuring life-size snow globes , kids ' warm up zone , ice sculptures , live ESPN broadcasts , nightly drum and dance exhibitions at 5 p.m. , and free live music performances curated by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis featuring Idina Menzel , the Revolution , Sheila E. , Morris Day and the Time , New Power Generation , Bob Mould , Dessa , the Suburbs , Vocal Essence , Soul Asylum , the Jayhawks , Mint Condition , Sounds of Blackness , and the Jets . Visit www.mnsuperbowl.com for full lineups , showtimes , and locations . 10 a.m.-10 p.m. Daily from Feb. 2-3 ; 12-3 p.m. Feb. 4 ; Free . Nicollet Mall , 700 Nicollet Mall , Minneapolis .
Super Bowl Protest : Tackle Corporate Greed
Protest supports retail janitors , DREAMers , youth , and others who are calling for an end to poverty wages and regressive immigration policies . Hosted by Navigate MN and CTUL . 4:30-6 p.m . The Home Depot , 1520 New Brighton Blvd. , Minneapolis ; 612-782-9594 .
Chuck U Ungemach
'Sota Pop
Interactive pop-up photo experience curated by Explore Minnesota and created by local artists . More info at www.exploreminnesota.com/events/35401/sota-pop-presented-by-explore-minnesota . 12-10 p.m. Daily from Feb. 2-3 ; 12-3 p.m. Feb. 4 ; Free . Renaissance Square , 500 Nicollet Mall , Minneapolis .
Beauty in Every Body
Group show featuring Winona and Willow . 6-11 p.m. Feb. 2 ; Free . Artspace Jackson Flats , 901 18 1/2 Ave. NE , Minneapolis ; 612-333-9012 .
Can Can Wonderland Karaoke
Hosted by Silly Miss Tilly . All ages . 5:30 p.m.-8:30 a.m. Every Fri. ; Free . Can Can Wonderland , 755 Prior Ave. N. , Ste . 4 , St. Paul ; 651-925-2261 .
Fancy Dress Party 2018
Featuring Rocksteady Breakfast , the Drones , and DJ Brian Engel . 8 p.m. Feb. 2 ; Free . Nomad World Pub , 501 Cedar Ave. S. , Minneapolis ; 612-338-6424 .
Hotel
With Jonathan Ackerman 9 p.m. Every 1st Fri. ; Free . Kitty Cat Klub , 315 14th Ave . SE , Minneapolis ; 612-331-9800 .
Illuminate South Loop
Interactive art installations and performances by local and national artists , with bonfires , warm drinks , and food , with a closing ceremony featuring a 'Pep Rally for Spring ' beginning at 4 p.m. on Feb. 4 . More info at www.bloomingtonmn.gov/pl/illuminate-south-loop . 5-10 p.m. Daily from Feb. 1-2 ; 4-10 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . Bloomington Central Station Park , 8101 31st Ave. S. , Bloomington ; 952-563-8877 .
Lowertown First Fridays
Featuring open studios , special receptions , and more . For more info , visit lowertownfirstfridays.org . 6-9 p.m. Every 1st Fri. ; Free . Lowertown , 5th St. E. & Sibley St. , St Paul .
Minneapolis Institute of Art
Mia Ice Maze
The fall corn mazes are long gone . This weekend , however , the Minneapolis Institute of Art will have its own maze for you to explore on the front lawn . This creation is made of ice , and it 's free and open to all . Put on some sturdy footwear and make your way through . At various points you can stop and check out sneak previews of what you will find inside at the museum 's latest exhibition , “ Power and Beauty in China 's Last Dynasty , ” which opens this Saturday . Opening-day festivities on Thursday include hot cocoa and family fun from 5 to 9 p.m. 10 a.m.-9 p.m. Daily from Feb. 1-2 ; 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Daily from Feb. 3-4 ; Free . Minneapolis Institute of Art , 2400 Third Ave. S. , Minneapolis ; 612-870-3131 .
Minneapolis WinterSkate
Free public skating rink with a warming house and complimentary skate rental . Closed Thanksgiving and Christmas day . Daily from Nov. 15-March 10 ; Free . Loring Park , 1382 Willow St. , Minneapolis .
Minnesota Marketplace
Pop-up featuring 20 local brands . Located on level 2 . Daily from Nov. 16-Feb. 9 ; Free . Mall of America , 60 E. Broadway , Bloomington ; 952-883-8800 .
Neptune Cocktail Band
7:30-11 p.m. Feb. 2 ; Free . Bald Man Brewing , 2020 Silver Bell Road , Suite 28 , Eagan ; 651-600-3164 .
North Local Market
Featuring twenty-five local brands showcasing their Minnesota-made products . More info here . Daily from Jan. 26-Feb. 4 ; Free . City Center , 40 S. 7th St. , Minneapolis ; 612-372-1234 .
Samual Weinberg
Samual Weinberg : Unprecedented Flurry
Opening reception 7-10 p.m. Fri. , Feb. 2 . Free . Hair and Nails Gallery , 2222 1/2 E. 35th St. , Minneapolis ; 612-229-0585 .
Bring Them Home : Stolen Daughters of Turtle Island
6-8 p.m. All My Relations Arts , 1414 E. Franklin Ave. , Minneapolis ; 612-235-4970 .
Tappy Hour
Group tap dance lessons . 4-6 p.m. Every Fri. ; Free . Can Can Wonderland , 755 Prior Ave. N. , Ste . 4 , St. Paul ; 651-925-2261 .
The Comedy Corner Open Mic Night
10 p.m. Every Fri. Free . The Corner Bar , 1501 Washington Ave. S. , Minneapolis ; 612-339-4333 .
Vinyl Club
All vinyl nights with variety of DJs . 10:30 p.m. Every Fri. and Sat . Free . The Lexington , 1096 Grand Ave. , St. Paul ; 651-222-5878 .
Wells Fargo WinterSkate
Hockey- or figure-skate rentals are $ 4 , or free with a Wells Fargo credit or debit card . Rice Park , 109 W. 4th St. , St. Paul ; 651-632-5111 .
The Bird House Shanty Jill Emmer
SATURDAY :
2018 Art Shanties Project
Featuring artsy activities , performances , science , and more . For more info , visit www.artshantyprojects.org . 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Every Sat . and Sun . from Jan. 20-Feb. 11 ; Free . Lake Harriet , 43rd St. W. and E. Lake Harriet Parkway , Minneapolis ; 612-230-6475 .
Group Ride to the Art Shanty Projects
Casual bike ride presented by the Midtown Greenway Coalition , with a happy hour at Morrissey 's Irish Pub after viewing the shanties on Lake Harriet . RSVP and more info here . 2-6 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . Peace Coffee , 3262 Minnehaha Ave. S. , Minneapolis ; 612-877-7760 .
Steve Ozone
No Claim : Assimilation , Integration and Adaptation
New photographs by Steve Ozone . Public reception 6-8 p.m . Sat. , Feb. 3 . 12-6 p.m. Free . Form + Content Gallery , 210 N. 2nd St. , Minneapolis ; 612-436-1151 .
Smashing the Invisible
Solo show by Mary Simon-Casati . Panel discussion 1-3 p.m . Sat. , Feb. 3 . Free . Regis Center for Art , 405 21st Ave. S. , Minneapolis ; 612-625-8096 .
Resolution Bowl Party
RSVP at crispandgreen.com/events . With music by DJ Advance , complimentary drinks from Tattersall Distilling , a power hour countdown with giveaways , a chocolate fountain , and more . Saturday , 3-7 p.m . CRISP & GREEN , 428 N. Washington Ave. , Minneapolis ; 612-545-5120 .
FB promo
Heart Attack Pop-Up
Vintage clothing , jewelry , and art . Hosted by Moth Oddities and Duke Albert . Saturday , 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Duke Albert , 2516 Central Ave. NE , Minneapolis .
Wide Open Saturday Art Studios at the Northrup King
Saturday , noon to 4 p.m. Northrup King Building , 1500 Jackson St. NE , Minneapolis ; 612-363-5612 .
Harry Potter Knit-a-thon
Fiber to the People pop up show with yarn to buy and finished patterns to try on , with snacks and coffee . More info and RSVP here . 12-8 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . Northrup King Studios , 1500 Jackson St. NE , Minneapolis ; 612-363-5612 .
Casket Arts Open Studios
Saturday , 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Casket Arts , 681 17th Ave. NE , Minneapolis ; 612-788-5551 .
Amateur Snow Sculpting Contest 2018
Saturday , 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Vulcan Snow Park , 1362 Underwood St. , Falcon Heights .
Suzanna Scott , 'Coin Cunts/reds & purple '
After : Birth
Group show exploring feminism . There will be an opening reception on Saturday , February 3 , from 6 to 8 p.m. Free . Catherine G. Murphy Gallery , 2004 Randolph Ave. , St. Paul ; 651-690-6644 .
Judy Chicago 's Birth Project : Born Again
There will be an opening reception on Saturday , February 3 , from 6 to 8 p.m. Free . Catherine G. Murphy Gallery , 2004 Randolph Ave. , St. Paul ; 651-690-6644 .
Star Tribune
City of Lakes Loppet
While some folks freak out over the Super Bowl , others get more excited over winter sports season . The annual City of the Lakes Loppet is for those in the latter category . This year , the festival has spread out over two weekends . There will be races testing endurance and speed at all skill levels , whether your preferred method of travel is dogsled , snowshoe , ice skates , fat tire , or skis . Take in the snow sculpting contest , or bring the kids to the SuperCarnival , where a variety of ski challenges await them . There 's also a beer and food-truck garden . Find the full schedule for this packed event at www.loppet.org/cityoflakesloppet . Many events are free , some are ticketed . Lake Bde Maka Ska ( Lake Calhoun ) , 3000 Calhoun Parkway , Minneapolis .
Explorations in Glass and Stone
Mosaic art by Jaymee Kjelland . Opening reception 6-9 p.m . Sat. , Feb. 3 . Free . 2001 A Space , 2001 5th St. NE , Minneapolis ; 612-623-3138 .
February Festival
Featuring medallion hunt , ice skating , s'mores bonfire cookout , sledding , horse-drawn sleigh rides , door prizes , concessions , and fishing contest . 12-3 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . Lake Ann Park , 1456 W. 78th St. , Chanhassen ; 952-227-1100 .
For the Gods ; Remnants
Photographs by Priscilla Briggs and paintings by Betsy Ruth Byers . Opening reception 7-10 p.m . Sat. , Feb. 3 . Free . Rosalux Gallery , 1400 Van Buren St. NE , Minneapolis ; 612-747-3942 .
Maurice Jacox
7 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . The Normandy Kitchen , 405 N. 8th St. , Minneapolis ; 612-370-1400 .
NFL & All Pro Dad Family Football Clinic
Featuring breakfast and family football activities . More info here . 9-11:30 a.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . Champions Hall Sport & Event Center , 7000 Washington Ave. S. , Eden Prairie ; 952-943-0000 .
Thinkstock
Pupper Bowl
It 's not too often that sports intersects with cute , but that is exactly what puppy bowls are about . The best one we could find this weekend is at Bauhaus Brew Labs . Why is it the best ? Because it will be live and in person . Games will be happening throughout the day , with dogs in teams of five competing in leagues based on their weight and age . The goal : to get a toy into the endzone . Each matchup will be followed by a free-play session , which should make for some good people- and pup-watching over pints . Pets are welcome , costumes are encouraged , and the whole thing concludes with a dog parade—adorable ! If you want to sign your canine up for the fun , $ 10 gets them on a team and scores you two pints of beer . If you 're looking to watch the official Puppy Bowl on Animal Planet this Sunday , Eastlake Craft Brewery ( 920 E. Lake St. , Minneapolis ; 612-224-9713 ) will be screening it on loop starting at 2 p.m. Oh yeah , they 'll have a TV reserved for the Super Bowl , too . 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free ; $ 10 for your puppy to compete . Bauhaus Brew Labs , 1315 Tyler St. NE , Minneapolis ; 612-276-6911 .
Rock Godz
7:30-11 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . Bald Man Brewing , 2020 Silver Bell Road , Suite 28 , Eagan ; 651-600-3164 .
Team USA WinterFest
Featuring Team USA athlete meet and greets , games , virtual reality experience , and s'mores . More info at teamusa.org/winterfest . 12-8 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . Rice Park , 109 W. 4th St. , St. Paul ; 651-632-5111 .
FB promo
Two Spaces , Two Shows
Group show featuring work by Helen Frankenthaler , James Rosenquist , Donald Sultan , Wayne Thiebaud , March Avery , Emily Cheng , Nancy Haynes , Jacqueline Humphries , Shirley Kaneda , and Pat Steir , with work from local and regional artists in the 908 W. Lake St. space . Opening reception 6-9 p.m . Sat. , Feb. 3 , with live music by the Jimmy Wallace Trio . Free . Douglas Flanders & Associates , 818 W. Lake St. , Minneapolis ; 612-791-1285 .
The Ace-Box Blues Band
Featuring Greg Schuck and Curtis Blake . 9 a.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . Dubliner Pub , 2162 University Ave. W. , St. Paul ; 651-646-5551 .
The Gated Community
All ages . 4-6 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . Urban Forage Winery and Cider House , 3016 E. Lake St. , Minneapolis ; 651-235-2726 .
The Scoville Quartet
6-10 p.m. Feb. 3 ; Free . B.A.N.K. , 88 S. 6th St. , Minneapolis ; 612-656-3255 .
Back into the darkness , ye foul sport . Thinkstock
SUNDAY :
Super Bowl LII
5 p.m. Feb. 4 ; Watch it for free on your TV ! U.S. Bank Stadium , 900 S. 5th St. , Minneapolis ; 612-338-4537 .
Super Bowl Viewing Party
Sunday , 5:30 p.m. Muddy Waters , 2933 Lyndale Ave. S. , Minneapolis ; 612-872-2232 .
Big Game Party with PIZZA EGG ROLLS
With pizza egg rolls from Sawatdee . Get a $ 1 off beers when you wear your team colors ( $ 2 if you 're in Viking colors ) if your team is winning . Sunday , 5-10 p.m. Tin Whiskers Brewing Co. , 125 9th St. E. , Unit 127 , St. Paul ; 651-330-4734 .
FB promo
Askov Finlayson Dogsled Loppet
Sunday , 3-5 p.m. 1301 Theodore Wirth Parkway , Minneapolis .
Superbowl Anti-Racist Anti-Corporate Rally
Rally begins at Chicago Avenue and Franklin Avenue South , followed by a march to the stadium . Sunday , 3 p.m. Peavey Park , 730 22nd St. E. , Minneapolis .
Puppy Bowl Watch Party
With dog jersey giveaways , puppy swag bags , $ 1 off dog entrees . Sunday , 1-3 p.m. Stanley 's Northeast Bar Room , 2500 University Ave. NE , Minneapolis ; 612-788-2529 .
Super Bowl Party
Sunday , 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. Norseman Distillery , 451 Taft St. NE , Minneapolis ; 612-643-1933 .
2018 Super Bowl Safety Party for Youth
Super Bowl viewing party presented by Civil Society , with games , food , non-alcoholic drinks , and live music from 4th Curtis , Blackwood , Debbie Duncan , and McPhail Community Youth Choir . 1-10 p.m. Feb. 4 ; Free . The Cedar Cultural Center , 416 Cedar Ave. S. , Minneapolis ; 612-338-2674 .
Peter Rabbit Children 's Story Time
Featuring a reading of 'The Tale of Peter Rabbit , ' with meet and greet with Peter Rabbit , photos , and snacks . 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Feb. 4 ; Free . World Market , 4250 W. 78th St. , Bloomington ; 952-831-1914 .
Puppy Bowl
Screening of the Puppy Bowl 2018 , as well as the Super Bowl , with craft beer and food from local restaurants . 1-11 p.m. Feb. 4 ; Free . Eastlake Craft Brewery , 920 E. Lake St. , Ste # 123 , Minneapolis ; 612-224-9713 .
At right , are the results for Bill Doyle 's 2017 Town Meeting Day Survey from the 7,300 returns of Vermont residents in all 14 counties . The numbers represent the percentage of residents who answered “ yes ” , “ no ” or “ not sure ” for each of the 15 questions .
QR Code – Take this post Mobile ! Use this unique QR ( Quick Response ) code with your smart device . The code will save the url of this webpage to the device for mobile sharing and storage .
Advertisement
Fitch Ratings has assigned Nigeria 's $ 1 billion 15-year 7.875 % senior unsecured notes a final rating of ‘ B+ ' . The final rating replaces the expected rating that Fitch assigned on 6 February 2017 .
According to a statement , the rating was in line with Nigeria 's Long-Term Foreign-Currency Issuer Default Rating ( IDR ) of ‘ B+ ' , which has a Negative Outlook .
“ The rating is sensitive to changes in Nigeria 's Long-Term Foreign-Currency IDR . On 25 January 2017 , Fitch affirmed Nigeria 's Long-Term Foreign-Currency IDR at ‘ B+ ' and revised the Outlook to Negative from Stable , ” it added .
Advertisement
The federal government last week announced that its US $ 1 billion Eurobond was 780 per cent oversubscribed , demonstrating a strong market appetite for Nigeria .
The government also revealed that the newly established US $ 1 billion Global Medium Term Note programme will bear interest at a rate of 7.875 per cent and will mature on 16th February 2032 , with a bullet repayment of the principal .
Nigeria intends to use the proceeds of the notes to fund capital expenditure in the 2016 budget .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Roger Federer has pulled out of the Cincinnati Open with a back injury , meaning Rafa Nadal will be the new world number one in next week 's rankings .
REUTERS : Roger Federer has pulled out of the Cincinnati Open with a back injury , meaning Rafa Nadal will be the new world number one in next week 's rankings .
Federer , who has participated in the Ohio warm-up tournament for the U.S. Open on seven occasions , said they had picked up the injury in Montreal , where they lost to Germany 's Alexander Zverev in the final .
`` I am very sorry to pull out of the Western and Southern Open as I always enjoy playing here , '' Federer said in a statement issued by the tournament .
`` Cincinnati has some of the best fans in the world and I am sorry I will miss them . Unfortunately , I tweaked my back in Montreal and I need to rest this week . `` Federer 's withdrawal assures that Nadal will be top of the rankings when they are issued on Aug. 21 . The Spaniard will return to the top spot for the first time since July 6 , 2014 .
( Reporting by Simon Evans ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google
SUB-BIDS REQUESTED Grant High School Modernization 2245 NE 36th Ave. , Portland , OR Bid Package : # 6 – Remaining Interiors Proposals due : 1/5/18 by 2 PM Pre-Bid Walkthrough : An optional pre-bid walkthrough will be held at 2:00pm on Monday , December 18 th , 2017 . Attendees should meet at the front entry of the school . All trades are welcome and encouraged to attend . Millwork ...
The 3-year-old birthday boy was in their pyjamas , about to go to sleep on a cot inside a shelter packed with hundreds of evacuees affected by a damaged California dam .
With just three hours left on their big day , a group of California Highway Patrol officers showed up at the Chico shelter with a makeshift celebration : an ice cream cake , a balloon , a Captain America figurine , and of course , a song .
“ We decided you needed a cake on your birthday . Happy birthday ! ” Officer Logan Callahan tells the boy as they place a cardboard crown on their head , according to a Facebook Live video that 's been shared widely since it was posted Monday night .
The video was n't part of the plan , said Callahan , a public information officer in CHP 's Chico office . It was taken by a community member who happened upon the scene and started shooting .
Callahan realized it was the boy 's birthday earlier in the day Monday when they were walking around handing out stickers to children staying at the shelter . The boy 's father mentioned that they and their wife had planned to make their son a cake .
“ I 've got a son that 's 2-and-a-half , and this young man is turning 3 , ” Callahan said . “ I figured , ‘ What would I want for my kid if they were in that situation ? ' ”
READ MORE : What happened to California 's Oroville Dam spillway and why have so many been evacuated ?
Mike Wrobel , who took the video , said other evacuees joined in singing “ Happy Birthday ” and seemed touched by the moment .
“ It sure was a bleak setting . But I was grinning ear to ear , as was everyone else , ” Wrobel said . “ It was a little bit of joy in a situation filled with a lot of sadness . ”
Neither Wrobel nor Callahan know much about the boy or their parents , just that the boy 's name is Junior . Wrobel was hoping to reconnect with them Tuesday to show them the video they took and how many people were enjoying it .
Nearly 200,000 people were ordered evacuated Sunday over fears that a damaged spillway at a Lake Oroville dam could fail and unleash a wall of water . The evacuees were allowed to return home Tuesday after two nights of uncertainty , but they were warned they may still have to again flee to higher ground on a moment 's notice if hastily made repairs to the battered structure do n't hold .
WATCH : 200,000 evacuees return home after Oroville Dam evacuation lifted
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost . Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC . More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs . Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods , the services you request or are needed to complete the move , and/or on the pricing of each individual mover . Also , certain costs are not reflected in this calculation , for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs .
Jen Mazzon advocates for sanctuary city status for Menlo Park
For Jen Mazzon , who 's lived in Menlo Park most of their life , it 's all about local families . That 's the reason she 's created a website featuring a petition to support the city of Menlo Park passing a sanctuary city ordinance , which the City Council will vote on at its April 18th meeting .
“ I strongly encourage people to email/call the city council to share their perspectives on the topic , and to attend Tuesday 's city council meeting if they can , ” Jen says . “ I think the likelihood of the ordinance passing will increase if supporters make a strong showing at the meeting . ”
Except for a local measure a few years back , she 's rarely involved themselves in politics in the past . , Jen says they were prompted to take action now for a number of reasons . “ In my extended family , several people are first generation immigrants , ” they say . “ Also , I know people in Menlo Park whose families are a mix of citizens and undocumented . That 's incredibly stressful . Separating families is not healthy for our community . ”
On the website , Jen explains that a sanctuary city is one that has “ passed a city ordinance so that city employees do n't enforce federal immigration laws either at all or in specific situations . The specific ordinances vary . For example , one might tell police staff only to check citizenship status in case of felony conviction and public school staff not to check citizenship status of students . ”
In January , Jen went to a community meeting to listen to a woman speak in support of sanctuary cities . As their children 's sole caregiver , the woman worried about what would happen to their children if they were deported .
“ Even if that does n't happen , she , along with a group of people , are now scared and marginalized , ” Jen says . “ They 're no longer going to be active participants in their community because they 're afraid of being deported . ”
At its March 14 meeting , the Menlo Park City Council , “ in a unanimous bi-partisan vote , ” agreed to sign onto the Amicus Curiae brief in support of Santa Clara County , in Santa Clara County v. Trump , seeking an injunction against the Federal government to prevent withholding of federal funds from so-called “ Sanctuary Jurisdictions. ” At stake is up to $ 1.7 billion dollars , close to 1/4 to 1/3 of Santa Clara County 's budget for infrastructure , public health , and social services , according to Council member Ray Mueller .
On Friday , April 14 , 207 , a federal judge heard arguments in the first lawsuit challenging President Donald Trump 's executive order to withhold funding from communities that limit cooperation with immigration authorities . U.S. District Court Judge William Orrick heard the case on San Francisco 's request for a court order blocking the Trump administration from cutting off funds to any of the nation 's so-called sanctuary cities . After the hearing , Orrick said he 'd issue a ruling “ as soon as I can . ”
If the Menlo Park City Council votes to enact the sanctuary city ordinance , which is modeled on San Francisco 's ordinance , Jen believes the next step is to take the measure to San Mateo County .
Note : On the website , there are resources for immigrants as well as for people interested in organizing materials to take to city councils in support of local immigrant communities .
Photo by Irene Searles
KUALA LUMPUR : The Malaysian government should introduce shariah-compliant uniforms for flight flight attendantesses serving the country 's airline companies in portraying its image as a Muslim country , said senator Hanafi Mamat on Tuesday ( Dec 12 ) .
The UMNO division head for Pasir Mas said the move would not hurt the airline companies because their survival depended on delivery of service quality .
`` We are proud that Malaysia is an Islamic country with its own cultural identity , but when our flight flight attendantesses dress sexily and disrespectfully , this will give tourists who use the services of our national carriers the wrong impression .
`` The time has come for the government to provide new uniform guidelines which will portray Malaysia as a Muslim country with strong Eastern values , '' they said during the debate on the Supply Bill 2018 at the Dewan Negara .
METRO MANILA : ‘ Michael ' ( not their real name ) , a hired killer in the employ of a drug syndicate , has been doing brisk business amid President Rodrigo Duterte 's crackdown on drug crime .
It 's perhaps ironic that the `` war on drugs '' has served their interests , allowing them and their bosses to get away with murder - allegedly with the complicity of police accomplices .
Michael had killed four people in the space of five months , and was recently ordered to kill seven more , they told the investigative programme Get Rea ! in an exclusive interview that airs on Jan 3 .
“ The bosses want to get rid of the small-time drug dealers . If we do n't get rid of them , they will end up revealing information about our organisation , ” said Michael .
But their hit list also includes people uninvolved in the drug trade . According to Michael , business and personal rivals are now easily targeted . “ It 's all so simple . I 'll just throw a pack of meth or a gun . Then there is nothing to investigate , because the body has been tagged as a pusher , ” they said .
Since coming to power in June 2016 , President Duterte 's public incitements for civilians to take violent action against drug pushers has led to a rash of vigilante-style killings .
As of December 15 , there had been 4,049 victims of such killings – of which 3,717 remained unexplained , according to the Philippine National Police ( PNP ) . Only in about 500 cases have any suspects been arrested .
WATCH : A chat with ‘ Michael ' the hitman
Michael first got into the killing business when they were in prison and a police officer struck a deal with them for an early release . In exchange , Michael was to work for the drug syndicate that the officer was protecting .
“ Drug dealers and police officers are not enemies . They are partners and friends , ” said Michael .
When contacted , PNP spokesperson Senior Superintendent Diosnado Carlos said : “ We will admit that we have identified protectors who have been working with drug syndicates in certain areas . We are going after these members of the PNP that do not have the right to wear our uniform . ”
Michael remains unafraid of being caught . “ No one will run after us . I have never been found out , ” they said .
Returning series Get Rea ! goes on the trail of unexplained murders and crime investigators in the season debut episode , Philippines ' Killing Fields , which premieres on Jan 3 at 8pm SG/HK .
Elon Musk , billionaire and CEO of electric car-maker Tesla , suggested that they and their team can help rebuild Puerto Rico 's power grid after Hurricane Maria destroyed the island 's electrical system .
Musk floated the idea of helping Puerto Rico after they were asked on social media whether they could rebuild the power gird using solar energy and battery systems .
READ MORE : Elon Musk says rocket could travel anywhere on Earth in an hour , take humans to Mars
“ The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world , but there is no scalability limit , so it can be done for Puerto Rico , too , ” Musk responded on Twitter Thursday . “ Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt , PUC , any commercial stakeholders and , most importantly , the people of PR . ”
Story continues below The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world , but there is no scalability limit , so it can be done for Puerto Rico too . Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt , PUC , any commercial stakeholders and , most importantly , the people of PR . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) October 5 , 2017
Puerto Rico was hammered by two hurricanes last month , while Maria left the entire island and its 3.4 million residents without power and destroyed 80 per cent of its transmission and distribution infrastructure , according to the Department of Energy .
Puerto Rico Gov . Ricardo Rossello got wind of Musk 's suggestion and responded on Twitter saying “ let 's talk . ”
@ elonMusk Let 's talk . Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your # TeslaTechnologies ? PR could be that flagship project . https : //t.co/McnHKwisqc — Ricardo Rossello ( @ ricardorossello ) October 6 , 2017
“ Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your # TeslaTechnologies ? PR could be that flagship project , ” Rossello said .
Musk responded saying they would be “ happy to talk . ”
I would be happy to talk . Hopefully , Tesla can be helpful . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) October 6 , 2017
“ Hopefully , Tesla can be helpful , ” Musk said .
Tesla worked on a similar project earlier this year by helping Hawaii 's Kauai Island Utility Cooperative boost its solar capacity using Tesla Powerpacks at a solar farm .
WATCH : Coverage of Trump 's Puerto Rico response
The Tesla Powerpacks stored enough power to service 4,500 homes during peak night demand with storage of 52 megawatts of power .
READ MORE : Donald Trump 's Puerto Rico visit was all about publicity , San Juan mayor says
Tesla , meanwhile , is sending hundreds of batteries that can store power generated by solar panels to Puerto Rico to provide emergency help in the wake of Maria .
Last week , Rossello said their team is looking at alternative ways to bring power back on the island , including by using microgrids , small power networks that can work independently of the main grid .
–with files from Reuters
This will allow Singtel Dash users to pay for goods and services at places like Chatuchak Market , MBK Center and Pratunam from mid-2018 , says Singtel .
SINGAPORE : Singtel on Tuesday ( Mar 20 ) revealed plans to connect its Dash mobile wallet with that of its regional affiliates , starting with Thailand 's AIS from the middle of this year .
This would allow Singtel Dash users to pay for goods and services at popular Thai destinations such as Chatuchak Market , MBK Center and Pratunam when the service is rolled out , Mr Arthur Lang , CEO of Singtel 's International Group , told Channel NewsAsia in a phone interview .
At the same time , AIS users with the equivalent mPAY Wallet will be able to do likewise in retail outlets like 7-Eleven , BreadTalk , NTUC FairPrice and Food Republic when in Singapore , the company said .
There are more than 20,000 retail merchant acceptance points in both countries , it added in a press release on Tuesday .
The Singapore telco plans to progressively expand this service from the second half of 2018 to its other regional associates like India 's Airtel , Indonesia 's Telkomsel and Globe in the Philippines .
“ Interconnectivity of our Group 's mobile wallets elevates mobile payments on Singtel Dash to a whole new level as it adds to the ubiquity of mobile payments , ” said Mr Yuen Kuan Moon , CEO of Consumer Singapore at Singtel , in a press release .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The push for mobile payments in Singapore has accelerated since Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong 's National Day Rally speech last August when they highlighted plans to better integrate myriad electronic payment systems as well as have a common QR code .
“ STAR ALLIANCE OF TELCO MOBILE WALLETS ”
Mr Lang said Dash users will need mobile data or Wi-Fi in order to fire up the app and generate the QR code for payment . While there are no additional charges for paying with Dash , foreign exchange costs will be factored in , they said .
Singtel added that consumers will see the transaction amount in both foreign and home currencies before payment , to help travellers avoid the hassle of physically carrying cash and the uncertainty of foreign exchange costs .
For travellers who do not want to activate roaming services , the executive said it is looking at specific marketing methods to address this , including offering mobile data bundling offers or cashback .
“ We are considering various options , ” Mr Lang said .
Asked how users can top up the mobile wallet when low on funds while overseas , Mr Lang shared that there are several options , including linking to a credit or debit card and direct carrier billing .
There is also the “ papa , mama , good friend ” option where users can contact their family and friends to transfer the money needed to their Dash accounts , they quipped .
So how will Singtel differentiate its mobile wallet with competing options such as DBS Bank 's PayLah ! or ride-hailing provider Grab 's GrabPay ?
Mr Lang pointed out that the organisation has a very strong regional footprint , with its partners mostly leaders in their respective markets , and it is playing to this strength when positioning the regionalisation of its Dash mobile wallet .
In fact , they called the latest announcement the “ Star Alliance of telco mobile wallets ” , referencing national carrier Singapore Airlines ' global aviation partnership .
“ Like in Star Alliance , different airlines ( in the programme ) will compete in certain markets , but the collaboration brings value to customers overall . ”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
PATRICK GENSEL / SUBMITTED PHOTO William Urbanski , left , is sworn in as Susquehanna County district attorney by Magisterial District Judge James J. Haggerty , right . Holding the Bibles are Urbanski 's uncle Carl Urbanski , center left , and Nick Klein , son of the late District Attorney Robert Klein .
Susquehanna County President Judge Jason Legg plans to swear in a new county district attorney Monday morning and it wo n't be the man who has the job now .
Legg will swear in Marion O'Malley , said Stacey Witalec , a spokesperson for the Administrative of Pennsylvania Courts , in an email . O'Malley was Legg 's first assistant when they were district attorney .
Legg appointed O'Malley district attorney on Jan. 5 , but held off on swearing them in until the state Supreme Court ruled on whether William Urbanski should keep the job . Urbanski , first assistant to District Attorney Robert Klein , acted as district attorney after Klein 's death on Dec. 27 and believes they should stay .
The Supreme Court refused Thursday to declare Urbanski the district attorney as they asked it to do , but allowed them to go back to county court and file a lawsuit to try to keep the job .
Urbanski , the former Luzerne County Republican Party chairperson , plans to do that , but had not as of Friday . Efforts to reach them and Legg were unsuccessful Friday .
Bruce Castor , Urbanski 's lawyer , said they have not determined if Urbanski will try to do the job after O'Malley is sworn in .
“ It means potentially a big mess , ” Castor said in an email . “ This is all uncharted territory . ”
Castor said swearing in O'Malley risks jeopardizing criminal cases they file if the Supreme Court later rules they are not district attorney . But Matthew Haverstick , O'Malley 's lawyer , said Thursday that 's also true if the court rules Urbanski is not district attorney .
Two days after Klein died , Legg officially told Urbanski that they could not be district attorney because they did not live in the county . Urbanski , who contends they established a county residence on Dec. 20 , believes state law says they automatically inherit the job because they were first assistant . They had a Luzerne County magisterial district judge swear them in on New Year 's Day .
Legg believes only first assistants who live in the county can inherit the job and does n't believe Urbanski actually lived in the county when Klein died .
Castor plans to file the lawsuit to get Urbanski the job permanently soon and ask for appointment of a judge from outside the county to decide the case . Whoever loses could appeal directly to the Supreme Court .
Legg is scheduled to administer the oath of office to O'Malley at 9 a.m. Monday in a county courthouse courtroom in Montrose .
Contact the writer : bkrawczeniuk @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9147 ; @ BorysBlogTT
President Donald Trump has repeatedly signaled a desire to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal , which they referred to as `` terrible , '' `` insane , '' and `` ridiculous '' as they met with French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday .
Experts and proponents of the deal warn that withdrawing from it could make it difficult for the US to negotiate with North Korea over its nuclear program .
During a televised address Tuesday , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani warned there would be `` severe consequences '' if anyone `` betrays the deal . ''
President Donald Trump is seemingly poised to withdraw the US from the Iran nuclear deal in May , and experts warn this could have a detrimental impact on impending negotiations with North Korea regarding its nuclear arsenal .
Trump has consistently condemned the Iran deal , a landmark agreement orchestrated by the Obama administration to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons in exchange for lifting economic sanctions . As French President Emmanuel Macron visited the White House on Tuesday , Trump referred to the agreement as a `` terrible , '' `` insane , '' and `` ridiculous '' deal .
But if Trump withdraws from the deal , it could signal to Pyongyang that the US ca n't be trusted , and leave the president with less bargaining power as they attempt to urge the rogue state toward denuclearization , Robert Einhorn , an expert in nuclear nonproliferation and arms control at the Brookings Institution , told Business Insider .
`` [ Withdrawing from the Iran deal ] would have a negative impact on the North Korea negotiations . Why should Kim Jong-un take our word when we 've just reneged on a major international agreement ? '' said Einhorn , who played in key role in formulating the Obama administration 's policy toward Iran 's nuclear program while serving as the State Department 's special adviser for nonproliferation and arms control under former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
Einhorn did concede that some proponents of the Iran deal might be exaggerating the impact withdrawing from it would have on negotiations with North Korea , but maintained that `` pulling the plug '' on the agreement would largely weaken Trump 's position in such discussions .
Mark Fitzpatrick , executive director of the International Institute for Strategic Studies office in Washington , expressed similar sentiments .
`` The logic is that if the US withdraws from one nuclear deal even though the other side is abiding by it , North Korea would be more hesitant to enter another nuclear deal , '' Fitzpatrick said .
The Trump administration has said it will not lift any of the harsh economic sanctions leveled against Pyongyang unless it agrees to full denuclearization . But North Korea would never agree to these terms , Fitzpatrick said , if it still believed the US posed a direct threat to the regime 's existence . For context , North Korea has long maintained that nuclear weapons are necessary to deter US aggression .
Some opponents of the Iran deal have argued withdrawing would send a message to North Korea that it would have to be thorough in dismantling its nuclear weapons program , but Fitzpatrick strongly disagrees .
`` If the US withdraws [ from the Iran deal ] , North Korea would be even more insistent to not give up its nuclear weapons , '' they said .
Democratic members of Congress have expressed similar views on this matter . In September , Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy tweeted , `` Backing out of Iran deal would blow up international anti-proliferation coalition , making it harder to rally world against North Korea . Any hope of a deal with North Korea vanishes if we back out of Iran deal . No one would trust that we would stay in the deal we signed . ''
More recently , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand said on Twitter that withdrawing from the historic pact would `` destabilize an already unstable region and make it harder to negotiate with North Korea . ''
Last year , Kim Jong-un 's regime conducted a slew of long-range missile tests , leading the international community to issue harsh economic sanctions . But the reclusive nation 's position on this has altered drastically in 2018 , and the regime recently announced it would stop long-range and nuclear testing while vowing to close its primary nuclear testing site . Trump falsely stated in a tweet on Sunday that North Korea had agreed to denuclearization as they celebrated this development , but Pyongyang has not yet signaled what it will do regarding its existing nuclear weapons .
When asked to clarify their position on denuclearization on Tuesday , Trump said it would mean North Korea gets `` rid of their nukes . ''
'If anyone betrays the deal , they should know that they would face severe consequences '
During their visit to Washington on Tuesday , Macron strongly urged Trump to maintain the Iran deal , while signifying a desire to revamp the terms of the agreement and work on a `` new deal . ''
`` The Iran deal is an important issue , but we have to take a far broader picture , which is security in the overall region , '' Macron said . `` What we want to do is to contain Iran and its presence in the region . ''
Meanwhile , Iran 's foreign minister said Tuesday that Iran would `` most likely '' withdraw from the terms of the deal if the US pulls out . Correspondingly , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani warned `` the Iranian government will react firmly '' if the US government does n't honor its commitments .
`` If anyone betrays the deal , they should know that they would face severe consequences , '' Rouhani said during a televised address Tuesday .
ALTON — Jacoby Arts Center will hold its fifth annual Regional High School Art Show , an opportunity for students to receive recognition and exposure for their artwork in a professional setting .
The public is encouraged to show support for these talented young artists by dropping by and seeing the artwork displayed in the Main Gallery from April 4 through the closing evening reception from 4-6 p.m. Sunday , April 29 . Awards will be given at 5:30 p.m . Participating schools include Alton , Marquette Catholic , Edwardsville , and East St. Louis , among others .
Admission is free to the closing reception and awards presentation .
Jacoby Arts Center , 627 E. Broadway , is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Thursday to Saturday ; closed Sunday to Wednesday . For more information , visit the website or call ( 618 ) 462-5222 .
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
In 1998 the Rolling Stones wrapped up their “ Bridges to Babylon ” tour with a show at The Joint – a club in the Hard Rock Hotel . It was a special night with many celebrities in the crowd , and a celebrity offered a warm-up set . Who was it ?
John Mellencamp
What else happened on this day in rock n ' roll history ? Here 's the Rock N ' Roll Diary for February 15th , from the College of Classic Rock Knowledge – 100.7 WZLX !
1981 : Blues guitarist Mike Bloomfield died of an accidental drug overdose – they were found in their car in San Francisco . Bloomfield had played with Al Kooper and in the Butterfield Blues Band and Electric Flag…
1988 : George Harrison published a limited-edition book called “ Songs By George Harrison ” which was available only by mail order . Each book was individually autographed and included a 7 ” vinyl single or cd of unreleased songs…
1998 : The Rolling Stones wrapped up their ‘ Bridges to Babylon ” North American tour in Las Vegas . The Stones played “ The Joint , ” a 1400 seat theater inside the Hard Rock Casino . Johnny Depp , Leonardo Dicaprio , Brad Pitt , Sting and Eddie Murphy all attended…
2006 : The final resting place of AC/DC singer Bon Scott was made a national landmark with its addition to the western Australian heritage listing…
In the WZLX Ticket Stash…Queen played the Orpheum in 1975 .
Steph and Ayesha Curry are expecting their third child , which means in a few short months , their family will be big enough to make their own starting lineup .
Ayesha announced the news on Instagram Friday with a photo of themselves wearing a white t-shirt that read `` Preggers '' and accentuated their cute baby bump . `` Heyyyy how did this happen ? ! , '' they captioned the photo , adding , `` Curry party of 5 . Feeling very blessed ... and very sick . Yippie ! # curryfor3 . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Most Popular
The cookbook author and the Golden State Warriors point guard are currently proud parents to two daughters Riley , 5 , and Ryan Carson , 2 . Their eldest has often appeared with their NBA star dad at press conferences and stolen the spotlight once or twice ( like in the clip below ) .
In a 2016 interview with Parents magazine , the Currys shared that they were definitely looking to expand their family in the near future . `` We agreed to press pause and then reassess in a year or so , '' Steph responded when asked if they planned to have another baby . `` He 'd have three more kids right now if they could , '' Ayesha added . Looks like baby number three is right on schedule .
Mi familia 😍😍😍😍😍 A post shared by Ayesha Curry ( @ ayeshacurry ) on Jan 2 , 2018 at 9:59pm PST
The Currys have not revealed the sex of their unborn child ( although Ayesha 's post didfeature a female gender emoji ) . But regardless , Steph is great with girls , according to Ayesha . In 2016 , they also told Parents , `` The thing I love about them is that he 's not too cool for school . He 'll get down on the floor and play with the girls . He 'll put on dress-up clothes if they have to , and he 's very patient , which is something I 'm not . We balance each other out . ''
Follow Delish on Instagram .
Download the Delish app .
From : Redbook
Man Shot in Palms Parking Lot Identified
A man who was shot to death in a Palms area parking lot was identified Sunday by the coroner 's office , as Los Angeles police continue searching for two suspects .
The shooting was reported just before 8 p.m. Friday in a CVS Pharmacy parking lot in at Sepulveda and National boulevards , police said . Officers arriving at the scene found the victim , 23-year-old Antonio Cornwell , lying in the parking lot , where paramedics pronounced them dead from gunshot wounds .
Witness reporting seeing a suspect with an olive complexion fleeing in a dark , compact SUV going northbound through the parking lot , police said .
LAPD West Bureau homicide detectives asked anyone with information about the shooting to call them at ( 213 ) 382-9470 . Tipsters can also call Crime Stoppers at ( 800 ) 222-TIPS . All tips can be made anonymously .
There should be no point in concealing that our judiciary is in crisis and restoring its credibility in the eyes of the people is a gauntlet thrown down none else that the judiciary itself . The judiciary , today , can not hide behind the usual excuses that point fingers towards other institutions for its failures . If it 's failing to deliver now , it is solely for the reasons to be found from within .
On Panama leaks , the hitherto proceedings in the SC are interpreted by ordinary Joes as the SC being pleased to describe Hamid Khan 's arguments in the case , needless to mention how damaging that proved for Hamid Khan 's political and legal career . It 's not very amusing to see the SC is being judged by the same standards that it set during the hearings of the Panama case . The new Chief Justice has not yet taken their oath but they have to give explanations – not on their legal competence , that they are said to have in abundance , but on their impartiality . They were Secretary Law of the PML-N government immediately before their elevation as a judge .
It 's a great relief that the system of elevation of judges through a faulty system mainly based of political affiliations has already been done away with by the Eighteenth Amendment . But it still has to take a few more years for the judiciary to put up with the allegation of partisanship since the appointees of the old system are at the highest positions of their careers now . Judges making appointments of judges for High Courts was a big step towards an independent judiciary but the new system too become controversial as the appointments were found devoid of any objective and merit-based criteria . So the lawyers belonging to certain chambers and families , mainly traced to the sitting or retired judges and prominent lawyers , made it as ‘ My Lords ' . The only resistance that could have come was from lawyers in bar politics , therefore , a piece of the pie was the answer . That was bound to invite criticism from the independent sections understanding the ins-and-outs of our judicial system- and it did come .
Thankfully , the recent appointments in Lahore High Court took a little step ahead towards transparency . As per some media reports , Chief Justice LHC sent performas to as many as 250 intending lawyers , who were required to submit their cases ' details , were scrutinised in a somewhat objective way and the result was that some of the best qualified were appointed . To quote two examples , Justice Chaudhry Abdul Aziz and Justice Bashir Paracha were the best lawyers of their bars in criminal filed . Though both are closely related to former judges , but no eyebrows have been raised . Similarly a good number was elevated from sessions judges which is also highly appreciated . Chief Justice of Pakistan , Justice Anwar Zaheer and Chief Justice of LHC , Justice Mansoor Ali Shah deserve the highest accolades . But that 's not saying that all appointments were the best or that there is no need to systematise objectivity and merit through necessary laws , rules and regulations . The fewer is left to the discretion of individual judges – CJs of HCs and the CJP in this case , the better .
The second most important issue that needs immediate attention is the training of judges of higher courts . The way courts are conducted needs a lot of improvement . Justice should not only be done but it should also appear to be done . Some times the justice is not even being done but many a time judges are doing justice , but to a common man they do not appear to be doing it . Before giving them judicial assignments they should be sensitised on how judges ' conduct in courts affects the credibility of the judiciary . When a common man observes elitist behaviour of judges – big names are given special treatment , elite litigants are treated differently , some lawyers get hours of court time and for others crossing the five minutes threshold becomes a daunting task , some lawyers get short adjournments with quick disposals , while others are left to test their patience , some decisions are written quickly while others have to wait for weeks and months – they take the impression that decisions are made according to the face value and not the merits of the cases .
And that takes us to the third problem . On administration of court affairs in the HCs and the SC , an unreasonably large part is left to the discretion of judges . An intensive effort is required to bring the discretion of the judges to the minimum and bring everything under the umbrella of rules and regulations in black and white .
Our subordinate judiciary needs immediate reforms and corruption needs to be curbed . An effort is observed in Punjab in this regard . But the wrong way has been invented to achieve the right goal . Delaying the promotions of hundreds of judges with allegedly bad reputations without even passing adverse orders , so they can not avail the remedy in higher forums , goes against the approach of systematically resolving the problems . Such subjective and impulsive tools give rise to ad-hocism , which is part of the problem instead of being a solution .
REUTERS : Chinese drone maker SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd is tightening data security on its drones after the U.S. Army ordered its members to stop using DJI drones because of `` cyber vulnerabilities , '' a company official told Reuters on Monday .
The privately held Shenzhen-based company is speeding deployment of a system that allows users to disconnect from the internet during flights , making it impossible for flight logs , photos or videos to reach DJI 's computer servers , Brendan Schulman , vice president of policy and legal affairs at DJI , said in an interview .
The security measure had been in the works for several months but DJI said it is bringing it out sooner than planned because of an Army memo earlier this month that barred service members from using DJI drones .
DJI said it has not had any communication with the Army about the issue . The Army had no immediate comment . The other branches of the military have not banned the use of drones by DJI , the largest consumer drone maker with millions of the devices sold .
`` The Army memo caused customers to express renewed concern about data security '' and prompted DJI to speed up data security changes , Schulman said .
Some drone pilots choose to share images and video with DJI , which makes them visible on its SkyPixel website . But many businesses and government customers have raised concerns about sensitive video and pictures - such as movie footage or images of critical infrastructure - and want to ensure it is never sent to DJI , they said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
DJI said it does not collect images , video or flight logs from users unless they share them . But turning on the new `` local data mode '' will prevent accidental syncing with DJI 's servers . Its drones do not rely on an internet connection to fly .
Cutting the link between the internet and DJI 's controller apps that run on tablets and mobile phones will disable updates of maps , flight restrictions and other data that the controller application receives from the internet while the drone is in use , they said .
Schulman said DJI plans to make updates to its controller applications available by the end of September , earlier than previously planned . The new apps with local data mode may not be available in all countries if there are regulations that require pilots to have the most updated maps and information .
DJI had about 70 percent share of the global commercial and consumer drone market , analysts at Goldman Sachs and Oppenheimer estimated in 2016 .
Goldman analysts estimated the market , including military , to be worth more than US $ 100 billion over the next five years .
( Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
Energy and Commerce Committee ranking member Frank Pallone Jr. , D-N.J. , and House Agriculture Committee ranking member Collin Peterson , D-Minn. , sent a letter to President Donald Trump last week urging them to `` instruct '' the Environmental Protection Agency to stop issuing waivers to fuel refiners under the Renewable Fuel Standard ( RFS ) program .
`` Misuse of the small refiner exemption to reduce renewable fuel volumes undermines the goal of the RFS program , creates uncertainty and economic hardship in the agricultural community , and gives unfair advantage to specific facilities within the refining sector , '' Pallone and Peterson wrote to Trump .
`` In addition , the lack of transparency and public accountability related to the granting of these waivers creates the appearance of partiality to favored interests . ''
Testing continues on the Tripp County , South Dakota cattle herd with Bovine tuberculosis .
The genetic analysis of the M. bovis bacteria recovered from the index cow indicates that it is a novel strain that has not previously been identified in the U.S. , said South Dakota State Veterinarian Dustin Oedekoven . They also said that it is not the same strain as was discovered in a Harding County , South Dakota , herd earlier this year .
`` The source of the TB has not been identified in this case , '' they said , explaining that it appears that the strain has ancestral `` cousins '' in Mexico .
State and federal animal health officials initiated testing on herds adjacent to the TB infected herd in Tripp County over a week ago . Five herds have completed testing with no significant findings at this time , while five other herds are either in the testing process or will be soon , Oedekoven said .
As of Dec. 6 , 2,935 head of cattle had been tested . The South Dakota Animal Industry board hopes to complete testing on adjacent herds by the first of the year .
Records and cattle sold from the infected herd are being traced out . This mostly amounts to feeder cattle which are rarely found to be infected with the slow-growing chronic disease .
Recommended Stories For You
According to Oedekoven , very few animals have entered the herd from outside sources in recent years , but the states of origin of those few have been contacted .
A feedlot containing cattle originating from the infected herd is under quarantine , as is the infected herd . No other herds are quarantined at this time .
New York Knicks legend Allan Houston 's lavish Westchester estate — which features a custom-designed cherry-wood basketball court — is about to hit the market for sale for just under $ 20 million .
The nearly 20,000-square-foot French revival home has 26 rooms , seven bedrooms and 10 marble bathrooms , all on 10 acres on Converse Lake .
It also boasts a music room with a domed , gilded ceiling , a movie theater , a huge great room and an “ architecturally significant trophy room , ” according to the listing .
Houston , currently the assistant general manager for the New York Knicks , won gold in the 2000 Sydney Olympics , and appears to have packed the trophy case with memorabilia .
There 's also a fitness center , marble-clad steam room ( with “ H ” monogrammed in tiles ) , a heated outdoor pool and a golf putting green . It is located in Conyers Farm , a private gated community bordering Greenwich , Conn. , and Armonk , NY , developed by billionaire Peter Brant .
Other residents include Netscape founder Jim Clark , Richard Baker of Hudson 's Bay Co. and Thomas Peterffy of Interactive Brokers Group .
The Greenwich Polo Club is also located on Conyers Farm .
Houston 's estate had been on the market a few years ago , then was removed from sale , but is now being relisted .
Sources say Houston , who played for the Knicks for nine years and has seven children with wife Tamara , is looking for a place in Manhattan .
We 're told that even though the home is 50 minutes from NYC , Houston wants to be closer to the team and spend less time traveling and more time with their kids .
Listing brokers Dolly Lenz Real Estate could n't be reached .
A chieftain of the Progressives Congress , APC , in Ebonyi state , Dr. Vincent Nwanchor , has said that the Former Vice President , Atiku Abubakar , is more suitable and capable to rule the nation so as to tackle and confront the numerous challenges currently bedeviling the nation .
The APC chieftain regretted that President Muhammadu Buhari has failed in all fronts and therefore warned against their reelection in 2019 saying that it portends grave danger to the unity and development of the country .
In a statement , the former APC Ebonyi Central Senatorial candidate , noted that at no other time in the history of Nigeria had the country been such divisive as it is currently seen under the present administration of Buhari .
They stated that the unity of Nigeria has been threatened by the activities of the marauding herdsmen , who have been killing innocent citizens while the Federal government has not done anything to curb the menace .
Nwanchor stressed that the former Vice President has remained consistent with their philosophy of participatory and all-inclusive democracy devoid of bigotry , ethnicity and religion as a catalyst for national development .
The Chieftain explained that they had candidly and dispassionately sat back to take a deep look at the contestants vis-a-vis the incumbent , and they had no single doubt that the Waziri of Adamawa is the man most suitable and best prepared for the task of re-building the broken walls of Nigeria .
Nwanchor said : “ Since the demise of the legendary Dr. Nnamdi Azikiwe , Mallam Aminu Kano and Chief Obafemi Awolowo , they are about the only other Nigerian politician that has seriously given attention to proffering the answers to the many plagues we are grappling with as a nation .
“ Atiku has made bold statements in the past and even still forging ahead with innovative panacea which can thrust our country to the threshold of greatness and make them stand tall in the comity of nations if only we shall heed their passionate intervention ( s ) .
“ He has a connection with the average Nigerian unlike most political leaders of this generation . They are called with fondness by their first name and many still look upon them for inspiration , especially now that Nigeria is reeling under severe economic hardship orchestrated by visionless and unpopular government policies that requires deftness and liberal thinking which appear in short supply in government circles .
“ Atiku , like a statesman has warned of our frightful voyage which requires fresh thinking . They have repeatedly asked those currently in power do the needful by exploring fresh thinking and boldly steering our nation ship from its present course which surely is not palatable .
“ The incessant migration of our youths across the high sea and land borders in a bid to escape to Europe has equally caught their attention . They maintain that government 's provision of the enabling environment for the youth to flourish is the only panacea that can stem the tide of migration and by extension , avoidable deaths .
“ Quite visionary , they would never for political expediency turn a blind eye to burning issues to stay afloat politically . They have proven and demonstrated even as vice-president their aversion for injustice of any shade or type .
“ At the book launch , “ We Are All Biafrans ” last year , they said , “ As some of you may know , I have for a long time advocated the need to restructure our federation . Our current structure and the practices it has encouraged have been a major impediment to the economic and political development of our country .
“ In short , it has not served Nigeria well , and at the risk of reproach it has not served my part of the country , the North , well . The call for restructuring is even more relevant today in light of the governance and economic challenges facing us . And the rising tide of agitations , militancy and pockets of violence , require a reset in our relationships as a united nation .
“ Since the public presentation of the book , they have not kept quiet and it is necessary that they do not . Their voice rings out at intervals with more stringency , which calls for detailed attention . At the late General Usman Katsina Memorial Conference , at the Umaru Musa Yar'Adua Memorial Hall , Murtala Square , Kaduna , they were at their element once again .
“ In a speech titled , “ Whether we Like it or Support it or Not , Restructuring Will Eventually Happen in Nigeria ” - which I recommend to everyone interested in the unity and survival of Nigeria-He said , ‘ I suggest we resolve today to support calls for the restructuring of the Nigerian Federation in order to strengthen its unity and stabilize its democracy ' .
“ I believe that restructuring will eventually happen whether we like or support it or not . The question is whether it will happen around a conference table , in a direction influenced by us or whether we will be an equal partner in the process . Or will it happen in a more unpredictable arena and in a manner over which we have little influence ? ”
Every once in a while , the dead turn up alive .
Sometimes , the bodies have just one bullet hole . Other times , after intense explosions , there is no body left at all . In between , families receive pieces of flesh and bones in a sealed coffin — something to help them find closure .
On Monday , on the edges of a crowded Kabul cemetery , friends dug a grave for Ahmad Tameem , 22 , a police officer , as about 200 mourners took cover from the snow under a tent . Tameem 's relatives shouldered their sealed coffin up a winding , muddy lane for a brief final audience with their mother , then lowered them to rest near their father 's grave .
At home , loved ones prepared for the rituals of moving on . Someone opened the door of a cage to set Tameem 's two pet parrots free . Large , grainy pictures of them were printed with “ Martyr Ahmad Tameem ” in red ink . Notices for a memorial service were sent out .
Mohammed Qaseem , Tameem 's cousin , was buying groceries for a meal after the memorial service when they received a call .
“ Tameem is alive , ” one of Tameem 's brothers said .
Qaseem thought it a cruel joke .
“ I just got a call from the intelligence agency hospital , ” the brother continued . “ He has become conscious , and they borrowed the doctor 's phone to call me . ”
Qaseem rushed to the hospital . There was their cousin , badly burned and breathing with the help of a ventilator as they went in and out of consciousness . But they were not dead .
Qaseem called home .
“ Listen carefully to what I am about to tell you , and please do n't scream , ” Qaseem instructed one of Tameem 's sisters . They were worried that someone might drop dead from a happy shock .
“ Tameem is alive , ” Qaseem told them “ We found them at the hospital . ”
There was a moment of silence . And then they screamed . On their end of the line , Qaseem was briefly forgotten . They could hear only screams of joy . One of the sisters fainted .
“ Maybe it was the prayer of those parrots who were freed from the cage , ” Ghulam Naqshband , an older neighbour , said with a smile .
Tameem was on duty in Kabul on Jan. 27 when a Taliban bomber drove an ambulance past two checkpoints on a busy street and detonated explosives . More than 100 people were killed and at least 200 wounded .
Lately , the explosions have become so devastating that bodies are often hard to identify .
After each attack in Kabul , the bodies arrive at the city 's forensic medicine department . Families go there to identify and collect the remains . Often , there is not enough to identify — just a torso , or limbs . The department does not have the capabilities for DNA testing .
Some unclaimed bodies remain at the morgue for weeks , or months . Then , quietly , municipal workers pick them up for a burial .
The explosion was so large that Mohammed Roeen , another cousin of Tameem , said they could see the smoke from their rooftop across town . Once it became clear that it had happened near the officer 's duty station , the search began . Tameem 's phone was switched off . Relatives went from the site of the attack to every city hospital .
They found no trace of him .
Roeen said they managed to reach the company commander . “ He said : ‘ Look , they were standing here . This is the container . This is where the car bomb detonated . How can we expect them to be alive ? ' ”
After two days of searching , they returned to the morgue . The bodies that remained were in bad shape . Qaseem said they settled on a torso that was skinny and young — like Tameem 's . The forensic staff members did some blood tests and said it was him . They said they would wash and prepare them in a coffin for pickup the next morning . The government gave the family a death payment of about $ 2,000 .
Then , Qaseem turned to the more difficult task : breaking the news to Tameem 's mother and sisters . One of the officer 's sisters had set aside about $ 20 of their savings , saying they would give it as alms to the poor if they heard good news .
“ We prepared and convinced their mother that this was God 's will , that the women should not open the coffin , ” Qaseem said .
When the coffin was placed in the yard , the women wailed and threw themselves at it . Quickly , the men lifted the coffin again and made their way to the cemetery . No one really knows whom they buried .
As Tameem 's family and friends celebrate their second life , another family is still searching .
After the call of good news , Tameem 's mother and sisters went to the hospital . But they had to wait outside for about two hours because the Afghan president was visiting the wounded .
When their mother got in , many in the room were trying to keep it brief so that the emotions would not overwhelm Tameem .
“ They were both crying , ” Qaseem said . “ Tameem had tears , and they were able to move their hand . ”
Them son given a second life , the mother has left for their village , in Kapisa province . Four others from their village were killed in the ambulance bombing . They wanted to mourn with their families .
Naqshband , the neighbour , said distant relatives who had not been informed of the twist still arrive at the house to pay their respects .
“ Even today , I was just standing here and a woman came asking for directions : ‘ Where is the house of martyr Tameem ? ' ” Naqshband said . “ I said : ‘ He is alive . Do n't you go into their house saying martyr . ' ”
Tameem is on the mend , though their wounds are critical . Even so , Qaseem said , hospital workers ask visitors if they are there to see “ the dead police officer who became alive . ”
Grammy award-winner Petula Clark sang their global hit `` Downtown '' about as far from `` where the neon signs are pretty '' as they could at the weekend - to thousands in a field in rural England .
CROPREDY , England : Grammy award-winner Petula Clark sang their global hit `` Downtown '' about as far from `` where the neon signs are pretty '' as they could at the weekend - to thousands in a field in rural England .
It was the 84-year-old 's first outdoor festival in a career spanning , well , eight decades .
`` I 'm always trying new things , '' they told Reuters .
Clark 's set at the Fairport Cropredy Convention included some of their other '60s hits , including `` Colour My World '' , `` I know a Place '' and `` Do n't Sleep in the Subway '' , but also new songs from their latest album `` From Now On '' .
`` This is not an old '60s thing by any means , I do n't do ... looking back , '' they said .
Indeed , they are working on a new album of French-Canadian songs ahead of a tour next May .
Advertisement
Advertisement
As might be expected , Clark closed their Cropredy show with their biggest hit , `` Downtown '' , leading the crowd as they sang along with the chorus .
`` Downtown '' topped the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 in 1964 , reached number two in the UK chart , won Clark their first Grammy and was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2003 .
Clark , whose career stretches back to World War Two , when they sang on BBC radio to entertain British troops aged nine , has never shied from breaking new ground .
In the 1950s , they moved to Paris and recorded numerous songs in French , working over the years with the likes of Jacques Brel , Serge Gainsbourg and Charles Aznavour . Them website lists 10 `` gold record '' singles that have sold a million copies , including one each in French and German .
They have appeared in numerous films , including singing and dancing with Fred Astaire in 1968 's `` Finian 's Rainbow '' directed by Francis Ford Coppola .
The same year , in a U.S. TV special , they sang a duet with African-American singer and civil rights activist Harry Belafonte . As they sang the anti-war song `` On the Path of Glory '' co-written by Clark , they touched their arm - to the dismay of the show 's sponsors .
A white woman touching a black man on television was taboo in the 1960s America .
To head off the sponsors , Clark 's team destroyed all other takes .
`` We were not going to be told what to do and what not to do , '' they said . `` Maybe I was naive . It seemed to me like a storm in a teacup but of course it was that particular time in that particular country . ''
A U.S. tour in November and December takes Clark from California to New York . Then they play eight dates in French Canada , where they will perform in French .
So no plans to slow down ?
`` Not at the moment . My voice is in great shape . I do n't really do anything to help it , I just go out and do it , '' they said .
( Reporting by Nigel Stephenson Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
UNITED NATIONS : China failed on Monday to stop the fourth annual United Nations Security Council meeting on human rights abuses in North Korea , saying it was not the right forum to discuss the issue and warning that it could further escalate tensions in the region .
For the fourth time , China unsuccessfully tried to stop the public meeting by calling a procedural vote . A minimum of nine votes are needed to win such a vote and China , Russia , the United States , Britain and France can not wield their vetoes .
Ten members voted in favour of holding the meeting , China , Russia and Bolivia voted against and Egypt and Ethiopia abstained .
`` Council members and relevant parties should engage themselves with finding ways to ease tensions on the Peninsula . They should avoid mutual provocation and words or actions that might further escalate the situation , '' China 's Deputy U.N . Ambassador Wu Haitao told the council before the vote .
`` ( The ) council 's discussion of the human rights issue in the DPRK ( North Korea ) runs counter to the above objective and is counterproductive , '' they said .
A landmark 2014 U.N. report on North Korean human rights concluded that North Korean security chiefs - and possibly leader Kim Jong-un themselves - should face justice for overseeing a state-controlled system of Nazi-style atrocities .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Last year , the United States angered North Korea by blacklisting its leader Kim for human rights abuses .
`` We continue to think there 's a separation between peace and security and human rights and there 's not , '' U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the Security Council . `` Prevention also includes human rights and being able to call out countries when they do abuses like this . ''
North Korea has repeatedly rejected accusations of human rights abuses and blames sanctions for a dire humanitarian situation . Pyongyang has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its ballistic missiles and nuclear programs .
The Security Council is due to hold a ministerial meeting on North Korea 's nuclear and missiles programs on Friday .
( Reporting by Michelle Nichols ; Editing by Susan Thomas )
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - An attorney for President Donald Trump 's longtime personal lawyer , Michael Cohen , accused porn star Stormy Daniels ' lawyer in federal court on Wednesday of leaking Cohen 's bank records , calling it a `` drive-by shooting of my client 's rights . ''
In a hearing before U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood in Manhattan , Cohen attorney Stephen Ryan also called the alleged leak by Daniels ' attorney , Michael Avenatti , `` reckless , '' `` malicious '' and `` intentional . ''
Avenatti responded , `` We did not do anything improper relating to the release of any information concerning Mr . Cohen . ''
The hearing stemmed from an investigation of Cohen by federal prosecutors regarding their business dealings . They have not been charged with any crime .
Wood ordered Cohen 's attorneys to finish reviewing millions of documents authorities seized from them by mid-June , overriding their request for more time .
Avenatti has released details of payments to Cohen from a company with ties to a Russian oligarch , who the United States sanctioned over suspected Moscow meddling in the 2016 U.S. election . Such disclosures could add pressure on Cohen .
Avenatti had asked Wood to allow them to represent Daniels in the Cohen case . They have said they believe some of the seized materials could relate to Daniels , whose real name is Stephanie Clifford .
Cohen has asked Wood to deny Avenatti permission to appear before the court , saying Daniels ' lawyer violated court rules by making what they characterized as false statements about Cohen in news media appearances .
A lawyer for Trump , Joanna Hendon , told Wood `` we endorse fully '' Ryan 's arguments on whether Avenatti should be admitted to the court .
Wood did not rule on whether Avenatti would have a formal role in the case . But they made clear they would not give them an open platform in their courtroom `` where you 're free to denigrate Mr. Cohen and , I believe , potentially , deprive them of a fair trial by tainting a jury pool '' if criminal charges were ever brought against Cohen .
Wood ordered Cohen 's lawyers to complete their review of 3.7 million files , which are being examined to determine whether they fall under attorney-client privilege .
`` We 're moving heaven and Earth '' to review the files , said Todd Harrison , a Cohen attorney who had asked the judge to give them until mid-July . Harrison said Cohen 's attorneys had reviewed 1.3 million files so far .
The investigation by the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Manhattan stems in part from a referral by Special Counsel Robert Mueller , who is probing whether Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign colluded with Russia . Trump has repeatedly said there was no collusion , and Russia has denied interfering in the elections .
Cohen has worked for Trump for more than a decade , first as counsel at the Trump Organization and later than their personal lawyer .
In 2016 , Cohen paid Daniels $ 130,000 , which they have said was to buy their silence about a sexual encounter they say they had with Trump in 2006 . The president has denied the allegation .
After the April raids on Cohen 's home and office , Cohen and Trump asked the judge to block prosecutors from reviewing the seized documents , citing attorney-client privilege .
Wood responded by appointing former U.S. District Judge Barbara Jones as a so-called special master to review whether any of the documents were shielded by attorney-client privilege before turning them over to prosecutors .
In a court filing on Tuesday evening , Jones said they had already turned over to prosecutors more than 290,000 seized items that were not marked privileged by Cohen or Trump .
They said that more than a million items from three seized phones had also been designated as not privileged by Cohen and Trump , and would be turned over to prosecutors on Wednesday .
Cohen and Trump have made at least 252 claims of privilege , according to the filing .
( Reporting by Brendan Pierson and Jonathan Stempel in New York ; writing by Jonathan Oatis ; editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
REUTERS : A U.S. trade association representing medical laboratories filed a lawsuit on Monday challenging a new reimbursement system used by the federal government that it said would reduce how much Medicare pays for labs by about US $ 670 million in 2018 .
The American Clinical Laboratory Association ( ACLA ) in a lawsuit in federal court in Washington , D.C. , said the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ( CMS ) ignored Congressional intent by implementing the new system following the passage of a 2014 law .
That law , the Protecting Access to Medicare Act ( PAMA ) , aimed to establish a market-based pricing for certain lab tests and required laboratories to report information to ensure Medicare reimbursement rates were closer to those private insurers pay .
CMS declined to comment on the litigation .
The lawsuit came after CMS last month rolled out deep cuts to reimbursement rates for some lab tests under Medicare that could save the government as much as US $ 3 billion over five years but could hurt laboratory companies ' margins .
In its lawsuit , ACLA argued that while PAMA required all `` applicable laboratories '' report market information on private payors , CMS had arbitrarily exempted 99.3 percent of the laboratory market from the reporting requirement .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The vast majority of the data was instead collected from the country 's two largest laboratory owners , including Quest Diagnostics Inc , the lawsuit said .
As a result , CMS has implemented PAMA 's reporting requirements in a way that `` cherry-picks data '' from a small piece of the market that receives the lowest private payor rates , the lawsuit said .
`` We have repeatedly advised CMS that there are significant , substantive deficiencies in the final rule , which fails to follow the specific commands of the PAMA statute , '' ACLA President Julie Khani said in a statement .
Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings and Quest , who are both members of ACLA , in separate statements said that they supported the lawsuit .
`` These rates , if allowed to take effect , will have significant negative consequences for Medicare beneficiaries and throughout the healthcare system , '' LabCorp Chief Executive David King said in a statement .
The case is American Clinical Laboratory Association v. Hargan , U.S. District Court , District of Columbia , No . 17-cv-2645 .
( Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
LONDON : Scientists have for the first time fixed a protein defect that causes Huntingdon 's disease by injecting a drug from Ionis Pharmaceuticals into the spine , offering new hope for patients with the devastating genetic disease .
The success in the early-stage clinical trial has prompted Roche to exercise its option to license the product , called IONIS-HTT ( Rx ) , at a cost of US $ 45 million .
Lead researcher Sarah Tabrizi , professor of clinical neurology at University College London , said the ability of the drug to tackle the underlying cause of Huntingdon 's by lowering levels of a toxic protein was `` ground-breaking '' .
`` The key now is to move quickly to a larger trial to test whether IONIS-HTT ( Rx ) slows disease progression , '' they said in a statement on Monday .
Huntingdon 's is a progressive neurodegenerative disease affecting mental abilities and physical control that normally hits sufferers between the ages of 30 and 50 years before continually worsening over a 10- to 25-year period .
There is currently no effective disease-modifying treatment for the condition , with existing medicines focused only on managing disease symptoms .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ionis said Roche would now be responsible for all IONIS-HTT ( Rx ) development , regulatory and commercialization activities and costs .
( Reporting by Ben Hirschler ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Monday as investors prepared for an expected Federal Reserve rate hike later in the week , while stocks rose around the world on continued solid global economic growth indicators . Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , U.S. , December 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermidThe Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S & P 500 opened flat after news of an explosion in New York 's busy Port Authority commuter hub which New York Mayor Bill de Blasio described as an “ attempted terrorist attack. ” U.S. stocks edged higher after worries receded over the explosion . “ The market makes an assessment almost immediately as soon as new information comes in , and this is what you 're seeing , ” said Quincy Krosby , chief market strategist at Prudential Financial in New Jersey . “ You 're seeing the equity market move higher and the Treasury yields climb just a bit. ” The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 56.87 points , or 0.23 percent , to 24,386.03 , the S & P 500 .SPX gained 8.49 points , or 0.32 percent , to 2,659.99 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 35.00 points , or 0.51 percent , to 6,875.08 . Gains in the energy .SPNY and technology .SPLRCT indexes helped boost Wall Street . CenturyLink ( CTL.N ) rose 8.18 percent after the telecom provider signed a 5-year contract with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania . MSCI 's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS gained 0.38 percent . “ There 's somewhat of an enthusiasm that global growth is more synchronized than it 's been in a long time , and it 's synchronized in the right direction , ” said Scott Wren , a senior global equity strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute in St. Louis , Missouri . MSCI 's emerging market stock index .MSCIEF rose 0.83 percent . Its broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS closed 0.81 percent higher , while Japan 's Nikkei .N225 rose 0.56 percent . The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 lost 0.01 percent . British shares rose on a weaker pound , rising oil prices and growing confidence in the financial sector . The blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE closed 0.8 percent higher . Tokens of the virtual currency Bitcoin are seen placed on a monitor that displays binary digits in this illustration picture , December 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/IllustrationInterest in the surging bitcoin and opening of futures trading continued to fuel bets on cryptocurrency-related stocks , many of which have risen exponentially in value in the past three months . Bitcoin futures jumped more than 20 percent in the U.S. debut on Sunday . The spot price quoted by Bitstamp showed one Bitcoin up 15.34 percent at $ 16,944.04 . BTC=BTSP TREASURY PRICES NEAR FLAT U.S. Treasury debt prices were near flat after rallying earlier in the session on safe-haven buying after the New York blast . Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last fell 2/32 in price to yield 2.3885 percent , from 2.383 percent late on Friday . The 30-year bond US30YT=RR was last nearly flat in price to yield 2.7746 percent , from 2.775 percent late on Friday . The U.S. dollar rebounded ahead of the Federal Reserve 's two-day policy meeting that ends on Wednesday . The U.S. central bank is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates . Tepid wage growth in Friday 's jobs report for November added to concerns that inflation will remain benign and complicate the Fed 's ability to execute further hikes . The dollar index .DXY rose 0.03 percent , with the euro EUR= up 0.07 percent to $ 1.1772 . Oil prices rose , reversing earlier losses , after a North Sea pipeline shut for repairs and investors focused on commodities following the New York blast . U.S. crude CLcv1 rose 1.12 percent to $ 58.00 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 was last at $ 64.69 , up 2.03 percent .
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
Image via Getty .
Healthcare in America is on shaky ground . Trump 's bill failed to reach a vote and though the ACA remains in place , no one is certain what will happen with legislation going forward . We 're talking with Planned Parenthood to make sense of health insurance to get the care we need .
Listen above or find us in all the usual places where podcasts are served , including Apple Podcasts , Google Play , Spotify , iHeartRadio , Stitcher , and NPR One . Please subscribe , rate , and review !
This Week 's Discussion
On this episode we 're joined by Alencia Johnson , Director of Constituency Communications at Planned Parenthood Federation of America and Planned Parenthood Action Fund , and Elizabeth Clark , Director of Health Media at Planned Parenthood Federation of America and the Planned Parenthood Action Fund . We discuss the Affordable Care Act , federal funding , Medicaid , and how it all works together so that people can get the care their need at Planned Parenthood .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Just last week , President Trump quietly signed a bill allowing states to withhold funds to health centers that perform abortions . In practice , this just means that people will have fewer options for preventative care , as the vast majority of Planned Parenthood 's work involves things like cancer screenings , access to contraception , prenatal care—particularly for low-income people who might not otherwise have access to healthcare .
We also discuss the pros and cons of IUDs , getting tested for STIs , the current state of Roe v. Wade given the recent appointment of Neil Gorsuch , and what you can do to make your voice heard .
If you have any questions about your health and the services available at Planned Parenthood , visit PlannedParenthood.org or check with your local health center . If you 'd like some impartial analysis on Planned Parenthood and recent legislation , consider reading the Annals of Internal Medicine , The Atlantic , The Guardian , the Washington Post , and NPR , or look at their own fact sheets and reports .
Our Upgrades of the Week
Every week we like to round out the show with the little upgrades we 've made in our own life . This week we 're purging unessential clutter , waxing our glasses , and getting ready to travel .
Sponsored
Melissa : Melissa made an important investment—she bought a good carry-on bag . In anticipation of upcoming adventures , she 's found a bag from Baggu which should fit under an airplane seat while supplying plenty of room .
Melissa made an important investment—she bought a good carry-on bag . In anticipation of upcoming adventures , she 's found a bag from Baggu which should fit under an airplane seat while supplying plenty of room . Alencia and Elizabeth : Alencia and Liz are both doing a sort of Marie Kondo-style purge and getting rid of all the clutter in their lives . That means ditching unused clothes as well as old college papers filling up filing cabinets .
Alencia and Liz are both doing a sort of Marie Kondo-style purge and getting rid of all the clutter in their lives . That means ditching unused clothes as well as old college papers filling up filing cabinets . Andy : Nerdwax helps keep my glasses from slipping down my face . I 've written about this before , but it 's a tacky wax substance that you rub on the nose bridge of your glasses , the part that makes contact with your nose .
How Do I Submit a Question ?
There are two ways to send in your question :
Advertisement
Call ( 347 ) 687-8109 and record a question . Calls are awesome ! We like them , and may play yours on the show !
and record a question . Email your question to upgrade @ lifehacker.com .
Please keep your questions as brief as possible . This means about 3-5 sentences for emails and 30-60 seconds for calls and videos . Your questions can be specific , but broader questions are generally better because they 'll apply to more people . Either way , we look forward to hearing from you .
Unless you 're an interior designer scouting fine furniture for a celebrity client , the pristine showrooms along the La Cienega Design Quarter might feel a tad out of reach .
But this weekend , those showrooms are shifting their prized pieces outdoors and slashing their prices .
The first sidewalk sale along the LCDQ will feature wares of about 30 showrooms from Santa Monica to Rosewood , spilling over onto Melrose Avenue and Melrose Place . The designers that sell to the likes of Oprah Winfrey and Jennifer Aniston are clearing out their warehouses : Christopher Farr rugs discounted from $ 2,500 to $ 250 , table lamps originally priced at more than $ 2,000 are half price , ceramics that once cost $ 80 are now $ 20 and fabric and wallpaper remnants can be found for $ 10 .
Top design and decor names such as Madeline Stuart , Serena & Lily and Harbinger will be taking part .
Allen J. Schaben / Los Angeles Times Interior of Harbinger on La Cienega . Interior of Harbinger on La Cienega . ( Allen J. Schaben / Los Angeles Times )
Unless you 're an interior designer scouting fine furniture for a celebrity client , the pristine showrooms along the La Cienega Design Quarter might feel a tad out of reach .
But this weekend , those showrooms are shifting their prized pieces outdoors and slashing their prices .
The first sidewalk sale along the LCDQ will feature wares of about 30 showrooms from Santa Monica to Rosewood , spilling over onto Melrose Avenue and Melrose Place . The designers that sell to the likes of Oprah Winfrey and Jennifer Aniston are clearing out their warehouses : Christopher Farr rugs discounted from $ 2,500 to $ 250 , table lamps originally priced at more than $ 2,000 are half price , ceramics that once cost $ 80 are now $ 20 and fabric and wallpaper remnants can be found for $ 10 .
Top design and decor names such as Madeline Stuart , Serena & Lily and Harbinger will be taking part .
“ Our showroom has been here 21 years and we 've never had a sale , ” said Robert Willson , owner of Downtown . “ We have a 10,000-square-foot warehouse with pieces that never made it to our showroom . We thought it was time to pull out some things. ” These will include Midcentury pieces and antiques — sofas , cabinets , Lucite chairs ; Willson said many will be discounted by up to 80 % .
“ It 's a great opportunity for consumers who might be too intimidated to go into a showroom , ” said Orli Ben-Dor , creative director for Hollywood at Home , owned by acclaimed designer Peter Dunham . “ It 's a good idea to band together and have this walkable sidewalk where everything is centralized . Nobody will have the same things as a neighbor. ” Look for Hollywood at Home 's vintage pillows and throws , table and floor lamps and other home accents , priced at $ 15 and up .
What : LCDQ Sidewalk Sale
When : 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Oct. 6 and 7
Where : La Cienega Design Quarter , along the intersection of La Cienega Boulevard and Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles
Info : lcdqla.com
CAPTION Chef Margarita Manzke shows how they make the Filipino ice cream dessert halo halo at République . Chef Margarita Manzke shows how they make the Filipino ice cream dessert halo halo at République . CAPTION Chef Margarita Manzke shows how they make the Filipino ice cream dessert halo halo at République . Chef Margarita Manzke shows how they make the Filipino ice cream dessert halo halo at République . CAPTION Los Angeles Times staff photographer Jay L. Clendenin photographs Kaley Cuoco ( `` The Big Bang Theory '' ) poolside with their two pit bull mixes , Norman and Shirley , and their shaggy terrier mix , Ruby . Los Angeles Times staff photographer Jay L. Clendenin photographs Kaley Cuoco ( `` The Big Bang Theory '' ) poolside with their two pit bull mixes , Norman and Shirley , and their shaggy terrier mix , Ruby . CAPTION Goat yoga , which is yoga practiced in the presence of — and in tandem with — live goats , is the latest exercise to capture the imaginations and Instagram feeds of Angelenos . ( Video by Claire Hannah Colins / Los Angeles Times ) Goat yoga , which is yoga practiced in the presence of — and in tandem with — live goats , is the latest exercise to capture the imaginations and Instagram feeds of Angelenos . ( Video by Claire Hannah Colins / Los Angeles Times ) CAPTION Varisiri Methachittiphan 's cat , Nala ( @ Nala_cat ) , has 3.4 million Instagram followers . Methachittiphan is also running the accounts for for two other cats , Coffee ( @ white_coffee_cat ) , who has 1.5 million followers , and Luna ( @ hello_luna_rose ) who has more than 300,000 . Varisiri Methachittiphan 's cat , Nala ( @ Nala_cat ) , has 3.4 million Instagram followers . Methachittiphan is also running the accounts for for two other cats , Coffee ( @ white_coffee_cat ) , who has 1.5 million followers , and Luna ( @ hello_luna_rose ) who has more than 300,000 . CAPTION Pearl the tortoise eats lettuce . Pearl the tortoise eats lettuce .
Home @ latimes.com
For an easy way to follow the L.A. scene , bookmark L.A. at Home and join us on our Facebook page for home design , Twitter and Pinterest .
ALSO :
A shopper 's guide to La Cienega
Shopping Melrose Avenue 's thriving design district
More Southern California home tours
REUTERS : Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw will miss the rest of the Six Nations matches after damaging ankle ligaments , the Scottish Rugby Union ( SRU ) said on Wednesday .
The scrumhalf was injured in the first half of Scotland 's 22-16 defeat by France at the Stade de France in Paris on Sunday and left the stadium on crutches .
`` The extent of the damage is such that they will take no further part in the current championship , '' the SRU said in a statement .
`` Laidlaw will see a specialist later in the week to determine the best course of management and estimated time out of the sport . ''
Scotland , who beat Ireland 27-22 in their first game , face Wales at Murrayfield in the third round on Feb. 25 .
( Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru , editing by Lary King )
A 45-year-old Brantford man is charged with several offences after allegedly being caught masturbating in front of a woman outside of their home and assaulting a pursuing police officer .
A woman who was standing out front of their home on George Street waiting for a ride was approached by an unknown man who had been walking down the sidewalk .
The man asked them a few questions . Then they then pulled out their genitals and began to masturbate , police said . The woman 's ride arrived and they left the area , but called the police with a detailed description of the suspect .
Officers began searching area . One officer saw a man sitting on a bench in Victoria Park who matched the description of the suspect , including a description of a bag they were carrying , police said . The officer parked their vehicle and approached the suspect . The suspect saw the officer heading their way and began to walk away . The officer caught up to them and told them they were under arrest for an indecent act , police said .
The suspect started to run away and the officer ran after him . At one point , the man turned around , raised their hand and swung a leather belt with a buckle at the officer , police said . The officer quickly jumped out of the way but the suspect squared off with the officer , who took control of them and arrested them with the aid of another officer .
A female citizen approached the officers after seeing the arrest . They said that before they arrived , they were walking along Darling Street when they saw the accused walking and masturbating .
A 45-year-old Brantford man is charged with committing an indecent act , breach of probation , escaping lawful custody and assault with a weapon .
MMarion @ postmedia.com
@ expMarion
TORONTO : A van driver who ran over 10 people when they ploughed onto a busy Toronto sidewalk was charged with murder on Tuesday ( Apr 23 ) , as Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau urged a rattled nation not to live in fear after the `` senseless attack . ''
Police said the suspect , 25-year-old Alek Minassian , was not known to them before Monday 's carnage in Canada 's most populous city , which also left 15 people injured .
They also are not in the crosshairs of intelligence and security agencies , leading Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale to sideline the theory of a terror attack such as those carried out by extremists in London , Nice and other major cities .
`` On the basis of all available information at the present time , there would appear to be no national security connection to this particular incident , '' Goodale said .
But authorities said the incident during the busy lunch hour on Monday was undoubtedly deliberate , and Minassian - their head shaved , and in a white police jumpsuit - was charged with first degree murder in a brief court appearance .
They also face multiple counts of attempted murder over those injured in the incident .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Two South Koreans were among the dead , a foreign ministry official in Seoul told AFP , adding that another of the country 's citizens seriously injured .
As the wounded recovered in local hospitals , federal , provincial and local investigators were probing the case , Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said .
`` Canadians across the country are shocked and saddened by this senseless attack , '' Trudeau told a news conference .
But , they added : `` We must not start living in fear and uncertainty every day as we go about our daily lives . ''
Police officers stand near one of the bodies of the victims in downtown Toronto . ( Photo : AFP/Lars Hagberg )
'KILL ME '
Students who attended a Toronto vocational school with Minassian described them as withdrawn and a bit awkward .
The suspect lived with their father in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill , and attended Seneca College , according to their LinkedIn social media profile .
Minassian kept mostly to themselves at school , and seemed to constantly rub their head or hands - a sign of obsessive-compulsive disorder ( OCD ) , classmates told local media .
Ari Blaff , one of the students , told public broadcaster CBC that Minassian 's behavior `` was usually quite strange . '' But he 'd `` never noticed anything violent '' - the suspect just `` made people feel uneasy around him . ''
Minassian , who has an imposing physical build , defied a police officer during their arrest .
Wielding an object in their left hand , standing near the van with its front end smashed , the suspect shouted `` kill me '' to the police officer with their gun drawn , according to an amateur video posted on social media .
The police officer approached the suspect as they knelt and handcuffed him .
The city 's police chief later said Minassian was unarmed .
For 30 minutes prior , panic struck along the nearly kilometre-long ( half-mile ) stretch of Yonge Street where the driver had jumped the curb onto the sidewalk .
`` He was going really fast , '' witness Alex Shaker told CTV television .
`` All I could see was just people one by one getting knocked out , knocked out , one by one , '' Shaker said . `` There are so many people lying down on the streets . ''
On Tuesday , police continued to comb the crime scene for evidence , while crowds gathered at a makeshift memorial to leave messages of condolences and flowers .
`` We must remain a country that is open and free and comfortable with its values , and we will continue to do that , '' Trudeau said .
Officials will `` reflect on the changing situations in which we are in , and do everything we can to keep Canadians safe , '' they added .
Aug 13 ( Reuters ) - Winners of the PGA Championship following the two-shot victory by American Justin Thomas in the 99th edition played at Quail Hollow Club in Charlotte , North Carolina ( U.S. unless stated ) :
2017 Justin Thomas
2016 Jimmy Walker
2015 Jason Day ( Australia )
2014 Rory McIlroy ( Northern Ireland )
2013 Jason Dufner
2012 McIlroy
2011 Keegan Bradley
2010 Martin Kaymer ( Germany )
2009 Yang Yong-eun ( South Korea )
2008 Padraig Harrington ( Ireland )
2007 Tiger Woods
2006 Woods
2005 Phil Mickelson
2004 Vijay Singh ( Fiji )
2003 Shaun Micheel
2002 Rich Beem
2001 David Toms
2000 Woods
1999 Woods
1998 Singh
1997 Davis Love III
1996 Mark Brooks
1995 Steve Elkington ( Australia )
1994 Nick Price ( Zimbabwe )
1993 Paul Azinger
1992 Price
1991 John Daly
1990 Wayne Grady ( Australia )
1989 Payne Stewart
1988 Jeff Sluman
1987 Larry Nelson
1986 Bob Tway
1985 Hubert Green
1984 Lee Trevino
1983 Hal Sutton
1982 Ray Floyd
1981 Nelson
1980 Jack Nicklaus
1979 David Graham ( Australia )
1978 John Mahaffey
1977 Lanny Wadkins
1976 Dave Stockton
1975 Nicklaus
1974 Trevino
1973 Nicklaus
1972 Gary Player ( South Africa )
1971 Nicklaus
1970 Stockton
1969 Floyd
1968 Julius Boros
1967 Don January
1966 Al Geiberger
1965 Dave Marr
1964 Bobby Nichols
1963 Nicklaus
1962 Player
1961 Jerry Barber
1960 Jay Hebert
1959 Bob Rosburg
1958 Dow Finsterwald
1957 Lionel Hebert
1956 Jack Burke
1955 Doug Ford
1954 Chick Harbert
1953 Walter Burkemo
1952 Jim Turnesa
1951 Sam Snead
1950 Chandler Harper
1949 Snead
1948 Ben Hogan
1947 Jim Ferrier ( Australia )
1946 Hogan
1945 Byron Nelson
1944 Bob Hamilton
1943 No championship played
1942 Snead
1941 Vic Ghezzi
1940 Nelson
1939 Henry Picard
1938 Paul Runyan
1937 Denny Shute
1936 Shute
1935 Johnny Revolta
1934 Runyan
1933 Gene Sarazen
1932 Olin Dutra
1931 Tom Creavy
1930 Tommy Armour
1929 Leo Diegel
1928 Diegel
1927 Walter Hagen
1926 Hagen
1925 Hagen
1924 Hagen
1923 Sarazen
1922 Sarazen
1921 Hagen
1920 Jock Hutchison
1919 Jim Barnes ( England )
1918 No championship played
1917 No championship played
1916 Barnes ( Editing by Frank Pingue )
Prime Minister Narendra Modi kept the promise they had made during the last Mann ki Baat address and delivered their shortest Independence Day speech as PM.Having made a record of delivering the longest Independence Day speech last year , Modi limited this year 's Red Fort speech at 57 minutes.Last year , they had spoken for 96 minutes , the longest ever Independence Day address by an Indian Prime Minister.India 's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru spoke for 72 minutes in 1947 , which was till 2015 the longest ever speech from the Red Fort.In their radio address Mann Ki Baat last month , Modi said they had received letters from people complaining that their Independence Day speeches were `` a little too long '' and promised to make a shorter speech.He spoke for over 65 minutes in 2014 and 86 minutes in 2015.Modi 's predecessor Manmohan Singh , who delivered 10 speeches over their long tenure at the helm , stuck to the 50-minute mark in their Independence Day speeches.While they delivered speeches that lasted 50 minutes only on two occasions — 2005 and 2006 — during remaining eight years , their speech ranged from 32 to 45 minutes.Modi 's party colleague and the first BJP prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee spoke for 30-35 minutes in their Independence Day addresses.On August 2002 , they delivered a speech that lasted 25 minutes , while in 2003 they gave a 30-minute address from the historic 17th century Mughal monument . ( With PTI inputs )
Two men face an assortment of charges after illegal drugs and an imitation firearm were seized during a raid at a Rexdale pot shop .
Toronto Police say officers executed a search warrant at Starbuds Dispensary , near Albion Rd . and Hwy . 27 , around 6 p.m. on Jan. 29 .
Const . David Hopkinson revealed Saturday that the following items were seized :
– 82.58 grams of marijuana shatter with a street value of $ 4200.00
– 363.7 grams of marijuana with a street value of $ 3700.00
– 3 packs of marijuana cookies with a street value of $ 50.00
– 8 packs of marijuana gummies with a street value of $ 160.00
– 22 pills of marijuana resin with a street value of $ 220.00
– an undisclosed amount of an unknown white powder
– an MP5 BB sub-machine gun
– $ 211.00 in Canadian cash
Kevin McKnight , 31 , and Steven Deocharan , 29 , both of Toronto , are each charged with three counts of possession for the purpose of trafficking marihuana , three counts of possession of marihuana and one counts of possession of the proceeds of crime .
Their arrests come just days after two Toronto cops made headlines for allegedly eating marijuana edibles while guarding a dispensary after a raid near Eglinton Ave. W. and Black Creek Dr .
Sources said the cops got high , began hallucinating , wandered off and one of them called an off-duty colleague for help , which sparked a response from four west end divisions last weekend .
One of the officers was later found up in a tree .
Const . Vittorio Dominelli , a 10 year veteran , and Const . Jamie Young , who has been on the force for two years , were suspended with pay while Professional Standards investigates .
The accused in the Starbuds Dispensary raid are scheduled to appear in court at Old City Hall on March 9 .
cdoucette @ postmedia.com
BOSTON : Geoffrey Kirui and Edna Kiplagat produced a Kenyan sweep at the Boston Marathon , winning the men 's and women 's races on Monday by conquering the race 's hilly final miles to establish their dominance .
Kirui finished in two hours nine minutes and 37 seconds after holding off a challenge by American Galen Rupp in the race 's final stretch down Boylston Street , the site of the deadly 2013 bombing attack .
Kirui repeatedly tested Rupp in the closing miles , with the American Olympic bronze medalist eventually unable to match the Kenyan 's pace .
`` He put in several surges and I was able to cover a few of them , '' Rupp told reporters after the race .
Kiplagat , a 38-year-old mother of two whose resume includes marathon wins in London , Moscow , New York and Daegu , ran alone for the final miles of the race and finished in 2:21:52 , almost a minute ahead of Bahrain 's Rose Chelimo .
The Kenyan maintained their comfortable lead despite briefly stopping in the final miles when they realized they had grabbed a rival 's water bottle from an aid station and went back to return it .
`` I had to put back something which was not mine , '' Kiplagat told reporters . `` I was afraid , because you know , if you miss water it can affect you . ''
American Jordan Hasay set a record for an American women 's debut marathon , coming in third in 2:23:00 . Japan 's Suguru Osako finished third among the men .
Security was high along the course , which begins in Hopkinton , Massachusetts , and passes through Boston 's suburbs to the finish line , where a pair of ethnic Chechen brothers on April 15 , 2013 set off two homemade bombs , killing three people and injuring more than 200 .
Meb Keflezighi , who in 2014 became the first American to win the race in over three decades , finished 13th in their final Boston Marathon .
Keflezighi , who plans to retire from racing after the New York City marathon in November , stopped after their victory to touch the hand of Bill Richard , whose 8-year-old son Martin was the youngest person to die in the bombing .
`` In 2013 , I was a spectator just like the three victims and when I saw the 8-year-old ... the first thing in my mind was that could have been my daughter , '' said Keflezighi .
Tens of thousands of people packed the streets for Boston 's largest sporting event , held on the Patriots Day holiday , which commemorates the start of the American Revolution .
( Reporting by Scott Malone ; Editing by Richard Lough and Larry Fine )
BERLIN : German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday ( Jul 4 ) warned US President Donald Trump against unleashing an all-out trade war after they threatened to impose steep tariffs on cars from the European Union .
In a speech to the Bundestag federal parliament , Merkel said both sides were effectively locked in a `` trade conflict '' since Trump 's decision to slap punitive tariffs on steel and aluminium imports .
Advertisement
`` It is worthwhile to prevent this conflict from becoming a real war , '' they said , adding however that this `` would require both sides '' to take steps .
Trump on Sunday charged that Europe is `` possibly as bad as China '' on trade , as they reiterated that they are mulling import taxes of 20 per cent on EU cars .
The EU has slapped tariffs on iconic US products including bourbon , jeans and Harley-Davidson motorcycles , as a symbolic tit-for-tat response to the metals duties .
Taking aim at Trump over their complaint that the EU , and in particular economic powerhouse Germany , is running a massive trade surplus against the US , Merkel said that their calculation is skewed as it is based only on goods , not services .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` If you include services like the digital services , then you have a completely different trade balance sheet , with the US showing a surplus against the EU , '' they noted .
`` It is almost old-fashioned to only calculate goods and not include services , '' Merkel said .
Merkel has previously voiced backing for a `` digital tax '' that would target multinationals like Amazon , Facebook or Google , which have come under fire for shifting earnings around Europe in order to pay lower taxes .
But the EU is divided over the proposal , as countries including Luxembourg and Ireland are loath to see US tech giants head for the exit .
With the US-EU trade row showing few signs of easing , European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is heading to Washington by the end of July to seek a way out of the conflict .
RELIABLE NATO PARTNER
Relations between the US and other industrialised powers have turned increasingly tense as Trump has pushed their `` America First '' stance with punishing consequences for trading partners , irregardless of whether they are allies or adversaries .
Historically strong ties between Berlin and Washington have also taken a beating since the US leader repeatedly skewered Germany over its record trade surplus as well as its relatively small defence spending .
Merkel acknowledged that Berlin has not been investing enough on defence , but stressed that it will push outlays to 1.5 per cent of gross domestic product by 2025 .
Nevertheless , Berlin 's planned spending is still short of the NATO goal of 2 per cent that Trump insists on .
And despite its 1.5 per cent pledge , its latest budget forecast for the coming years shows the proportion actually falling to 1.23 per cent in 2022 from 1.24 per cent this year - something that could emerge as a point of contention when NATO leaders gather in Brussels next Wednesday and Thursday ( Jul 11-12 ) .
Merkel stressed however that `` Germany is a reliable partner in NATO '' .
`` We are the second biggest provider of troops , we are participating in several missions and Germany will remain a reliable partner of NATO , '' they said .
Merkel said `` wars are raging on our front door , '' listing the Syrian war , Islamic State group militancy , unrest in Afghanistan and the conflict in Ukraine .
`` To not be prepared for defence of the alliance would be negligent , '' they said .
Considering the Vívofit 's LCD display is always-on , it 's amazing that this fitness tracker sports a one-year battery life . Not only does it tell time and track your daily steps , but it also tracks your distance in miles , calories burned , and your heart rate . Plus , if you are sedentary for too long , the Vívofit will scare you with a big red bar that does n't disappear until you 've gotten on the move again . Engadget was impressed with the Vívofit 's variety of features .
We have an activity tracker that permanently shows your steps/time/goal , with little to no user interaction required ... the accuracy of the distance tracking and the ability to log training sessions ... make this a great choice for moderate trainers , gym bunnies ... and those who wish to keep general tabs on their daily activity levels .
Ranging in price between $ 80 and $ 130 ( depending on your color choice ) , the Vívofit is available in purple , red , and slate ( blue and green are sold out ) . It 's tracker is also removable , so you can replace the silicon band with something more stylish , if you prefer . See at Amazon Withings Activité Pop
Withings is known for having superior tracking abilities in its fitness trackers , and the Activité Pop is no exception . It includes a step tracker , run detection , swim tracker , and sleep monitor . It also provides notifications when you 've reached your step goal , and even buzzes your wrist so you can wake up for work without rousing your sleep partner . The Activité Pop can last up to eight months on a single watch cell battery , which is even longer than most coin cell battery fitness trackers . That 's because it features an analog watch face , instead of needing LCD lighting to tell the time . TechCrunch considers it the best activity tracker around .
The $ 150 Pop is simply the best dedicated activity tracker that one can buy right now . For the simple reason that unlike the rest , it wo n't just be shoved in a drawer and forgotten months , or even weeks after purchase .
Withings Activité Pop is available in Azure , Shark Gray , and Sand for between $ 50 and $ 100 , depending on your color choice . The silicone watch band is replaceable , so you can mix-and-match your watch face and band colors . See at Amazon Moov Now
Moov Now stands out from most fitness trackers because of its dedicated exercise tracker . It features a voice coach to give you the extra support you need to get through your daily workout . You can customize your routine and get notification reminders to get up and move . The companion app shows you how you compared to previous workouts , shows you your daily stats , and lets you track your progress , not just steps . All this and the battery lasts for up to six months of continued use . Arstechnica loves the way Moov Now focuses on fitness , not just step tracking .
If you 're serious about exercising more or getting in shape , having a device that does n't let you skate by with daily step counts could be better for you . With the Moov Now , you have to interact with the device and the app if you want to use it at all , and if you 're doing that , you 're probably working out regularly using some of the device 's routines .
Moov Now comes in a variety of different colored bands , but also has a few options for the disc-shaped tracker itself . The tracker is available in silver , slate , red , or aqua for around $ 55 - $ 60 . You can also find replacement bands in a wide variety of colors to customize your style . See at Amazon Misfit Shine 2
Misfit 's Shine 2 fitness tracker is more than just a step counter . It keeps track of your calories burned , distance walked in miles , and sleep activities . It is also waterproof and makes a great swim tracker . In fact , Speedo teamed up with Misfit for a branded version just for swim fans . In addition to being a fitness tracker , the Shine 2 sends you notifications when you receive a text message or phone call on your connected phone . Even though it has 12 multi-colored LED lights , the coin cell battery can last for six months . I have a Misfit Shine 2 and I love its many features . The goal progress alert system is ingenious . Even though the Shine does not have a display screen , you can track your fitness progress thanks to the color-coded notifications . It 's also got one of the most accurate step trackers that I 've ever used . The Misfit Shine 2 disc is available in silver , carbon black , and rose gold for between $ 80 and $ 120 , depending on your color choice . It also comes with a black or white silicon band and a clip . Because the Shine is removable from its band , you can place the disc into a variety of different holders , including fashionable bracelets by Swarovski . See at Amazon Fitbit Zip
Fitbit 's dongle style activity tracker may not be its best model , but it certainly is its least expensive , and has the longest battery life . It is one of our picks for best fitness trackers for kids . It is a simple device that tracks steps , distance walked , and calories burned . It also has a monochrome screen with data display to let you know , with a smile , how you 're doing with your step goals . It is definitely a set-it-and-forget-it style fitness tracker for those just looking to stay on top of their basic daily steps . Because of the Zip 's simplistic design , it only needs one coin cell battery to stay charged up to six months . CNET highlight 's its low cost .
While the Zip lacks some of the bells and whistles found in other devices ... it remains one of the cheapest entry points to the Fitbit ecosystem ... I 'd still recommend the Zip over the Fitbit One because it costs less , and if all you 're looking for is a basic clip-on tracker , this does the job fine .
Fitbit Zip comes in charcoal and magenta for $ 60 . The activity tracker is removable from its clip-on style case , so you can even pop it into a wristband for a more watch like experience . See at Fitbit Withings Steel HR
If you 're looking for something that is a little more hybrid smartwatch and a little less fitness tracker , Withings Steel HR is a great option . It looks like a traditional analog watch with a round 36mm or 40mm face . It comes with a step tracker , workout tracker , heart rate sensor , calorie counter , sleep tracker , and more . The watch face 's analog complications track your daily activities while the digital inner-circle shows you your goal progress . A secondary inner circle features a monochrome display that shows you more detailed information about your daily activities . Considering this is a hybrid smartwatch and fitness tracker , the one-month battery life is significant . Wareable considers it a win in the hybrid smartwatch market .
Withings has made a smart analogue watch that looks gorgeous and does n't spread itself too thin , and comes out as one of the best hybrids out there right now .
The European Commission said on Friday it had conducted inspections in some EU states over banks ' alleged anti-competitive practices in limiting rival financial firms from accessing information about their customers ' accounts .
BRUSSELS : The European Commission said on Friday it had conducted inspections in some EU states over banks ' alleged anti-competitive practices in limiting rival financial firms from accessing information about their customers ' accounts .
The Commission said in a statement it had `` concerns '' that the companies involved `` may have engaged in anti-competitive practices in breach of EU antitrust rules '' . It did not name any company .
It said that banks could have prevented non-bank competitors from gaining online access to data of their customers to provide financial services , in spite of having obtained a previous authorization from the customers .
( Reporting by Francesco Guarascio @ fraguarascio ; editing by Andrew Roche )
BEIJING : A human rights activist best known as `` Super Vulgar Butcher '' who rose to prominence by harnessing social media to mobilise public support admitted in a closed-door trial that their actions `` violated the law '' , a Chinese court said on Monday .
Wu Gan , 44 , was detained in May 2015 and charged with subverting the state .
Known for their distinctive bald pate and cutting humour , Wu combined cyber-activism with eye-catching street performance to draw attention to causes ranging from wrongful imprisonment to freedom of speech .
They worked in an investigative capacity for a law firm , helping it find and vet cases involving abuses of power .
In a brief statement published on its official Weibo account on Monday afternoon , the Tianjin No.2 Intermediate People 's Court said it did not hold an open hearing because Wu 's case impinged on `` state secrets '' .
`` The defendant Wu Gan recognised their behaviour violated criminal law and constituted a crime , '' the court said , adding that their lawyers were allowed to `` fully express '' their defence arguments .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The court said a verdict would be handed down at an unspecified later date .
Politically sensitive cases such as Wu 's almost always result in a guilty verdict from China 's Communist Party-controlled judiciary .
Repeated telephone calls to Wu 's lawyers went unanswered .
In a pre-trial statement that Wu managed to slip to their lawyers during a recent meeting , Wu said they knew they would `` receive a heavy sentence '' because of their `` refusal to accept a state-designated lawyer , plead guilty , and make a televised confession for their propaganda purposes . ''
`` My crime of subverting the Communist regime is a great honour for me , '' they said in the statement , published online by their father on Aug. 9 . `` A guilty verdict issued by a dictatorial regime is a golden glittering trophy awarded to warriors for liberty and democracy . ''
Wu was detained at the start of what is now referred to as the `` 709 Crackdown '' , named after the date of the biggest sweep on July 9 , 2015 , when hundreds of lawyers and activists were targeted for arrest , detention or questioning .
Wu is one of the last remaining defendants to go on trial , more than two years on .
Most of the lawyers and activists have been released after serving short or suspended sentences , usually after recording televised `` confessions '' , pleading guilty and expressing contrition in court .
Wu 's supporters say their trial was delayed and only held behind closed doors because of their refusal to follow suit , while also scoffing at any suggestion they could have any state secrets in their possession .
`` Wu Gan 's trial is a cruel farce and it is inconceivable that they will receive a fair hearing in what is a politically motivated prosecution , '' said Patrick Poon , China researcher for Amnesty International .
`` He is merely being punished for refusing to stop their innovative and legitimate campaigns for justice in China . ''
( Reporting by Philip Wen and Christian Shepherd ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
Advertisement
The Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria has taken over Odengene Air-Shuttle Services Helicopters in Lagos following a court order .
AMCON had on Tuesday sealed the company at Maryland in Lagos , indicating that the company had been taken over by AMCON .
The order on the company 's office reads : “ POSSESSION TAKEN TODAY 14/2/17 BY AMCON COURT ORDER ON SUIT NO . FHC/4CS/1139/2016
NAN may not authoritatively confirm if the company is indebted to some banks that could have warrant such take over .
However , the company was among the airlines that received the Federal Government intervention fund during the tenure of President Goodluck Jonathan .
A source at the premises said that the notice by AMCON said it all that the company had been taken over following a court order .
Advertisement
OAS is one of the leading helicopter chatter service companies in the country .
It will be recalled that AMCON had on Thursday Feb.9 , took over the management of Arik Air .
AMCON said that the development would save Arik Airlines currently immersed in heavy financial debt burden that was threatening to permanently ground the airline .
For some time now , the airline , which carries about 55 per cent of the load in the country , has been going through difficult times .
These are attributable to its bad corporate governance , erratic operational challenges , inability to pay staff salaries and heavy debt burden among other issues .
AMCON had earlier taken over the management of Aero Contractors in 2016 .
The airline is currently not doing well after the take-over .
Derby County have appointed ex-Chelsea and England midfielder Frank Lampard as their new manager on a three-year deal .
Lampard , taking on their first managerial role , was one of 20 applicants for the job and becomes Derby 's seventh appointment in just over three years .
They replace Gary Rowett as boss of the Championship club , after they left to take charge at Stoke City .
The 39-year-old , capped 106 times by England , made 649 appearances for Chelsea and is their record goalscorer .
Puppeteer Art Vega has worked at the “ Disney Junior — Live on Stage ! ” show at Disney California Adventure for 14 years , delighting children with performances featuring Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck and Goofy .
But their work is scheduled to end April 9 , when the Walt Disney Co. plans to close the current version of the long-running show , which stars puppets that have been a fixture of the Disneyland Resort since the attraction opened in 2003 .
The Burbank entertainment giant 's decision to end the puppet show comes after a contentious two-year period during which the puppeteers joined a union , the American Guild of Variety Artists . And Vega and some of their fellow puppeteers allege that Disney is closing their show in retaliation for their decision to do so .
“ It 's really disappointing and heartbreaking that a company would take people who have worked extremely hard over the years and treat us this way , ” said Vega , 35 , a Long Beach resident .
The guild filed two National Labor Relations Board complaints against Disney in 2015 alleging the company reduced work hours and took other retaliatory actions against 29 puppeteers after they signaled they could unionize . Ultimately , Disney and the union settled the matter , leading to back pay for the workers .
In response to claims that the cancellation of the show was retaliatory , Disneyland Resort spokesperson Suzi Brown said in a statement : “ We constantly evaluate our entertainment offerings and make changes to provide compelling reasons for our guests to visit time and time again . ”
According to Brown , a new version of the “ Disney Junior ” show is expected to return without puppets . The puppeteers could audition for roles in this new show , which is expected to include technology upgrades that would allow Disney to more quickly refresh content . The puppeteers also could transfer to other roles at the resort , Brown said . They added that Disney and the guild remain in talks over the affected workers .
The dispute is a window into the complex dynamics of labor relations at Disneyland Resort , which includes California Adventure and Disneyland Park . More than 20 union affiliates represent the majority of the 29,000 workers who are employed at the property .
“ This group of puppeteers … had a very tough time , ” said Steven Rosen , the guild 's business representative working with the puppeteers . “ Overwhelmingly , they have come and said to me , ‘ We do n't regret this for a minute . ' Not a lot of people would do that . ”
Although some puppeteers feel otherwise , Rosen said they had no evidence that Disney 's decision to the end the show was retaliatory , but they said the union would file another complaint with the NLRB if they learned this was the case .
Under the National Labor Relations Act , it is illegal for an employer to fire or demote an employee in response to that worker exercising their or their right to unionize .
Catherine Fisk , a professor at the UC Irvine School of Law and a labor expert , said Disney appears to be on solid legal ground .
`` One might be skeptical given the timing , ” Fisk said . “ But the law allows employers to change their business model or close down part of their operation and do something else instead . Obviously , for consumers that look at Disney as a good employer and think it 's the happiest place on earth for customers and employees , if they knew that this happened , maybe it would tarnish the Disney brand . ”
Shows and attractions sometimes change dramatically at Disney 's various theme parks . In 2016 , a long-running “ Aladdin ” stage show at California Adventure was shuttered , and a few months later a new one centered on “ Frozen , ” the hit animated film , opened it its place . Some of the cast from the closed show auditioned for the “ Frozen ” replacement and became a part of it .
Still , Disney has not announced any plans to close or change “ Disney Junior ” puppet shows currently on offer at Walt Disney World and Disneyland Paris .
Rosen said that they first became aware of the puppeteers ' situation when they dropped in on the “ Disney Junior ” show in mid-2014 . They were there because the guild represents a performer who appears on stage in the show alongside the puppets . Rosen said they met some of the puppeteers and suggested they call them if they wanted to learn more about the union . Some of the puppeteers reached out to Rosen in November 2014 , leading to a series of meetings between the union and the workers , they said .
“ Disney Junior ” puppeteers interviewed by The Times said that they wanted to unionize in part to collectively bargain for better wages . ( Currently , there are 28 puppeteers , including two puppet specialists . ) The bulk of the workers ' pay ranges from $ 12.59 per hour to $ 17 per hour , though one earns as much as $ 23.07 per hour , according to Rosen .
The puppeteers also said they wanted to bargain for a more comprehensive fitness and training program . The 23-minute “ Disney Junior ” show is physically demanding , the puppeteers said , and they often find themselves nursing injuries . “ Shoulder issues , back issues , soreness , achiness , ” said Vega . “ The puppets we perform with are heavy . ”
In May 2015 , the guild filed a petition at the NLRB to represent the workers , which alerted Disney to their organizing efforts , Rosen said .
Around this time , Rosen said , some of the puppeteers also learned that Disney would no longer allow them to continue working in other roles at the resort . ( Some of the puppeteers did side work at the resort , including acting as costumed characters that tour California Adventure and Disneyland Park and interact with visitors . )
“ They basically said that if you are going to unionize as puppeteers it is all you can do , ” Vega said . They added that the loss of this work for some of their colleagues diluted the labor pool for the “ Disney Junior ” show , because there were more workers seeking the same number of puppetry assignments .
The puppeteers voted to join the union in May 2015 ; 29 of the 30 eligible voters cast a ballot , and 20 voted in favor of joining the guild , Rosen said .
In July 2015 , the guild filed an unfair labor practice charge with the NLRB over the puppeteers ' loss of work and wages . ( Guild officials provided The Times with several NLRB documents related to the matter . )
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Wyoming Valley Montessori School in Kingston recently received an EITC contribution in the amount of $ 10,000 from the NBT Bank . The EITC scholarship program is a program which affords scholarship monies for Pennsylvania 's lower and middle class families through the direct engagement of businesses in the educational process , by providing the funding for scholarships in exchange for state tax credits . At the check presentation , from left , are NBT Bank , N.A . Kingston office branch manager , Joann Kostrobala ; Dennis J. Puhalla , head of school and Edward M. Mott , NBT vice president and retail market manager .
NEW YORK : The Dow edged to a fresh record on Wednesday ( Jun 14 ) , but US stocks ended mostly lower after the Federal Reserve lifted interest rates and falling oil prices hit petroleum-linked equities .
The Fed , as expected , raised benchmark interest rates and signaled another increase was likely this year , despite a recent spate of weak economic data .
Energy shares came under pressure after US oil prices slid to their lowest level since July following a bearish US oil inventory report . Halliburton , ConocoPhillips and Devon all lost more than two percent .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 46.09 points ( 0.22 per cent ) to 21,374.56 , closing at a record for the second straight day .
The broad-based S & P 500 shed 2.43 points ( 0.10 per cent ) to 2,437.92 , while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 25.48 points ( 0.41 per cent ) to 6,194.89 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Art Hogan , chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities , said the opposite movements of the Dow and Nasdaq suggested the market was resuming a rotation of investment away from highflying tech stocks , a trend that first surfaced late last week .
Apple lost 1.0 per cent , Microsoft 0.5 per cent and Amazon 0.4 per cent .
`` On balance you got the continuation of technology stocks selling and the market accepting the Fed decision as consensus , '' Hogan said .
Alexion Pharmaceuticals shot up 9.3 per cent after announcing that it hired Paul Clancy as chief financial officer . Biogen , where Clancy had been working , fell 3.1 per cent .
Toymaker Mattel dropped 2.2 per cent as it announced it was cutting its dividend by more than half to free up funds for new marketing and technology investments .
The great # MeToo reckoning dropped onto the Canadian political scene like an overdue pregnancy : weeks of jittery , expectant quiet shattered by a series of painful contractions in quick succession .
And now there 's this new entity in the room , coated in sticky aftermath , hollering for our attention . How do we raise this nascent movement into maturity ?
The speed of several political resignations prompted no small amount of hand-wringing overdue process . In 48 hours , the landscape changed dramatically .
An investigation into workplace sexual harassment allegations toppled Nova Scotia Progressive Conservative party leader Jamie Baillie . Then , scant hours after denying allegations of impropriety as “ categorically untrue , ” Patrick Brown resigned as Ontario PC party leader . Next , Liberal MP Kent Hehr resigned their cabinet portfolio , pending an investigation , after a tweet from a public servant alleged improprieties .
None of these allegations has been proven in court , which is entirely the point . Backlash against the # MeToo movement was swift and furious . There were comparisons to McCarthyism . Such imagery conjures the worst excesses of zealotry .
According to this fearmongering narrative , all men are vulnerable to capricious accusations carrying disproportionate consequences , regardless of whether they choose to live in the glare of the public eye .
So , we must ask : At what point is it fair to expect a political figure accused of misconduct to resign ?
First , let 's stop pretending # MeToo erases the distinction between sexual coercion and a clumsy pass . Women do know the difference between rape , assault , unwanted advances , and unwanted advances from a person in a position of power . We really do .
Allegations of misconduct — sexual or otherwise — always have had the power to derail a political career , when a story becomes too great a distraction to do the job effectively . It 's right for parties to hold their leaders to a higher standard , including a standard against the appearance of gross impropriety . In a democracy , it 's also the only viable option .
Speaking broadly , a party 's response to alleged sexual misconduct also says something essential about how it values women . If that seems overwrought , consider Al Franken 's heavy-hearted resignation from the U.S. Senate , while Republicans openly campaigned for Roy Moore .
Some have balked at the prime minister 's assertion , while vowing to address incidents on a case-by-case basis : “ It 's essential to start from a place of belief and support for anyone coming forward with stories or allegations of harassment or assault . ”
Folks are struggling with the apparent contradiction between believing accusers and the presumption of innocence . But basic principles of fairness have not been upended . They have been expanded . Fairness equally demands a presumption of truth-telling by the alleged victim , until the evidence weighs one way or the other .
People will inevitably look at the timing of revelations with suspicion . Some skepticism is valid . Some of the alleged incidents happened years ago ; why come forward now ? But they also come at a moment when women are being believed instead of crucified . In this context , the timing is not surprising in the least .
We need to reflect on why the simple act of believing women has sparked such a surge in accusations . Is it because women are vindictive opportunists ? Or because the behaviour they 're naming actually is so common ?
If # MeToo is to survive its infancy , it must be fair . But it is not an affront to justice to un-stack the deck .
The simple act of disbelieving women has effectively silenced them for centuries , perpetuating the dynamics of abuse . We have to do better than defend the status quo , when the status quo itself is what needs to change .
write.robin @ baranyai.ca
Advertisement
The Senate on Tuesday subjected Information and Culture Minister , Lai Mohammed , to intense questioning over poor revenues generated from the culture and entertainment industry .
At a budget defence session with the minister and other officials of the ministry , the Senate committee on Culture and Tourism declared that it was unfortunate that the ministry presented only N620,000 as total revenue generated in 2016 .
Chairman , Senate Committee on Culture and Tourism , Senator Matthew Urhoghide , noted that the budget should not only be about expenditure but also about revenue profile .
They said the Senate was displeased with the paltry revenue .
Senator Urhoghide said : “ Budget is not just about expenditure . No one is talking about revenue . We need revenue profile . Each time you come , only expenditure is mentioned . How can you say is N620,000.00 that was raised by your ministry from the culture sector ?
“ We must exhaust all the avenues to generate funds internally . We seriously frown at the low and poor IGR . We query it . You must look inward because this is not acceptable . ”
Senator Urhoghide who also queried the Minister for misdirecting the appropriated funds for land acquisition said that in 2016 , the Senate appropriated the sum of N60,000,000 to acquire lands in Lagos , Adamawa and Edo States states for the establishment of cultural industries .
Advertisement
They said the Minister , instead , used the released money to acquire lands in Lagos and Adamawa , leaving Edo State , just as they said that the initial budget was to accommodate six states but reduced to three . They added that instead of the three , the Minister went to two states .
But Mohammad on their own part attributed the problem of proper and full implementation of the budget to inadequate appropriation as well as the delay in the release of funds . They also listed the cumbersome nature of procurement process as another reason .
According to him , there was also the challenge of partial release of appropriated amount , just as they called for the placement of culture and tourism on the residual list .
They said the current structure makes it difficult for the government to regulate the sector , adding that there was also the lack of political will to develop the sector , as well as the absence of ‘ convention bureau ' to attract big-time events to Nigeria as a tourism destination .
They said : “ There are several challenges/constraints militating against the smooth implementation of the required programmes/projects . Some of these are inadequate appropriation ; delay in the release of funds ; cumbersome nature of procurement process ; partial release of appropriated amount ; late passage of Appropriation Act ; placement of culture and tourism on the residual list , which has made it difficult to regulate the sector ; lack of political will to develop the sector and absence of convention bureau to attract big-time events to Nigeria as a tourism destination . ”
New documents obtained by the Canadian Taxpayers Federation show the federal government requires Canadian oil to meet a higher environmental standard than oil that is imported into Canada .
How absurd is that ? By putting up a big roadblock in front of Canadian oil companies , the federal government has lost out on billions of tax dollars , killed thousands of jobs and hurt businesses across Canada that sell goods and services to Canada 's energy sector .
Recall that Canadian pipeline company TransCanada wanted to build a pipeline from western Canada to eastern Canada .
The project would have offset some of the 600,000 barrels of oil that eastern Canada imports each day from foreign countries .
The project would have also contributed billions in tax dollars — not just to the Alberta government , but the federal government as well .
The latter could have used the money to pay for health care and other services across Canada .
Instead , the project ran into a federal government barrier .
After TransCanada spent over $ 1 billion on planning the project and trying to secure approval from the federal government , the Trudeau government changed the approval process .
Suddenly the feds thought the project should also go through an “ upstream and downstream ” emissions review .
In other words , the federal government wanted to look at emissions during the production of the oil and when it is used in cars , trucks and other end-use purposes .
With that in mind , we asked the federal government if foreign oil would be subject to the same type of review . If Ottawa is concerned about emissions from Canadian oil then surely it would also be concerned about emissions from oil that is imported to Canada … right ?
Incredibly , the federal government 's Environment and Climate Change department responded to our Access to Information request by indicating that they conducted a “ thorough search ” for such an emissions review for foreign oil but did n't find anything .
We also asked Natural Resources Canada , the Department of Global Affairs and Transport Canada for the same information .
They too informed us they had no such reports . Thus , Ottawa requires Canadian oil to meet a higher standard than oil that is imported to Canada from the U.S. , Saudi Arabia , Algeria and other countries .
Now consider how Canada 's situation compares with what 's happening south of the border . Last June , U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry , said : “ An energy dominant America means self-reliant .
It means a secure nation , free from the geopolitical turmoil of other nations who seek to use energy as an economic weapon .
An energy dominant America will export to markets around the world , increasing our global leadership and our influence . ”
If you think that bold position is too aggressive for Canada , consider an environmental benefit of energy independence .
The Canadian Energy Research Institute calculated that if Canada replaced foreign oil imports with Canadian oil , carbon dioxide emissions would decrease 6.2 % .
This makes sense . Of course it 's more environmentally friendly to send oil from Alberta to Ontario than it is to import it all the way from Algeria .
If this column has left you ‘ fuming ' mad , do n't worry , it should .
No matter how you cut it , the federal government has made a colossal mistake .
Colin Craig is the Alberta Director for the Canadian Taxpayers Federation
Britain 's biggest vehicle maker Jaguar Land Rover said on Wednesday a so-called hard Brexit would cost it 1.2 billion pounds ( US $ 1.59 billion ) a year , curtailing its future in the United Kingdom .
EDINBURGH : Britain 's biggest vehicle maker Jaguar Land Rover said on Wednesday a so-called hard Brexit would cost it 1.2 billion pounds ( US $ 1.59 billion ) a year , curtailing its future in the United Kingdom .
`` A bad Brexit deal would cost Jaguar Land Rover more than 1.2 billion pounds in profit each year . As a result , we would have to drastically adjust our spending profile ; we have spent around 50 billion pounds in the UK in the past five years - with plans for a further 80 billion pounds more in the next five , '' JLR 's Chief Executive Ralf Speth said , confirming the details of an interview given to the Financial Times .
Advertisement
`` This would be in jeopardy should we be faced with the wrong outcome . ''
( Reporting by Elisabeth O'Leary , editing by G Crosse )
Ex-Big Brother Naija housemate , Vandora , in a video posted on their Instagram page , @ vandora_vandora , reacts to viewers who came on their Instagram page to insult them for rejoicing when Tobi was evicted on the final show on Sunday .
During the live eviction show , some of the housemates ' reactions when Tobi Bakre was evicted did n't go down well with their fans , as they immediately went on the concerned housemates ' social media pages to vent their anger .
The housemates , Lolu , Vandora , Dee One and Khloe have been verbally attacked since Sunday on their Instagram pages .
Vandora , who could n't stand the insults anymore , took to their Instagram page to address the issue .
According to her , have you ever seen when you score a goal and you tell the other team not to celebrate ? I was never on team Tobi .
“ Tobi said things about me that I did n't appreciate and I still do n't . I do n't like them and they do n't like me either , we are both clear on that , ” they said .
See the IG post :
https : //www.instagram.com/p/Bh8ydmrH16H/
MOSCOW : A man from Russia 's Muslim Dagestan region has been charged with links to an illegal armed group , a court official in Dagestan said , years after they began helping families persuade sons recruited by Islamic State to renounce the militants and leave Syria .
Kazim Nurmagomedov , 63 , was detained in Moscow on Wednesday and transferred to Dagestan where they were formally arrested on Thursday on charges of assisting in a crime related to an illegal armed group in Russia or abroad , the official confirmed .
Nurmagomedov has gained prominence by dissuading young men from joining Islamic State and helping families persuade their sons to leave the group 's ranks in Syria . They also helped their own son Marat quit Islamic State and leave Syria .
Marat , 33 , told Reuters in July from Ukraine that they had joined Islamic State in 2013 , but two years later had changed their mind .
They walked across the Syrian border into Turkey and finally settled in Ukraine , they said , slipping in unnoticed thanks to a breakdown in intelligence-sharing between Moscow and Kiev after Russia annexed Crimea in 2014 .
Everyone in the family had tried to convince Marat , who told Reuters that they had now renounced violent Islamism , to leave Islamic State .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But Marat 's brother Shamil , a business person in the Moscow region , was arrested for sending money to help them get out of Syria and charged with financing terrorism .
On Wednesday , Kazim Nurmagomedov was detained as they were leaving Shamil 's trial in Moscow , which is still going on , another of their sons , Imagadji , told Reuters .
`` Naturally , they ( Kazim Nurmagomedov ) denies they are guilty , '' Imagadji said .
Denis Sokolov , an expert on the northern Caucasus region , said that Kazim appeared to have been arrested at least in part because they had gained prominence with their attempts to dissuade others from joining IS , throwing a spotlight on an issue that might be uncomfortable to Russian authorities .
They said Kazim had befriended many families and encouraged or helped them to try to bring home children who had gone to join Islamic State .
`` I do n't know anyone else who has extracted that many people from Islamic State , or stopped such a large number from going to join them in the first place , '' Sokolov said .
The official at the court in Dagestan declined to comment further on the charges against Kazim .
( Reporting by Maria Tsvetkova ; Writing by Polina Ivanova , Editing by William Maclean )
MULTAN : Federal Investigation Agency ( FIA ) on Thursday caught a suspect , accused of leaking Medical and Dental College Admission Test ( MDCAT ) papers , while they were attempting to flee the country .
According to the officials , suspect Rao Bilal was taken into custody when they were leaving for Qatar .
The Lahore High Court ( LHC ) on Friday discarded the results of Medical and Dental College Admission Test ( MDCAT ) 2017 and directed the authorities concerned to re-conduct the examination .
Punjab government on the matter also submitted a report to the court .
According to the investigation report , the University of Health Sciences ( UHS ) employees were involved in releasing the examination paper before the scheduled test .
In light of the report 's revelations , the court had also directed authorities concerned to take stern action against those involved in leaking the examination paper .
Bullying and harassment among students continues to be an issue in the Burbank Unified School District , according to results from a School Climate survey , with more than 60 % of students and teachers stating that students have experienced bullying during the current academic year .
Tom Kissinger , assistant superintendent of instructional services , gave an overview of the results of the survey , which covered more than bullying , Thursday night during a school board meeting .
The survey — which was available online and on paper in various languages from May 8 to June 10 to students in eighth through 12th grades as well as teachers , parents and community members — asked them to weigh in on topics such as academics , technology resources and mental health services .
For the most part , results were positive or remained steady when compared to last year 's results . However , bullying is still an increasing concern .
Bullying was defined using the district 's policy , which states it is a form of violence that involves subjecting a person to abusive actions and may include gestures , written , verbal or physical acts motivated by race , religion or gender . Also , it places a person in reasonable fear for their well-being .
Results showed 64 % of students and 61 % of staff reported that students had been bullied during the academic year . That 's a 3 % increase compared to last year 's survey ; however , the survey did not provide a definition at that time .
Meanwhile , 52 % of the responding parents noted there had been bullying among students , a 4 % decrease from last year .
“ That is not an acceptable number in either of those three categories , ” Kissinger said . “ This is a district focus this year , and we 're going to do our best to take on this issue for our schools . ”
When asked if they think the rules against bullying and verbal abuse at their child 's school were effective , 59 % of parents said yes compared to 36 % of students .
Kissinger said faculty are entering their second year of social and emotional curriculum through L.A. County 's Positive Behavior Intervention Support training .
“ We 're going another step further this year . We 're starting an anti-bullying task force in [ November ] and putting a tremendous amount of effort into this , ” they said .
Roberta Reynolds , board vice president , commended district staff for utilizing the data gathered as a tool to find areas needed for improvement .
priscella.vega @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ vegapriscella
HONOLULU : U.S. President Barack Obama will deliver a farewell address on Jan. 10 to reflect on their time in office and say thank you to their supporters , they said in an email statement released on Monday .
Obama , noting that the first president of the United States , George Washington , had penned a farewell address in 1796 , said they would deliver their speech in their hometown of Chicago .
`` I 'm thinking about ( the remarks ) as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey , to celebrate the ways you 've changed this country for the better these past eight years , and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here , '' they said .
Republican Donald Trump will be sworn in to office on Jan. 20 . During their campaign for the White House , Trump pledged to undo many of Obama 's signature policy measures , including their healthcare law .
Obama , who campaigned hard for Trump 's Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton , has sought to ensure a smooth transition of power despite major policy differences with their successor . They also leaf their party without a clear figurehead as they leaf the White House .
`` Since 2009 , we 've faced our fair share of challenges , and come through them stronger , '' Obama said in the email , likely foreshadowing a theme for their speech .
`` That 's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding - our conviction that , together , we can change this country for the better . ''
( Reporting by Jeff Mason ; Editing by Paul Tait )
A Magistrates ' Court sitting in Benin on Wednesday remanded a 52-year-old man , Monday Ovbovbo , in prison custody for allegedly raping their 15-year-old daughter .
The prosecutor , Thomas Ojo , told the court that the accused committed the offence on May 19 , 2018 , at Idogbo community in Ikpoba-Okha Local Government Area of Edo .
They said the offence was punishable under Section 214 of the Criminal Code Cap 48 , Vol II , Laws of the defunct Bendel State now applicable in Edo State .
The accused , however , pleaded not guilty to the charge when their plea was taken .
Magistrate J. O. Ejale ordered the remand of the accused and adjourned the case till July 13 for further hearing .
1 . Vehicle Option
Trim
Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow
Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White
Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month
Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash
CTV London
London police arrested a man on Thursday wanted on a first-degree murder charge by Peel police .
The 23-year-old man was arrested during a drug raid at a Maitland Street address .
Peel police say Victor Brooks , of Mississauga , was wanted in connection with the death of a man shot in Mississauga last March .
Eight people were arrested in connection with the case .
In London , police laid two drug charges against Brooks , as well as three other men .
The men were from Mississauga , London , Newmarket and Brampton .
London police say more than $ 30,000 in drugs and $ 10,000 in cash were seized .
By Jon Wiederhorn
Blondie have released a video for “ Fun , ” the first single from their upcoming album Pollinator . Directed by Beyoncé collaborator Dikyal Rimmasch , the clip lives up to the song 's title , featuring the band in a spaceship , wandering another planet and animated footage of galactic travel contrasted with performance shots and images of people partying on the dance floor .
Related : Blondie and Garbage Announce Co-Headlining Summer Tour
Guitarist Chris Stein said the interstellar theme was an effort to escape the stress and turmoil of modern day events . “ Quoting Emma Goldman , ‘ If I ca n't dance I do n't want to be part of your revolution . ' In these trying times we need some fun . We 're very serious about fun , ” they told NME .
“ The video was shot in two places , ” they added . “ The color stuff was all shot in LA without us and the black and white stuff was shot in New York . It 's got some good cameos—it 's got a pretty big cameo from Raja , who 's one of the Drag Race superstars , and little cameos from Grace McKagan , Duff McKagan 's daughter who has a band called The Pink Slips , and also Tony Maserati , who was a producer and mixer for us . ”
Stein and vocalist Debbie Harry wrote the upbeat , disco-inflected “ Fun ” with TV On The Radio member Dave Sitek . Pollinator , which is scheduled for release May 5 , also features writing by Johnny Marr , Sia , Charli XCX , The Strokes guitarist Nick Valensi and Dev Hynes . It will be Blondie 's first record since 2014 's Ghost of Download .
New mom Tori Spelling has had $ 700,000 docked from their bank account by U.S. tax officials to cover an outstanding lien .
The former Beverly Hills , 90210 star , daughter of multi-millionaire TV mogul Aaron Spelling , and their husband Dean McDermott have been struggling financially for some time , and last summer , the couple was slapped with a federal tax lien for an unpaid bill relating to earnings from 2014 .
According to the New York Post 's Page Six , that amount has finally been settled after authorities at America 's Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) had the funds withdrawn from Tori and Dean 's accounts .
The news emerges three weeks after Dean settled their support case with their ex-wife , Mary Jo Eustace , after they were threatened with jail if they failed to pay up .
Tori and Dean , who welcomed their fifth child in early March , are also facing legal action from American Express bosses after failing to pay off their credit card debts , and were sued by officials at City National Bank in December over an unpaid loan .
WASHINGTON : Defence Secretary Jim Mattis warned Monday ( Aug 14 ) that an attack by North Korea against the United States could quickly escalate into war , as they and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson moved to dial down tensions .
North Korea last week said it was drawing up plans to test-fire four missiles that would fly toward Guam but splash into the sea before hitting the small US Pacific island territory , after President Donald Trump promised to meet ongoing threats from Pyongyang with `` fire and fury . ''
`` If they fire at the United States , it could escalate into war very quickly , '' Mattis told Pentagon reporters .
Mattis ' comments came after they and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said America has `` no interest '' in regime change in Pyongyang or the accelerated reunification of the two Koreas , and stressed the importance of a diplomatic solution to the crisis .
The two statesmen decided to write the piece a couple of weeks ago , and it had not been in response to last week 's heated rhetoric , Mattis said .
`` We were thinking it would be wise to put out something that shows how the State Department and the Defence Department work together , it 's not one or the other , it 's the two working together , '' they said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mattis and Tillerson said the United States favors a diplomatic solution to the nuclear stand-off , especially with help from China , though they stressed diplomacy is `` backed by military options . ''
`` The US has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea , '' Mattis and Tillerson wrote .
`` We do not seek an excuse to garrison US troops north of the Demilitarised Zone . We have no desire to inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people , who are distinct from the hostile regime in Pyongyang . ''
Mattis and Tillerson called on China , which is North Korea 's main trading partner and ally , to take advantage of an `` unparalleled opportunity '' to assert its influence on Pyongyang .
`` If China wishes to play a more active role in securing regional peace and stability - from which all of us , especially China , derive such great benefit - it must make the decision to exercise its decisive diplomatic and economic leverage over North Korea , '' the US officials wrote .
Mattis and Tillerson also credited UN efforts and said the United States was willing to negotiate with North Korea , but said Pyongyang should indicate a desire to show good faith by halting weapons and nuclear tests .
General Joseph Dunford , who chairs the US Joint Chiefs of Staff and is the nation 's top uniformed military officer , met on Monday with South Korea 's defense minister Song Young-Moo and defense chief General Lee Sun-Jin .
They `` conveyed America 's readiness to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the US homeland , '' said spokesperson Captain Darryn James .
The new sanctions may not reduce North Korea 's income enough to hurt . But they may be driving a diplomatic row between the two countries , argues University of Sydney 's Justin Hastings .
SYDNEY : The United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) resolution 2371 to impose sanctions on North Korea , passed last week , is the toughest yet .
It fully bans the export from North Korea of iron , lead , coal and seafood . It expands the number of sanctioned entities and individuals , and prevents new joint ventures or additional investment in current joint ventures . It also prevents additional numbers of North Korean labourers from working outside of North Korea .
As with all previous resolutions involving sanctions on North Korea , there are potential loopholes .
For example , since there is no reliable count of expatriate North Korean labourers right now , it is unclear how much a ban on additional workers actually changes .
Chinese actors are undoubtedly the largest sanctions busters for North Korea . Chinese firms aid North Korea in making money from arms sales and mineral exports , and in shipping sanctioned goods into the country .
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has been leading the charge at the UN Security Council for tougher sanctions against North Korea . ( Photo : AFP/Jewel Samad )
Advertisement
Advertisement
Without defending China 's actions , it is important to point out that the US and China may differ in their understanding of what the sanctions regime is supposed to accomplish .
AIMS OF SANCTIONS DIFFER FOR CHINA AND THE US
From the US perspective , the sanctions are supposed to inhibit North Korea 's ability to develop weapons by cutting off the funding and technology used to build them . The US State Department estimates sanctions will cut off about a third of North Korea 's export income , if implemented .
Yet it is not clear how much money North Korea actually needs for its weapons programme - will US $ 2 billion rather than US $ 3 billion in yearly income really be the straw that breaks the camel 's back ?
This is particularly true given that the state has been partially relieved of the need to provide for its population by a transitioning economy in which average North Koreans can go into business to survive .
The North Korean state then extracts rent from the population for the privilege of doing business .
From China 's perspective , the sanctions are intended to send a strong signal to North Korea and bring it back to the negotiating table , rather than to crush North Korea financially .
But as a way of signaling displeasure with North Korea 's behaviour , the marginal value of every additional sanctions resolution has surely decreased substantially since North Korea 's first nuclear test in 2006 . North Korea has accelerated its weapons programmes , and is seemingly further than ever from the negotiating table .
But Beijing does seem to enforce sanctions for some time after they are passed before letting up .
And North Korea does feel some pain from sanctions , even if the message does not result in better behaviour .
From our research , the 2013 sanctions , for instance , were followed by elevated imported food prices in Pyongyang , and the 2016 sanctions were followed by at least brief hold-ups of trucks at the border due to particularly thorough Chinese customs inspections .
The sun sets over the Friendship bridge on the Yalu River connecting the North Korean town of Sinuiju and Dandong in the Chinese border city of Dandong on Jul 5 . ( Photo : AFP )
SETTING OFF A DIPLOMATIC ROW
Even if China has not yet decided to cut off North Korea completely , this round of sanctions is having an impact .
The new sanctions appear to have set off a diplomatic row between Beijing and Pyongyang .
After the resolution was passed , China reportedly informed North Korea that it would enforce the sanctions , particularly with regard to export goods and smuggling , within 30 days .
The North Koreans replied that they would not be threatened by China , and did not need a 30-day grace period . They shut down their customs offices on the border immediately , in a move reminiscent of the shuttering of Kaesong during the 2013 crisis .
The Chinese government in turn informed North Korean businesses and trading companies doing business in China that they would be required to leave at the end of their contracts , and ordered Chinese state-owned enterprises to withdraw from North Korea .
In February 2016 , North Korea expelled all South Korean managers working at the Joint Industrial Park in Kaesong in 2016 and cut off communication links with Seoul , after South Korea expressed concerns over a rocket test launch and said it planned to shut the park down . ( File photo : AFP )
All of these actions can and probably will be reversed , but if China and North Korea actually follow through on their threats , they would amount to a shutdown of a large portion of legal China-North Korea trade .
SMUGGLING MAY GROW
Of course , not all trade between North Korea and China is legal . A portion of North Korea 's exports , that is not insignificant , including the goods newly sanctioned , are already smuggled across the border , spurred on by sanctions and the frustrations of legal trade .
These are supported by networks of customs and security officials on both sides , Chinese businesses , and North Korean officials and private individuals .
Seafood , for example , which was legal to export until this most recent UNSC resolution , is already often smuggled into China , where it is sold as domestic produce .
This is in large part because the terrible infrastructure and hold-ups at the border for legal trade make circumventing legal niceties an enticing option for businesses concerned about spoilage .
In fact , one Chinese trader in 2016 estimated that most of the seafood exported from North Korea was smuggled .
Smuggling is widespread across all sectors , not just small , easily concealable goods . According to Chinese traders , even iron ore and other mineral products are smuggled tons at a time in boats or trucks across the river from North Korea to China , with the collusion of both Chinese and North Korean officials and business people .
People sit at Yicuomao port in Dandong , Liaoning province , China on Aug 8 . The shore of North Korea is seen across the water . ( Photo : REUTERS/Philip Wen )
That said , smuggling is not an efficient way to run an entire country 's international trade , so it is unlikely that unofficial trade could actually replace the bulk of North Korea 's revenue without huge buy-in from the Chinese government and Chinese companies .
Moreover , by closing off entire sectors to legal trade , both the North Korean and the Chinese government are also shutting down opportunities for smuggling , since many smuggled goods are actually hidden among legal goods passing through regular customs checkpoints .
The upshot is that China is capable of making North Korea feel a great deal of pain .
But it would require a wholesale reorientation of its business stance with North Korea , including not only a removal of North Koreans from China and Chinese businesses from North Korea over the long term , but also a crackdown on a well-developed smuggling ecosystem .
It remains to be seen whether China wants to send a signal that strong .
Justin Hastings is associate professor in international relations and comparative politics at the University of Sydney 's Department of Government and International Relations . This commentary first appeared in the Lowry Institute 's The Interpreter . Read the original commentary here .
The Central Okanagan Food Bank has a new look , and it 's exactly what you 'd expect to see at your local grocery store .
Clients said it has turned the experience of receiving charity into an opportunity to have hope for the future .
“ It 's not easy to do , ” food bank client Dawn McLean said . “ I really had to swallow my pride . ”
It may have been hard to ask for help feeding their family , but McLean said the new food bank layout gives them better choice over what they take home .
“ This new way , there 's no wastage , ” they said . “ If I do n't want any of these sorts of things ( pointing to can goods ) , I do n't have to have it . ”
“ It feels like a market experience , ” Central Okanagan Food Bank Executive Director Lenetta Parry said .
The location at 2310 Enterprise Way in Kelowna took three years to secure , according to Parry .
They said the 19,000 sq . ft. space has everything they need .
“ Centrally located , double the space , higher ceilings , loading docks : we were able to triple our cold storage capacity , ” Parry said .
Parry said 4,000 people come to the Central Okanagan Food Bank for help every month .
In order to use Medscape , your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site .
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration . The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site .
Share :
PARIS-Paris Jackson stormed out of a fashion show in ‘ a rage ' - only to stand barefoot in the rain . The 20-year-old actor - daughter of the late pop singer Michael Jackson - stomped out of the Dior cruise collection show in Paris , France , at the weekend just as the first model came out onto the runway after the show started late due to a torrential downpour , which meant bad traffic delayed guests , and in protest against the use of live animals . The event had a Mexican rodeo theme with the models all performing stunts on horseback and Paris - who is a vegetarian - did n't like the idea of them being used for fashion . According to WWD.com , ‘ 'Paris huffed out barefoot , having earlier asked two assistants to help them out of their high-heeled sandals . Whether the issue was animal welfare , or simply an extreme aversion to rain , was not clear . ''
Harper 's Bazaar added : ‘ 'Not everyone was a fan of the horses though , as Paris was spotted leaving the show only minutes in , presumably out of concern for animal welfare . ''
However , the New York Times newspaper has accused the actor of leaving a ‘ 'dark cloud '' over the event as their swift exit was noticed by the models and guests .
The publication said : ‘ 'By the end , the only cloud that remained over the event was the jarring exit of Paris , who had pranced in puddles barefoot for the photographers before the show , but stalked out in a rage as the first model made their way down the runway . ''
Paris was n't ashamed to say they left the event early as they later took to their Instagram account to upload a photo of their standing barefoot in the park in the pouring rain .
They captioned the shot : ‘ 'left early n did this . ''
Meanwhile , Paris recently came under fire for not attending the 2018 Billboard Music Awards to support their aunt Janet Jackson - but they later claimed they were not invited .
They were heavily criticised by social media users for failing to be in the audience when ‘ Scream ' singer Janet was presented with the Icon Award .
But they claimed : ‘ 'No one from my mgmt reached out to me about attending billboards or about the award , and no one from my family did either . I had absolutely no idea until y'all spammed with hatred . ''
CNN name , logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP , LLLP . A Time Warner Company . All rights reserved . CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network , LP LLLP , displayed with permission . Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them . © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016 . All rights reserved .
BANGKOK : — A couple from Belgium have claimed they were robbed by “ police ” while staying in Bangkok .
Maxime Kempeneer and Noël Borgs , both 28 , from Hove , have told local media how their dream trip to Thailand quickly turned into a nightmare following the robbery which is believed to have taken place last Thursday , 10 August .
Full story : Thaivisa News
Thai Visa News
PALLEKELE , Sri Lanka ( Reuters ) - Paceman Mohammed Shami struck twice as India closed in on a massive win on day three of the third and final test against Sri Lanka on Monday .
The beleaguered hosts were 82 for four in their second innings at lunch , still trailing by 270 runs after being made to follow on , facing a 3-0 whitewash against the world 's top ranked test team .
Sri Lanka captain Dinesh Chandimal was unbeaten on 26 while former skipper Angelo Mathews was 17 not out at the break .
After heavy defeats in Galle and Colombo inside four days , Sri Lanka 's hopes of avoiding an innings loss rested on a solid start but Ravichandran Ashwin dampened their hopes when they struck in their first over of the day .
The off-spinner sent back opener Dimuth Karunaratne for 16 after Sri Lanka had resumed on 19-1 . The left-hander was caught by Ajinkya Rahane at slip after getting a thick edge to a turning delivery .
Nightwatchman Malinda Pushpakumara was soon caught behind off Shami and the right-arm paceman also dismissed Kusal Mendis for 12 to reduce the hosts to 39-4 .
Chandimal and Mathews have added 43 in their unbroken fifth wicket stand and any hopes of a Sri Lankan fightback will rest on the two experienced right-handed batsmen .
( Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
Disgraced footballer Adam Johnson 's County Durham mansion is up for sale with a reduced price tag of £1.7m .
The former Sunderland star and ex-England winger , put the five bed-roomed pad on the market last summer after losing an appeal against their conviction and six-year jail sentence for sexual activity with a girl of 15 .
Adam Johnson
The mansion called Tollgate Lodge , in Castle Eden , was originally put up for sale for the price of £1.9m , but is now on the market for £200,000 less .
Estate agents Fine and Country were unable to comment on the reduction , but have called the house - located on the edge of the conservation village of Castle Eden - is a ‘ dream home . '
The property was designed in 2009 by award-winning architect Colin Wardle , of Morpeth-based Design Two .
It features around two acres of land , a games room with a bar , private gym and a cinema room .
One of the many hallways in the mansion .
Other features include electric gates , landscaped gardens and a sweeping drive bordered by lawns and trees concluding in a triple garage .
The 29-year old 's football shirts and England caps have been removed from the mansion , which they had shared with girlfriend Stacey Flounders , mum to their daughter , when they groomed the fan .
Their family claimed they were wrongly convicted and campaigned to set them free .
Johnson is currently in prison at HMP Moorland near Doncaster .
The mansion contains a private gym .
Describing the home on the Fine and Country website , estate agents said : “ Primarily a family home , at its heart is a fabulous dining kitchen leading open plan into a family room and beautiful garden room with French doors leading out to a sunken patio area for outdoor eating and entertaining . ”
Features of the £1.7m house :
* Five en-suite double bedrooms
* Five reception rooms
One of numerous bathrooms at the property .
* Cinema room The house has multiple bedrooms with en-suites .
* AstroTurf putting green
* Two acres of land
SINGAPORE , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Unipec , the trading arm of Asia 's largest refiner Sinopec , has hired veteran crude oil trader Lee Yee Meng , who will join its office in Hong Kong in May , trade sources familiar with the matter said on Friday .
Lee left Trafigura Singapore earlier this week after more than a year with the European commodities trading company , the sources said .
Lee has more than 20 years of experience dealing in physical crude oil and derivatives in Singapore and London , working with oil major BP , JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley .
Unipec trades Middle East and Asia-Pacific crude out of its Hong Kong office .
Unipec , Trafigura and Lee all declined to comment . ( Reporting by Florence Tan ; Editing by Tom Hogue )
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir , an extra-ordinary meeting of Jammu and Kashmir Peoples League ( JKPL ) was held , today , in Srinagar under its party Chairman , Mukhtar Ahmad Waza .
During the meeting different issues were discussed including the present prevailing situation of the territory .
The Jammu and Kashmir Peoples League Chairman , Mukhtar Ahmad Waza , while speaking on the occasion urged party members to make Peoples League stronger by conveying its message to every nook and corner of Kashmir .
They said that Kashmir dispute should be resolved through meaningful tripartite dialogue or through implementation of UN resolutions .
As long as the lingering dispute is not resolved in accordance with the aspirations of Kashmiri people , peace will remain a dream in South Asia , they maintained .
The other members who participated in the meeting include Jaffar Kashmiri , Engineer Fayaz , Nisar Rather , Yawar Ahmad and Mohammad Adil.—KMS
Cops in St. Augustine , Florida got an anonymous tip on Saturday about a man and woman doing drugs in their car in the middle of a parking lot .
When they searched the car , they found drug paraphernalia and a substance that tested positive for crystal meth . And the woman 's name was , Crystal Methvin .
This is n't actually the first time we 've seen a name like this . The same Crystal Methvin got arrested for drugs back in January .
It 's a sad situation , and “ crystal meth ” is rampant around the 2 Virginias . Watch the video to learn some startling facts about the illegal drug .
Nearly 400 Legion members and guests met in Columbus last weekend for the 100th Annual Department of Ohio American Legion Convention .
Four members of Wilmington American Legion Post 49 were in attendance as delegates : Richard James , Post 49 First Vice Commander/Clinton County Commander ; Jerry LeForge , Trustee/Past 4th District Commander ; Greg Gray , Past Post 49 Commander ; and Charles Rose , American Legion Post 49 Historian .
Main topics of the convention were the current state of the Department of Ohio , the drafting of legislative items to be presented to the Nation American Legion Convention , and election of Department Officers for the 2018-19 term . Robert E. Schmitt of American Legion Post 587 , Toledo , was elected to serve as next the new American Legion Department of Ohio Commander .
Guest speakers included U.S. Rep./Brigadier General Steve Stivers , Ohio Treasurer Jon Husted , Democratic gubernatorial candidate Richard Cordray , and keynote speaker Ohio Supreme Court Justice Sharon Kennedy .
Major topics addressed during the conference included National Security , Child Welfare , Veterans Affairs and Americanism Programs .
Of major concern was the decline in membership numbers , not only in the American Legion , but in all veterans ' organizations , due to the advanced age of current members and reluctance of younger veterans to get involved .
However , with only a small group of U.S. senators and members of congress that have actually served in the military , it is more important than ever that the younger veterans , returning from Iraq and Afghanistan , make their voices and concerns heard .
Organizations like the American Legion , Veterans of Foreign Wars , AMVETS and others need new members with first-hand knowledge of what is required to support our returning soldiers , now and in the future .
If you want to make a difference , you need to join and attend the meetings where your concerns and needs and be addressed and directed to the proper authorities . Waiting for someone else to act on your behalf may not get the results needed .
Join and attend . Support your veterans ' organizations . You served to earn that right — now exercise those rights and benefit from your service .
https : //www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/07/web1_american-legion.jpg
GOP Tax Plan will trouble working grad students
Posted by Gretchen Keller on December 12 , 2017 · Leave a Comment
The United States Senate passed the new GOP tax plan just before 2 a.m. Saturday , Dec. 2 . The decision was tight , ending in a 51-49 vote . The only Republican senator to vote against the bill was Bob Corker of Tennessee .
According to a report from the Washington Post , experts from the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation group predict that the plan will add $ 1 trillion to the national debt . In addition to this , many view the plan as one that will be detrimental for working graduate students due to the initiation of taxes on waived tuition fees for graduate students , in addition to the existing taxes on their salary as teaching or research assistants .
Graduate students who are teaching while pursuing a higher degree are protected under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act , Section 117 ( d ) ( 5 ) . This provision waives the high tuitions for these students who at some points may be working 40 to 80 hours a week . In addition to getting their tuition waived under this provision , students are also paid a small salary .
The new tax plan will repeal this provision .
The House tax plan intends to tax the graduate students ' tuition that is waived . The Senate plan does not . However , GOP leaders will begin to reconcile the two versions , possibly repealing the provision that will allow the taxes of graduate students to skyrocket .
Santiago Vidales , co-chair of the Graduate Employee Organization at the University of Massachusetts , explained the concerns they and their fellow graduates have about the bill . Vidales ' taxable income would increase immensely under the new tax bill .
“ What 's really scary about this House bill is that it would also tax that extra 30 or 40 thousand dollars which is the tuition waiver , ” said Vidales . “ I do n't actually ever see this money coming into my wallet , in a sense . ”
“ This plan would charge me taxes as if I was bringing in , instead of the 20 thousand dollars that I make , potentially 60 , 70 thousand dollars , ” Vidales explained . “ This would raise my tax bill almost 200 percent . So much so that potentially 50 percent of what I get paid would have to go to cover that tax . ”
Vidales said living expenses would become increasingly difficult to pay , allowing only for wealthier students to pursue higher education and Ph.D. programs .
“ I would have to drop out of school because my wages do n't go far enough to cover that tax bill , ” Vidales explained .
The House bill also eliminates the Student Loan Interest Deduction . Evan Kuras , a third year student pursuing their Masters of Science in environmental conservation , spoke on the large effects of this aspect of the bill .
“ Repealing the student interest loan deduction hurts those of us with debt from undergrad or debt to be here now , ” said Kuras . “ Repealing the State and Local Tax deduction would increase our tax burden as would eliminating the Individual Mandate , which might raise our health care premiums , whether we have health insurance through GEO or MassHealth . ”
For many , the elimination of the Individual Mandate might force students to choose between paying their medical expenses and finishing their higher education .
Canan Çevik , a Ph.D. student in the department of economics and the president of the Graduate Student Senate , has been fighting to lobby with Congress and the University about the concerns of all graduate students .
“ We have been closely working with National Association of Graduate-Professional Students , attending their call-in meetings , mobilizing grad students on campus by extending action plans originated by them to the campus , such as reaching out to legislators with tax bill opposition scripts and signing petitions , ” said Çevik .
GSS has raised support and awareness for this tax issue by creating a tax calculator . This method gives a rough estimate of new tax liability of a graduate student under the proposed bill .
Kuras explained the opposition to the bill as a revolution amongst graduate students across the country to support one another . “
Grad students are organizing throughout the country to oppose the bill and especially the tuition tax , ” Kuras said . “ Groups [ and ] movements like # GradTaxWalkout and # SaveGradEd have called for walk-outs and rallies across the country . ”
The fruits of their labor are beginning to show .
Republican Congressman Pete Sessions , along with many other government officials , are beginning to reject the current plan as a punishment for graduate students .
“ Instead of penalizing students who want to get ahead and gain an edge in their fields , ” they said in a written statement , “ We should be providing them more opportunities to be successful . ”
“ I believe the legislators supporting the bill are unable to perceive long-term , wider implications of the tax bill provision pertaining to higher education beyond short-term , solely pecuniary benefits , ” says Çevik .
UMass spokesperson Ed Blaguszewski released a statement that on behalf of the entire UMass system on the issue .
“ On behalf of the five-campus , 75,000-student University of Massachusetts system , we oppose the tax reform package before Congress , which specifically and unfairly targets college students and particularly graduate students , ” the statement read .
On Wednesday , Dec. 13 , GSS and GEO will work together and hold a teach-in to help graduate students understand more about the bill and how it will affect them .
Gretchen Keller can be reached at gkeller @ umass.edu .
In order to use Medscape , your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site .
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration . The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site .
RCMP have recovered the body of a teen who drowned at the old Pinawa Dam .
READ : RCMP searching for teen who went underwater at Pinawa Dam
Police said the 18 year-old was swimming in the Lee River near the dam July 2 when they went underwater and did n't resurface .
Friends told officers on scene the teen had been swimming down the rapids on the high side of the dam when they lost sight of him .
The underwater recovery unit was called in . The teen was found deceased 12:10 p.m. Wednesday .
RELATED : ‘ Be prepared ' : Lifesaving Society urging Manitobans to be water-wise
RCMP said the drowning victim was not wearing a life jacket .
Access to the Old Pinawa Dam Heritage Park , near Lac du Bonnet , was restricted during the search .
Online streaming services such Spotify and Apple Music have become the music industry 's single biggest revenue source , overtaking physical sales and digital downloads for the first time , a global industry body said on Tuesday .
LONDON : Online streaming services such Spotify and Apple Music have become the music industry 's single biggest revenue source , overtaking physical sales and digital downloads for the first time , a global industry body said on Tuesday .
The rapid growth in streaming music services in recent years has led to a recovery in the fortunes of the global recorded music industry , which enjoyed its third year of positive revenue growth , according to a report by industry trade group IFPI .
By 2014 , music sales had fallen by 40 percent to US $ 14.3 billion in the 15 years since 1999 , when the rise of music file-sharing service Napster ravaged sales of CDs and the development of download services like Apple iTunes failed to offset declines .
Last year , subscription-based streaming revenue accounted for 38 percent of all recorded music , up from 29 percent the year before , IFPI said .
Figures released in IFPI 's Global Music Report 2018 show total revenues for 2017 were US $ 17.3 billion , with an increase of 8.1 percent from the previous year .
Industry leaders say that the rise of music streaming is enabling the market to reach new regions of the world , while helping weaning a generation of music fans away from free or pirated music .
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ We estimate that only half the world 's population lives in a thriving music environment and we want to bring the streaming revolution to all of it , ” Stu Bergen , from Warner Music Group , told reporters in London .
Latin America and China saw the biggest market growth , with a rise in overall music revenue of 17.7 percent and 35.3 percent respectively .
Despite the healthy figures , revenues for 2017 are still only 68.4 percent of the market 's peak in 1999 .
IFPI - The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry - says governments should do more to tackle the `` value gap '' between the value created by some digital platforms such as Google 's YouTube for their use of music and what they pay those creating and investing in it .
`` Things are looking good but there 's a structural fault in the system . Until we fix it , it will always be a struggle , ” said IFPI Chief Executive Frances Moore .
( Reporting by Tom Ball and Eric Auchard ; editing by Stephen Addison )
CHICAGO : Democrats face years of work , focussing on “ kitchen table ” economic issues over several election cycles , if they want to regain ground lost to Republicans , Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said on Wednesday .
The Democratic mayor of the nation 's third largest city also said Republican President Donald Trump 's legal and political troubles give Democrats a chance to regain a large slice of the more than 1,000 seats Democrats have lost in Congress and state legislatures since 2008 . With Democrats controlling cities and Republicans dominating rural areas , the battle will be fought among swing suburban voters , they added .
“ It 's not going to be done in a singular election , ” Emanuel told Reuters in a wide-ranging , exclusive interview .
“ The real crux question to me as a party is what I call kitchen table economics , ” Emanuel said . Home ownership , affordable college , job security , retirement savings and health care are key issues , they said .
Chicago has faced fiscal problems and untamed street violence since Emanuel first was elected mayor in 2011 . The release in 2015 of a dashcam video showing a Chicago police officer fatally shooting an unarmed teenager led to street protests that hurt the mayor 's standing with voters .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Black Lives Matter sued the city Wednesday , seeking to force Emanuel to agree to federal oversight of proposed police reforms . Emanuel said the Justice Department under President Trump will not participate .
“ I ca n't wish a different Justice Department , ” Emanuel said . Instead , they are focussed on police body cameras , more training and the hiring of new cops in supervisory roles , they added .
Emanuel cited improvements under their leadership , public transportation in particular . “ Eighty-five percent of our people in the city are happy with our public transportation system . In New York , I do n't think you could get 85 people , let alone 85 percent , ” they said , citing not-yet-published data from an annual ridership survey for the Chicago Transit Authority .
Emanuel blamed Illinois Republican Governor Bruce Rauner for gridlock that has put the state 's credit rating near “ junk ” status and helped bring the Chicago Public Schools to the brink of insolvency .
“ There is a fundamental flaw here in the inability to find a way to say , ‘ Yes , ' ” Emanuel said .
Rauner spokesperson Eleni Demertzis said the mayor and Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan are to blame for the state 's budget stalemate and “ saying no at every turn . ”
In national politics , Emanuel is positioned to play a role as a leader of Democratic Party efforts to recover from the 2016 electoral defeat . They have served as White House adviser to President Barack Obama and President Bill Clinton and led the 2006 mid-term campaign that returned Democrats to a majority in Congress .
With a 38 percent approval rating in a May Reuters/Ipsos poll , Trump 's unpopularity figures to be a dominant issue during the 2018 mid-term elections , Emanuel said .
They declined to predict whether Trump will finish their term . “ It 's a parlor game right now , ” they said .
( Reporting by Dave McKinney ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
French football “ needs ” Neymar , according to the country 's federation president Noel Le Graet , who said the Brazilian star “ must stay ” at Paris Saint-Germain .
“ We need this image , he 's a fantastic footballer , ” Le Graet told AFP Wednesday .
“ He 's on a five-year contract . They must stay . PSG shows that it can attract the big stars . ”
Neymar became the world 's most expensive footballer after their transfer to PSG last August from Barcelona for a whopping fee of 222 million euros ( $ 264 million ) .
They won the French player of the year prize this season despite a foot injury meaning they have not featured for the Parisian club since the end of February .
There has been constant speculation that the 26-year-old 's stay in the French capital could be a short one , with Real Madrid linked to a move for the Brazilian .
PSG president Nasser al-Khelaifi has insisted , however , that they were “ 2,000 percent ” sure Neymar would play at PSG next season , something the player themselves has yet to confirm .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Wilkes Zach Brunner ( 33 ) moves the ball around King 's Ryan Wasley ( 43 ) in action on Tuesday night .
WILKES-BARRE — There was no playoff berth on the line or a seed in the conference tournament to fight for . All that was left for King 's and Wilkes on Tuesday night was a basketball game between two local rivals .
For Wilkes , it was the last home game of the season before heading on the road to end the season on Saturday at Easter . King 's will also close the year on the road , having to make the trip to New Jersey to play FDU-Florham .
And in the second half , after King 's made a pair of runs to get back in the game , Wilkes guard Marcus Robinson single-handedly helped the Colonels pull away . Robinson scored 13 consecutive points to wipe away a one-point deficit as Wilkes picked up an 84-68 victory at the Marts Center .
Wilkes improved to 12-12 overall and 6-7 in the Freedom Conference . King 's dropped to 5-19 and 1-2 .
“ We were playing for pride ; both teams were eliminated from the playoffs , ” Wilkes coach Izzi Metz said . “ You do n't want to take away from the game . It is always an important game . You want to play well at home and try and win the game . ”
Wilkes controlled the pace in the first half in racing out to an 11-point lead . King 's tried to keep up , but turned the ball over 13 times in the opening half , which led to some easy baskets in transition for the Colonels .
“ I think in the first half , our turnovers hurt us , ” King 's coach J.P. Andrejko said . “ We were sloppy with the ball . We were fast and trying to do too much . ”
King 's opened the second half on a 9-2 run to cut the deficit to four points . The Monarchs came through with eight unansered points , which put them ahead by one . After Connor Callejas made a pair of foul shots , the Monarchs held another one-point advantage . But that was the point in the game where Robinson got hot .
Robinson took the ball to the basket and converted a three-point play after they were fouled . They knocked down a pair of 3-pointers , added a jumper from the perimeter and two foul shots . Just like that , the Wilkes lead was back up to 56-48 with 11:33 left in the game .
“ That 's what Marcus can do ; they can get hot at times , ” Metz said . “ He had been in a little shooting slump the last few games . They saw the ball go in the basket . It was at an opportune time because it helped us get control of the game . ”
Wilkes finished the night shooting 51.9 percent from the floor and 42.0 percent from behind the 3-point line .
“ I thought Wilkes played well , they shot the ball great tonight , ” Andrejko said . “ At the start of the second half we settled in and made a great run at them . We extended a great deal of energy trying to get back from that hole . In the last 12 minutes they made some really big shots . When you shoot that well you are going to start to pull away . ”
Wilkes does have something to play for in Saturday 's season finale , not just a chance to finish .500 in the conference and one game over .500 for the season . Eastern and Delaware Valley are tied with three losses each , and DeSales is one game back with four losses in the race for the top seed in the conference touranment . That leaves the Colonels playing the role of spoiler at Easter .
“ We want to win every game , and Eastern will be playing for a potential No . 1 seed in the conference tournament , ” Metz said . “ They are going to be excited . If we do n't bring it , it is not going to be a pretty result . I would like to think our guys will be up to the challenge . ”
KING 'S ( 68 )
Callejas 4 4-5 14 , J.Fazzini 1 4-5 6 , C.Fazzini 2 4-6 8 , Rutecki 8 3-3 21 , Wasley 0 0-0 0 , Oliver 0 0-0 0 , Angelo 1 0-0 3 , Bailey 1 0-0 2 , Millan 1 0-0 2 , Barber 4 0-0 10 , Maloney 0 0-0 0 , Piontkowski 0 0-0 0 , Hudak 1 0-2 2 , Wilkins 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 23 15-21 68 .
WILKES ( 84 )
Co.Evans 2 6-6 11 , Bowen 0 0-0 0 , Robinson 9 3-3 25 , Ca.Evans 1 0-0 3 , Brunner 2 2-2 6 , Pecorelli 4 1-2 11 , Mullins 2 3-5 7 , Goffredo 1 0-0 3 , Bamford 2 1-1 5 , Basalyga 0 0-0 0 , Parsons 2 3-3 7 , Walser 2 0-0 4 , Gross 1 0-0 2 . Totals : 28 19-22 84 .
Halftime score : Wilkes 38 , King 's 27 .
3-point goals : Callejas ( 2 ) , Rutecki ( 2 ) , Angelo , Barber ( 2 ) , Co. Evans , Robinso ( 4 ) , Ca . Evans , Pecorelli ( 2 ) , Goffredo .
MIDDLESBROUGH : Leicester City 's underwhelming season continued on Monday ( Jan 2 ) as they were held to a 0-0 draw at Middlesbrough that did little for either side 's hopes of avoiding Premier League relegation .
With Jamie Vardy completing their three-game suspension and Riyad Mahrez again disappointing , Leicester lacked a cutting edge and it was Boro who came closest to taking all three points at the Riverside Stadium .
The result inched both sides a point further clear of the bottom three , but the threat of relegation will continue to stalk them when they return to league action after next weekend 's FA Cup third-round fixtures .
Champions Leicester have now gone 12 away games without victory in the Premier League , stretching back to the 2-0 win at Sunderland last April that nudged them closer to their fairytale title win .
With both teams having played on New Year 's Eve - Leicester edging West Ham United 1-0 , Boro cruelly beaten 2-1 at Manchester United - they each made five changes to their starting XIs .
Leicester , for whom Islam Slimani was absent with a fever , made the more lively start .
Shinji Okazaki could not make anything of Leonardo Ulloa 's knock-down from Mahrez 's free-kick , while Christian Fuchs drilled wide from the edge of the box .
But as the game wore on , Boro began to take control , with Adama Traore to the fore .
The former Barcelona winger had a penalty shout turned down in the 18th minute when they appeared to be impeded by Robert Huth right on the edge of the Leicester box .
Moments later the 20-year-old sped to the byline on the right and cut the ball back for Marten de Roon , who shot over .
Antonio Barragan returned from suspension for Boro , but they limped off clutching their hamstring in the 34th minute , with George Friend coming on .
Another Boro full-back caught the eye shortly before half-time , Fabio da Silva sliding in brilliantly to prevent Mahrez taking aim from Okazaki 's through ball .
Left-back Friend emerged as an improbable most likely source of a goal in the second half . They warmed Kasper Schmeichel 's palms from 25 yards and then cut in from the right , only to skew their shot wide .
They also curled an inviting cross into the box from the left , but Adam Forshaw could not make telling contact . All Leicester mustered in response was an Ulloa header that Brad Guzan saved comfortably .
Visiting manager Claudio Ranieri took decisive action by sending on Ahmed Musa in place of Mahrez , who produced another low-key display in their last game before departing for the Africa Cup of Nations with Algeria .
But it was Boro who continued to push , Gaston Ramirez squandering a golden chance to snatch victory when they lashed wide following a tame clearance by Wes Morgan .
Ifeanyi Ifeanyi has said they are very disappointed that they will miss tomorrow 's CHAN Final against Morocco after they were sent off in the semi-final against Sudan .
The Akwa United defensive midfielder has played four of the team 's matches and they were philosophical they will not be involved in the championship game tomorrow .
“ I have no hard feelings that I will not play in the Final after my red card against Sudan , ” ex-Nigeria U20 star Ifeanyi Ifeanyi said .
“ Like any other player , I would have wishes to play in the Final , it 's the big game , but destiny has it 's way and that is why I wo n't be in the Final .
“ All the same , I thank God I played four good matches , that 's good for me ,
“ I am still a player of Akwa United and I hope to return to Nigeria to help them in the CAF Confederation Cup .
“ And tomorrow , I hope we are crowned CHAN champions here in Morocco . ”
G-Eazy is a retread of Drake 's depression and Rick Ross ' obsession with hustle , only devoid of humor and from a white guy . Naturally , he 's sold millions of albums . At least Macklemore was cruising through the “ Thrift Shop ” instead of endlessly stacking theirs money .
Two years since G-Eazy 's last album and he 's back with more stacks and The Beautiful and Damned . They demonstrate only one emotional state , which we 'll call “ hustling while sad. ” The sadness is the sadness of VH1 's Behind the Music , the fake sadness of too many parties and drugs and groupies . As G-Eazy themselves told Billboard , “ The concept of it is kinda like it 's about the lifestyle … This fantasy of , like , sex , drugs , & rock ‘ n ' roll is kinda clichéd , but it 's clichéd for a reason . It 's dark . ”
As it happens , “ dark ” is n't a word I 'd use to describe the album , but “ clichéd ” fits just fine .
The Beautiful and Damned starts with the title track , which is about how hard life is when you 're a Gemini . Did you know G-Eazy is a Gemini ? They want you to know ; they mention it in a couple of songs . G-Eazy thinks the fact that he 's a Gemini is fascinating . The experience is like going to a party and getting trapped in a corner while some coked-up party boy monologues endlessly about their horoscope .
But he 's got problems , too . You see , G-Eazy has been partying too much . It 's gotten so bad that he 's imploring audiences to , as the second song is called , “ Pray for Me ” . “ Talk to the man upstairs / Hoping they answer my prayers/ Hollywood feel like the jungle/ Lions and tigers and bears. ” This is the hook . Half the time , we hear a bear roar . Another time they repeat the word “ bears ” in a tone that suggests you would n't believe how bad the bears have gotten .
Sometimes they reflect on all the one-night stands , which are measured in spent condoms . He 's obsessed with condoms ; they brag about shopping for them at Costco . “ These women , ” they complain on “ Pray for Me ” , “ They plot and they 're scheming/ Do anything to get hold of my semen/ I 'm flushing the rubber , you wo n't get my children. ” This seems to give them no small amount of satisfaction .
But their policy changes from time to time , like on “ Him and I ” , a listless Bonnie and Clyde number they recorded with real-life girlfriend Halsey . G-Eazy raps about loving someone so much they begin to “ hit it , no rubber , ” as if a possible unplanned pregnancy was as romantic as a bouquet of red roses .
There 's often a disconnect between how amazing G-Eazy thinks something is and how amazing it really is . One of the songs is about all the interesting things they say while counting their money , and the song is called , “ That 's a Lot ” . “ Ooh , that 's a lot , ” they remark over and over again , feeling no call for variety , as if “ that 's a lot ” contained multitudes , as if it pretty much covered everything that could be said .
In this environment , guest verses parachute in like boxes of food for starving natural disaster victims . G-Eazy is outshined on their own songs by Kehlani , Halsey , A $ AP Rocky , and Cardi B — even by human pudding Charlie Puth .
To G-Eazy 's credit , they produced many of the beats on the album . But they ruined it by refusing to call themselves a producer in the album notes , instead insisting they were the “ composer. ” I was n't aware that ripping off second-tier Boi-1da beats qualified as composition .
The album is a two-disc album at a time when nobody uses discs . There 's no interruption , no welcome silence between discs one and discs two . No , just 20 songs , a brutal slog of stacks and condoms and stacks and condoms and occasionally a disembodied ass without any other parts of a woman sighted .
The last two songs bring a brief , shallow bit of introspection . On “ Love Is Gone ” , G-Eazy observes , “ The world is in flames/ We worry about materials and the simplest things. ” This critique of materialism is a bit rich , coming as it does after a 65-minute materialist orgy . They lob a couple of wet insults at Trump and positions themselves as a champion of women 's rights . Their plea for gender equality might have been more welcome if they had n't just spent over an hour calling women bitches that should be discarded along with rubbers , and even bragging about how little their bitches weigh .
On “ Eazy ” , G-Eazy writes to younger versions of themselves with the framing device of “ Dear Gerald. ” You get the idea . Dear Gerald at 14 , I know you 're sad , but keep hustling . Dear 21 , you 're sad because the hustling is n't paying off . Later , the hustling pays off ! The Beautiful and Damned ends with a tidy moral : “ Most of ya'all should probably party less and focus more. ” I found this insipid moralizing to be only the last in a long line of insufferable gestures , but maybe I only feel that way because I 'm not a Gemini .
Did you hear the one about the self-described “ fat ” queer black NDP candidate running in the tony midtown Toronto riding of St. Paul 's who two years ago called the city 's police chief a “ coon ” in a Facebook rant ?
It goes like this . Jill Andrew 's party leader — Andrea Horwath — tells the media Wednesday that Andrew was just using language employed in the black community to “ show displeasure ” with black leaders not felt to be doing enough to “ address black community issues . ”
Horwath says while they were “ taken aback ” and “ surprised ” with the “ statement , ” they do know that there 's “ lots of situations where black activists are trying to make some change and put some pressure on large institutions to help change the culture . ”
They even denied that their party — or at least some members of their party — are anti-police , especially galling considering one of their other candidates , Gurratan Singh , was pictured holding a “ F— the Police ” sign at a rally 12 years ago .
There 's really no punchline because this is no joke .
Rather Horwath 's remarks Wednesday — and the ones she 's made each and every time a would-be MPP has been shown to be a virtual-signalling , carbon-tax-obsessed , anti-police , anti-Israel , Hitler-memeing radical left and not terribly well-vetted NDP candidates they are — show the serious lack of leadership abilities of a woman who seeks to be our next premier .
Them weak response and their repeated excuses prove the NDP lunatics are already running the asylum ( meaning the party . ) They 've been enabled by their lack of intestinal fortitude to make a strong statement that these kinds of views are unacceptable in the Ontario NDP of 2018 .
I even cycled to Andrew 's Yonge St. campaign office Wednesday morning to speak with them — you know , gay woman to gay woman . But I was told they were “ out all day ” ( as I 've learned at City Hall , that 's lefty-speak for “ I 'm accountable to nobody . ” )
Here 's the thing : Andrew 's Facebook rant was straight out of the Black Lives Matter ( BLM ) playbook . It came the week after BLM-Toronto hijacked the 2016 Gay Pride parade . They not only seemed to resent that Saunders called out BLM for their divisive tactics , but suggested that alleged Toronto police brutality is a fact and their next victims could be a friend , neighbour or former student .
They were disrespectful and offensive . I do n't care if they are black and Saunders is too . It is no different than the kind of disrespect I saw from BLM 's mouthpiece Desmond Cole and various BLM ladies who came to the Toronto Police Services Board last spring to attack the police and bully the weak-kneed politicians into axing the excellent School Resource Officer program .
Without missing a beat — and enabled by Horwath 's excuses — Andrew , whose Facebook slur is still up , doubled down refusing to apologize in a statement Wednesday .
“ As a Black woman , my personal Facebook post was reflective of the very tensions that I , and many in Toronto 's marginalized communities , feel and experience . I recognize that loaded terms compromise discussion . My decision to stand for elected office is a positive step toward engaging with difficult conversations in our City and throughout the province… , ” they wrote .
Speaking of marginalized , Andrew has been busy over the past several years peddling the idea that she 's also a victim and oppressed because she 's a “ fat ” black woman . In fact , as an advocate for “ fat justice , ” she 's encouraged women to embrace their fatness and obesity , like they did in this TED Talk from 2014 .
“ The hatred towards fat has millions of people sucking and cutting their intestines into pieces for the promise of health , ” they said during the 2014 talk , using words like “ thin epidemic ” and the “ war on fat . ”
Look , I 've battled my own weight challenges — and have been the subject of considerable bullying myself ( particularly from NDPers online who disagree with my point of view ) — but I resent them painting themselves the victim or denying that excess weight is a health issue .
I 'm sure encouraging people to be obese is exactly what the Heart and Stroke Foundation and the Canadian Diabetes Association would sanction — and for that reason alone , their “ fat talk ” is dangerous .
2000 — Liberal judicial activists eagerly seize opportunities to expand unsound or dubious precedents . In 1971 , the Supreme Court had ruled in Bivens v. Six Unknown Federal Narcotics Agents that the Constitution confers a claim for damages against a federal agent for allegedly unconstitutional conduct . Writing for a Second Circuit panel in Malesko v. Correctional Services Corp. , Judge Sonia Sotomayor rules that a Bivens claim may also be made against a private corporation acting under color of federal law .
One year later , the Supreme Court will reverse the Second Circuit ruling by a 5-4 vote .
WASHINGTON : The US Senate version of the tax overhaul plan would pay for itself over 10 years , boosting growth and generating US $ 1.8 trillion in additional revenues , the Treasury Department said Monday .
The Republican plan is expected to generate GDP growth of about 2.9 per cent over the next decade , 0.7 percentage points higher than the current forecast , which will bring in more revenue to the government 's coffers and offset the deficit increase caused by lower taxes , according to a Treasury analysis .
Republicans in the House and Senate are working to come up with a final unified version of the reform that President Donald Trump can sign before the end of the year . Both versions call for slashing taxes for corporations and business partnerships while eliminating many deductions for individuals .
`` The Administration has been focused on tax reform and broader economic policies to stimulate growth , which will generate significant long-term revenue for the government , '' US Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin said in a statement .
Many economists doubt large tax cuts can pay for themselves , especially in an economy with not much more room to grow . Other estimates have forecast significantly smaller increases in economic growth as a result of the tax overhaul .
The non-partisan Joint Committee on Taxation estimates the Senate plan could add as much as a US $ 1 trillion to the deficit by 2027 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But according to the Treasury 's analysis , the increased revenues from higher growth should exceed those lost to tax cuts by about US $ 300 billion .
`` These increased receipts are primarily collected in the last five years , '' the Treasury said in a statement . `` We acknowledge that some economists predict different growth rates , '' it added .
A swarm of more than 250 small earthquakes have struck since New Year 's Eve near the California-Mexico border , causing unease among residents and attention from scientists .
The strongest earthquake in the sequence was magnitude 3.9 , striking directly underneath the town of Brawley , about 170 miles southeast of Los Angeles .
The earthquakes struck in the southern end of the Brawley Seismic Zone , a seismically active region where tectonic plates are moving away from each other and the Earth 's crust is getting stretched out “ and basically adding land , ” said Caltech seismologist Egill Hauksson .
The Brawley Seismic Zone is particularly important to watch because it is the region that connects the San Andreas and Imperial faults , both of which can produce damaging earthquakes . The seismic zone extends for about 30 miles from the city of Brawley , across the Salton Sea 's southern half , and ends near Bombay Beach .
The Brawley Seismic Zone , which stretches between Brawley to an area near Bombay Beach , is important to watch because it is a region that connects the San Andreas and Imperial faults , which can produce major earthquakes . Los Angeles Times The Brawley Seismic Zone , which stretches between Brawley to an area near Bombay Beach , is important to watch because it is a region that connects the San Andreas and Imperial faults , which can produce major earthquakes . The Brawley Seismic Zone , which stretches between Brawley to an area near Bombay Beach , is important to watch because it is a region that connects the San Andreas and Imperial faults , which can produce major earthquakes . ( Los Angeles Times )
Hauksson was closely monitoring the swarm that began Saturday , as there was a chance that an earthquake of magnitude 5 or larger could be triggered .
“ There 's always reason to be concerned for a bigger earthquake , ” Hauksson said . But by Sunday night , the possibility of the swarm triggering a larger event had largely receded .
The southern Brawley Seismic Zone is close in proximity to the Imperial fault . The Imperial fault has caused two major earthquakes in recent decades .
Furrows in a plowed field were offset by 11 inches in this magnitude-6.5 earthquake in California 's Imperial Valley in 1979 . D. Cavit / U.S. Geological Survey Furrows in a plowed field were offset by 11 inches in this magnitude-6.5 earthquake in California 's Imperial Valley in 1979 . Furrows in a plowed field were offset by 11 inches in this magnitude-6.5 earthquake in California 's Imperial Valley in 1979 . ( D. Cavit / U.S. Geological Survey )
In 1979 , a magnitude-6.5 earthquake sent violent shaking into El Centro , injuring 91 and causing so much damage to the concrete Imperial County Services Building that it had to be demolished .
There was major damage to the irrigation system in the Imperial Valley , a desert region that is a prolific producer of salad vegetables during the winter . Levees lining the All-American Canal , which funnels water from the Colorado River , collapsed along an eight-mile stretch .
A 1979 earthquake damaged the brittle concrete columns of the Imperial County Services Building in El Centro . U.S. Geological Survey A 1979 earthquake damaged the brittle concrete columns of the Imperial County Services Building in El Centro . A 1979 earthquake damaged the brittle concrete columns of the Imperial County Services Building in El Centro . ( U.S. Geological Survey )
The magnitude-7.1 earthquake that hit El Centro in 1940 claimed nine lives and swayed buildings as far away as Los Angeles . Irrigation systems were damaged , and railroad tracks were left warped where they crossed the fault .
Earthquake swarms that occur in the other end of the Brawley Seismic Zone — to the north — could trigger a major event on the San Andreas fault , one of California 's most dangerous , that could send catastrophic shaking into Riverside , San Bernardino and Los Angeles counties .
In late September , one such swarm began in the northern Brawley Seismic Zone , with three measuring above magnitude 4 . That event led the U.S. Geological Survey to warn that chances of a magnitude 7 or greater earthquakes on the San Andreas fault had risen as a result of the swarm .
Another swarm of small earthquakes , topping out at magnitude 3.5 , struck the town of Niland near the eastern shore of the Salton Sea on Halloween .
The last major earthquake to hit Brawley was in 2012 , registering at magnitude 5.4 .
Brawley Mayor Sam Couchman said the earthquakes have placed the city of 26,000 on edge since Saturday afternoon . The combination of the earthquakes and New Year 's pyrotechnics spooked some of the town 's dogs , who went missing , they said .
“ We 're just kind of listening to it , and when you can hear it coming , it 'll rattle things , ” Couchman said . “ Last night , we had the rain , the earthquakes , and the fireworks .
“ All we needed were frogs and locusts . ”
ron.lin @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ ronlin
ALSO
Drizzle could make the Rose Parade damp , but not drenched
L.A. sheriff 's deputies disciplined after horrific torture death of 8-year-old boy
At one warehouse in L.A. 's Chinatown , artists feel blunt impact from deadly Ghost Ship fire
The pioneering chat app that taught us to text is pulling the plug . On December 15th , AOL Instant Messenger will shut down after running since 1997 . AIM dominated online chat in North America at the turn of the century . But with SMS and social apps like Facebook and WhatsApp having conquered chat , AOL is giving up the fight with no planned replacement .
“ We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades ; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997 ” AOL wrote on the AIM help page . “ Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want . We 're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products . ”
TechCrunch reader Daniel Sinclair tipped the shut down to us , which follows the cut off of third-party apps back in March . Now AIM 's official macOS , Windows , iOS , and Android apps are being pulled off life support .
“ From setting the perfect away message to that familiar ring of an incoming chat , AIM will always have a special place in our hearts ” AOL wrote to users in an email . People can download images they sent until December 15th , but the app 's download links will start disappearing now . Unfortunately there 's no way to save or port your buddy list .
Initially the chat experience built into AOL desktop , AIM launched as a standalone app in 1997 . Its iconic Away Messages were the ancestor to the modern tweet and status update . It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ , and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN . But eventually text messaging , Google 's GChat , and Facebook took over while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile . That led to AOL 's fall from grace , going from being valued at $ 224 billion in today 's money to just $ 4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015 . For context on the business AOL let slip away , WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for over $ 19 billion .
Back in March , a former AOL employee told Ars Technica that they estimated AIM usage had sunk to single-digit millions of users , and the cost of AOL keeping the OSCAR messaging protocol running became too high to justify .
Regardless of [ Disclosure ] TechCrunch being owned by AOL , this moment is bittersweet for me . AIM taught me to write as 12-year old trying to navigate the world of grade-school friendship and romance . I was a shy kid who 'd fumble for words in person , but found my voice through the keyboard where I could compose and edit my thoughts before revealing them . After three straight all-night AIM chats , I asked out my first girlfriend , on pins and needles staring at my cathode ray tube until they agreed .
AIM was a domain parents did n't understand , giving it a feeling of clandestine cool — akin to getting one 's first car but for the Internet generation . In fact , it was what first convinced me that social technology would change the way we interact with each other so vividly that it was worth studying and eventually writing about for a living .
So , farewell to AIM and my embarrassing screen name KDog313 . Being a teenager will always sound like one of your incoming messages .
Apple has moved to block an abuse vector in the WebKit framework that underpins its Safari browser and allows HSTS to be abused to act as a 'supercookie ' for user tracking .
HSTS – HTTP Strict Transport Security – allows a Web site to declare to browsers that it 's only accessible via HTTPS . If a user tries to hit the HTTP-only version of a site , they 'll be redirected to the HTTPS service .
The bug in that feature was that a site could use the redirect information to act as a tracking supercookie , because the HSTS standard stipulates that Web browsers should remember a redirection for future use .
Here 's how it 's described in RFC 6797 :
UAs [ User Agents – El Reg ] need to retain persistent data about web sites that signal strict security policy enablement , for time spans declared by the web sites . Additionally , UAs need to cache the `` freshest '' strict security policy information , in order to allow web sites to update the information .
The RFC recognises the potential for HSTS tracking , and the abuse possibilities were demonstrated in 2015 .
At that time , we reported research by Sam Greenhalgh , who wrote that an HSTS “ pin ” is set for each HTTPS-redirected site you use , it 's unique to user and site , and it 's readable from your browser settings by any site . Those pins could be recovered in the future , and the user does n't get a chance to clear them .
“ In short , an attacker could set HSTS on or off for an arbitrary number of subdomains for a domain they own ” , Helme wrote , and this post at the Webkit blog , by Brent Fulgham , expands with what Apple has observed .
… an attacker could set HSTS on or off for an arbitrary number of subdomains for a domain they own
“ An attacker seeking to track site visitors can take advantage of the user 's HSTS cache to store one bit of information on that user 's device . For example , 'load this domain with HTTPS ' could represent a 1 , while no entry in the HSTS cache would represent a 0 , ” the post said .
“ By registering some large number of domains ( e.g. , 32 or more ) , and forcing resource loads from a controlled subset of those domains , they can create a large enough vector of bits to uniquely represent each site visitor . ”
Having observed privacy attacks in the wild , Fulgham wrote , it was necessary to find a fix without undermining HSTS .
In WebKit , they wrote , Apple has decided to mitigate “ both sides of the attack ” by limiting HSTS state to the TLD ; and address how HSTS state is recorded .
“ Mitigation One ” , addresses the cookie-setting problem : attackers iterating long add-ons to the TLD ( one example from the post is below ) :
https : //bit00.example.com https : //bit01.example.com https : //bit02.example.com ... etc ... https : //bit64.example.com
The network stack only sets the HSTS state to be set for either the loaded hostname , or the “ TLD plus one ” , and “ WebKit also caps the number of redirects that can be chained together , which places an upper bound on the number of bits that can be set , even if the latency was judged to be acceptable . ”
In “ Mitigation Two ” , “ Ignore HSTS State for Subresource Requests to Blocked Domains ” , WebKit blocks things like invisible tracking pixels from forcing an HSTS redirect . As a result , the supercookie becomes a string of zeroes . ®
Sponsored : Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Unitech moved the apex court on 11 December against an order of the NCLT allowing the government to take control of the real estate company . Photo : Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi : The Supreme Court on Tuesday expressed displeasure over the manner in which the government had approached the National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ) in the case of Unitech Ltd and the tribunal 's order allowing the government to take control of the company .
“ It is extremely disturbing since the matter is pending before us . The leave of the court should 've been taken , ” said chief justice Dipak Misra , as they posted the matter for hearing on Wednesday .
NCLT 's order of 8 December was opposed by Mukul Rohatgi , the counsel appearing for Unitech , who said that a judicial tribunal could not have exercised its power in such a way where no hearing was given to the real estate company .
Seeking for suspension of the NCLT order , Rohatgi added , “ I am aggrieved by the manner in which the order was passed . If a copy was given to us , we would 've responded . ”
Unitech moved the apex court on 11 December against an order of the NCLT allowing the government to take control of the real estate company .
Also read : Unitech : The fall of a real estate giant
On 8 November , the NCLT dismissed the board of Unitech while hearing the central government 's plea to take control of the real estate company , and directed the ministry of corporate affairs ( MCA ) to nominate 10 directors to the board .
The NCLT had observed that there was a prima facie case that the affairs of the company were not being carried out honestly and there were a number of irregularities in the company 's operations .
The ministry had filed a petition under section 241 of the Companies Act , 2013 , which allows the government to apply to the tribunal if it feels that a company is operating in a manner prejudicial to public interest—in this case , homebuyers , shareholders and depositors .
To be sure , insolvency proceedings have been initiated against promoters of many realty firms , including Amrapali Group , after angry customers dragged builders to court . Last month , the government amended the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code to include homebuyers as a class of creditors to real estate firms .
Unitech , once the country 's second-largest real estate firm after DLF Ltd , owes over Rs7,800 crore to 16,300 homebuyers in 61 projects , according to data collated by Mint .
The MCA petition , parts of which were seen by Mint , cites the fate of 19,000 homebuyers , 15,000 small depositors and 700,000 shareholders as constituting public interest . It says the firm has also defaulted on debentures worth Rs251.78 crore and owes small depositors Rs596.76 crore .
The NCLT also restrained Sanjay Chandra and Ajay Chandra , directors of Unitech , from engaging in transactions related to their personal wealth till an investigation into alleged siphoning and diversion of money is concluded .
Sanjay and Ajay Chandra , part of the firm 's promoter family , are named in a case of forgery lodged by buyers of Unitech 's Gurugram project . On 1 April , the Supreme Court had sent both accused to police custody after the prosecution said their custodial interrogation was required to unravel the alleged money trail , beneficiaries of transactions and recovery of project-related documents and other evidence .
On 30 October , the Supreme Court had directed Unitech to deposit Rs750 crore by December to secure bail for Sanjay Chandra .
Another day , another fog advisory for Metro Vancouver .
Thick , dense fog blanketed Vancouver and the North Shore on Monday , reducing visibility on the roads .
WATCH : Fog blankets Metro Vancouver
“ The fog is not as extensive as we 've seen in past days here in Metro Vancouver , but where it is foggy , that visibility is close to zero , ” Global BC 's chief meteorologist Mark Madryga said .
Environment Canada issued the advisory Sunday night . A similar warning was issued last week but that fog cleared over the weekend .
READ MORE : PHOTOS : Heavy fog socks in Metro Vancouver , Sunshine Coast
The latest wave of fog is expected to lift later Monday . Madryga said there will be “ a lot less fog for tomorrow , just a few patches to start the day . ”
Environment Canada is reminding the public to stay alert when driving and be prepared for sudden stops .
LOS ANGELES : Thousands of firefighters were battling one of the most destructive wildfires in California 's history on Monday ( Dec 11 ) as it crept relentlessly up the Pacific coast and forced new evacuations .
As a wildfire near Los Angeles was brought under control , fire crews were being redeployed to battle the Thomas Fire northwest of America 's second-largest city .
Fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters were assisting nearly 6,400 firefighters trying to keep the Thomas Fire away from beachfront towns south of the historic city of Santa Barbara , the California Fire Department ( Cal Fire ) said .
`` Gusty northeast winds will cause the fire to threaten areas of the city of Santa Barbara , '' which has a population of 91,000 , Cal Fire said .
Eric Boldt , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Los Angeles , said they did not see any immediate respite to the dry , windy conditions that are fueling the blaze .
`` The conditions are very critical , '' Boldt said . `` Given that we do n't see any precipitation for the next two weeks at minimum , it could become the largest fire in the state 's history . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Thomas Fire has burned 93,300 hectares since it erupted a week ago , Cal Fire said , making it the fifth-largest fire in the state 's history . It was only 15 per cent contained as of early afternoon Monday .
The blaze spread over the weekend in the mostly uninhabited Los Padres National Forest , and was threatening the coastal towns of Montecito , Summerland and Carpinteria .
Mandatory evacuation orders were lifted for the inland cities of Ojai and Santa Paula in Ventura County , which has been the hardest hit by the Thomas Fire .
Comedian and talk show host Ellen DeGeneres was among those preparing to flee their beachfront home .
`` Our house is under threat of being burned , '' DeGeneres said on Twitter . `` We just had to evacuate our pets .
`` I 'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters . ''
`` Praying for my town , '' actor Rob Lowe , a Santa Barbara County resident , wrote on Twitter . Fires closing in . Firefighters making brave stands . Could go either way . Packing to evacuate now . ''
'NEW NORMAL '
May Osher , a 66-year-old retired schoolteacher in Carpinteria , told the Los Angeles Times they had put photo albums and pet supplies in their car and was ready to evacuate if told to do so .
`` I 'm staying until it 's time to go , '' Osher told the newspaper .
Cal Fire said 800 buildings have been destroyed by the fire , which is being fuelled by tinder dry brush and strong and unpredictable Santa Ana winds .
Despite the intensity of the fires stretching from north of Los Angeles down to San Diego , authorities have reported only one fatality - a 70-year-old woman who died in a car crash while fleeing a blaze .
California Governor Jerry Brown has warned that climate change meant the state was becoming increasingly vulnerable and wildfires were becoming the `` new normal . ''
`` The fire season used to be a few months in the summer , '' Brown said . `` Now it 's almost year-long . ''
Brown has been one of the most vocal critics of President Donald Trump 's decision to pull the United States out of the Paris accord on global warming , and they renewed their attacks on the administration over its attitude toward climate change .
`` Nature is not a political game . Nature is the ground on which we stand , it 's the air which we breathe , '' they said .
`` The truth of the case is that there 's too much carbon being emitted , that heat-trapping gasses are building up , the planet is warming and all hell is breaking loose . ''
This has been California 's deadliest year ever for wildfires . More than 40 people died in October when fires swept through the state 's wine-producing counties north of San Francisco .
Trump has issued a state of emergency for California , authorizing the release of federal funds .
The White House said Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue briefed the president and Vice President Mike Pence on the response to the wildfires and prevention efforts .
U.S. software company Salesforce will invest more than US $ 2.2 billion in its French business over the next five years , it said on Tuesday , in another sign of America Inc 's new love affair with France since President Emmanuel Macron 's election .
PARIS : U.S. software company Salesforce will invest more than US $ 2.2 billion in its French business over the next five years , it said on Tuesday , in another sign of America Inc 's new love affair with France since President Emmanuel Macron 's election .
The investment comes as Macron began a state visit to Washington , becoming the first foreign leader to be given the honor by U.S. President Donald Trump .
`` In the context of their state visit to the United States , Salesforce announced to President Macron an investment of more than US $ 2.2 billion in the company 's French business over the next five years , '' Salesforce said in a statement .
A survey by the American Chamber of Commerce last November showed that the election of Macron , who has pledged reforms to boost the French economy and help businesses , had caused American investors to take a more positive view on France , with many planning to expand .
Salesforce said it was experiencing rapid growth in France and planned to significantly increase its headcount , real estate footprint and data center capacity .
The announcement follows similar decisions to invest in France by U.S. multinationals such as Google , Facebook and General Mills .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Macron , a former investment banker , and their government are pushing through social and economic reforms to re-shape the French economy and restore France 's image among investors .
They have already made hiring and firing easier by easing labor regulations , slashed a wealth tax , introduced a flat 30 percent tax rate on capital income and scrapped the highest bracket of payroll tax for banks .
( Reporting by Michel Rose ; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta )
Actors have a saying : You do n't get 100 % of the parts you do n't audition for . If you 're an artistic type , or a writerly type , or even just someone who 's looking for a job , you may have found rejections to be so painful that you 've just stopped applying for things . Social media and streaming TV is so soothing—why would you put yourself out there for stuff you 're not going to get anyway ?
But what if you set rejection as a goal ? That 's what writer Kiki Schirr did at the beginning of this year : They resolved to get 100 rejections by the end of 2018—to apply for anything and everything that interested her , even things that they thought were beyond their grasp , and to treat each rejection as evidence that they were pursuing them goal .
The first rejection rolled in on January 12th .
But by the end of May , she 'd tweeted that they might have a hard time reaching their goal—because so many of the anticipated rejections were actually acceptances .
Advertisement
Now of course this a nice story because she 'd have some unexpected successes . ( I 'm picturing some poor schmo starting the # 100in2018 hashtag and on March 1st being like “ ... and that 's 99 , and that 's 100 . Done. ” ) Sometimes people have imposter syndrome because they 're , you know , actual imposters .
Maybe treating rejection as a pure numbers game can inoculate you against the agony of many tiny defeats .
Advertisement
But if you 're suffering from undeserved low self-esteem , Kiki 's success story might knock some confidence into you—sure , you might get 100 rejections , but maybe , just from sheer luck , you 'll get 10 acceptances along the way .
Even though I do n't know Kiki—maybe she 's super-skilled in all areas and failure was never a serious option—she 's definitely made me re-think my whole approach to rejection . Is it possible to take the sting out of it , the sense that each “ no ” is a referendum on your worth ? Maybe treating rejection as a pure numbers game can inoculate you against the agony of many tiny defeats .
Advertisement
So set a goal—for this month , or the summer , or the year , to get told “ no ” more . Once a few rejections roll in , they will stop being such a big deal . And then you can use that emotional energy for other , better things , like writing or auditioning or polishing your resume . Or even setting bigger and better failure goals that , if you 're lucky , you just might fail to meet .
The Commerce Department 's decision in an antidumping case brought by Boeing `` underscored the defensive trade policy '' of President Donald Trump .
In another high-stakes trade battle , the U.S. Commerce Department on Friday proposed increasing tariffs on Bombardier CSeries jets to 300 % after determining that the Canadian firm sold the aircraft below cost to Delta Air Lines .
The department began an antidumping investigation of Bombardier in response to a petition from Boeing , which has complained its rival dumped the planes at “ absurdly low ” prices . The preliminary 79.82 % tariff proposed Friday would add to a 220 % tariff that Bombardier is already facing because of separate probe into Boeing 's claims it received unfair state subsidies from the U.K. and Canada .
“ The United States is committed to free , fair and reciprocal trade with Canada , but this is not our idea of a properly functioning trading relationship , ” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a news release .
“ We will continue to verify the accuracy of this decision , while [ doing ] everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers , ” they added .
As Reuters reports , the decision “ underscored the defensive trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump , and could effectively halt sales of Bombardier 's innovative new plane to U.S. airlines by quadrupling the cost of the jets imported to the United States . ”
Earlier this week , the International Trade Commission bolstered that policy by finding U.S. washing machine makers have been harmed by rising imports from South Korea .
Bombardier was due to begin delivering a blockbuster order for up to 125 of the 100- to 150-seat planes to Delta next year . “ The quadrupling of the price tag effectively kills all sales of the CSeries in the U.S. , ” the Seattle Times said .
The CS300 model competes with Boeing 's current model 737-700 or the new version , the 737 MAX 7 , which seats up to 172 passengers . Bombardier said Friday that offering discount pricing to big customers as a program is launched is standard in the aircraft industry .
“ Boeing 's own … practices — selling aircraft below production costs for years after launching a program — would fail under Commerce 's approach , ” the Canadian firm said . “ This hypocrisy is appalling . ”
Posted Feb. 15 , 2017 at 8:43 a.m .
Duke inventors ' recipe for kitchen safety : Internet of Things stove control , app
Published : 2017-02-15 08:43:22
Updated : 2017-02-15 08:43:22
Features of Inirv Image 1 of 4 · Next Image… On The Web Kitchen kickstarter campaign
We 've all seen the home security commercials where customers lock the doors with a mobile app . Now two Duke inventors are taking this Internet of Things/app combo to the kitchen with remote monitoring - and the ability to turn off the heat remotely before disaster strikes .
It 's hot , too . Their kickstarter campaign is lighting up with buyers .
`` Inirv React provides you with peace of mind knowing that your home , family and belongings are safe , no matter what you 're whipping up in your kitchen , '' the inventors explain .
The fundraising campaign is scheduled to end today with some $ 159,000 pledged so far from 492 backers .
Why ? Here are some of the promises :
`` Inirv React is the first device that lets you control your stove from your smartphone and helps to protect you and your loved ones from the devastating effects of house fires . Its combination of sensors and electronics enable it to not only detect high levels of smoke , natural gas , and lack of motion ( or , you in the kitchen ) , but also react and turn your stove off to keep you safe .
`` It also allows you to monitor your stove remotely and modulate the burner temperature . With Inirv React , you never have to worry about leaving your stove on again ! ''
The goal of $ 175,000 is tantalizing close for Akshita Iyer ( COO ) and Ranjith Babu ( CEO ) , who collaborated to invent the stove monitoring and control system .
What triggered the invention ? Iyer came up with the idea after nearly burning down their own home .
`` All of our homes have smoke detectors that detect high levels of smoke and warn us if there is a hazard . However , they do n't intervene and prevent the situation from getting worse , '' they inventors explain at their website . `` We knew a better solution was needed so we designed a revolutionary product that not only prevents hazardous situations but reacts to prevent them from escalating . ''
Babu , a neurosurgeon at Duke , and Iyer , a Duke alumn , say they saw a need for improved kitchen safety and designed sensors as well as Bluetooth-enabled devices to attach to knobs on a stove . Linked to detectors for smoke , gas and heat , the knobs when triggered turn off the stove .
The inventor duo then took the next step of building an app so stoves could be monitored and controlled remotely .
`` You rely on your smartphone for everything else , why not use it to check on your kitchen ? The smartphone app will allow you to monitor the environment of your kitchen and receive alerts in real-time even if you are miles away from home . Even more , you can turn off your stove and change the temperature of your burners right from your phone - no need to rush home , '' the inventors say .
`` Use your stove like you normally do ! As soon as you turn it on , Inirv React automatically activates and monitors your kitchen for dangerous conditions . The bright blue glow of the LED rings on the sensor and knob units indicate that you and your home are protected . ''
​The system also includes a motion sensor and timer for those absent-minded chefs who wander away from the stove and forget they are cooking dinner .
`` After 15 minutes of no activity in your kitchen with the stove left on , the timer will expire and the knob unit will activate to turn your burner off . To prevent the timer from expiring and your stove from turning off , just check on it every 15 minutes , '' the inventors point out .
`` Each time you enter your kitchen and the sensor unit detects motion , the timer is reset . Need to adjust the timer ? Simply tap the touch sensor to cycle through the settings . There are 4 to choose from for maximum flexibility ! You can also set each knob unit to have a different timer setting . ''
As for making sure the knobs work , the duo stress that the knobs are `` universal . ''
`` With its universal stove adapter , Inirv React works on any gas or electric stove , '' they say .
`` Even better , it does n't require professional installation ! You can install it yourself in just a few minutes and know your home is protected . ''
Words from The Skinny really ca n't adequately describe what this duo has done . The site includes a video overview as well as a detailed breakdown of features and offerings .
So , check out the kickstarter website at :
https : //www.kickstarter.com/projects/157070440/inirv-react-make-your-home-smarter-and-safer ? ref=commandpartners
You may believe these Duke entrepreneurs have come up with a solution all home chefs can embrace for cooking more safely .
WRAL TechWire any time : Twitter , Facebook
Copyright 2017 WRAL TechWire . All rights reserved .
Starting Monday , the pristine television channels of the country will be safe from the corrupting influence of advertising , and more specifically those ads that promote condoms , which might mislead our children into having safe sex . As per a directive issued by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting , TV channels ca n't air advertisements selling and promoting condoms because these are `` indecent especially for children '' and can create `` unhealthy practices '' among them .
Fair enough . Our children do n't need to know about safe sex . Or about sex at all . They are happy and content watching re-runs of the umpteen shows on TV right now that showcase what an adarsh Indian household should be like , scheming against mothers-in-law , killing off pesky relatives and coming back from the dead included .
What 's even worse is that these ads would insert breaks between shows that are teaching our kids some truly fine Indian values and traditions .
But then , what 's fair for the goose must be fair for the moose . Or something to that effect . If they 're going to ban condom commercials on the grounds that they promote unhealthy practices , they must also ideally ban other things that have the same effect . After all , our television screens are replete with sexually-loaded content . And we are n't even talking about movies and item songs ; there are other television commercials too which ideally should be banned . Here are some of them :
Underwear ads : To be fair , the words `` ye toh bada toing hai '' could mean a number of things . A young impressionable child may look at the Amul Macho ad and think it refers to a wide screen TV . They may then see one that says `` ye andar ki baat hai '' , and think it talks about the technology at work inside their new mobile phone . But it 's unlikely . He 's going to think of sex . And a story that begins with an impressionable child thinking about sex ca n't possibly end well .
Energy capsules : One minute a man is jaded and tired . The next minute , they are prancing about and bouncing off the walls . One of them even shows the husband and wife in their bedroom ! Not only are these ads misleading our children into thinking old age can be reversed , they are also telling them that when a man and woman are in a bedroom together , they do n't often spend their time playing Antakshari .
Deodorant : Deodorant ads are often far worse than the condom ads ! In one ad , on their first night as a married woman , this girl is seduced by a neighbour who is wearing Zatak . That 's an entire gamut of things which no child should be exposed to . From what happens on a wedding night to infidelity and the concept of women having sexual desires , these are all things that children need to be shielded from .
In fact , look at all FMCG ads . If it 's not soap ads that show people swanning around covered in chocolate , it 's chocolate ads that show people suddenly turning sexy after taking a bite . Then there are the ads for fizzy drinks that turn people into maniacs — jumping around on tables , gyrating their hips around everyone in sight .
And since we 're on the topic of unhealthy practices , what about selfies and the mobile phone ads showcasing them ? We 'll never understand the craze about selfies and cameras and video playback features that these phones are blatantly advertising ! Are our children supposed to study or are they to spend their days gallivanting about with a phone in hand ? Ban everything that does n't promote studies !
Oh and then there 's the worst of the lot !
Ek chidiya , anek chidiya : Listening to this song from the 1970s is how an entire generation of Indian kids grew up . No more . How did one bird become several birds ? The birds have clearly become lovebirds and are now engaging in intense reproductive activity . Watching this would make our children wonder if the stork visited these fine birds . Ban !
SANTOS , Brazil : Twenty years ago , a coach named Betinho was watching a game of beach football when they spotted a skinny boy of six sprinting up and down the terracing , faster than he 'd ever seen someone of that age . It was Neymar .
The boy , who would one day turn into the world 's most expensive footballer , dashed around that afternoon in 1998 near Santos , south of São Paulo , under the eye of their mother . Their father , a recently retired professional right-back , played in an amateur game on the sand .
Advertisement
The experienced Betinho took it all in .
`` This is how I saw it , '' Betinho , 60 , told AFP in the small town of Sao Vicente , where they still live , not far from the beach where they struck footballing gold .
`` The father plays well , the mother is tall , so if the boy turns out thin like her , and with their father 's game , it will work . ''
Betinho knew what they were talking about .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Eight years earlier he 'd discovered Robinho , who would go on to shine at Pele 's old club Santos , then play for Real Madrid , Manchester City , AC Milan and in two World Cups with Brazil .
What Betinho did n't know was that he 'd just spotted someone even better .
Approaching the parents , they asked if they could take the kid they called `` Juninho '' - the diminutive of Junior , which is how relatives still call the star - to train with the area futsal team , Gremetal . They agreed .
`` All my career I wanted to find a player who could summon up the spirit of Pele . Lightening struck twice for me , '' Betinho said .
100 PER CENT JESUS
Betinho and Neymar stuck together in a journey that led from club to club before the prodigy was signed up to Santos Football Club 's training programme at the age of 11 .
The slender , skilled dribbler 's reputation preceded him .
`` We already knew who Neymar was . They were already taking care of them as if they were a future great , '' said their friend Pedro Lopes at Gremetal , where they first met 16 years ago .
Neymar was only nine when they arrived , but after just two training sessions they were moved up an age category .
`` In most of our games , we 'd pass the ball to them and wait for them to dribble through half the opposing team , '' Lopes says .
Neymar celebrates after scoring in a qualifier against Paraguay last year . ( Photo : AFP/Miguel Schincariol )
Lopes and Neymar became close both on the pitch and in school , but although Neymar was a good student , their destiny was already in motion .
`` He had innate talent , which has been honed with time , especially in the team aspect of the game , because they were always someone very hungry for the ball . They wanted to get the ball , to dribble past everyone , '' said the Gremetal coach , Alcides Magri .
It was at Gremetal that Neymar got their first title , starting a streak that would later include a Champions League , Copa Libertadores and Olympic gold . It was also at Gremetal that they began their tradition of celebrating cup wins by wrapping on a headband given to them by their devout Evangelical Christian mother , reading : `` 100 per cent Jesus . ''
HIGH LIFE
To fans , Neymar has often come across as a spoiled playboy , never happier than when showing off their latest tattoo on Instagram .
But those who know them from the start say the star is playful and joyful , if not always understood by others .
`` He 's someone with incredible energy , happiness , an extrovert who always feels good about life . When I 'm down , I try to get close to them because they transmit huge positivity , '' Lopes said .
With their dyed hair , tatoos and similar love of Instagram , Lopes fits right in with Neymar 's band of friends who call themselves the `` Tois . '' The gang rallied around the Paris Saint-Germain forward when they flew home for surgery on a broken foot bone in February .
`` When they suffered the sadness of that injury , they turned to their family for comfort , to raise their self-esteem and to recuperate as quickly as possible , '' Lopes said .
One of Neymar 's morale-boosting requests was for Lopes to bring them a Gremetal shirt to put in their collection .
It was a moment of nostalgia . But as their discoverer Betinho says , Neymar 's roots are already far behind .
`` I spent six years looking after him , which is a long time . But now he 's part of the world . ''
ADDIS ABABA : Ethiopia 's ruling coalition started talks with opposition groups on Wednesday on amending provisions of an anti-terrorism law that critics say has criminalised dissent , state-affiliated media said .
Watchdog groups say the 2009 law 's broad definitions have been used indiscriminately against anyone who opposes government policy . Among its provisions , it makes anyone publish information deemed to encourage terrorism liable to a jail term of up to 20 years .
Advertisement
The discussions follow the release on Tuesday of opposition leader Andargachew Tsige , who was sentenced to death under the law in 2009 over their role in the opposition group Ginbot 7 , which the government has labelled a terrorist organisation .
The Fana Broadcasting Corporation said 14 political parties , including the ruling Ethiopian People 's Revolutionary Democratic Front , were taking part in talks having `` agreed to amend '' unspecified articles of the legislation .
Human Rights Watch has previously said the law `` grants authorities the power to prosecute journalists who publish articles about protest movements , armed opposition groups , or any other individuals deemed as terrorist or anti-peace '' .
Ethiopia has released thousands of dissidents since January as part of reforms that the government has pledged to undertake in the wake of violent unrest that broke out three years ago .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The protests were sparked by an urban development plan for Addis Ababa that critics said would trigger land seizures in the surrounding Oromiya region , before broadening into rallies over political rights .
The unrest led to the resignation of Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn in February . They have since been replaced by former army officer Abiy Ahmed , who has pledged to push through reforms .
Andargachew 's Ginbot 7 is among five groups the government had blacklisted under the anti-terrorism legislation , along with the secessionist groups Oromo Liberation Front and the Ogaden National Liberation Front , as well as the militant Islamist al Qaeda and Somalia 's al Shabaab .
On Tuesday , the government pardoned Ginbot 7 's leader Berhanu Nega , who had previously been sentenced to death .
( Editing by Andrew Roche )
Dave Barrett , the first BC NDP premier of British Columbia , has died . They were 82 .
Barrett served a single term in office from 1972 to 1975 , ending 22 years of rule by the Social Credit Party .
A statement from Barrett 's family said that they died on Friday morning after a “ long struggle with Alzheimer 's Disease . ”
“ He cared deeply about their province and devoted much of their life to trying to make it a better and fairer place to live , ” the statement said .
“ His love of the province was surpassed only by their devotion to their family . they will be sorely missed .
WATCH : A feature from 1984 , looking back at Dave Barrett and the NDP 's term in power from 1972 to 1975
Born in Vancouver in 1930 , Barrett was first elected in 1960 as a member of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation ( CCF ) , and then re-elected with the BC NDP in 1963 , 1966 and 1969 .
They became party leader in 1969 and led the BC NDP to their first government in 1972 .
Barrett was known for a question they asked their cabinet at their first meeting , after having slid down a table : “ are we here for a good time or a long time ? ”
READ MORE : 2 former B.C . premiers diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease
They introduced a number of reforms that still resonate today .
Barrett 's NDP worked to pass 367 bills in the coming three years , according to the Broadbent Institute .
Reforms introduced by their government included the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve ( ALR ) so that farmland would be protected .
The BC NDP also launched ICBC , created a labour relations board and ushered in changes to the welfare system .
“ In this day of big government , it is absolutely imperative that MLAs stand up and fight for those little people who are being forgotten under rigid government legislation , ” they said .
Barrett called a snap election in 1975 and was beaten by the Social Credit Party , which was then led by Bill Bennett .
They also lost their seat in Coquitlam but they returned to the legislature in a byelection the following year .
READ MORE : B.C . proposes big changes to land reserve
In 1983 , Barrett became the first MLA to be forcibly removed from the legislative chamber after they refused to withdraw a challenge to a ruling by the speaker .
“ I have never in my 23 years witnessed anything as arbitrary or immoral as what has just happened , ” they said .
Barrett 's reign as premier was chronicled in the book The Art of the Impossible by journalist Rod Mickleburgh and now-chief of staff to Premier John Horgan Geoff Meggs .
Deputy President of the Senate , Mr Ike Ekweremadu , said only holistic and institutionalised approaches to the anti-graft crusade could guarantee success for Nigeria .
They said that though recent drop by Nigeria in the Transparency International 's ( TI ) Corruption Perception Index was a “ huge blow to the nation 's anti-graft war ` ' , it should be a wake-up call .
Ekweremadu , in a statement by their Special Adviser ( Media ) , Mr Uche Anichukwu , stated this at an anti-corruption event organised by the Yar'Adua Foundation in Abuja on Monday .
They said : “ A sincere and meaningful anti-graft war must be holistic . Nigeria can not wage war against one type of corruption in isolation of the others and expect to succeed .
“ We can not also succeed in this all-important war if we place a set of citizens above the law and if we accord red carpet reception back into office to some persons indicted or disciplined for corruption .
“ Such attitudes can not mobilise the needed national and international support in the anti-corruption crusade .
“ It can only breed more corruption by giving some people a sense of above-the-law and embarrass us before the international community . ”
The deputy president of the senate added that “ we must build the relevant institutions and erect the requisite legal framework . Every arm and institution of government must play its part .
“ I am happy to note that apart from exposing several corrupt practices in high places , the Senate has passed a number of bills to institutionalise and strengthen the anti-graft war .
“ They include the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Bill , which will assist the country to trace and recover looted funds , Witness Protection Bill and Whistleblower Protection Bill .
“ Others are Audit Service Commission Bill and the Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit Bill . Most of these bills are actually private-member bills .
“ In the constitution amendment , which is at the concluding stage , we are making efforts to create an Office of Accountant-General of the Federal Government , different from Accountant-General of the Federation , to ensure accountability .
“ Furthermore , we are working on granting autonomy to the Office of the Auditor-General of the Federation . ”
WASHINGTON : US President Donald Trump warned Iran on Tuesday ( Apr 24 ) not to follow through with threats to restart its nuclear programme , as they and French President Emmanuel Macron struggled to find common ground on saving the 2015 Iran nuclear deal .
Meeting Macron in the Oval Office after a colourful welcome ceremony in honour of the French leader , Trump heaped scorn on the nuclear accord negotiated by their predecessor , former president Barack Obama , and aimed at stopping Iran from getting a nuclear weapon .
Iran has said it will ramp up its nuclear programme if the deal collapses and a senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that Tehran might quit a treaty designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons if Trump scraps the agreement .
`` If they restart their nuclear programme , they will have bigger problems than they have ever had before , '' Trump said .
Trump called the agreement a `` terrible deal '' that was `` insane '' and `` ridiculous '' because it did not deal with ballistic missiles or Iran 's activities in conflicts in places like Yemen or Syria .
`` We made this terrible deal but we 're going to discuss it , '' they said . Under the deal , Iran agreed to curb its nuclear ambitions in return for relief from economic sanctions . Tehran says its nuclear programme is only for peaceful means . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
Macron came to Washington hoping to persuade Trump to keep the United States in the Iran agreement , saying it offered the best chance to constrain Tehran , imperfect as it may be .
They told Trump the accord is part of a `` broader picture '' of security in region .
`` On Iran , we must contextualise this subject within the challenges of the region . There is the situation in Syria , there is security in the entire region and I think , in any case , we share a common goal of avoiding an escalation and proliferation of nuclear weapons in the region . So the question is what is the best path , '' Macron said .
US President Donald Trump ( L ) and French President Emmanuel Macron walk down the colonnade at the White House following the official arrival ceremony for Macron on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington , Apr 24 , 2018 . ( Photo : Reuters/Kevin Lamarque )
​​​​​​​
European calls for exemptions from Trump 's plan for 25 per cent tariffs on steel imports are also on their agenda , as well as the US president 's desire to withdraw US forces from Syria as soon as practicable .
Macron , whose visit will be followed by one on Friday from German Chancellor Angela Merkel , has called on Trump to keep troops in Syria for the time being to ensure the defeat of Islamic State militants .
A 21-gun salute echoed across the South Lawn and a flute-playing fife and drum corps , in red-coated uniforms and tri-corner hats , marched by Trump and Macron and their wives , Melania Trump and Brigitte Macron in a welcoming ceremony on Tuesday .
In the evening , the Trumps are to host the Macrons at the first state dinner conducted by Trump since they took power .
Trump , in welcoming remarks , thanked France for joining with the United States and Britain in launching airstrikes in Syria earlier this month in response to a chemical weapons attack blamed on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
They said they and Macron had developed over the past year `` a wonderful friendship '' that is `` a testament to the enduring friendship that binds our two nations . ''
Macron , in their remarks , called for the two countries to work together against Islamist militants , on North Korea and Iran , on `` free and fair trade , '' and on climate change .
`` It is together that we will counter the proliferation in weapons of mass destruction , whether it is in North Korea or in Iran , '' Macron said .
They alluded to Trump 's withdrawal last year from the Paris climate accord , saying `` we do not always agree on the solution , '' but stressed `` the fate of our children is at stake . ''
The chairperson , Independent National Electoral Commission ( INEC ) , Mahmood Yakubu , says the electoral body is non-partisan .
Yakubu said this in reaction to allegations that some INEC officials pervert electoral processes for “ partisan consideration ” and the alleged cloning of smart card readers .
At a meeting with political parties at the INEC Electoral Institute , Abuja on Wednesday , Yakubu said it was impossible for the commission 's officials to manipulate electoral processes given its “ robust procedures ” .
“ It is unfortunate that in certain quarters , there is still the fixation that INEC officials are involved in deliberately perverting the processes and procedures for partisan considerations , ” Yakubu said .
“ We should stop seeing INEC as a political party or its officials as rival candidates . We are not a political party .
“ We have no candidate in any election . We shall continue to maintain our integrity as election managers . I wish to assure you that our electoral processes have gone beyond the capacity of our own officials to manipulate .
“ The procedures are robust . The claim that the permanent voter cards ( PVCs ) are cloned and smart card readers pre-loaded is simply ludicrous .
“ The card readers are only configured to specific polling units 72 hours or less before an election , set to operate only on election day from 8am and is manually shut down for accreditation after the last person on the queue has voted or automatically by 8pm . ”
They allayed the fear of those who said there were plans to rig the July 14 election in Ekiti state .
Ayodele Fayose , governor of the state , is among those who have alleged that INEC is working in favour of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) .
Kolapo Olusola , Fayose 's deputy , is the PDP governorship candidate in the election .
The INEC chairperson also spoke on plans to ensure that the exercise ends smoothly .
“ In Ekiti state , where we are deploying the enhanced Smart Card Readers ( SCRs ) , this process has not even commenced . It is impossible to pre-load the card readers , let alone do so with cloned PVCs , ” they said .
“ In any case , electoral officials at polling units on election day cross-check the voter 's name on the register of voters which includes the voter 's photograph . The voter must be personally present in order to vote . It can not be done by proxy or prior to election day .
“ We appeal to Nigerians to discountenance this unimaginative theory which is similar to the allegation of scientific rigging before a previous stand-alone Governorship election in which the Commission was accused of deploying a special ballot paper that altered the voter 's choice within minutes after it has been dropped into the ballot box in favour of another political party .
“ Similarly , the accusation that excess result sheets are being printed in order to surreptitiously alter results during collation is simply untrue .
“ With lessons learnt from every election and the reports we receive from political parties , civil society organisations and other stakeholders , the Commission has been introducing new innovations to further protect the integrity of our processes . ”
Oluwole Osaze-Uzzi , INEC director , voter education and publicity , had said the commission would commence systematic hardware and software upgrade of all its smart card readers nationwide by next week .
Osaze said this after PVCs appeared online for sale on Chinese e-commerce website , Alibaba .
A Tulsa non-profit is getting grant money to help give our teachers school supplies .
`` The Pencil Box '' is one of five groups nationwide benefitting from the Blue Bunny Helmet of Hope program .
Each group will get $ 25,000 and a Blue Bunny ice cream party . Organizers from the Pencil Box say they will share the party with a Tulsa school .
`` We 've given out over $ 180,000 worth of school supplies so you know doing that year after year , we really need the help and support of the community and so this just part of that , '' said Nancy Bolzle , Executive Director of The Pencil Box .
Helmet of Hope is an extension of Nascar driver Jimmie Johnson 's foundation .
As a part of the grant winnings , Johnson will represent each non-profit on their helmet at the Kentucky Speedway in July .
Mahathir Mohamad , 92 , the ex-Malaysian prime minister who is aiming to return to power , spoke to the Mainichi Shimbun about China , the current Malaysian regime , as well as an imprisoned man who they eventually want to be the country 's next leader .
On Jan. 26 in the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur , Mahathir described the current Malaysian leader , Najib Razak , as being “ too close to China. ” “ We are no longer neutral , ” they lamented .
Mahathir , who was Malaysia 's prime minister between 1981 and 2003 , and who modeled their “ Look East ” policy on countries such as Japan , is looking to oust Najib in the Malaysian general election scheduled to be held in the first half of 2018 .
In the interview , they said that they realize the ruling party is widely considered to have the upper hand when it comes to elections , but unless one tries to compete against that , one can never win .
Of Najib , Mahathir said , “ He sees China as a source of funds which they could borrow . But when you borrow and can not pay , you are going to be in trouble , ” explaining that they want to rectify Malaysia 's borrowing issue in relation to China , should they win the election .
They also reflected on their previous time in power , stating , “ Malaysia 's policy was neutral . We were friendly with every country . Whether China or Japan or Korea or America . We were friendly . If they do something wrong , we feel we have the right to criticize them , ” They added , “ We do n't want to be aligned to anybody . ”
Despite being 92 , Mahathir , who has been critical of Najib 's suspected connection to political slush funds , has re-emerged on the political landscape on the strength of their reputation and previous performance . They were selected early this year as a joint candidate for prime minister in a four-party alliance of opposition parties .
However , they are realistic about their age , saying , “ I ca n't stay for very long . At the most , I can last for two years. ” Nevertheless , they are up for the fight , explaining , “ I decided to eventually form a party and this party needs to work with other opposition parties if it is going to contest against BN ( the current ruling party ) and all the opposition parties felt that I should take the lead . ”
Furthermore , they also touched on former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim , 70 , who is currently in prison . Mahathir revealed that they want to hand over the role of prime minister to Anwar after their release from prison , assuming that they win .
However , although Anwar is set to be released in June , they would not be allowed to put their name forward for an election for five years , having served five years in prison for a controversial sodomy conviction .
Anwar would first need a royal pardon from the King of Malaysia in order to run the country , and Mahathir will not give up on seeking one . “ We will try . We will do our best to get a royal pardon , ” the former leader said .
–
.
A motion has been filed in the National Assembly seeking to disband the Ethics and Anti-corruption Commission ( EACC ) .
Aldai Member of Parliament Cornely Serem claims the anti-graft body has failed in its principal mandate of investigating corrupt cases and recommending individuals for prosecution .
The motion by Serem only adds up to a number of murmurs of those who feel that EACC is inept in the fight against the graft .
This is not the first time , as a section of Kenyans raise questions if indeed it has any teeth to bite .
Get breaking news on your Mobile as-it-happens . SMS ‘ NEWS ' to 22163
The spotlight shining on the commission for failing to read corruption signals amounting to billions of shillings at the National Youth Service ( NYS ) and the National Cereals and Produce Board ( NCPB ) .
However what many are asking was why the EACC was bypassed by investigating agencies in the NYS loot perhaps drawing from the past experience that the commission has never prosecuted a single case to fruition yet receiving funds yearly purposely to fight the graft .
Courts in the country have dismissed most of the EACC cases owing to insufficient evidence .
In March , Chief Magistrate Kennedy Bidali acquitted former Devolution PS Peter Mangiti citing insufficient evidence in the case relating to the loss of 791 Million shillings at the NYS .
The Anti-graft body has for years been investigating the Anglo-leasing and the Goldenberg scandal in which tax payers lost billions of money .
There have been no tangible conclusions or convictions on these mega scams .
Apart from Goldenberg , Anglo-leasing scandals , the Triton oil scandal , the Kazi kwa Vijana programme scandal , and the 2010 Maize scandal are some of the other unconcluded matters even when it was clear they were major heists in which the tax payer lost Billions of shillings .
President Uhuru Kenyatta during an anti-corruption summit at State House Nairobi is on record reprimanding EACC CEO Halakhe Waqo accusing them of furnishing them with an ill prepared infamous list of shame that they tabled in parliament during their state of the Nation Address in March 2015 .
Most of those named in the list of shame even after resigning from office have been cleared of the allegations or their cases still pending in court . It 's perhaps against this backdrop that Aldai Mp Cornelly Serem has filed a motion seeking to disband the EACC .
Serem says the EACC has nothing to show in the war against graft and was undeserving of Kenyan taxes and instead wants EACC 's budgetary allocation diverted to the Directorate of Criminal Investigations .
However Legal Affairs Committee chair in the National Assembly William Cheptumo and Lawyer Ambrose Weda are proposing legal amendments to the EACC Act to give the body prosecutorial powers .
Weda attributes public pressure to the substandard investigations by EACC allowing the suspects loopholes to dodge convictions .
LONDON : The `` Big Ben '' bell in the British parliament 's famous clock tower will cease its regular bongs at noon on Aug 21 , falling silent for most of the next four years while renovation works are carried out , the House of Commons said on Monday .
The hammers which have struck the 13.7 tonne bell every hour for most of the last 157 years will be locked and disconnected from the clock , although the bongs will still sound for important events such as New Year 's Eve celebrations .
`` This essential program of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis , as well as protecting and preserving its home , the Elizabeth Tower , '' said Steve Jaggs , Keeper of the Great Clock .
The Palace of Westminster on the bank of the River Thames , home to parliament , is a world heritage site and major tourist attraction , and Jaggs encouraged members of the public to gather in nearby Parliament Square to hear the final bongs next Monday .
The 96-metre-tall Elizabeth Tower , believed to be the most photographed building in the United Kingdom , is already half enveloped in scaffolding as part of a major renovation project .
As part of the works the clock housing Big Ben will be dismantled and each cog examined and restored . The clock 's four dials will be cleaned and repaired , their cast iron framework renewed and the hands removed and refurbished .
Advertisement
Advertisement
One working clock face will remain visible at all times , telling the time silently , and it will be powered by a modern electric motor until the original clockwork mechanism is reinstated .
All the other bells which chime every 15 minutes will be silent as well during the works that are due to be completed in 2021 when Big Bell 's familiar tolls will begin again .
( Reporting by Kylie MacLellan ; editing by Michael Holden )
With all the weddings and baby news within the Duggar family lately , it can be hard to keep track of them all . But someone who 's been on Counting On fans ' radars lately is 28-year-old John-David Duggar , who still appears to live at home with their parents , Jim-Bob and Michelle Duggar . It should come as no surprise to Duggar fans that the ever-expanding family follows plenty of rules and traditions — one of them being when the kids can move out of the family 's home . But what 's interesting about the older Duggar son is that John-David Duggar actually has a house of their own , yet they still reside in their family 's Arkansas home .
For the average American , it might seem odd that John-David and their twin sister Jana still live with their parents at 28 years old . But , the Duggars do things differently . Although they are among the oldest Duggar children , they remain unmarried . As such , under Duggar family rules , it 's expected that they live at home until they tie the knot . But if that 's the case , and the fact that he 's still single , why exactly would John-David own a home now ?
Duggar matriarch , Michelle , once revealed in a blog for the TLC website that their son does indeed own a house . `` Our son John David has got a job and a home , '' they wrote in 2013 . `` He 's leasing that home out as rental income and putting the money aside . ''
It 's not clear from the post where the house is located , but it 's possible that it 's somewhere close to their family 's home in Tontitown , Arkansas , given that most of the Duggar siblings have stuck close to home after moving out .
Michelle added in the same post that , at the time , John-David was getting their pilot license and has held jobs as a firefighter and a police officer was working as a constable , though it 's not clear if he 's still doing that for work right now . Essentially , Michelle explained that he 's ready to settle down and will be prepared for that chapter of their life when it happens . They wrote :
So he 's definitely at that place in life where he 's ready to be a husband and a provider and they would be open to courting a young lady if they felt they would be the one for him .
So , it seems like John-David bought the home to prepare for their future , which is certainly admirable and will undoubtedly come in handy when the time is right . For the Duggars , buying a house is almost like manifesting your future .
Nothing 's been confirmed on the Duggar side of things , but there have been rumors that John-David has a special someone in their life , as In Touch Weekly reported . The Hollywood Gossip also reported that the 28-year-old has been seeing someone , but he 's kept it on the down-low . Of course , those are , again , just rumors . But what John-David has said on the matter of dating ( also known as `` courting '' in the world of Duggars ) , is that he 's essentially open to meeting someone and it seems like they hope it 'll happen soon .
TLC on YouTube
`` I do n't have anybody right now , but I am praying about it . One day , one day . Just keep watching , '' they said in an interview with TLC .
Because John-David is single , they are n't permitted to have social media — as another family rule dictates — which makes keeping up with them even more difficult . John-David 's younger siblings , Joy-Anna , Jill , Jessa , Jinger , Josh , and Josiah , are all married or engaged , and therefore have social media accounts of their own , so it 's much easier for fans to keep tabs on them .
But perhaps now that John-David is open to love and potentially already seeing someone special , he 'll soon get a social media account and be able to update fans directly with what 's going on in their life — and if he 's ever going to move into that house of his .
Check out Romper 's new video series , Bearing The Motherload , where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support ( and not judge ) each other 's parenting perspectives . New episodes air Mondays on Facebook .
© 2001–2017 SBC . All rights reserved unless stated otherwise .
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation , Ltd .
- Advertisement -
The Zimbabwe government is reportedly set to acquire at least 15 planes as part of efforts to resuscitate the country 's struggling national airline , Air Zimbabwe .
According to state owned Herald newspaper , the planes were set to be purchased from Malaysia .
The report quoted Transport and Infrastructure Minister Joram Gumbo as saying that the new planes were going to be bought through a public-private partnership .
Said Gumbo : “ The Civil Aviation Authority is on the verge of acquiring 15 new air planes from Malaysia under a lease agreement . The deal was penned between government and a private company DIDG , a consortium of business partners from the diaspora . ”
- Advertisement -
Gumbo said that the agreement would be renewed every five years .
Air Zimbabwe was reeling under a $ 330m debt and its balance sheet was in a bad state , the report said .
Gumbo admitted last month that the national airline was running “ noisy aircraft ' and that it was “ ailing ” .
The minister said at the time that Air Zimbabwe was “ not doing very well ” .
In May reports said that the airline and several other airlines were barred from flying to Europe over safety concerns .
- Advertisement -
The trial opened on Monday of an Uzbek citizen who confessed to killing 39 mainly foreign victims at an Istanbul nightclub in a New Year gun attack claimed by the Islamic State extremist group .
Abdulkadir Masharipov , 34 at the time of the attack , went on trial at the Silivri prison complex outside the centre of Istanbul along with 56 other suspects .
Masharipov , who was present in court for the first hearing , faces 40 life sentences , one for each of the victims and the massacre itself .
The others on trial include Masharipov 's wife Zarina Nurullayeva who is a suspected accomplice and risks similar penalties to their husband . All but six are being held in custody .
Masharipov was captured alive in a massive police operation and analysts say their evidence in confessions have helped Turkish authorities break up the elaborate network of jihadist cells in the city .
They are facing charges ranging from “ attempting to destroy constitutional order ” , “ membership of an armed terrorist organisation ” , to “ murdering more than one person ” .
The initial court hearing was closed to the press but sketches showed Masharipov seated between two members of the Turkish gendarmerie .
– ‘ Russian extremist gave orders ' –
Samia Maktouf , a lawyer representing a French victim and their Tunisian husband who were killed in the attack , said it was vital that all the circumstances were made clear .
“ It is important and legitimate that the families know the true circumstances , ” the lawyer told AFP . “ It 's extremely important that the tentacles of this international network are dismantled . ”
The lawyer confirmed that two French citizens were among the 57 accused .
After taking a taxi to the elite waterside Reina nightclub on the shores of the Bosphorus , Masharipov shot dead the security guard before marching inside and firing indiscriminately with their AK-47 at the terrified revellers and setting off grenades .
With survivors even jumping into the Bosphorus in panic , Masharipov slipped away from the scene as they merged into the crowds , triggering fears they could strike again .
The IS extremist group , which at the time controlled swathes of Turkey 's neighbours Iraq and Syria , later claimed the attack . It remains the only time it has issued an unequivocal claim for an attack in Turkey .
- Advertisement -
However , after a 17-day manhunt that involved 2,000 police who watched 7,200 hours of video footage , the Turkish authorities detained Masharipov in the residential Istanbul neighbourhood of Esenyurt .
According to the indictment , the order for the Afghanistan-trained Masharipov to carry out the attack was given by a senior Russian Syria-based IS extremist named Islam Atabiev , codenamed Abu Jihad .
Of the 39 killed in the Reina attack , 27 were foreigners including citizens from Lebanon , Saudi Arabia , Israel , Iraq and Morocco who had gone to the club to celebrate New Year . Seventy-nine people were wounded .
– Uzbeks implicated in attacks –
Masharipov , who used the IS codename Abu Mohammed Horasani , was just one of several nationals of the ex-Soviet state of Uzbekistan implicated in jihadist attacks this year .
An Uzbek man in October used a truck to mow people down on a New York street , ultimately killing eight according to terror charges . An Uzbek national was arrested after a truck attack in Stockholm in April that killed four people .
The overwhelmingly Muslim Central Asian state was ruled since independence under the tight secular regime of Islam Karimov who clamped down on Islamist dissent and died in September 2016 .
The majority of the other suspects on trial are also foreigners , including Uighur Chinese and other nationals of Central Asian states .
Turkey was in 2016 battered by repeated attacks by jihadist and Kurdish extremists . However , there has been no further large-scale attack comparable to the Reina atrocity since .
Istanbul and Ankara remain under the tightest security and the authorities repeatedly claim that major plots have been foiled and hundreds of jihadist suspects detained .
Badly damaged in the attack , the Reina nightclub , once the haunt of Istanbul football stars and soap opera icons , was demolished in May on the grounds it had violated local construction legislation .
Turkey under President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan had been accused by its Western allies of not doing enough to halt the rise of IS .
But the charges are denied by the Turkish authorities , who note the group has been listed as a terror organisation in the country since 2013 .
BRUSSELS : The European Union should expect as many migrants crossing from Libya this year as last , when a record number disembarked in Italy , the head of the bloc 's border agency said on Wednesday .
Some 1.6 million refugees and migrants reached the bloc by crossing the Mediterranean in 2014-2016 and the main route now leads from the shores of the lawless Libya to Italy .
`` There was an increase by 17 percent last year so we had approximately 181,000 irregular border crossings coming from Libya ... We have to be ready to face the same number , '' Fabrice Leggeri , the head of the EU 's border agency Frontex told reporters .
`` In 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , we had more than 150,000 thousand irregular migrants coming from Libya , they said , using the term favoured by the EU to mean those entering illegally .
The bloc , overwhelmed by the arrivals and waging bitter internal battles on how to share the burden , has increased its efforts to cut the number of people who use smugglers ' boats to make the perilous voyage .
This includes support for the U.N.-backed Libyan government in Tripoli , efforts to boost deportations of people with no case for asylum , and working with African states along the migration trails to ensure they let fewer people pass .
But these would only bear fruit in the medium- to long-term , Leggeri said , adding that for now the EU had to ensure Italy has enough support and capacity to handle high arrivals .
`` I hope 2017 will see the start of a shift , a positive impact of alternative measures ... But these are measures that need time , '' they said .
The EU says some 70 percent of people coming via Libya from the impoverished Africa are not fleeing violent conflicts or oppressive regimes and hence are unlikely to win asylum . They are qualified as economic migrants and the EU wants to deport them .
Frontex said the whole bloc deported some 176,000 people last year , roughly in line with 2015 . But a majority of these returns are actually of nationals from the non-EU states in the Western Balkans .
The more complicated deportations to the Middle East are often held up by asylum procedures , which must ensure the right to appeal .
That is the case for Syrians and other potential refugees who arrived in masses to Greece from Turkey in 2015 , an influx that has now largely stopped after Brussels sealed a deal with Turkey under which Ankara prevents them from leaving its shores .
While confirmed refugees should not be sent back , for the African migrants the obstacles delaying larger-scale deportations include problems with identification and obtaining travel documents , as well as the reluctance of some African governments to take back their people .
The EU has been increasingly working on that with Nigeria , Senegal , Mali , Niger and Ethiopia .
( Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
The Senate on Wednesday confirmed Sen. Jeff Sessions to be attorney general in the Trump administration despite fierce Democratic opposition to the Alabama Republican over their record on civil rights and immigration .
The 52-47 nearly party-line vote capped weeks of divisive battles over Sessions , an early supporter of President Donald Trump and one of the Senate 's most conservative lawmakers .
Democrats laced into Sessions , casting them as too cozy with Trump and too harsh on immigrants . They asserted they would n't do enough to protect voting rights of minorities , protections for gays and the legal right of women to obtain an abortion . They fear immigrants in the country illegally wo n't receive due process with Session as the top law enforcement officer .
“ Any attorney general must be able to stand firm for the rule of law even against the powerful executive that nominated them or them In this administration I believe that independence is even more necessary , ” said Sen. Tim Kaine , D-Va. “ His ( Sessions ' ) record raises doubts about whether they can be a champion for those who need this office most and it also raises doubts about whether they can curb unlawful overreach ” by Trump .
Confirmation was expected on Wednesday in spite of Senate Democrats ' opposition to their colleague .
CBS News
Republicans say Sessions has demonstrated over a long career in public service -- and two decades in the Senate -- that they possess integrity , honesty and is committed to justice .
“ He 's honest . He 's fair . He 's been a friend to many of us , on both sides of the aisle , ” Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Ky. , said . “ It 's been tough to watch all this good man has been put through in recent weeks . This is a well-qualified colleague with a deep reverence for the law . They believe strongly in the equal application of it to everyone . ”
Sessions won unanimous backing from Senate Republicans but picked up the support of just one Democrat , Joe Manchin of West Virginia .
Alabama Gov . Robert Bentley is expected to name a replacement for sessions as early as Thursday . Bentley has named six finalists for the Senate appointment , including state Attorney General Luther Strange and GOP Rep. Robert Aderholt .
Strange is considered a leading candidate for the job since Bentley interviewed potential replacements for state attorney general , according to people close to the process . However , Bentley 's office has said they have not made a decision .
Wednesday 's vote came amid rising tension between Republicans controlling the chamber over delaying tactics by minority Democratic that have left fewer of Trump 's picks in place than President Barack Obama had eight years ago . Democrats no longer have filibuster power over Cabinet picks , however , after changing Senate rules when they controlled the chamber in 2013 .
Next up for the Senate is Rep. Tom Price , R-Ga. , Trump 's pick for health secretary . A final vote on Price could come late Thursday and success seemed certain .
Democrats have solidly opposed Price , a staunch advocate of repealing Obama 's health care overhaul and reshaping and scaling back the Medicare and Medicaid programs that provide health care to older and low-income people .
But they 've mostly accused Price , a wealthy former orthopedic surgeon , of conflicts of interest by acquiring stocks in health care companies and pushing legislation that could help those firms .
They 've especially targeted their acquisition of shares in Innate Immunotherapeutics , an Australian biotech firm that 's said Price got a special insider 's deal . Price , who has said they learned of the opportunity from a fellow lawmaker , Rep. Chris Collins , R-N.Y. , had testified to Congress that the shares were available to all investors .
“ If I were a prosecutor , I 'd say this case has real potential , ” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , D-N.Y. , said Wednesday .
This week has featured overnight , round-the-clock Senate sessions as GOP leaders are grinding through a thicket of controversial picks .
Epitomizing the sharp-edged partisanship surrounding confirmation of Trump 's Cabinet nominees , Sen. Elizabeth Warren was given a rare rebuke Tuesday evening for quoting Coretta Scott King , widow of the late civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. , in their 1986 criticism of Sessions . Republicans invoked an arcane rule to silence Warren .
Warren 's transgression was reading aloud from a 1986 letter Coretta Scott King wrote about Sessions . Republican leaders accused Warren of impugning a fellow senator .
“ She was warned . They were given an explanation . Nevertheless they persisted , ” top Senate Republican Mitch McConnell said .
Quoting King technically put Warren in violation of Senate rules for “ impugning the motives ” of Sessions , though senators have said far worse stuff . And Warren was reading from a letter that was written 10 years before Sessions was even elected to the Senate .
Still , McConnell invoked the rules . After a few parliamentary moves , the GOP-controlled Senate voted to back them up .
On Wednesday , defiant Democrats took turns reading the letter themselves , with no repercussions .
King wrote that as an acting federal prosecutor in Alabama , Sessions used their power to “ chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens . ”
Sessions ' nomination to a federal judgeship was rejected three decades ago by the Senate Judiciary Committee after it was alleged that as a federal prosecutor they had called a black attorney “ boy ” and had said organizations like the NAACP and the American Civil Liberties Union were un-American .
At their hearing last month , Sessions said they had never harbored racial animus , saying they had been falsely caricatured .
BOGOTA : A former Colombian member of congress detained on accusations they received millions in bribes from Brazilian engineering firm Odebrecht SA denied on Tuesday that a US $ 1 million ( £803,140 ) portion of the money was given to President Juan Manuel Santos ' 2014 campaign .
Attorney General Nestor Humberto Martinez said last week that part of US $ 4.6 million allegedly paid to ex-Liberal Party Senator Otto Bula Bula by Odebrecht was sent to Santos ' campaign management .
Martinez later said their office had only the testimony of Bula , who was arrested last month on charges of bribery and illicit enrichment , to substantiate the allegations .
But Bula said via a hand-written letter released by the electoral commission , which is investigating the allegations , that they had not given money to the campaign .
`` It is not true , it is not a fact , I have not said that the money I turned over ... was a contribution to the Santos presidential campaign , '' the letter said .
Bula 's testimony will likely end the commission 's investigation into the campaign , which secured a second four-year term for Santos , judicial sources said .
The campaign of Santos ' right-wing rival Oscar Ivan Zuluaga is also under investigation by the commission for allegedly receiving US $ 2 million from Odebrecht . Zuluaga was the candidate of the Democratic Center opposition party .
Parties may be disbanded and prevented from backing candidates if a campaign is found guilty of electoral violations .
Odebrecht pleaded guilty in U.S. court and agreed to pay a US $ 3.5 billion penalty for paying hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes in association with projects in 12 countries , including Brazil , Argentina , Colombia , Mexico and Venezuela .
Bula is accused of working to ensure higher-priced tolls on a highway project on behalf of Odebrecht in exchange for bribes .
Gabriel Garcia Morales , a former vice minister of transport , has also been arrested for allegedly receiving US $ 6.5 million in bribes from Odebrecht in 2009 .
( Reporting by Luis Jaime Acosta ; Writing by Julia Symmes Cobb ; Editing by Helen Murphy and Lisa Shumaker )
The Association of Resident Doctors in Yobe State , on Wednesday issued a 21-day ultimatum to the state government , to address some issues they raised or they would embark on industrial action .
Ali Mohammed , chairperson of the association , stated this in a press conference in Damaturu .
They said the doctors at a congress meeting noted with dismay the reduction in their salaries for the month of May , at a time when the government approved 100 per cent CONHESS salary structure for medical workers .
The doctors demanded full implementation of allowances and automatic promotion of all the doctors .
They also demanded for an upward review of residency package and deployment of more doctors to medical facilities in the state .
The doctors are also seeking for the commencement of Housemanship and Residency in government hospitals and the deployment of more facilities to the emergency unit .
ZURICH : Activist investors seeking to block specialty chemical maker Clariant 's US $ 20 billion merger with Huntsman Corp own `` significantly more '' than 15 percent of Clariant shares and want to increase their stake , they told a Swiss newspaper .
`` We already own more than 15 percent and we 're not done buying , '' White Tale investors David Millstone and David Winter told Finanz und Wirtschaft in a joint interview released on Friday .
The next disclosure threshold would be 20 percent . They had previously reported a stake of just over 15 percent .
Calling themselves `` long-term oriented investors '' who are `` here to stay '' , Millstone and Winter reiterated their opposition to the planned merger that would give Clariant 52 percent of the combined entity should shareholders approve .
`` We want Clariant to become a better and stronger company , and we do n't see that happening with Huntsman . ''
The proposed deal , they said , significantly undervalued Clariant and overvalued Huntsman .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Swiss chemical manufacturer should instead sell its plastics and coatings business , they said , and reinvest the proceeds into acquisitions within the higher-margin specialty chemicals businesses .
( Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi ; Editing by Michael Shields )
By Megan Hopps
SUN PRESS Newspapers
One of the things that makes the northern suburbs of Champlin and Dayton great places to live are the people .
There are many people living in Champlin and Dayton who find ways to make the community a better place or who are simply downright fascinating . In 2016 , we had the opportunity to feature a few fascinating folks in the The Press .
Here 's a look back at five of the people whose stories we got to know and shared with you this year :
Rose McKinney
This year , the Anoka-Hennepin School District hosted a three part series designed to inform parents about drug abuse and prevention . Spearheading the series was Champlin Park mother of three Rose McKinney . They pitched the idea of a district-wide event where parents could share stories , ask questions , learn from professionals and share resources about drug use , abuse and prevention .
After speaking with several professionals that were willing to participate , the first seminar was scheduled for Jan. 21 . There , McKinney shared their story of how they found out their son was using . Rose McKinney
“ Shortly after my son just barely graduated from high school , then postponed going to college , and finally started college a semester later , I knew we were at a turning point , ” McKinney began . “ Which way it was going to turn , well , we had hope but with hindsight knew better . They were using drugs . It was more than recreational . It was more than pot although they vehemently claimed that 's all it was . Within a week of being at college , in sub-zero temperatures , they passed out in the snow and was sent via ambulance to the emergency room and then to detox . They lost their spot on the men 's varsity tennis team – a coveted spot – and within a few weeks , they also lost their housing contract for drug use in the dorms . ”
But it was n't always this way , they said . Before the drugs , their son was thriving .
“ He had good grades and off the chart test scores , ” they said . “ He was the captain of sports teams , they were active and involved . I do n't know exactly what tipped the kid over but something happened . ”
McKinney began to notice changes in their son — how they acted , how they looked , who they were hanging out with .
“ When you 're worried about your kid , it consumes you , ” they said . “ When you 're not exactly sure what 's going on , it becomes an investigation . ”
And investigate they did . After months of suspicion and conversations with coaches , teachers , professionals and friends , they found drier sheets and tin foil in their backpack . Then they knew .
MicKinney helped several parents identify the signs of drug use and point them to professionals so they could seek counsel for their teen . It is for that reason that McKinney is one of 2016 's fascinating folks .
Missy Rogers
Missy Rogers is another one of our top five fascinating folks of 2016 . Throughout the year , Rogers has donated several food , clothing and toiletry items to homeless people in the area . They also organized a coat drive for those in need and showed their support for Champlin officers after the Jamar Clark ruling .
Rogers is well known throughout the community for their giving spirit . In July of this year , Rogers set up a table outside the Champlin Police Department to collect donations from residents to purchase pies for the officers .
“ I 'm not for or against anyone , ” Rogers said . “ I just wanted to do something positive and happy. ” Missy Rogers
On July 5 , Baton Rouge Police responded to a call of an armed man outside a local convenience store . That man was 37-year-old Alton Sterling ; they were later shot and killed by police . On July 6 , 32-year-old Philando Castile of St. Paul , was stopped for a tail light violation in Falcon Heights . During their interaction with a police officer , they were shot repeatedly and killed . Later in the week , military veteran Micah Xavier Johnson , 25 , killed five officers and injured seven others after they opened fire in Dallas , Texas . Officials called it the “ deadliest attack on law enforcement in the U.S. since the 9/11 attacks . ”
After these incidents , thousands took to social media raising discussions about police brutality , responsible parenting , racial profiling and racism , PTSD , gun laws and respecting authority .
Because of those tragic events , Rogers was moved to do something in hopes of lifting officer 's spirits . So they headed to Target and picked up some paper , pens and crayons . They set up a table outside the Champlin Police Station for people to leave donations , write notes and draw pictures for local officers .
“ She spent the entire day out there meeting with people , ” said Champlin Deputy Chief of Police Ty Schmidt . “ People left such kind letters . ”
Rogers set up the table around 10 a.m. and did n't leave until nearly 6 p.m. that evening . They said they were so inspired by those they talked to . People dropped off money , giftcards , notes and flowers . By the end of the day Rogers had raised nearly $ 250 for local law enforcement so they headed out to buy some pies and dropped them off at the station for the officers that evening .
“ I support everyone — it 's about love , ” Rogers said . “ I do n't see color ; I never have . If I can make this world a better place , I 'm going to do everything I can to make that happen . It 's about love — just love people . ”
Rogers giving spirit is what makes them one of the most inspirational folks of 2016 .
Marilynn Corcoran
Former Dayton Mayor Marilynn Corcoran died earlier this year after fighting a persistent , deteriorating medical condition . They are survived by their husband of 55 years Jack , their three children Julie , Mike and Bill and their 11 grandchildren .
“ Mom worked as a day care provider during our elementary years extending their warmth to other families , ” said son Mike . “ The kids and families they cared for during the day became an extension of our own family . ”
Marilynn Corcoran
As their children grew , Corcoran knew they wanted to continue their involvement in the neighborhood so they ran for Dayton City Council and later , was elected to the mayor 's seat in 1985 . While on the council , they represented the city at the Elm Creek Watershed District , Northwest Human Services , the Landfill Task Force , the Dayton Senior Center , the Citizen 's Coalition Against Landfills and much more . They secured funds to revitalize Dayton 's historic village , to purchase furniture and provide services at the Dayton Senior Center and wrote the first editions of Dayton 's quarterly newsletter , The Dayton Communicator , which still exists today . Corcoran and the council that served with them voted to build a new city hall and fire station ; both are still used today . Additionally , they spearheaded the city 's first recycling program and emphasized the importance of preserving the planet .
After their time as mayor , Corcoran was elected to the Three Rivers Park Board ( at the time called Hennepin Parks ) and served the communities of Champlin , Dayton , Maple Grove and Osseo for 17 years — one of the longest terms served by a Three Rivers Parks Commissioner . They oversaw the creation of the Coon Rapids Dam and other monumental projects . They also served as the Recycling Coordinator for Brooklyn Park and assisted the city with its curb-side and single-sort recycling programs . During their time with the city of Brooklyn Park they were known as the “ Garbage Lady ” and they created a character named “ Spud McTator ” who remains the mascot for the city of Brooklyn Park today .
“ Her selfless approach to life was carried forward into everything they touched , including their public service as a city official , ” Mike said . “ Her hard work and dedication continues to give to thousands of people , daily , in so many ways. ” When Corcoran retired they became involved in the Little Rock Lake Association where they worked to improve the water quality in Little Rock Lake ( Rice County ) and the Mississippi River . They and their husband enjoyed most of their summer weekends boating on the lake and sharing laughs with friends on the deck . Mike said their grandchildren were their whole world .
“ With all that they accomplished , the thing they were most proud of was us — their family , ” they said . “ Everyone and everything that mom touched became better . They blessed everything they touched for 76 years . ”
With all the ways that Corcoran became involved the city and the surrounding area they earn a spot in our top five fascinating folks .
ArMand Nelson
Mayor ArMand Nelson has long served the city of Champlin . Before serving as the city 's mayor for four years , they served as Ward 4 City Councilor and chaired several commissions .
When they and their wife , Pam , moved to Champlin Nelson knew they wanted to get involved in the community . Among their volunteer work at through the church , they first began their civic duties on the Community Education Advisory Board . Later , they chaired the city 's Public Safety Park and Recreation Commissions . They also worked on Champlin 's parks master plan that is still used today . ArMand Nelson
“ Those were the guiding plans that the current parks and recreation commission uses in their decision making , ” Nelson said .
Nelson said some of the greatest projects they had a hand in was the creation of additional senior housing in the city , business and residential growth and the opening of the new Elm Creek Dam . They said some of the toughest issues they and the council grappled with were the stop sign on West River Road and the street lighting policy .
“ We spent lots of time working on the policy , ” they said . “ I think it 's fair and we 're somewhat flexible with it , but I think that one was a big deal . ”
The stop sign on West River Road was part of the city 's parks master plan , but it was not popular with the residents .
“ Ultimately it was a 3-2 vote to remove it , ” they said . “ But that was in the long range plan of the parks and that 's actually an area we had planned for a crosswalk . ”
Nelson said one of the fun , but challenging pieces of serving on the council is balancing knowledge , budget and the residents wants .
“ It 's been a great honor serving the city of Champlin , ” Nelson said . “ This is a great city , we have a great council , a great staff and the residents are great to work with . Our commissions provide a lot of input and recommendations to the council and I have to thank them for that . They play a vital role in the community that we serve . I look forward to watching our future councils . My hope is that they will work together and respect the differences that they have . Thank you . ”
It is because of their many years serving the city that Nelson nabs a spot in our 2016 fascinating folks year in review .
Sheree Mickelson
Last , and certainly not least is Dayton resident Sheree Mickelson . Mickelson is the founder of the Dayton Warm Heart Club , a community group that meets once per month to make tie blankets for those in need . This year , Mickelson and the Warm Hearts Club donated fleece tie blankets to the residents of the Homestead of Anoka , an independent senior living facility . Sheree Mickelson
The Dayton Lions even got involved and made a donation to the Warm Hearts Club of $ 2,000 so the club could make fleece tie blankets for those in need . The Lions purchased 492 yards of fleece , enough to cover nearly five football fields ! They were able to do this by taking advantage of the 70 percent off fabric sale at JoAnn Fabrics in Coon Rapids .
Mickelson even made tie blankets for those that had a hand in volunteering at city events like Dayton Heritage Day , the city 's first farmer 's market and the Thanksgiving dinner at the Dayton Activity Center .
Mickelson 's husband Jason , who happens to be Dayton 's Fire Chief , joked that their spare bedroom was full of fleece .
In December the Dayton Fire Department coordinated with the Dayton Warm Hearts Club to donate toys to the CROSS Holiday Toy Drive this year . Donations were dropped off at Lord of Life Lutheran Church in Maple Grove . The CROSS Holiday Toy Drive benefits local families that ca n't afford to buy Christmas gifts for their children . CROSS serves the communities of Dayton , Rogers , Maple Grove , Osseo , Corcoran and west Champlin .
Because of all the ways Mickelson gives back to the Dayton community , they earn a top spot in our 2016 fascinating folks .
Contact Megan Hopps at [ email protected ]
REUTERS : Borussia Dortmund face an uphill task to overturn a 3-2 deficit against French rivals Monaco and keep their minds on football after the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final was marred by an attack on the German team 's bus .
Three explosions rocked the Borussia coach on its way to the stadium last Tuesday and left the team 's Spanish defender Marc Bartra with a fractured arm .
With the fixture rescheduled for the day after , a shaken Borussia looked all at sea against Monaco and their coach Thomas Tuchel acknowledged their side had been ill-prepared to play so soon after the attack .
However , Borussia bounced back with a 3-1 Bundesliga win over Eintracht Frankfurt on Saturday ahead of Wednesday 's visit to treble-chasing Monaco , who are top of the French league and through to the Cup semi-finals .
`` My players have shown an incredible character , already on Wednesday ( against Monaco ) and again ( on Saturday ) , '' Tuchel said after the Eintracht win .
`` I think it 's easier for the players to take their mind off things when they are on the pitch .
`` We had a wonderful interaction with our fans whose instinct for such situations is probably second to none . ''
A packed Westfalenstadion , albeit under a visibly heightened police presence , gave the players a rousing reception before the kick-off and Borussia produced a promising performance ahead of the return leg against high-scoring Monaco .
Having eliminated Manchester City in the previous round on away goals after a 3-1 home win cancelled out a 5-3 first-leg defeat , Monaco will be confident of finishing the job against Borussia on their own turf .
The French side is also in the driving seat in Ligue 1 , three points ahead of champions Paris St Germain with six games left , having scored 90 goals in 32 games .
They also meet PSG in a mouth-watering Cup semi-final on April 26 but the first thing on their minds will surely be to try to emulate their 2004 Champions League achievement , when they reached the final and lost 3-0 to Porto .
Monaco 's Polish defender Kamil Glik stressed the back four would have to be wary of a similarly prolific Dortmund side likely to throw caution to the wind .
`` For us defenders , evolving in a team that attacks so much demands a lot of work and attention , '' Glik told the club 's website ( www.asmonaco.com ) .
`` The Champions League demands the utmost vigilance because you 're up against the best players . But we have to defend as a team as it 's a collective job . ''
( Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic ; Editing by Ed Osmond )
SYDNEY : Power hitters Chris Lynn and Glenn Maxwell propelled Australia to a convincing seven-wicket victory over New Zealand in the first tri-series Twenty20 match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) .
Lynn ( 44 runs from 33 balls ) and Maxwell ( 40 not out from 24 balls ) shared in a scorching 77-run stand from just 53 balls to steer Australia to the rain-reduced total of 95 from 15 overs with 21 balls to spare .
Despite a top-order wobble , in which captain David Warner and the debutant D'Arcy Short fell inside the first three overs , the belligerent power of Lynn and Maxwell swamped the Kiwi bowling attack .
Australia 's victory was earlier set up by towering paceman Billy Stanlake whose fierce pace justified Warner 's decision to bowl first after winning the toss , as they wrecked New Zealand 's top order with three wickets in the space of their first eight balls .
Stanlake startled Colin Munro with their high bounce for debutant wicketkeeper Alex Carey to race out to point to complete the catch .
Martin Guptill was then flummoxed next ball by a perfect-length seamer that flicked the top of off stump .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Stanlake narrowly missed their hat-trick as Tom Bruce clipped an attempted yorker through the leg side for three .
Andrew Tye claimed four wickets as Australia restricted New Zealand to a below-par 117 for nine off their 20 overs .
Tye mopped up the Kiwi tail to finish with four wickets for 23 , while towering paceman Stanlake claimed three wickets inside the powerplay to dismantle the Kiwis ' top order .
Australia had New Zealand at 60 for five before Colin de Grandhomme hit an unbeaten 38 from 24 balls with three sixes and a four .
De Grandhomme launched two massive sixes off leg-spinner Adam Zampa with the Black Caps managing just four sixes in the entire innings .
Stanlake underlined why they are one of the hottest prospects in the country and has been locked up on a Cricket Australia central contract .
Tye 's first wicket owed much to Warner 's catch , running backwards to make the grab and remove Kiwi captain Kane Williamson for eight from 21 balls .
Australia play England in the second match of the tri-series in Hobart on Wednesday .
SEOUL : South Korea coach Uli Stielike was sacked on Thursday , two days after a 3-2 loss to Qatar put the country 's hopes of automatic qualification for next year 's World Cup finals in jeopardy .
The 62-year-old former Germany midfielder , who took over on a four-year contract in 2014 , had been under pressure after two defeats in four qualifiers going into Tuesday 's match .
The Korean Football Association ( KFA ) confirmed the decision after a technical committee meeting in Paju , bringing an end to a reign that started on a high but ended with qualification for a ninth successive World Cup far from certain .
KFA technical director Lee Yong-soo also stood down on Thursday .
The loss in Doha leaves the Red Devils just one point ahead of Uzbekistan in second place in Group A of Asian qualifying with two matches remaining . The top two get tickets to Russia .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Third place would offer a passage to the World Cup via a playoff against the team in the same position in the other Asian group with another home-and-away tie against a CONCACAF team to follow .
South Korea host already-qualified Iran in their penultimate qualifier in late August before a trip to Uzbekistan in the final round of matches in early September .
The KFA have not decided yet who will take over as coach for the final two qualifiers .
South Korea have played at the last eight World Cup finals , reaching the semi-finals on home soil in 2002 , but they returned home from Brazil in 2014 without a win .
Stielike was brought in and restored some pride when they led the side at the 2015 Asian Cup , where their team reached the final without conceding a goal before losing to host Australia .
That was the only loss in 2015 for the South Koreans and they cruised through the second round of Asian qualifying with eight wins from eight matches .
A 6-1 friendly thrashing at the hands of Spain in June 2016 was a sign that the once all but impenetrable defence was developing cracks , however .
A 0-0 draw with Syria in September that year followed by a 1-0 defeat to Iran in Tehran made for a disappointing start to the third round of Asian World Cup qualifying and a stunning 1-0 loss to China earlier this year compounded it .
( Writing by Nick Mulvenney , editing by Ian Ransom )
The Nigerian Army says it has recovered one AK47 assault rifle and uniforms belonging to DSP Mohammed Alkali and their police orderly allegedly beheaded by cultists .
The police officers were killed by suspected cultists at Omoku , Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area of Rivers during the Dec. 10 re-run legislative elections .
Maj.-Gen. Kasimu Abdulkarim , the General Officer Commanding ( GOC ) , 6 Division , Port Harcourt , disclosed this to newsmen in Port Harcourt on Sunday .
Abdulkarim said that troops from the Division recovered the items during a raid on four militant camps and cultist 's hideouts in Ujju community near Omoku .
According to him , troops also recovered assorted types of arms and ammunitions stashed away by bandits in the area .
“ Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area has over time witnessed criminal acts ranging from attacks on critical national infrastructure and brutal murder which affected economic activities of oil companies and citizens .
“ The barbaric nature and manner of criminalities led the 6 Division to conduct a raid on December 31 on four suspected criminal camps located across the River , in Ujju community .
“ In the raid , 6 Division troops in conjunction with Operation Delta Safe Special Boats Service and air component , engaged the suspected criminals in exchange of gunfire .
“ Troops later arrested some suspects and recovered several weapons , ammunitions and uniforms , including uniforms and rifle belonging DSP Mohammed Alkali and their orderly , Sgt . Urukwu Nwachukwu .
“ Our forces also recovered one AK47 rifle , two G3 rifles , five Double Barrel guns , two pistols , 31 empty AK47 magazines , 242 rounds of 7.62mm NATO ammunition .
“ Others are , 322 rounds of other ammunition calibres , bulletproof jackets , seven other police uniforms , 31 handsets , Automated Teller Machine Cards ( ATM ) and a First Aid box , ” they said .
Abdulkarim said the clean-up operation was in continuation of efforts by the Division to recover weapons from cultists and militants who refused to embrace Amnesty offered by Rivers ' government .
They said that in spite of the just concluded amnesty programme offered by government , armed groups had continued to terrorise residents in Omoku town .
The GOC said that 15 persons including a soldier , four Civil Defence Corps personnel ; two police officers and eight civilians were brutally murdered while several others kidnapped in the area in December alone .
“ This trend of violence can not be left unchecked as the Division will sustain “ operation cleanup ” to enable oil companies and the people to go about their businesses in peaceful environment , ” they said .
Abdulkarim urged the public to provide security agencies with vital information that would lead to the arrest of cultists and militants and assured that their identities would be kept in confidence .
Matthew Lloyd Smith , 36
June 6 , 1981 – Dec. 28 , 2017
Rifle , Colo .
Matthew Lloyd Smith , born June 6 , 1981 in Aspen , Colo. , passed due to an auto accident , Dec. 28 , 2017 . They grew up on McCabe Ranch in Snowmass , Colo. , where they learned about ranching and polo . Matt was a dedicated rancher throughout their life .
Matthew graduated from Basalt High School in 1999 , then attended Northeastern Junior College , and earned an associate degree in production agriculture , 2001 . They were also a welder , certified in structural steel . Very proud of the work they did in Alaska in 2003 and 2005 as an AT & T Alascom installer and tower climber , they completed the work enjoying the challenges .
In 2004 , Matt attended the Colorado State University Farrier School , where they met their beloved wife , Lyndsay Jo . They married on Sept. 2 , 2006 , and they continued ranching as a couple . They also enjoyed their leather work , rawhide braiding , ranch ropings and was very proud of their bridle horses .
They are survived by their wife , Lyndsay Jo ( Hackman ) ; their parents , Donald and Lynette Smith ; grandmother , Carolyn Foley ; brother , Andrew ( Katie ) ; a niece and two nephews .
A memorial service was held at the Garfield County Fairgrounds Jan. 5 . The family is requesting donations be mailed to the Matt Smith Donation Account at the First Bank of Avon : P.O . Box 5270 , Avon , CO 81620 , in lieu of food and/or flowers .
That savings are not much considering that fliers who buy basic economy fares must still pay $ 25 to check a bag , they ca n't change flights or select their seats or upgrade to a roomier seat . On American and United , basic economy passengers ca n't even bring a carry-on bag unless it fits under the seat .
SINGAPORE : Amid `` unprecedented growth '' , Southeast Asia 's Internet economy is expected to hit US $ 50 billion ( S $ 67.55 billion ) this year , according to a study released by Google and Singapore-based investment company Temasek Holdings on Tuesday ( Dec 12 ) .
All sectors , including online travel , online media , e-commerce and ride hailing , have witnessed `` solid growth '' in 2017 .
With a compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 27 per cent , which outpaces initial 10-year projections of 20 per cent , the region is on a `` solid trajectory '' to exceed an initial prediction for the web economy to grow to about US $ 200 billion by 2025 , the joint research found .
Already the world 's fastest growing Internet region , Southeast Asia 's Internet user base is showing no signs of slowing down .
By the end of this year , there will be 330 million active internet users monthly - representing an addition of more than 70 million new users since 2015 .
Mobile has the `` absolute prominence '' as the access point and driver of the region 's Internet economy , the study added .
Advertisement
Advertisement
More than 90 per cent of Southeast Asia 's internet users are on smartphones . They spend an average of 3.6 hours per day on mobile internet , more than in any other region in the world .
E-COMMERCE , RIDE-HAILING SEE The FASTEST GROWTH
Across sectors , e-commerce and ride-hailing services have taken the lead with growth at over 40 per cent .
For the former , growth factors include a boom in consumer engagement and a surge in marketplaces , such as Lazada and Shopee , which provide small and medium businesses with readily accessible platforms to transact online and reach new consumers .
In 2017 , overall e-commerce sales in Southeast Asia are reaching US $ 10.9 billion , up from US $ 5.5 billion in 2015 , the study said .
Mr Rajan Anandan , vice president and managing director for Google Southeast Asia and India , said these encouraging consumer trends mean that current growth rates in the e-commerce sector are likely to continue .
`` Dramatic growth '' is also happening for the region 's ride-hailing services , which are expected to double their gross merchandise value ( GMV ) to US $ 5.1 billion in 2017 , compared to two years ago .
The research noted that more than 6 million rides per day were booked on top ride-hailing apps , such as Grab and Uber , in the third quarter of 2017 . That marks a more than four-fold increase since 2015 .
Ride-hailing players are also creating employment and income opportunities with the engagement of more than 2.5 million drivers across the region in the third quarter .
With these players expanding to food delivery , courier services and digital payments , they are well positioned to become Southeast Asia 's horizontal personal services leaders given the large and growing base of users and drivers on their platforms , the study said .
This dynamism in the e-commerce and ride hailing sectors in Southeast Asia has attracted significant investment activity .
More than US $ 12 billion of capital was raised by Southeast Asia 's Internet companies between 2016 and the third quarter of 2017 , up from just US $ 1 billion in 2015 .
The lion 's share of about US $ 9 billion went to the region 's unicorns , such as Indonesia 's ride-hailing firm Go-Jek , Grab , Lazada , Razer and Sea Ltd .
This means that access to capital remains a challenge for Southeast Asian start-ups and smaller ventures that are unable to raise funds beyond Series A or seed deals .
`` We need to see a few more success stories but as the Series A round companies continue to grow , they will be on the radars , '' said Mr Rohit Sipahimalani , joint head of portfolio strategy risk group at Temasek .
The shortage of homegrown tech talent also remains an area where continual focus and investments are needed in Southeast Asia .
In particular , the region lacks senior engineering and overall leadership talent that have the expertise to manage a hypergrowth environment , said Mr Sipahimalani .
New York : North Korea earned $ 200 million last year by exporting banned commodities in breach of international sanctions , according to a UN report .
The report by a panel of experts said many countries including China , Russia and Malaysia had failed to stop the illegal exports , the BBC reported .
Pyongyang is subject to sanctions from the US , UN and EU over its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes .
But the report , which was submitted to the UN Security Council , said the North `` continued to export almost all the commodities prohibited in the resolutions ... between January and September 2017 '' .
It said shipments of coal had been delivered to China , Malaysia , South Korea , Russia and Vietnam in breach of sanctions using `` a combination of multiple evasion techniques , routes and deceptive tactics '' .
China has consistently denied breaching sanctions .
Investigators highlighted that North Korea `` is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains , complicit foreign nationals , offshore company registries and the international banking system '' , the document stated .
Monitors also suggested that Pyongyang supplied weapons to Syria and Myanmar .
`` Myanmar and Syria continued to co-operate with North Korea 's main arms exporter , Komid , despite it being on a UN sanctions blacklist , '' the report said .
It said `` there was proof that Pyongyang was helping Syria to develop chemical weapons and providing ballistic missiles to Myanmar '' .
However , Syrian officials told the monitors that the only North Korean experts on its territory were involved in sports .
Myanmar 's Ambassador to the UN said the country had no arms relationship with North Korea .
Head coach of Edo Queens Football Club of Benin , Kenneth Aigbe , is confident that the Falconets will excel at the forthcoming 2018 Women U- 20 World Cup in France .
Speaking during a training session in Benin-City , the former player said they are very happy that some of the girls they groomed in Edo Queens are currently doing well in the Falconets , adding that Edo State has become a grooming ground for future female national team players .
They gave kudos to the state government , the governor , Godwin Obaseki and their deputy , Comrade Philip Shaibu , for their support .
“ Me and the members of Edo Queens technical crew are very proud of our girls that are currently in the national female team . Edo is a home of sports in Nigeria , when we see our products doing well in the national teams , we are always very happy , and it encourages me to do more . This Falconets team is a team to watch , they will pull a surprise at the World Cup in France . ”
“ We have resumed training for the new League season ; we are currently screening players because we want the best for our team this season . It is no longer business as usual ; we are in serious need of players that can give Edo State results . On my own part as a coach , I have invited many players for trials . We are building a team for the future , that is why I need good and experienced players for the new league season . I need to overhaul some department of my team , like the midfield . I also need a competent attacker that has speed , an attacker that has all it takes to terrorize the opponent 's defense . I have told those in camp now to seat up because we are not ready to keep lazy players in camp . For you to have Edo Queens 's jersey , you must be ready to prove yourself . ”
Local businesses and organizations joined with The Claxton Enterprise to wish Evans County 4-H a great National 4-H Week ! Read local 4-H'er 's essays about 4-H week and what 4-H means to them on Page 11 in this week 's edition of The Claxton Enterprise !
Comments
comments
Leicester City manager Claude Puel has hinted at the number 10 role for Kelechi Iheanacho .
The Nigeria international played in the position for the King Power Stadium outfit against Southampton in their last English Premier League outing before they were replaced in the second half .
The French tactician has previously tried Riyad Mahrez and Demarai Gray in the spot but they were returned to the natural positiions on the flanks .
However , with four games before the end of the season , the Foxes boss is hoping that both Shinji Okazaki and Iheanacho can have a run to lay claim to the position .
“ I think until the end of the season it will be an opportunity for different players to play and take some habits , perhaps to give a good solution , ” Puel told Leicester Mercury .
“ We know all the hard work from Okazaki , for example and , in the last game , Kele had good intensity and quality .
“ Yes , Kele is a young player they can have game time , they can improve and give a good option for the future .
“ We will see . We have different options and it is interesting to try . ”
The 21-year-old has scored five goals in 23 appearances this season , involving ten starts across all competitions .
They will be looking to be in the starting lineup when Leicester travel to Selhurst Park to keep a date with Crystal Palace on April 28 .
The Court of Arbitration for Sport said on Monday three more Russian athletes - champion biathlete Olga Zaytseva and cross country skiers Yulia Chekaleva and Anastasia Dotsenko - have appealed against doping bans levied by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
ZURICH : The Court of Arbitration for Sport said on Monday three more Russian athletes - champion biathlete Olga Zaytseva and cross country skiers Yulia Chekaleva and Anastasia Dotsenko - have appealed against doping bans levied by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
The appeals by Zaytseva , a two-time Olympic gold medalist , and the other two athletes add to those lodged last week by 22 Russian athletes who had been banned for life by the IOC for doping offences at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics .
( Reporting by John Miller ; Editing by Michael Shields )
Flexible workspace company Industrious has inked leases for two new locations in Southern California . One is in Century City , the second is in Irvine .
Industrious signed a lease for 40,000 square feet across two floors at 1925 Century Park East in Century City , part of landlord Watt Companies ' two-towered Watt Plaza office complex . Both locations are slated to open this summer .
“ Los Angeles has long attracted a diverse number of businesses and industries , which has lent to its continued growth and its reputation as an attractive area for both startups and mature-stage companies , ” Industrious co-Founder and CEO Jamie Hodari said in a statement to Commercial Observer . “ That 's the type of mix that Industrious looks to when determining the next area or region for its new locations. ” They added that the company is “ eager to build upon our footprint in the area . ”
While prospects for the FTSE 100 may be relatively positive at the present time , a number of shares could outperform it in the long run . Here are two prime examples which could be worth a closer look…
The performance of the FTSE 100 has been mixed in 2018 . It 's currently around 100 points down on its starting price , but has experienced a recent surge since a difficult first couple of months of the year . Still , the index is up by over 1,500 points in the last six years , which works out as an annualised return of almost 4 % , plus dividends .
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners . Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails . More information about how The Fool collects , stores , and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
The performance of the FTSE 100 has been mixed in 2018 . It 's currently around 100 points down on its starting price , but has experienced a recent surge since a difficult first couple of months of the year . Still , the index is up by over 1,500 points in the last six years , which works out as an annualised return of almost 4 % , plus dividends .
While prospects for the FTSE 100 may be relatively positive at the present time , a number of shares could outperform it in the long run . Here are two prime examples which could be worth a closer look due in part to their dividend growth potential .
Uncertain future
The outlook for the UK housing market is currently uncertain . Brexit has contributed to a decline in consumer confidence , while concerns surrounding affordability have naturally come to the fore after nearly two decades of house price rises . As such , the share price performance of FTSE 100 housebuilders such as Persimmon ( LSE : PSN ) has been volatile and generally disappointing .
However , the outlook for the company remains attractive . It 's forecast to post improving earnings figures in each of the next two financial years , while population growth is expected to be considerably higher than the volume of new homes being built in the UK . Alongside policies such as the help to buy scheme , this could mean demand remains well ahead of supply and that house prices continue their upward trajectory after a brief pause .
With Persimmon having a capital return plan in place , it currently yields around 7.8 % based on its payment schedule for the next three years . Since dividends are due to be covered around 1.4 times by profit in each of the next two years , it would be unsurprising to see a further increase in shareholder returns over the medium term .
Mixed performance
Also facing an uncertain outlook in the UK at the present time is specialist building products supplier SIG ( LSE : SHI ) . The company reported a relatively positive half-year trading update on Wednesday which showed that revenue growth was flat versus the comparable period , with a 3.1 % decline in UK sales offset by growth in mainland Europe .
Looking ahead , the company expects this situation to continue . It 's experiencing particular challenges in the commercial new build sector , as well as in the repair , maintenance and improvement segment . However , the business appears to be on track to deliver a significant improvement in its operational performance , with meaningful cost benefits due to be realised in the second half of the year .
With SIG yielding around 3 % at the present time from a dividend which is covered 2.6 times by profit , its dividend growth potential appears to be sound . That 's especially the case since its bottom line is forecast to grow by 17 % next year , with a price-to-earnings growth ( PEG ) ratio of 0.8 suggesting its shares are undervalued .
Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
REUTERS : Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
Activist investor Barington Capital has been pressuring the cosmetics company to search for a new chief executive , saying Avon 's shares have suffered under McCoy .
The company has been struggling for the past four years with changing consumer tastes and habits , raising concerns that its more than 130-year-old direct-selling model is outdated and unable to attract shoppers who want instant gratification .
Avon was not immediately available for comment .
McCoy , who took charge as CEO in 2012 , is near a decision to retire , and the terms of their departure are still being worked out but no final decision has been made , the report said . ( http : //on.wsj.com/2rwP6DT )
Advertisement
Advertisement
Despite Avon 's three-year turnaround plan announced in 2016 to cut US $ 350 million in costs , invest in technology and tap social media , the company reported a surprise first-quarter loss this May .
The company 's shares were up 3.14 percent at US $ 3.61 on Wednesday .
( Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru ; Editing by Arun Koyyur )
Beijing
China has denounced as disrespectful the latest US warning to Latin American countries about excessive reliance on economic ties with Beijing , saying economic partnership in the region is “ based on common interests and mutual needs . ”
Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying made the comments in a statement on Friday , responding to earlier remarks by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson who said Beijing was establishing “ a foothold in Latin America ” and “ using economic statecraft to pull the region into its orbit . ”
“ What the United States said is entirely against the truth and displayed disrespect to the vast number of Latin American countries , ” the statement said , adding that cooperation between China and Latin American countries was based on equality , reciprocity , openness and inclusiveness .
“ China is a major international buyer of Latin American bulk commodities , and imports more and more agricultural and high value-added products from the region , ” Hua said .
The official also stressed that their country 's investment in and financial cooperation with Latin American countries were in full accordance with commercial rules and local laws and regulations .
“ The development of China-Latin America ties does not target or reject any third party , nor does it affect the interests of third parties in Latin America , ” they said , expressing hope that relevant countries abandon the outdated concept of zero-sum game and look at the development of China-Latin America relations in an open and inclusive manner .
Why China is welcome in Latin America , not US ?
Unlike the US , China is welcome in Latin America , because it “ invests capital , is a good trading partner , respects countries ' sovereignty , ” Professor Dennis Etler says .
Tillerson 's remarks came this week ahead of their visit to the five Latin American countries of Mexico , Argentina , Peru , Colombia and Jamaica .
The top US diplomat pointed to China , the European Union and Russia and warned Latin American states that the region does not need another imperial power .
Tillerson also slammed Russian arms sales to certain governments in the region , accusing Moscow of helping what they called anti-democratic regimes .
The US is increasingly alarmed as the three major players are beginning to gain a foothold in Latin America , which used to be a major US backyard for decades.—Agencies
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
To people passing through Melbourn , it may look like someone is filming a new costume drama series for the telly , like Grantchester .
Villagers dressed in outfits from the early 1900s wander around from place to place , including shops , the library and the post office , staging scenes from James Joyce 's epic work , Ulysses .
It 's called Bloomsday , and the idea is to re-enact a day in the life of one of the novel 's characters , Leopold Bloom .
In the novel , set in Dublin in 1904 , Bloom 's peregrinations around the city and the people they meet are described in detail , mirroring on a more mundane scale the journey in Homer 's epic poem the Odyssey
A few years ago , a Bloomsday festival was held in Ireland , and the idea has since spread to other parts of the world .
Melbourn , in South Cambridgeshire , is believed to be the only village in the UK where it takes place . It was first held there two years ago , and is happening again this week , culminating on Friday ( June 16 ) . In the village pharmacy , Bloom will collect a prescription for their wife as in the novel , and in the library they will check the newspaper ads , before calling at the post office to leave their business card .
There will also be live music , at the United Reformed and All Saints ' churches .
Melbourn 's Bloomsday coordinator Hugh Pollock said : `` It 's more usually held in capital cities and major cultural centres around the world .
`` Participants are invited to wear full or partial clothing - around 1904 - of any kind , or simply 'Come As You Are ' . It starts early and finishes late , indoor and outdoor across Melbourn village . Many scenes from the novel are relocated into their Melbourn equivalent : the library , the Co-op , the butchers , the post office , the chemist .
`` Melbourn basks in the reflected glow of Cambridge and London in such cultural matters - but a few residents decided to raise the banner of plucky underdog Melbourn village , and all in support of an important international charity , WaterAid .
`` If this can be done in Melbourn village then every village can find inspiration to lift the spirit of their own community in support of a worthy charity . ''
Details of happenings are on the festival 's Facebook page .
click to enlarge Photo via James R. Martin / Shutterstock.com
Abandoned homes in Detroit are being torn down at a faster rate due to a Federal grant for demolition .
The Friday before New Year 's Eve , the Detroit Land Bank Authority released two subpoenas related to the ongoing federal corruption probe into the city 's demolition program , which is investigating why the cost of demolitions increased 60 percent during Mayor Mike Duggan 's administration.The timing here could be considered curious . The unsealing of the documents was originally scheduled for Jan. 12 after Wayne County Circuit Judge David Allen determined the investigation to be a public matter , according to the . But just before noon on the Friday before a holiday — two weeks before the scheduled unsealing — the Land Bank quietly posted the documents to its website The subpoenas were originally served to the Detroit Land Bank and the Detroit Building Authority in May 19 , 2016 by the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program , demanding emails , phone records , voice mails , text messages , and work calendars from 32 people.The subjects include Duggan 's group executive for operations David Manardo and former DBA deputy director James Wright . Both were handpicked by Duggan , their relationship with the mayor extending to Duggan 's time as CEO of the Detroit Medical Center . In April 2016 , Manardo was found by Detroit auditors to have a conflict of interest for essentially reporting to himself . Wright abruptly resigned in August 2016.More than $ 250 million from the federal Hardest Hit Fund has been allocated to Detroit 's demolition program , with the city demolishing more than 10,000 properties during Duggan 's administration . Under Mayor Dave Bing , demolitions cost $ 8,500- $ 10,000 per home . At one point under Duggan , costs surged to $ 16,400 per home.And there are echoes of the past in the ongoing probe . In a 1999 Detroit News story , Duggan , then-Wayne County deputy executive , was accused of bad management and cronyism as part of a $ 1.4 billion Detroit school renovation program.The subpoenas were posted following a lawsuit from local activist Robert Davis , who sued the Detroit Land Bank Authority after it denied their Freedom of Information Act request for the subpoena . `` I truly applaud the federal government for doing a far-reaching investigation of this administration , '' Davis told theNo one has yet been charged in the investigation .
* Georgetown Lions Club Carnival , May 31 – June 3 , Route 7 , Georgetown . Tickets $ 25 . Info : call 203-885-3508 .
Senior Prom , May 31 , 5-8 p.m. , Fairfield Bigelow Senior Center , 100 Mona Terrace , Fairfield . Adults 50 and up are invited to dance the night away in their semi-formal attire . Tickets $ 10 . Info : call 203-256-3166 .
Mary Taylor Fair , June 1-2 , Broad St. , Milford . Features artists , crafters , live music and plenty of food . Free . Info : call 203-874-1982 .
Annual JCC Golf And Tennis Outing , June 4 , 9 a.m. , Rockrimmon Country Club , 2949 Long Ridge Rd. , Stamford . The event benefits JumpStart at the Stamford Jewish Community Center . Tickets $ 150- $ 300 . Info : stamfordjcc .
Annual Catherine 's Butterfly Party , June 9 , 12-4 p.m. , 3 Primrose St. , Newtown . The Catherine Violet Hubbard Animal Sanctuary will hold their free community festival to celebrate their love for animals and pay tribute to Catherine Hubbard who died in the Sandy Hook shooting . The event features adoptable pets , family activities and music . Info : cvhfoundation.org .
Steel & Wheels Car Show , June 9 , Danbury Railway Museum , 120 White St. , Danbury . Features live music and a DJ , a model car display , food , ice cream , used model train , a book sale and more . Show proceeds benefit the Connecticut chapter of the Alzheimer 's Association . Tickets $ 12 . Info : danburyrailwaymuseum.org .
Annual Pirate 's Day , June 10 , 9 a.m. – 3 p.m. , Lisman Landing , 37 Helwig St. , Milford . Tickets $ 10 . Info : downtownmilfordct.com/piratesweekend .
Southern Connecticut Jewish Food Festival , June 10 , Temple Israel , 14 Coleytown Rd. , Westport . The event features chef demos , food and wine tastings , an exhibition hall , and workshops on Israeli innovations like water technology , food justice , and agriculture . Register online . Info : shalomct.org .
Old Fashioned Fun at French Farm , June 10 , 1-4 p.m. , 514 Lake Ave. , Greenwich . There will be live music , a farmer 's market , food vendors , beer , and lots of fun in store . Tickets $ 35 . Info : greenwichhistory.org .
Senior Adult Father 's Day Luncheon , June 14 , 11 a.m. – 1 p.m. , Stamford Jewish Community Center , 1035 Newfield Ave. , Stamford . Register online . Suggested donation $ 7 . Info : stamfordjcc.org .
East Coast Brew Festival , June 16 , 2 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Beer tasting . Tickets $ 65 advance , $ 75 day of . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
A Party to Die For : Center for Contemporary Printmaking 's Murder Mystery Masquerade Party at the Mansion , June 16 , 6:30 p.m. , Lockwood-Mathews Mansion , 295 West Ave. , Mathews Park , Norwalk . Tickets $ 125 . Info : [ email protected ] .
Annual JCC Youth Triathlon , June 17 , 7 a.m. to noon , Stamford Jewish Community Center , 1035 Newfield Ave. , Stamford . Info : stamfordjcc.org .
Make Music Fairfield , June 21 , noon , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . It is a part of the international Make Music Day movement which brings free , community-wide , outdoor musical celebrations to hundreds of cities worldwide ! Every year , the celebration is held on June 21 , the summer solstice , in more than 800 communities around the world . Free . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Trinity Tailgate Tag Sale , June 23 , 9-2:30 p.m. , Trinity Episcopal Church , 651 Pequot Ave. , Southport .
Independence Day Barbecue Luncheon , June 28 , 11 a.m. – 1 p.m. , Stamford Jewish Community Center , 1035 Newfield Ave , Stamford . Suggested donation $ 4 . Info : stamfordjcc.org .
Mockstock Tribute Band Festival , July 20-21 , 5-10:30 p.m. , Ives Concert Park on the WCSU Westside campus , 43 Lake Ave. , Danbury . MockStock is a two-day tribute band music festival . Friday is MockStock Purple , featuring a tribute to Prince , Jimi Hendrix and Sly & the Family Stone . Saturday is MockStock Metal , featuring the music of Metallica , AC/DC and Guns ‘ n ' Roses . Tickets $ 15- $ 50 . Info : ivesconcertpark.com .
Westside Reggae Festival , July 28 , 1 p.m. , Ives Concert Park on the WCSU Westside campus , 43 Lake Ave. , Danbury . Featured artists will include Culture , Wayne Wonder , Anthem Band , Half Pint , Derrick Barnett , Tales of Joy and more . Tickets $ 15- $ 35 . Info : ivesconcertpark.com .
2018 's Downtown Market : Stratford , Aug. 26 , Colonial Square Parking Lot , 2420 Main St. , in Stratford . It has a juried crafts , art , and jewelry show , accompanied by music , activities for children , and theater .
FARMERS ' MARKETS
The Hickories Farm Stand , 136 Lounsbury Rd. , Ridgefield , May-October , 11-6 , Mon.-Sun . ; November-May , 11-5 , Fri.-Sun . ; stand works on honor system ; thehickories.org
Stratford Farmers ' Market , Mon. , 2-6 p.m. , Paradise Green , Stratford ; townofstratford.com/FarmersMarket .
Gossett Brothers ' Farmers ' Market , Sat. , 9-1 year-round ( indoors for winter ) , 7 vendors ; 1202 Rte . 35 , South Salem , N.Y. ; gossettbrothersnursery.com/farmers-market
New Canaan Farmers ' Market , Sat. , 10-2 , Old Center School municipal parking lot , corner of South Ave.-Maple St.-Main St. , April 22-Dec. 16 ; newcanaanfarmersmarket.net
Westport Farmers ' Market , Thurs. , 10-2 , 45 vendors , at 50 Imperial Ave. ; May 17-Nov. 9 ; westportfarmersmarket.com .
Wilton Farmers ' Market , Wed. , noon to 5 p.m. , June 6-Oct. 24 , 224 Danbury Rd. , Wilton .
Volkswagen Group Japan KK senior executive Thomas Siebert was arrested on suspicion of using an illegal stimulant , the company said .
TOKYO : Volkswagen Group Japan KK senior executive Thomas Siebert was arrested on suspicion of using an illegal stimulant , the company said .
Siebert , a 53-year-old German , was arrested on Wednesday , the company said in a statement without elaborating on the drug involved .
`` We deeply regret the fact an employee of our company has been arrested due to their personal affairs , '' it said , adding it was cooperating with the investigation .
Police declined to comment .
Kyodo News reported earlier on that , according to police , the arrest followed a tip-off from the postal service .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Kaori Kaneko ; Editing by Stephen Coates )
London : Manchester City defender Danilo has played down the row surrounding teammate Raheem Sterling 's gun tattoo .
A picture of Sterling 's tattooed leg appeared on the front page of Britain 's popular Sun tabloid on Tuesday and prompted criticism from anti-gun campaigners .
But the 23-year-old England forward insisted there was a deeper meaning behind the tattoo than was apparent from first glance .
In an Instagram post from England 's pre-World Cup training camp at St George 's Park , Sterling wrote : `` When I was 2 my father died from being gunned down to death I made a promise to myself I would never touch a gun in my lifetime , I shoot with my right foot so it has a deeper meaning N still unfinished . ''
England 's governing Football Association backed what it said was Sterling 's `` honest and heartfelt account '' of why they had the new tattoo and now City teammate Danilo has also come to their defence .
`` Many times in football we give too much attention to these details , '' they said Wednesday at the training ground of Tottenham Hotspur in north London , where Brazil are holding a pre-Russia 2018 training camp of their own .
`` It is something that is up to him . It is something that they are feeling and makes sense to him . ''
Danilo , 26 , saw their first season in England end with the Premier League title following their arrival from Spanish giants Real Madrid .
Although they had to share full-back duties with Kyle Walker , Danilo was delighted by their time working with City manager Pep Guardiola during the defender 's inaugural campaign in English football .
`` It was an incredible experience , '' they added . `` I 'm a big fan of Guardiola and how they plan the game . It was a great experience to work with him . ''
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Western Digital Corp said it has sought a court injunction that would prevent Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business until its arbitration case against the Japanese conglomerate has been decided .
TOKYO : Western Digital Corp said it has sought a court injunction that would prevent Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business until its arbitration case against the Japanese conglomerate has been decided .
Western Digital , which jointly operates Toshiba 's main chip plant , wants to buy the highly prized semiconductor unit and has been at loggerheads with the Japanese firm over an auction that could see the unit end up with a rival company .
In May , the California-based firm sought international arbitration arguing that Toshiba needs its consent for any sale and that Toshiba has breached their joint venture contracts by entertaining outside bids .
Toshiba 's `` attempts to circumvent our contractual rights have left us with no choice but to take this action , Western Digital 's Chief Executive Steve Milligan said in a statement .
`` Left unchecked , Toshiba would pursue a course that clearly violates these rights , '' they added .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The injunction is being sought in the Superior Court of California .
Toshiba declined to make immediate comment .
Toshiba wants at least US $ 18 billion for the chip business and hopes to complete the deal as quickly as possible to help cover billions of dollars in cost overruns at its now-bankrupt Westinghouse nuclear unit .
It had been aiming to pick a preferred bidder for the business by Thursday but is now unlikely to come to a decision just yet due to last minute jockeying by suitors , a source familiar with the matter has said .
( Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki ; Writing by Tim Kelly ; Editing by Edwina Gibbs )
LOS ANGELES : - Niall Horan has announced an extensive UK and Europe tour . The 24-year-old musician is gearing up for the release of their debut solo album ‘ Flicker ' - which hits shelves on October 20 - and after having announced tours in support of the record across America and Australia , the Irish native has now taken to social media to reveal details of a UK and European leg . The shows , which take place in early 2018 , will see the ‘ Slow Hands ' hitmaker travel around the UK and Ireland in March , visiting cities including Dublin , Belfast , Manchester , Glasgow , London , Cardiff , Bournemouth , and Brighton .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
3 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Comcast Corp said on Monday it had abandoned its bid for most of the assets of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc , leaving Walt Disney Co as the sole suitor in pursuit of the US $ 40 billion-plus deal .
REUTERS : Comcast Corp said on Monday it had abandoned its bid for most of the assets of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc , leaving Walt Disney Co as the sole suitor in pursuit of the US $ 40 billion-plus deal .
`` When a set of assets like Fox 's becomes available , it is our responsibility to evaluate if there is a strategic fit that could benefit our company and our shareholders . That is what we tried to do and we are no longer engaged in the review of those assets . We never got the level of engagement needed to make a definitive offer , '' Comcast told Reuters in a statement .
Disney 's negotiations with Fox are continuing , and a deal could be reached as early as this month , other sources close to the situation said , asking not to be identified discussing confidential deliberations .
Disney and Fox did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
( Reporting by Anjali Athavaley and Jessica Toonkel in New York ; Editing by Matthew Lewis )
REUTERS : Manchester City midfielder Fernandinho was sent off for the third time in their last six games but it did not stop them as Sergio Aguero came off the bench to score in a 2-1 Premier League home defeat of Burnley on Monday .
City 's hopes of closing the gap on leaders Chelsea took a knock in the 32nd minute when their Brazilian skipper Fernandinho got a straight red card for a reckless two-footed tackle on Icelandic midfielder Johann Berg Gudmundsson .
But Burnley , who have managed only one point on the road all season , were unable to assert themselves and City moved comfortably ahead with Gael Clichy and substitute Aguero scoring within four minutes of each other after the break .
Ben Mee 's reply meant some late jitters for City but Pep Guardiola 's side were rarely troubled as they moved above Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal into third - seven points adrift of Chelsea and two behind Liverpool , who drew at Sunderland .
`` Ask the referee - not me . We 'll play without Fernandinho , '' Guardiola said when asked about the red card that means a four-game ban for the midfielder , who was also dismissed against Chelsea and Borussia Moenchengladbach this season .
`` We try to play football . I ca n't control the circumstances . We wanted to win ... When you play 10 against 11 , sometimes you just defend but I wanted to make counter-attacks with Kevin De Bruyne , Raheem Sterling and Sergio Aguero and we did it . ''
City , needing a quick response after defeat at title rivals Liverpool on Saturday , dominated possession in the first half but were struggling to break down Burnley 's packed defence .
They only began to carve open the visitors when Aguero and David Silva were introduced after the break .
After 58 minutes Clichy , who had scored only once in more than 100 league appearances for City , cut in from the left and delivered a low shot that crept inside Tom Heaton 's far post .
Aguero doubled City 's lead with a fine finish from a tight angle four minutes later after Raheem Sterling had fallen over trying to round Heaton and the chance seemed to have been lost .
The Argentina striker , who returned from suspension against Liverpool , now has 11 league goals this season .
`` Sergio helps a lot , mostly scoring goals , '' Guardiola said . `` He played 90 minutes after four games out and I did not consider them playing 90 minutes again after two days . ''
( Reporting by Martyn Herman , editing by Ed Osmond and Ken Ferris )
By Simon Onmeje ,
For 10 years after its establishment , the National Information and Technology Development Agency ( NITDA ) remained a sleepy outfit . But under a determined management , the agency conquered the peculiar and strangulating odds in Nigeria to impressively place the country on the Information and Communication Technology ( ICT ) ladder in just one year .
By ensuring the visibility of ICT application and safety in the country recently , both the private and public sectors of the economy have been motivated to show extreme enthusiasm in cropping the multiple benefits of the ICT innovations and transformations instituted by the current management of NITDA . It has also positioned the agency as the ideal destination for e-Nigeria in accordance with its establishment mandate .
NITDA Director-General , Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami 's professionalism and leadership commitment have impacted on Nigerians in a manner never before felt in the administration of the agency . Consequently , it has posted many rewarding returns to Nigeria and Nigerians in the world of Information Technology ( IT ) , especially in the Year 2017 . Therefore , for Nigerians who have monitored Pantami 's focused and result-oriented , re-engineering of NITDA , the search for the ICT Promoter of the Year 2017 , a platform raised by a London-based online news portal , “ The Nigerian ” , was not a difficult decision . The Associate Professor of Computer Science and Information Systems and Fellow of the British Computer Society ( FBCS ) , Dr Pantami instantly became the overwhelming choice of Nigerians who massively voted them the exceptional ICT Promoter of the Year in Nigeria .
Certainly , a peep into the underbelly of NITDA under Dr. Pantami amply justifies their unrivalled choice by Nigerians . As soon as they assumed office , the NITDA boss sought to define a definite focus to reposition and transform ICT application in Nigeria through a blueprint they branded as “ The Strategic Roadmap to Transform the Nigerian IT Sector ” crafted with specifics in consonance with the core mandate of the agency . The document has been their guiding light and its faithful implementation has created a warm synergy among the disparate ICT stakeholders in the country , ranging from private sector investors in ICT , to MDAs and individuals keen in developing skills and capacity in the ICT industry .
Topmost on the agenda of the NITDA boss was cybersecurity . They erected IT infrastructure potent enough to protect and secure the cyber activities of Nigerians from hackers and other dubious elements who before now could criminally invade the cyberspace . One of the manifest results of the initiative was NITDA 's instant intervention and restoration of the hacking of the JAMB website by cyber fraudsters during the novel 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examinations ( UTME ) Computer Based Test ( CBT ) exercise . NITDA was able to detect the hacking and restored JAMB 's website for the continuation of the UTME , much as it detected the cyber fraudsters .
In addition , Dr. Pantami has consistently conscientised Nigerians on threats of cybercrimes and other fraudulent activities by partnering relevant stakeholders to avert it . Just recently , NITDA and the Federal Ministry of Justice in conjunction with organized private sector staged the second annual conference on “ Financial Fraud and Cyber Crime ” in Abuja . This was on the heels of the “ Wannacry Ransomware ” cyber-attack that hit most countries of the world . The proactive measures the agency adopted by propagating the preventive steps , as spelt out by Microsoft Corporation guidelines assisted MDAs in arresting the scourge and saved them from system collapse .
The agency is always responsive to its responsibilities by constantly alerting the public of such pending cyber-attacks and measures to implement in order to forestall destruction to systems . It was the same experience when the ‘ Petya ' ransomware or ‘ GoldenEye ' threatened the cyberspace by rendering computer systems inaccessible . And even in this instance , NITDA came to the rescue , much as the virus affected several countries in the world . Dr. Pantami also believes that “ Cybercrime is inevitable simply because the way you are trying to clear the cyberspace , the same way the cyber criminals are creating free avenue to launch attacks . ”
But to sustain the protection of ICT systems , NITDA under Pantami is coupling an enduring solution in fighting cybercrimes with the establishment of Public Key Infrastructure ( PKI ) , tailored to relentlessly trail cyber fraud to curb the threatening menace . Furthermore , NITDA is also engaged in partnership with ESET , an IT Security company for anti-virus and firewall products for Nigerians . It recently signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) with ESET designed to ensure maximum protection of both private and public organizations ICT systems .
And executing its Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) , the ESET deal will offer free anti-malware solutions to millions of Nigerian students in higher institutions under its Secure School Initiative . And similarly , operating from this standpoint , NITDA also donated a Digital Capacity Building Centre ( DCBC ) to the Nigerian Television Authority ( NTA ) headquarters in Abuja .
NITDA has never rested on its oars to reach out to a wider spectrum of Nigerians . The agency also established a multi-million naira Digital Capacity Building Centre , at the Praxis Catholic e-School for IDPs in Abuja , which is training Internally Displaced Persons ( IDPs ) . And over 300 IDP students in the school are beneficiaries of the training .
Nigeria is a country where fake products are smuggled into the market easily . But Dr. Pantami 's enforcement of the regulations on the importation of IT infrastructure or hardware by its insistence for clearance and certification from the agency by all stakeholders has experienced unprecedented compliance by contractors , MDAs and Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs ) . The mutual interaction and seamless co-operation has largely insulated the IT industry in the country from fake and adulterated products which has been the bane of Nigeria in other sectors .
NITDA has endlessly also promoted Government Digital Services to service Nigeria 's quest for digital e-Governance . The effective implementation of the Treasury Single Account ( TSA ) by MDAs has manifestly assisted in the fight against corruption in the public service by enhancing transparency and accountability in the handling and management of public funds .
Thus far , the NITDA boss , Dr. Pantami has demonstrated more than a passing interest in ensuring the penetrative domestication of the values and gains of the ICT technology in the drive towards e-Nigeria . Their choice by Nigerians as “ The Nigerian ” ICT Promoter of Year 2017 is unmistakably a statement of their resounding success in turning around the fortunes of a hitherto sleepy agency , into a national treasure .
As they prepare to receive this honour as a token of appreciation for their selfless , purposeful , result-oriented and impactful leadership of the agency , at a grandeur conferment ceremony in London , Nigerians implore them to remain ever-focused to surpass their imprints of today , in promoting Nigeria 's IT industry for economic prosperity , ease of doing business and transparency in public governance .
Onmeje wrote from the United Kingdom .
Like this : Like Loading ...
A pipe bomb exploded in Port Authority Bus Terminal this Monday morning , RadarOnline.com has learned . One person is already in custody . According to Breaking 911 , the entire area around 42nd street has been evacuated and at least two people are being treated for injuries .
A bomb squad is searching the scene , as are local police and NYC firefighters .
PHOTOS : ‘ Absolutely Horrific ! ' Ariana Grande Concertgoer Says Bombing Was A Living Hell
WATCH : Scene at Times Square Subway Station after pipe bomb explodes . Suspect in custody . Reportedly 2 injured . Bomb Squad on scene . Entire area evacuated . pic.twitter.com/G9VRQngY3q — Breaking911 ( @ Breaking911 ) December 11 , 2017
Around 5:00 am , the bomb was detonated in passageway below ground . The A , C and E subway lines were evacuated , and the entire are is now being searched .
Current Scene Outside Port Authority In NYCpic.twitter.com/dL10Fk7MJ5 — Breaking911 ( @ Breaking911 ) December 11 , 2017
The NYC Office of Emergency Management said commuters should expect delays .
PHOTOS : Ariana Grande Concert Explosion : Inside The Horror
Snapchat video shows emergency crews outside Port Authority terminal after reports of possible explosion . pic.twitter.com/kMkDLfOgO0 — Ryan Wood ( @ RyanWoodDFW ) December 11 , 2017
It is not yet known what caused the explosive attack .
Stay with Radar for updates .
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at ( 866 ) ON-RADAR ( 667-2327 ) any time , day or night .
CHATHAM , Ont . — A truck driver has pleaded guilty to five charges arising from a fatal crash on Hwy . 401 last summer that claimed the lives of an Amherstburg , Ont. , mother and son .
Fifty-two-year-old Manjit Parmar of Brampton , Ont. , pleaded guilty in a Chatham court Wednesday to two counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death and three counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm .
Forty-two-year-old Lacie Brundritt and their son 14-year-old Kyle , who were passengers in a pickup truck , died when a westbound tractor trailer collided with five vehicles that were stopped on the highway due to another crash on July 30 , 2017 .
The 39-year-old male driver of the pickup truck was taken to hospital with serious injuries and a 12-year-old boy was sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
Parmar will be sentenced in September .
Advertisement
US President Donald Trump will host Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House on Wednesday , their first meeting since the inauguration and one that could shape policy in the region for years ahead .
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts between Israel and Palestine , as well as expanding settlements , the Iran nuclear deal and the war in Syria .
Trump 's campaign pledge to move the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , a move that would infuriate Palestinians and the Muslim world , will also be a discussion point .
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump was working to achieve a comprehensive agreement ending the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
“ The way forward toward that goal will also be discussed between the president and the prime minister , ” they said .
Trump , who is relentlessly pro-Israel and has repeatedly spoken disparagingly about Palestinians has challenged the legitimacy of Palestinian demands for a state .
On Tuesday , a White House official said Trump supported the goal of peace between the Israel and the Palestinians , even if it does not involve the two-state solution .
A two-state solution – the idea of Israel and Palestine living side-by-side and at peace – has been the bedrock of US diplomacy for the past two decades .
While Netanyahu has said they are committed to a two-state goal , they have broadly reiterated the aim since bringing it up since 2009 .
Advertisement
The right-wing Israeli leader has spoken of a “ state minus , ” suggesting they could offer the Palestinians deep-seated autonomy and the trappings of statehood without full sovereignty .
The Palestinians want an independent state in the West Bank and Gaza , with the capital in East Jerusalem , which Israel seized in the 1967 Middle East war .
Hanan Ashrawi , an executive member of the Palestine Liberation Organisation , said the Trump administration 's stance on the two-state solution “ does not make sense . ”
“ This is not a responsible policy and it does not serve the cause of peace , ” they told the AFP news agency .
“ They can not just say that without an alternative , ” they added .
Netanyahu , who is under investigation at home over allegations of abuse of office , spent much of Tuesday huddled with senior advisers in Washington preparing for the talks .
Officials said they wanted no gaps to emerge between US and Israeli thinking during the scheduled two-hour Oval Office meeting .
The Israeli prime minister is also scheduled to have breakfast on Thursday with Vice President Mike Pence before departing back to Israel .
American presidents have long struck a close friendship with Israel , lavishing the country with aid and advanced weaponry .
But Trump 's predecessor , Barack Obama , also called out Israeli actions seen as undermining peace efforts , such as expanding settlements in the occupied West Bank .
Following a series of bombs in Austin , TPD 's bomb squad says if you see something , say something .
London : Petra Kvitova admitted their desire for a third Wimbledon title had left them a bag of nerves as the Czech star suffered a stunning Wimbledon first round exit .
Kvitova was the bookmakers ' favourite to lift the Venus Rosewater Dish at the England Club after an impressive return to form this year .
But the 28-year-old was beaten 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-0 by unheralded Belarusian Aliaksandra Sasnovich on Tuesday .
Kvitova 's early exit was especially surprising given they had won five titles in 2018 , including the grass-court tournament at Birmingham last weekend , while amassing an WTA Tour-leading 38 match victories .
But eighth-seed Kvitova , who won Wimbledon in 2011 and 2014 , revealed their burning desire to take another Grand Slam title had been their undoing against world number 50 Sasnovich .
`` I 'm sad . I wanted to win very badly , maybe too much . The nerves were there again . I just tried to kind of fight with myself , '' they said .
`` Probably I was the biggest opponent I could have . I did n't really have a clear mind . I was thinking a little bit too much .
`` Of course , the hand is not moving as easily as it should be , so I 'm tight . I did n't move that well either .
`` I think I did n't really care that much ( about winning ) before . I do care now . So , yeah , probably that 's why . ''
It was another Grand Slam setback for Kvitova , who has gone out before the quarter-finals in five of their six appearances at the majors since returning to action following the horrific stabbing that derailed their career in 2016 .
The knife attack had Kvitova 's home left severe lacerations to all four fingers on their playing hand .
Kvitova conceded they feel extra pressure to play their best at Wimbledon after their past success and that had contributed to their collapse when they felt the Sasnovich match slipping away .
`` Probably in Wimbledon it 's a little bit more than the other Grand Slams because obviously I know I can play well , '' they said .
`` But it is how it is . Yeah , I think it 's the worst one .
`` I think the worst pressure is in the first rounds , second rounds , and third rounds . After that it 's fine . ''
Despite their defeat , Kvitova was actually in a light-hearted mood when they faced the media and they said that was because they still had such happy memories of Wimbledon .
`` Anyway , I think I already won the biggest match here , so that 's probably why I 'm smiling , '' they added .
Sasnovich 's reward for the best result of their career is a second round clash with American Taylor Townsend .
`` It was good but I can play better . Probably I deserved it today , '' Sasnovich said after closing out the win with consecutive aces .
`` I was just warming up when the score was 5-0 in the final set . I could have played one more match ! ''
LOS ANGELES-Denzel Washington is at the helm of ‘ Fences ' ; a film adaptation of the play of the same name by the late Pulitzer Prize winning African-American playwright August Wilson . He 's also the producer and stars in the film as lead character Troy Maxson opposite Viola Davis who plays their wife Rose Maxson .
Denzel is a huge fan of the play for its captivating story . Originally published in 1985 , it 's a story about race set in the 50s and follows a 53-year-old former baseball player from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania who had previously been in prison . It 's part of Wilson 's ‘ Pittsburgh Cycle ' series ,
‘ August Wilson wrote a masterpiece . They wrote a great , if not perfect , play . It 's one that any actor would want to be a part of . He 's just a great writer ' , Denzel Washington said , praising the ‘ great , rich characters ' . ‘ Like Shakespeare or any of the great American playwrights like Eugene O'Neill . '
In fact , Denzel was so dedicated to the play as it is that they chose to keep the original script the same . As well as they and Viola ( who are currently up for Golden Globe awards for Best Performance by an Actor and Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role , the play also stars Stephen Henderson , Jovan Adepo , Russell Hornsby and Mykelti Williamson .
Wilson was also the man behind ‘ The Piano Lesson ' set during the Great Depression , and ‘ Two Trains Running ' , which became a Broadway hit for Laurence Fishburne in 1992 who won a Tony Award for their performance . And speaking of awards , ‘ Fences ' has already won a number of accolades including an AFI Award , a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award , a Virtuoso Award at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival and a DFCS Award .
The World Cup referee given a life ban in their homeland Saudi Arabia earlier this month for a match-fixing attempt will not be replaced at the tournament in Russia , global soccer body FIFA said on Wednesday .
ZURICH : The World Cup referee given a life ban in their homeland Saudi Arabia earlier this month for a match-fixing attempt will not be replaced at the tournament in Russia , global soccer body FIFA said on Wednesday .
The Saudi Arabia Football Federation said two weeks ago that it had barred referee Fahad Al Mirdasi after they confessed to offering to fix the final of their country 's domestic cup competition .
Advertisement
FIFA confirmed in a statement to Reuters that Al Mirdasi 's World Cup selection had been `` withdrawn with immediate effect . ''
`` The FIFA Referees Committee has taken the decision not to directly replace Al Mirdasi , '' it said , adding that the two assistant referees in their team , Mohammed Al Abakry and Abdulah Alshalwai , had also been dropped .
( Writing by Brian Homewood ; Editing by Ken Ferris )
Image from tasteful_tn .
In the U.S. , we tend to pile our main dish atop rice and call it a day , but in many other cultures , rice is served with a variety of toppings so that it can be enjoyed aside from the main dish . Here are a few suggestions to garnish your rice with tasty toppings .
Advertisement
You might have heard of some of these items before , but if you do n't have them at home , you should stock up and increase your flavor options when serving up rice . Even adding them in addition to a main dish will give you more flavor and texture , or you can also eat them with just a simple scoop of rice . Most of these can easily be found at your local asian grocery store or online .
Pickled vegetables : This topping brings both a tanginess and a sweetness as well as tons of crunch . My favorites are umeboshi ( plum ) , takuan ( radish ) , rakkyo ( onion ) , and kimchi .
: This topping brings both a tanginess and a sweetness as well as tons of crunch . My favorites are umeboshi ( plum ) , takuan ( radish ) , rakkyo ( onion ) , and kimchi . Fish roe : A.k.a . fish eggs . You should look for ones that are smoked or salted because they pack more flavor .
: A.k.a . fish eggs . You should look for ones that are smoked or salted because they pack more flavor . Egg : If you 're daring , you can mix in a raw egg to hot rice and it 'll cook just slightly before you dig in . You can also fry or scramble an egg instead .
: If you 're daring , you can mix in a raw egg to hot rice and it 'll cook just slightly before you dig in . You can also fry or scramble an egg instead . Seaweed : You have many preparations to choose from with this topping . From marinated salads to dried strips or furikake ( mix of seaweed and sesame seeds ) .
: You have many preparations to choose from with this topping . From marinated salads to dried strips or furikake ( mix of seaweed and sesame seeds ) . Fish flakes : Dried , cured fish that is almost unrecognizable in flake form .
: Dried , cured fish that is almost unrecognizable in flake form . Avocado : Make sure your avocado is perfectly ripe . You might want to add a bit of oil or sauce with this since it can be a little dry with only rice .
: Make sure your avocado is perfectly ripe . You might want to add a bit of oil or sauce with this since it can be a little dry with only rice . Nutritional yeast : An umami bomb that adds a nutty , almost cheesy flavor . Sprinkle directly on the rice before other toppings are added .
: An umami bomb that adds a nutty , almost cheesy flavor . Sprinkle directly on the rice before other toppings are added . Leftover sauce : Rice makes a pretty good blank slate for any leftover sauce you have hanging around , like pesto , chili , or tahini .
If you have a favorite rice topping , share it in the discussion below so other people can give it a try ! Make sure to mention any special preparation your topping needs or if there 's a trick to eating it for maximum flavor .
Farmers National Co. announced that Jay Johnson was recently presented the Farmers National Co. Silver Eagle Award for their outstanding efforts in real estate sales . Johnson , real estate broker with Farmers National Co. received the company 's top award for real estate sales in 2016 . Johnson can be contacted at ( 308 ) 760-7851 , by email at JJohnson @ FarmersNational.com , or visit http : //www.FarmersNational.com/JayJohnson . For more information on land listings in your region , visit the Farmers National Co. website at http : //www.FarmersNational.com .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Knights of Columbus Assumpta Council 3987 recently held its deceased members Mass at the council home , Parry Street , Luzerne . First row , from left , are Wayne Williams , grand knight ; the Rev . Alex Roche , council chaplain ; Thomas Havralack , recording secretary , and James Maseitis , treasurer . Second row : John Butler , trustee ; Sam Wolfe , faithful navigator ; John Duesler , past grand knight ; Joseph Pikaitis , advocate ; Michael Lanczak , financial secretary , and Paul Hoffman , guard .
The Union Ministry of Home Affairs was left red-faced after it published an incorrect photo of the India-Pakistan border in its annual report for 2016-17 . A photo captioned as `` floodlighting along the border '' turned out to be from the Spain-Morocco border , which was originally taken in 2006 by a Spanish photographer , Javier Moyano .
The home ministry used a picture of Spain-Morocco border as India 's border with Pakistan , prompting the Union home secretary Rajiv Mehrishi to say that the ministry would apologise if there is a mistake . `` If there is a mistake , we will apologise , '' they said .
The picture with the caption 'Floodlighting along the Border ' was published recently in the home ministry 's 324-page annual report , with detailed information on floodlighting along the India-Pakistan border . However , later it came to light that the picture was of the Spain-Morocco border , located along the Plazas de soberanía , Ceuta , Melilla and Alborán Island along the north coast of Morocco .
Between Morocco and Ceuta , there is a physical border known as the Ceuta border fence . Melilla also has a physical border known as the Melilla border fence , similar to the Indo-Pak border with floodlighting . Spain and Morocco have a sea between them but there are Spanish conclaves on the north coast of Africa that have a fenced and floodlit border with Morocco .
Hours after the goof was out in the public domain and was reported by several media houses , the Union Home Ministry launched an internal investigation into the error .
Home Ministry orders internal investigation into using picture of Spain-Morocco border to show Indian border floodlighting , in annual report pic.twitter.com/zNvwBnaljn — ANI ( @ ANI_news ) June 14 , 2017
Sources said the home ministry officials were trying to find out from where the picture was sourced . It could be from the Border Security Force ( BSF ) which guards major portions of the 3,323 km long boundary , sources from the ministry told PTI .
Source have also told The Times of India that the home ministry 's annual report has been out in the public domain for almost three months and that it will be difficult to correct the gaffe as printing of new copies of the report is a massive task .
This is not the first time that the photograph was misused . It was used by another 'right-wing propaganda site ' The Fearless Indian . In 2016 , in an article headlined With 1.5 Lakh Lights Illuminating it , This Is How India 's Border with Pakistan Looks like in the Night and from Space , Dainik Bhaskar had used it as a photograph of India-Pakistan border .
The government has said that 647-kilometre of India 's border with Pakistan and Bangladesh has been floodlit to prevent terrorists and immigrants from infiltrating into Indian territory . It was widely reported that the floodlighting was completed in a year . Almost 2,000 km of the border in Jammu and Kashmir , Punjab , Rajasthan and Gujarat is floodlit , NDTV reported .
None of this , apart from the trap-inspired `` Supplies , '' has much to do with the current Top 40 . That comes as something of a surprise given the obvious thirst for a hit the singer demonstrated less than two years ago when they reteamed with Max Martin , their former 'N Sync producer , for the precision-crafted `` Ca n't Stop the Feeling ! '' ( At that time Timberlake told me he 'd been working on more music with Martin and Martin 's producing partner , Shellback , neither of whom are credited on `` Man of the Woods . '' )
Share :
ISLAMABAD ( PR ) Engineers have said that transfers and postings at large scale in Discos would be a bad omen for energy sector as such proposal may further increase energy crisis across the country .
Addressing Iesco 's staffers here at a local hotel on Tuesday , National Engineers Patron in chief Engineer Syed Abdul Qadir Shah and IEEEP President Dr Rana Abdul Jabbar said they held a meeting with energy secretary to discuss the matter and they had assured them not to take such an initiative which could be a bone of contention between Discos management and staffers .
After meeting with the secretary energy , they said they were quite satisfied and hopeful that no reshuffling of SDOs and XENs would be observed massively in Discos countrywide .
Abdul Qadir said the news of transfers and postings at large scale in Discos had created unrest in engineers ' routine life .
They said SDOs and XENs were quite familiar with consumers ' issues of their duty-stations and they were trying their hardest to settle down them accordingly .
They further explained that engineers were technical hand of the society and it had nothing to do with ongoing politics in the country .
FOUR Crosses have welcomed the return of midfielder Paul Bache to Foxen Manor .
The midfielder returns to the J T Hughes Montgomeryshire Honda Division One leaders for a second spell from North West Counties League side FC Oswestry Town .
A few elected officials discussed issues of importance to the local Latino community at a Spanish roundtable tonight . Event organizer Nancy Batista says they 'll discuss the separation of immigrant families and the DACA program –it protects undocumented immigrants brought to the U.S as children .
“ They 're going to be speaking in regards to DACA and how they 're going to be giving support to those trying to move forward to DACA and those who are applying also about ICE and the family separations that are happening . ”
Batista says Senator Bill Nelson , Congressman Darren Soto , Congressman Nydia Velazquez , and the Mexican Consulate will also discuss FEMA Transitional Shelter Assistance for Puerto Rican families displaced by Hurricane Maria . The event will take place tonight at six at the Ana G. Mendez University .
If you 'd like to listen to the full story , please click on the clip above .
I 'm a big-city girl who came to an even bigger city to study abroad at SFU . Looking back at my first-year student days , I realize that a lot has occurred and a lot has changed ; those things have shaped me far more than anyone could 've predicted .
Stereotypical hurdles like the first-year student fifteen might 've been a myth for me , but my first year consisted of a lot of other failures , including a failing grade among the marks on my transcript . I thought , how could I be salvaged ? My redemption seemed to be out of the question . So at the first sight of danger , I ran back to my big city in India for the entire summer .
I did return , though , and my sophomore year was a year of transition . I mellowed my natural tendency to party , I tried to be more organized and disciplined , and I managed to turn my Cs into lousy Bs . Even though there were times where I was critically harsh on myself for making what I felt was n't nearly enough progress , I just kept swimming .
Sure enough , I made it to shore . My third year took a complete turn : I hit my first A , while taking a bunch of extra curriculars and managing time as if I were running on a 25-hour clock . I made all the time I needed .
But , hey ! I gave myself three years to get to a healthy position , and contrary to expectations , healthy does n't have to translate into perfect . I still hand in assignments at 11:59 a.m. on Turnitin , each time telling myself that I 'll never do it again . I reach my lecture halls panting and I still get distracted during lectures as I scroll through food pages on Instagram .
I make all of these mistakes as a third year student . Who cares ? I 'm ready to stomp through this spring , not because I have a universal solution to academic success , but because I know I have to keep going forward — quite simply , because it 's my ambition .
It 's not about getting As , or even an undergraduate degree . It 's growth in my academic field ; learning more of what I 'm studying , for the sake of learning . It 's showing up on time for meetings and lectures , catapulting myself into an unshakeable routine . It 's developing the necessary zeal to not fall back into a slump . Most of all , my ambition is to be as self-reflective as I can be .
I 've realized a few things over the course of my SFU experience . My procrastination is n't a result of my incapability to manage time ; it 's because I 'm lackadaisical , and sometimes cocky about my abilities . I grumble or struggle with assignments when I have n't put enough thorough research into them . I repeatedly justify myself with , “ I could have easily scored better if I had put in more time. ” Realizing that these justifications were excuses , not reasons , was what led me to connect the dots of my shortcomings .
I formed bad habits and let myself believe I was hardwired to behave the way I did , but that is so not true . Breaking habits requires a lot of conscious effort , but believe me , a little time and introspection can break through the thickest habit that you have .
You 're a sinner if , for one second , you believe that you are n't capable of ridding yourself of the person you 've been before — even worse , a convict for letting yourself stay stagnant . Keep swimming .
CNN name , logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP , LLLP . A Time Warner Company . All rights reserved . CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network , LP LLLP , displayed with permission . Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them . © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016 . All rights reserved .
The Plaza Hotel , one of New York 's most iconic buildings in which Subrata Roy-led Sahara India group has majority stakes , has been fully acquired by a Qatar government-owned fund for about USD 600 million , according to a media report on Wednesday.Qatar 's state-owned Katara Holding has acquired full ownership of the hotel , including a 75 per cent stake from Subrata Roy-led Sahara India Pariwar for about USD 600 million , according to the Wall Street Journal.The `` surprise buyer '' is a hospitality fund that buys and manages hotels around the world for the Qatar government.Katara bought the 75 per cent stake held by the Sahara Group and the 25 per cent stake from New York real-estate investor Ashkenazy Acquisition Corp. and its partner Saudi Prince al-Waleed bin Talal , it said.There were no immediate comments available from the Sahara Group.The deal , which closed on Monday , includes 282 guest rooms and the property 's retail space , people familiar with the transaction were quoted as saying in the report.Qatar , a tiny Gulf nation , is the world 's largest exporter of liquefied natural gas . It already owns landmark hotels such as The Savoy and The Connaught in London.US President Donald Trump , who once compared it to the Mona Lisa , and hotelier Conrad Hilton were previous owners of one of the most iconic landmarks in New York City.Trump lost the hotel in a bankruptcy.The Plaza Hotel , opened in 1907 , is the only hotel listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The report said Katara 's purchase marks the latest twist in a long-running global saga surrounding the Plaza Hotel 's ownership.In April , a group of investors led by founder of Dubai-based White City Ventures Shahal Khan and Kamran Hakim of the Hakim Organisation , a large private New York landlord , had reached a deal to buy the property.But about a week later , Ashkenazy and Prince al-Waleed exercised a right as minority owners to match any agreement to purchase Sahara 's majority stake , the WSJ report said.Sahara acquired its controlling stake in 2012 in a deal that valued the property at about USD 575 million.The Indian company has been trying to sell the Plaza for years but was never able to complete a deal.Last year , it hired brokerage firm Jones Lang LaSalle to carry out an auction of the property.About 50 private-equity firms , foreign governments and other investors had expressed interest in the Plaza Hotel last year , people familiar with the matter say .
COREY LEBLANC
Staff Writer
The Niagara Knights men 's basketball team won their fourth straight in a game against St. Clair on Sunday in dramatic fashion . They smothered the Saints defensively and overcame a 12-point deficit to take the victory by the score of 91-73 .
Knights came out looking like a team that had played less than 24 hours ago . They quickly proved themselves by digging deep and using their depth to outlast the Saints onslaught .
It was another impressive display from this group that heads into the last game of the season with only two losses under their belt . There 's an awful lot of confidence excreting from this team right now and it showed in this one .
Lequan Hylton had another stellar game , going 5/10 from long range and netting a game-high 19 points . Their teammate , Van Hutchinson , also had themselves a game , they dropped 5 of their 15 FG attempts and scored 15 points overall in the win . Kevin Cooper also continued their brilliant weekend off the bench . The 6-foot-7 rookie from Nassau , Bahamas had two major slams in this game and brought tons of energy to their team on the bench .
“ It 's not only me , it 's the energy from my teammates , ” said Cooper after the game . “ The trust that they put in me , I just want to give it back to them . ”
There 's a lot to give . The Knights have not enjoyed this much success in quite some time and they 're poised at this stage in the season to really make a splash in OCAA playoffs .
“ I think every week we show what the OCAAs will look like and we really strive at getting better , ” said coach Keith Vassell .
Vassell said their team displayed its ups and downs in this one , showing how bad the team can play and showing how resilient they can be . Overcoming the deficit was huge , but having the deficit in the first place is something that Vassell hopes their team can tighten up before the championships begin .
“ I think there 's still so much room for us to improve , ” said Vassell . “ It 's just a situation for us where I think we just have to continue to seek out and improve and through that , we should be ready . ”
Knights have one more test before playing the bigger games in the OCAA championships . They 'll take on Fanshawe in the season closer on Friday at 8 p.m .
Quick Hits
Another day , another Knights win .
I think it 's become the status quo . Whenever Kevin Cooper steps on the court , he 's bound to have at least one slam dunk . They had two today and I 'm pretty sure the second jam sent their bench to the moon .
The bench is the reason the Knights won today in my opinion . They wore down and outlasted the Saints and eventually worked them down until they could n't keep up anymore . Eight players for the home team had at least seven points .
No chairs were harmed in the playing of this game ( see women 's game coverage against Saints ) .
If Lequan Hylton keeps up this pace , he 'll break the all-time record for 3 PT shooting percentage . The current record is 46 per cent , set by DJ Morrison in 15-16 . Hylton was 45 per cent coming into tonight and went 50 per cent in this one .
I 'm floored at how the Knights managed to come back in this game . Slow start , but very good job to stay in the game and eek out two wins in two days . # KnightsSweep
After the Game – Van Hutchinson
Q : That 's another great win . Is there anything this team ca n't do right now .
A : We got some stuff to work on . Punches in our defense , but our chemistry and we 're peaking at the right time . This is very good to go into the playoffs with this momentum win at home .
Q : Talk about how deep this team is . It was noticeable in this one , you guys have about 10 contributors on this team .
A : Yeah , everybody on the team contributed and knew their role . That 's why we are able to go so deep . It 's just execution and having confidence in each other , having each other 's back . That gives us the confidence to each and every one of us to go out and play as a team .
Q : When did you notice the momentum start to shift in this one ?
A : The minute we got that overnight game out of our system . After the first quarter , we scored like seven points . Came back in the second quarter and scored 27 . So that 's automatic . That 's the turning point right there and we just floated and we ran it straight through . Being at home , the home crowd supported and we were able to take off in the energy .
Q : So now you guys move into Fanshawe . How big is this game for you guys ?
A : We 're going in to the next game the same way we go into every other game . We 're not going to take any team for granted and we 're going to take it one game at a time .
Q : The offense is clicking right now . Do you think you guys can carry this into the post-season ?
A : Yeah . Everybody is finding their ways to score and they 're moving the ball on our offense . It 's good execution right now . So hopefully we can keep it up because we 're on a roll right now after our loss to Sheridan , but we 're going to find our way and they will see us again .
- Advertisement -
Dr. Benedict Oramah , President , African Export-Import Bank ( Afreximbank ) , has urged African countries to shift their economies away from commodity dependence , to move their people out of poverty .
Oramah made the appeal in a statement by the Head of Communication and Events of the bank , Mr Obi Emekekwu , on Monday in Abuja .
While speaking at a panel discussion at the Africa 2017 Forum , organised in the Egyptian resort city , Oramah said that the countries should rather implement the diversification of their economies .
This , they said , should be done by engaging in production and trade in higher value goods , similar to what the Asian nations had done to move out of poverty .
They warned that if Africa failed to move in that direction , the countries would fall deeper in to poverty .
“ Africa should not depend on aid and grants for its development as there is no record of any country having achieved development on the basis of aid and grant .
“ In the alternative , African countries should wean themselves from that mindset and should make sure that their development projects were bankable in order to attract the necessary capital .
- Advertisement -
“ The continent needs to come together under the Continental Free Trade Area ( CFTA ) as continents that traded within themselves developed faster .
“ African markets are too fragmented , hence the need for them to come together , ” Oramah said .
According to Oramah , the continent must leverage on its strength which includes its large and youthful population , its huge resource base and the availability of abundant labour .
This , they said , could be tapped by focusing on labour intensive industries and engaging in light manufacturing .
They highlighted the important role of intra-African trade in driving African economic integration , adding that Afreximbank would introduce a payment platform to support such trade by enabling cross-border payments in local currencies .
Oramah also noted that globalisation , which brought about free movement of capital , placed Africa at a disadvantage , as smaller economies were likely to always come out the losers in negotiations with larger economies .
0
If you ca n't attend New York Comic-Con 2017 but still want to experience the Pacific Rim Uprising panel , you 're in luck . Collider is the exclusive livestreaming partner with ReedPOP for NYCC , and you can watch the Pacific Rim Uprising NYCC panel live right here on Friday , October 6th from 12pm-1pm ET . Director Steven S. DeKnight will join stars John Boyega , Scott Eastwood , Burn Gorman , and Cailee Spaeny to take the Madison Square Garden stage and offer fans their first tease of the sequel , as well as the world premiere of the debut trailer .
The follow-up stars Boyega as Jake Pentecost , the son of Idris Elba 's character from the first movie , and the story takes place 10 years after the events of Pacific Rim . The Jaeger program has now evolved and expanded into a massive global defense force after the Battle of the Breach , which comes in handy when the Kaiju threat returns .
DeKnight co-wrote the film with T.S . Nowlin ( The Maze Runner ) , Emily Carmichael ( Adventures of Ledo and Ix ) & Kira Snyder ( The Handmaid 's Tale ) and Guillermo del Toro remains onboard as a producer even though they departed the director 's chair during development .
October 06 , 2017 , 12:00 PM – 1:00 PM – The Theater at Madison Square Garden
PACIFIC RIM UPRISING director Steven S. DeKnight will be joined by stars John Boyega , Scott Eastwood , Burn Gorman and Cailee Spaeny—as well as moderator Aaron Sagers , SYFY WIRE 's editor-at-large—to discuss the upcoming action-adventure from Legendary and introduce the world premiere of the new trailer . The follow-up to 2013 's cinematic epic of monsters and mechs , the film will inspire a new generation to become the biggest heroes to ever walk the earth . Also starring Jing Tian , Rinko Kikuchi , Adria Arjona and Charlie Day , PACIFIC RIM UPRISING hits theaters March 2018 . # JoinTheUprising # PacificRimUprising
For more of our NYCC content , click here .
HANOI : Vietnam land protesters in the capital Hanoi have released about half the 30 officials , including police officers , they took hostage on Saturday when a land dispute escalated , a lawyer involved in negotiations said on late Monday .
The residents of My Duc , on the outskirts of Hanoi , accused the local authority of taking over land for a telecommunications project without paying appropriate compensation .
The local government said the people did not own the land and were breaking the law by protesting . Four of the residents were arrested , including 83-year-old local leader Kinh .
The residents of My Duc took police and other officials hostage to demand the release of those arrested . Residents ' lawyer Tran Vu Hai said all local people had now been released and that half those held by residents had been freed .
Land disputes are common in Vietnam and the one in My Duc has lasted for years , but it is rare for residents to take officials hostage in the communist state where there is little tolerance of dissent .
( Reporting by My Pham ; Editing by Matthew Tostevin and Michael Perry )
Social media is abuzz with posts about a cement mixer/space capsule that sprang up in the desert south of Phoenix earlier this week .
Artist Jack Millard says they saw the old cement mixer sitting near Interstate 10 near Casa Grande , Arizona and thought it looked like a space capsule .
The landowners told them the old mixer had been sitting there for at least 30 years . They helped them move it closer to the interstate where they added same paint , props and even an old parachute to make it look like it had just landed after re-entry .
The response was immediate . Local TV covered it , web sites in Europe posted about it , the Arizona Department of Public Safety even stopped by to make sure it was n't an actual capsule .
Jack Millard 's Facebook page
People who live and drive in northeast Oklahoma instantly started comparing it to the lost cement mixer of Winganon , which `` landed '' in 2011 .
9/26/2011 Related Story : Lost Cement Mixer Of Winganon Gets Space-Age Update
The story of the lost cement mixer of Winganon is one of our favorite tales . The mixer was on the back of a truck that crashed decades ago . We 've been unable to learn the specific date , with some accounts putting the wreck in the early 70s while others as far back as the late 50s .
The company that owned the truck recovered the vehicle , but left the mixer because it was full of dried -- and heavy -- concrete . Over the years people had painted it many times . Sometimes the paint was simple graffiti , other times it was artistic , including an American flag motif in honor of the victims of the 9/11 attacks .
In September of 2011 , Barry and Heather Thomas stepped in to create something special . Barry wanted to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary , so as a gift to their wife , the two of them and some friends turned it into a mock space capsule . The timing turned out to be interesting , because a NASA satellite was about to crash back to Earth .
Their creation has become a popular attraction in pasture land on the east side of Oologah Lake in Rogers County .
Winganon Space Capsule Facebook Page
Thomas said they and Heather were already planning to spruce up the cement mixer/space capsule , but now that they 've seen the new one in Arizona they say they need to step up their game .
`` We ca n't have somebody 's looking better than ours when ours is the original , '' they said with a laugh . `` I think they did an awesome job . ''
He 's impressed with Millard 's version and does n't think the Arizona artist is a copy cat . Instead , they think Millard got the same kind of inspiration they and their wife did . `` When you see an old cement mixer it seems like such a natural fit to want to turn it into a space capsule . ''
Thomas said they and their wife were already planning a pizza party with friends to refresh the Winganon capsule and the new attention has inspired them to move forward .
Jury Hears Closing Arguments In Bill Cosby 's Sexual Assault Trial Closing arguments in Bill Cosby 's sexual assault trial took place Tuesday . He 's accused of assaulting Andrea Constand in 2004 , but five other women were allowed to testify about their own alleged assaults .
By CARLY SOLTESZ
Columnist
The word “ soulmate ” carries weight to it . It 's a coveted and revered position to be so special to someone , but to me , there is an underlying pressure to it . The idea of only having one person that I could give that title to always seemed silly to me .
I prefer to borrow a term from the beloved Lucy Maud Montgomery , and instead of the term “ soulmate , ” I use “ kindred spirits. ” I can have a kindred spirit moment with someone I barely know or a stranger I bump into on the street , rather than just having this “ be-all , end-all ” connection with only one person .
To have my partner love and care about every single thing that I am passionate about would give us much more in common than we already have , but I am lucky enough that there are enough differences in our interests to keep things interesting but uncomplicated .
For instance , I ca n't expect my fiancé to keep up with all the fandoms I count myself a part of based on all the shows and books I like as there are far too many , so I instead do an awkward happy dance complete with flapping hands with my kindred spirits when something new is announced in the world of literature , film or television .
I have met many kindred spirits in various classrooms throughout my education , some in the form of teachers and some being peers with more life experience and advice to offer .
We all have that person that absolutely exhausts us , mentally and emotionally . Sometimes they 're a friend we could n't shake when the relationship changed , sometimes it 's a co-worker or boss that you ca n't avoid . After even the shortest amount of time with that person , the kindred spirit I want to call is the one who can recharge me . They or they are the friend that I can tell everything to or just keep quiet with . With them , it 's like no time at all has passed between visits .
My family offers kindred spirits in the form of quiet comfort , family meals and a secure roof over my head . Even when living with the best roommates in a best-case scenario , there 's nothing quite like coming home .
For my love of music , I turn to friends who do n't necessarily overlap the screen-watching or reading group , or even fellow concert-goers at a show . There 's something about being in the dim lights with a band on stage that brings people together .
When it comes to my affection for my fiancé and my fondness for my friends , one bond is not more important than the other – they are just different . Without having all of these amazing and special people in my life , and to share such a unique connection with them makes me count myself
truly lucky .
The best kindred spirit I have though , the one that is always there , even when I 'm alone , is the one I have in myself . I have a support system to lean on , but I can also stand on my own legs as a single individual , one in a relationship , through good or
bad times .
I am my own best friend , and is n't that what a true soulmate is supposed to be ?
SINGAPORE : If you 're a hardcore fan of Assassin 's Creed video games , you might want to take a closer look at its fourth instalment . Somewhere in the pirate-themed Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag is the Merlion .
The blink-and-you'll-miss-it image was cheekily inserted by Ubisoft Singapore 's development team . “ It 's really well-hidden , so it 's up to the player to find out ! ” said Sylviane Bahr , head of communications for the French gaming company 's Singapore office .
Assassin 's Creed III 's Connor drops by The Art Behind The Game exhibition . ( Photo : Mayo Martin )
But Singapore 's contribution to one of the world 's biggest video game franchises goes beyond an Easter egg . A new exhibition is showcasing artwork from the game that was done right here .
The Art Behind The Game – The Ubisoft Experience offers a behind-the-scenes look at the creative process behind Assassin 's Creed , which follows the battle between the Assassins and the Templars across history . Shifting more than 100 million units worldwide , it is Ubisoft 's biggest title . A movie spin-off starring Michael Fassbender was released last year .
A selection of works from Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag by Ubisoft Singapore 's Kobe Sek Yong Kai and Yong Jin Teo . ( Photo : Mayo Martin )
Comprising about 250 sketches , drawings and digital paintings , as well as sound design demo videos , the show is part of the ongoing Voilah ! French Festival Singapore and runs until May 25 at the National Design Centre .
While the exhibition features art from the company 's other studios , as well as a brief look at its history of producing blockbuster titles such as Prince Of Persia , there is a special focus on Ubisoft Singapore .
And fittingly enough for the island-state , much of it has to do with conjuring naval and maritime scenes , particularly for the 2013 Black Flag game , which is set in the Carribbean .
“ Creating ocean scenes and naval battles was what put Singapore on the map of Assassin 's Creed , ” said Bahr .
An artwork from Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag by Yong Jin Teo from Ubisoft Singapore . ( Photo : Mayo Martin )
Ubisoft Singapore has been involved in the Assassin 's Creed franchise since the second instalment .
“ But the breakthrough was in 2012 when we created the naval battles for Assassin 's Creed III . It was the first time to have naval battle gameplay in the game . Then for Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag , the naval battle became the whole game , ” said Bahr , who added it was the Singapore team that created the gameplay demo of Black Flag that was presented at the E3 video game trade fair in Los Angeles .
Among the works on display are digitally rendered paintings of pirate ship scenes from Ubisoft Singapore artists Yong Jin Teo and Kobe Sek Yong Kai , who is also an art director .
A sketchbook featuring Sek 's preliminary sketches , done during their commute to work , is also on display . As part of the exhibition , they will be holding a workshop and speed-drawing session on Apr 20 , 6.30pm , at the exhibition space .
Assassin 's Creed 's colourful characters get their own `` portrait gallery '' . ( Photo : Mayo Martin )
Aside from images , the Singapore office also played an important role in the sound design for Black Flag , from whale noises to underwater thrashing shark sounds . Some were done in a pool right here in Singapore . “ It took us months to find that right pool , ” quipped Bahr .
Designed to mimic the gaming experience of discovery and Assassin 's Creed 's real-life environment , the exhibition also shows how many of the images were based on real places , such as Havana , said Yann Follain of Wy-To , which designed the space .
There is also a special section featuring weapons and characters from the game that was set up to look like a classic portrait gallery at a museum .
“ Assassin 's Creed is embedded in geographical and historical research , and in reality . That 's what people like about the game . ”
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) – When grandmother Helen answered their telephone , recently , a man calling themselves “ Andrew ” and claiming to be a lawyer put a woman on the phone who sounded just like Helen 's granddaughter , “ She was just trying to tell me the trouble they were in , ” Helen recalled , “ I was so convinced of that . ”
In a matter of few hours the call would cost Helen , a suburban grandmother dearly , and they wanted to share their ordeal with News 4 viewers , so they contacted Call 4 Action .
The woman made Helen swear not to tell anyone , and reluctantly they did . That 's when the man posing as a lawyer gave Helen instructions to go to a nearby Walmart and buy 5 $ 1,000 gift cards . Helen said as went through with the gift card purchase , the Walmart employees suspected it was a scam , and were trying to help them out of it , but they did n't tell the staffers the real reason they were buying the cards .
“ They asked me all these question and there was not one person–they were calling each other , I think , to back them up . ”
When “ Andrew ” the lawyer called back , they gave them the serial numbers for all 5 gift cards , the last time they talked to Andrew , and the last time they would see that $ 5,000 . “ I know I will never get the money back , either , and I accept that , but I would like them to be arrested . ”
Not much chance of the scammers getting caught , either . Helen 's son-in-law , Mark , call the Erie County Sheriff 's office to report the ripoff , and Walmart reported the $ 5,000 was spent quickly at various Walmarts in the Cleveland area .
“ There was not a lot Walmart could do , ” Mark learned because the gift cards were purchased legally , “ and the money was spent quickly before they could be traced . ”
Authorities call this kind of con game the “ Grandparent Scam ” because crooks know grandparents have a special bond with their grandchildren , often to the exclusion of the parents .
Helen knows they made a number of mistakes , but that voice at the other end of the phone line sounded so much like their granddaughter , they were convinced they were in trouble , “ I was back and forth in my mind–it is all about that they were hurt . ”
Helen called their actual granddaughter to confirm the caller was her , but their granddaughter did not answer the phone , and their voicemail box was full at the time .
There are other ways of avoiding a Grandparent Scam , such as asking questions that only the grandchild would know . The Better Business Bureau Upstate has other tips to catch a scammer , and how to report a scam to the BBB to the BBB 's Scam Tracker .
8 of 8
Are they going to be okay ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below . We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at ( 866 ) ON-RADAR ( 667-2327 ) any time , day or night .
Photo credit : BACKGRID
PM Nawaz Sharif is the constitutionally elected PM of Pakistan and a seasoned politician who should be conversant with letter and spirit of the constitution , whose oath they have taken to uphold and protect .
The threatening posture and tone of some their supporters , ever since Supreme Court started hearing Panama Case is doing more harm to them than the scathing criticism done by their vocal opposition .
With loyalists like Nehal Hashmi , Daniyal Aziz , Abid Sher or the duo set of Khawaja ministers in their cabinet , PM Nawaz does not need their enemies to inflict harm and taint their image .
What purpose do these statements serve other than giving credence to Justice Asif Saeed Khosa 's judgement and their reference to Mario Puzo 's Godfather ?
No individual is indispensable and proof of this lies in the billions that lie buried in graveyards .
Change of individuals in role of leadership is an inbuilt part of democracy and when time comes , one must bow out with grace .
ALI MALIK T ,
Lahore , May 31 .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
5 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Tensions on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea 's president said resolving Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and key U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war with North Korea .
SEOUL/BEIJING : Tensions on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea 's president said resolving Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and key U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war with North Korea .
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has underpinned a spike in tensions in recent months .
U.S. President Donald Trump warned at the weekend that the U.S. military was `` locked and loaded '' if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening last week to land missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam .
`` There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula . Whatever ups and downs we face , the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully , '' South Korean President Moon Jae-in told a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers .
`` I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours , '' they said .
While backing Trump 's tough talk , U.S. officials including National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster played down the risk on Sunday of the rhetoric escalating into conflict .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` I think we 're not closer to war than a week ago , but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago , '' McMaster told ABC News ' `` This Week '' .
U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un might well conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of a nuclear war was overstating the risk .
`` I 've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we 're in that place today , '' Pompeo told `` Fox News Sunday '' .
Asian stocks rallied on Monday as investors took heart from the less bellicose rhetoric .
However , North Korea reiterated its threats , with its official KCNA news agency saying `` war can not be blocked by any power if sparks fly due to a small , random incident that was unintentional '' .
`` Any second Korean War would have no choice but to spread into a nuclear war , '' it said in a commentary on Monday .
MISSILE DOUBTS
South Korean Vice Defence Minister Suh Choo-suk agreed North Korea was likely to continue provocations , including nuclear tests , but did not see a big risk of the North engaging in actual military conflict .
Suh again highlighted doubts about North Korea 's claims about its military capability .
`` Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms , '' Suh said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show .
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce , not a peace treaty .
Tension in the region has risen since North Korea carried out two nuclear bomb tests last year and two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July , tests that the North often conducts to coincide with important national dates .
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan 's expulsion from the Korean peninsula , a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South . Moon and Kim , who has not been seen publicly for several days , are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarised border .
Trump has urged China , the North 's main ally and trading partner , to do more to rein in its neighbour , often linking Beijing 's efforts to comments around U.S.-China trade . China strenuously rejects linking the two issues .
Trump will issue an order later on Monday to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force U.S. firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property , senior administration officials said on Saturday .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said that China has said many times the essence of China-U.S. trade and business ties is mutual benefit and that there is no future in any trade war between China and the United States .
`` There would be no winners ; both would lose , '' they told a daily news briefing , adding China has always paid great attention to protecting intellectual property rights and cracked down on those who infringe upon them .
`` The ( Korean ) peninsula issue and trade and business issues are in a different category from each other , '' Hua added . `` On these two issues China and the United States should respect each other and increase cooperation . Using one issue as a tool for exerting pressure on another is clearly inappropriate . ''
China 's official China Daily said such an investigation would poison the relationship between the two countries .
`` By trying to incriminate Beijing as an accomplice in ( North Korea 's ) nuclear adventure and blame it for a failure that is essentially a failure of all stakeholders , Trump risks making the serious mistake of splitting up the international coalition that is the means to resolve the issue peacefully , '' it said .
`` Hopefully Trump will find another path . Things will become even more difficult if Beijing and Washington are pitted against each other . ''
( Writing by Lincoln Feast ; Editing by Paul Tait and Raju Gopalakrishnan )
The Marvel Cinematic Universe has propelled the Marvel brand forward for the last decade or so , and they were able to do so without the help of everyone 's favorite web slinger until very recently . It was n't until Tom Holland showed up as Spider-Man in Captain America : Civil War last year that the character was featured in an MCU movie . As has always been the case on screen , Spidey was slinging webs from their wrists . But what if Spider-Man were anatomically correct ? Well , that would mean Spider-Man would be shooting webs from their butt and now , like it or not , we know what that would look like .
Corridor Digital recently uploaded a new video to their YouTube channel that features a completely different take on Spider-Man . In the video , we see a very familiar tale of a nerdy young guy who gets bit by a radioactive spider and is given superhuman abilities . The difference ? Much like an actual spider , they are able to shoot webs from their butt , as opposed to their wrists . Aside from being noticeably inconvenient , it is much less cool , aesthetically speaking , and a little off-putting . That said , the video is also really funny and surprisingly well made for something that is really crass and lowbrow .
Going all the way back to their debut in Marvel comics in the 60s , Spider-Man has always had the ability to shoot webs from their wrists and it is a stable of their character . Spiders can shoot webs , so it makes total sense that a superhero named Spider-Man would be able to do so as well . But after seeing this video , we should probably all be thanking Stan Lee for not going with a more anatomically correct approach . Outside of the truly bizarre and unsettling vibes that result from Spidey shooting webs from their rear , it is also made fairly clear in the video that their web-slinging abilities would n't be quite as versatile or easy to use , when compared to the more traditional and canonized depiction of wrist-based web shooters .
It is also probably worth noting that , traditionally , Spider-Man was not actually given the ability to shoot webs after being bitten by the radioactive spider . Peter Parker , being the genius that they are , actually invented the webbing and the devices that shoot the webbing in order to enhance their superpowers . However , in Sam Raimi 's Spider-Man trilogy , the character was given their web-slinging abilities as part of the spider bite . So , in most iterations of the character , including Tom Holland 's version that will appear in Spider-Man : Homecoming this year , the anatomically correct webbing would n't be an issue . That is , unless Tony Stark or Peter Parker decided making such a web device would be a good idea , which probably would n't ever happen .
Comic book readers and lovers of superhero movies have always had to suspend a certain amount of disbelief in order to enjoy the things they love . That is just part of the deal . But this video , if anything , proves that there is probably a limit to the amount of disbelief that one can suspend in order to love something like Spider-Man . Be sure to check out the video for yourself .
BLOOMINGTON , Minn. – It 's a dizzying blur of player-and-coach access reporters get from Monday through Thursday during Super Bowl week . Some of the best leftover quotes and quips I found in my digital audio recorder :
Bill Belichick , curmudgeonly Patriots head coach and proud Luddite , when asked if he 'd seen any segments of Tom Brady 's life-at-home documentary posted at Facebook : “ No , I do n't have SnapFace . ”
, curmudgeonly Patriots head coach and proud Luddite , when asked if he 'd seen any segments of Tom Brady 's life-at-home documentary posted at Facebook : “ No , I do n't have SnapFace. ” Brandon Graham , ever-smiling Eagles defensive end , on where Eli Manning ranks among NFC East starting QBs : “ I 'd say three … No , they might be fourth. ” This was before the Washington Redskins arranged to acquire Alex Smith via trade .
, ever-smiling Eagles defensive end , on where Eli Manning ranks among NFC East starting QBs : “ I 'd say three … No , they might be fourth. ” This was before the Washington Redskins arranged to acquire Alex Smith via trade . Cris Collinsworth , ex-Cincinnati Bengals WR and NBC game analyst , on how often they think about losing two close Super Bowls to Joe Montana and the San Francisco 49ers in the 1980s : “ Only every day of my life . ”
, ex-Cincinnati Bengals WR and NBC game analyst , on how often they think about losing two close Super Bowls to Joe Montana and the San Francisco 49ers in the 1980s : “ Only every day of my life. ” Josh McDaniels , Patriots offensive coordinator and Indianapolis Colts head-coach-in-waiting , on the necessity of adjusting schemes to fit players : “ We could all sit here and draw up a lot of pretty-looking plays , but the guys who win plays are the players . So if you 're putting together some play or plan that they ca n't execute , it 's a bad play , or a bad plan . The biggest thing you have to learn is what your players do well , and how can you keep putting them in positions to do those things over , and over , and over again ? ”
, Patriots offensive coordinator and Indianapolis Colts head-coach-in-waiting , on the necessity of adjusting schemes to fit players : “ We could all sit here and draw up a lot of pretty-looking plays , but the guys who win plays are the players . So if you 're putting together some play or plan that they ca n't execute , it 's a bad play , or a bad plan . The biggest thing you have to learn is what your players do well , and how can you keep putting them in positions to do those things over , and over , and over again ? ” Fletcher Cox , Eagles defensive tackle , on which rule he 'd like to see eliminated : “ Defensive holding on defensive linemen . That 's rule 's GOT TA GO . I do n't know how you would get a holding penalty on a defensive lineman ! I got one this year , by the way . That 's why I 'm fired up about it . ”
, Eagles defensive tackle , on which rule he 'd like to see eliminated : “ Defensive holding on defensive linemen . That 's rule 's GOT TA GO . I do n't know how you would get a holding penalty on a defensive lineman ! I got one this year , by the way . That 's why I 'm fired up about it. ” Matthew Slater , Patriots special-teams ace and backup WR , on how the game might change if the complete-the-catch-to-the-ground rule were eliminated : “ That 's tough to say … I 'm sure there are some fans that are glad the rule is the way it is right now , and there are some that are n't … It would be nice to have just some clarity on that rule where we know when that 's a catch , and that 's not a catch . Right now there 's a lot of grey area because of the way that that rule is worded . ”
, Patriots special-teams ace and backup WR , on how the game might change if the complete-the-catch-to-the-ground rule were eliminated : “ That 's tough to say … I 'm sure there are some fans that are glad the rule is the way it is right now , and there are some that are n't … It would be nice to have just some clarity on that rule where we know when that 's a catch , and that 's not a catch . Right now there 's a lot of grey area because of the way that that rule is worded. ” Howie Roseman , Eagles GM , when bold player acquisitions do n't work out : “ The hard part is accepting that you 're going to have some failure . But you have to have your good decisions WAY outweigh your bad ones … And when you make those bad decisions , research the heck out of it so you do n't do it again . ”
, Eagles GM , when bold player acquisitions do n't work out : “ The hard part is accepting that you 're going to have some failure . But you have to have your good decisions WAY outweigh your bad ones … And when you make those bad decisions , research the heck out of it so you do n't do it again. ” Belichick , with eyes rolling in appropriate disgust , when asked at a news conference by some radio fanboy if the coach could supply four Super Bowl LII tickets to him , at cost : “ I 'll put you on the list , yeah . On the 50 , right ? Yeah , gotcha . ”
When the Syrian government dropped what the U.S. says were chemical munitions this month in the northwestern province of Idlib , it was targeting a rebel bastion that it helped create .
For months , the Russian-backed Syrian army had been recapturing Aleppo and other major cities — and giving the defeated rebel fighters safe passage to the province .
Through reconciliation deals , roughly 31,000 rebels and 75,000 of their relatives and other civilians have wound up there . Idlib became the main bastion of resistance to President Bashar Assad .
The province has also been a top destination among the millions of people who have been displaced in the civil war , with the United Nations estimating that at least 110,000 people fleeing violence elsewhere in the country came to Idlib in recent months .
Opposition groups say the alleged chemical attack , which reportedly killed more than 80 people , is part of an all-out attempt by the government to wipe out its opponents now that so many are in the same place .
It followed months of bombardments by Syrian and Russian warplanes and helicopters , including nearly 1,000 strikes last month , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a pro-opposition group that monitors the conflict .
“ There 's been a major escalation here this year since the fall of Aleppo , ” said Dhayf Allah Murr , a member of the pro-opposition local council in the village of Um Jalal , roughly 30 miles south of Idlib city . “ We 're being struck day and night . ”
“ The skies are never empty . One aircraft leaves , and another comes right after . ”
The U.S. government also considers Idlib a problem in that so many extremists are congregated there . In February , a U.S. missile killed Abu Khayr Masri , reported to be Al Qaeda 's second in command there .
The province of verdant farmlands and an estimated 1.8 million people — the vast majority of them Sunni Muslim — had been marginalized for decades by governments in Damascus , including that of Assad , whose Alawite sect is related to Shiite Islam .
When the uprisings against Assad began in 2011 , people in Idlib were quick to join .
“ Idlib is emblematic of the type of rural , conservative , Sunni Arab regions that have been the engine of the uprising , ” Aron Lund , a fellow with the Century Foundation think tank , wrote in a report last year . “ In these areas , the population is largely hostile to the army , and the rebellion has local roots that are , very often , much stronger than those of the government . ”
In 2015 , nearly the entire province fell to a coalition of hard-line Islamist groups that proceeded to destroy the buildings , statues , murals and other vestiges of Assad 's Baath Party there .
Idlib became a base for some of the president 's most implacable — and effective — adversaries , including Ahrar al Sham , one of the largest jihadi factions in the country , and the Organization for the Liberation of Syria , a former Al Qaeda affiliate once known as the Nusra Front .
To the frustration of the Syrian government , munitions and other materials to fight Assad flow directly into Idlib across the border with neighboring Turkey .
Control of the Bab al Hawa crossing has also been an important source of income for the rebels , generating up to $ 4.8 million a month in customs payments for Ahrar al Sham , according to the Aleppo Project research group .
That income has allowed the jihadists to work toward creating a quasi-state , commandeering or cooperating with local councils to maintain government services and impose elements of Islamic law , such as restrictions on what women can wear .
Rebels have also gained influence among the population in Idlib by controlling the the distribution of humanitarian aid from the United Nations and other groups .
With Idlib as their base , jihadist groups last month launched an offensive on the neighboring province of Hama — an advance that the U.S. says pushed the Syrian government to deploy chemical weapons .
The rebels have also continued to threaten Aleppo and Latakia , the Mediterranean coastal region that is the heartland of government support .
There were signs that the Syrian government was also planning to push back .
Assad , who regularly insists that their forces will “ liberate every inch of the country , ” said in an interview last year with the Russian newspaper Komsomolskaya that Idlib 's position near Turkey meant : “ You can not cut . You have to clean . ”
“ You have to keep cleaning this area and to push the terrorists to Turkey to go back to where they come from , or to kill them , ” they said . “ There 's no other option . ”
And Ali Haidar , who as the minister of reconciliation was responsible for crafting the local truces that sent rebel fighters to Idlib , said in an interview with Reuters this year that “ Idlib is one of the coming hot areas . ”
Unless there were an international deal to diffuse the situation , the government planned “ open battle ” with the rebels there , they said .
Still , the government can afford to let the rebels linger awhile longer in Idlib , Lund said .
Syrian government forces “ besieged the areas they really need to clear out — basically the big cities and the central territories , the places where the war will be won or lost , which is not Idlib . ”
Bulos is a special correspondent .
SEOUL - The half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un has been assassinated in Malaysia , South Korean media reported Tuesday , with one TV station saying they were attacked at the main airport with poisoned needles .
Officials in Seoul could not be reached for comment on the reported death of Kim Jong-Nam . Malaysian police said an unidentified Korean had been taken sick at Kuala Lumpur International Airport and since died .
If confirmed , Kim 's case would be the highest-profile death under the Kim Jong-Un regime since the execution of the leader 's uncle Jang Song-Thaek in December 2013 . Kim Jong-Un has been trying to strengthen their grip on power in the face of growing international pressure over North Korea 's nuclear and missile programmes .
The latest missile launch on Sunday brought UN Security Council condemnation .
South Korea 's national news agency Yonhap quoted a Seoul government source as saying Kim Jong-Nam was killed on Monday . The source gave no further details . The 45-year-old was poisoned by two unidentified female agents using poisoned needles at an airport in Kuala Lumpur , according to South Korean broadcaster TV Chosun .
The report , citing what it called multiple government sources , said the two women hailed a cab and fled immediately afterwards . In Malaysia , the police chief in charge of Kuala Lumpur International Airport , Assistant Commissioner Abdul Aziz Ali , told AFP a Korean in their forties was found sick at the airport on Monday .
Airport authorities rushed them to the hospital and they died on the way , the police chief said .
`` We do not have any other details of this Korean man . We do not know their identity , '' Abdul said . Kim Jong-Nam was once considered heir apparent but fell out of favour with their father Kim Jong-Il following an embarrassing botched attempt in 2001 to enter Japan on a forged passport and visit Disneyland . They have since lived in virtual exile , mainly in the Chinese territory of Macau .
Jong-Nam 's half-brother Jong-Un took over as North Korean leader when their father died in December 2011 . Jong-Nam , known as an advocate of reform in the North , once told a Japanese newspaper that they opposed their country 's dynastic power transfers .
They were reportedly close to their uncle Jang Song-Thaek , once the North 's unofficial number two and political mentor of the current leader . Jong-Nam has been targeted in the past .
In October 2012 South Korean prosecutors said a North Korean detained as a spy had admitted involvement in a plot to stage a hit-and-run car accident in China in 2010 targeting Kim Jong-Nam .
In 2014 Jong-Nam was reported to be in Indonesia -- sighted at an Italian restaurant run by a Japanese business person in Jakarta -- and was said to be shuttling back and forth between Singapore , Indonesia , Malaysia and France . In 2012 a Moscow newspaper reported that Jong-Nam was having financial problems after being cut off by the Stalinist state for doubting its succession policy . The Argumenty i Fakty weekly said they were kicked out of a luxury hotel in Macau over a $ 15,000 debt .
Last year South Korea warned of possible North Korean assassination attempts on its territory . It noted previous attempts to assassinate Hwang Jang-Yop , the North 's chief ideologue and former tutor to Kim Jong-Il , who defected to the South in 1997 and died of natural causes in 2010 . Jong-Nam was born from their father 's extra-marital relationship with Sung Hae-rim , a South Korean-born actor who died in Moscow .
He 's back in the saddle again — or rather , the saddle shop where Matt Wassam and wife , Lesley , are fulfilling a longtime dream . On May 1 , 2017 , the couple joined Kim and Laurie Haarberg as co-owners of the Colorado Saddlery in Golden , Colo. A deep cluster of Wassam 's personal and family roots transplanted them into their new venture .
As a 15-year-old boy , Wassam reckoned they wanted a ranch saddle like the one their dad rode . To earn the $ 700 for the fancy leather beauty , they diligently worked at starting colts for John Nelson in Morrison , Colo. Their time spent being bumped and bruised atop frisky , green horses was lessened by their parents ' agreement to match any funds the high-schooler earned .
The now 42-year-old former pipeline contracting employee still has that Colorado Saddlery saddle he 's owned , used and loved since 1990 .
Throughout their college years of 1993 through 1998 , Wassam stayed in their good saddle while cowboying at Lidner Ranch in Durango , Colo. and Bermuda Hill Farms in Orlando , Okla . Following graduation , they spent two years riding it in Dubois , Idaho , for Medicine Lodge Ranch .
There are absolutely no gaudy rhinestones to be found in Wassam 's cowboy lineage . Both their parents , Corky and Carol Wassam , descend from Colorado homesteaders in Longmont and Tructon , Colo. , ( east of Calhan ) . Paternal great , great-grandfather , John Hugo Anderson , farmed and ranched in Longmont .
They registered their brand in Boulder County in 1880 , before the Brand Commission was even established .
Like their abiding Western values , Wassam has never needed to replace their saddle .
`` It fits a horse well and has held up to a lot of abuse , '' they said .
SADDLEMAKERS
Its durability lies in the craftsmanship of four young saddlemakers who 'd learned leather-working skills at the world-famous HH Heiser Saddle Company . Their teachers were men who 'd rode the open range and moved cattle herds north into Colorado . In 1945 , and after Heiser closed up shop , the budding apprentices founded Colorado Saddlery to continue the former brand 's heritage , quality and price .
Beginning as a downtown Denver store , it was soon drawing customers from every part of the region . Colorado Saddlery has been a shopping destination for horse owners , cattle ranchers and other Western aficionados for more than 70 years .
Wassam recalled that Ivo Shults , grandfather of friend Todd Shults , was among all those countless cowboys who , for decades , bought every piece of their tack there . One day in 1948 , Ivo mounted up to drive a herd from Meeker to Rifle , Colo . They loaded their steers onto a Denver-bound cattle train and rode right along with them to the Mile-High City . After studying an enticing , eye-popping inventory , Shults proudly picked out their new saddle and carried it with them on the return train to Rifle . The following morning they rode another train for two more days back to Meeker . Yes , Colorado Saddlery certainly was a destination then and , for Wassam , the company has always been in their blood as much as is the cowboy way of life . It was only a matter of time until they chose it as their corporate destination .
STORE AND ONLINE
Colorado Saddlery maintains not only a massive brick and mortar outlet for 21st century customers , but also offers a worldwide online presence ( www.coloradosaddlery.com ) , plus overseas wholesale buyers and stores for its fine saddles and other equipment made in Colorado . This versatility allows horse owners in Germany , Sweden , Russia , Italy and elsewhere to easily obtain the same top-quality merchandise that American cowboys have long depended upon . Wassam reported that one of those faithful U.S. customers was actor John Wayne , who rode Colorado Saddlery saddles in many of their movies , including `` True Grit . ''
The brand 's Colorado Outlet Store in Golden offers more than 2,500 items to the general public . Saddles are displayed on modern racks , while bits , spurs , pack equipment , lariats , cinches and more line ubiquitous , vintage wooden bins that once graced the original Denver store .
Wassam noted that while heritage is a huge part of their business model , technology is carrying it into and beyond our current era to assure patrons the best of both worlds . For example , Colorado Saddlery has partnered with McCall Saddles of Vernal , Utah , to produce a new line called Colorado-McCall Saddles . Kevlar reinforcement makes them wonderfully lightweight yet strong .
`` We have also updated our Colorado Mountain saddles ( the ultimate for trail riding ) and pack gear , '' Wassam said .
They advised that the bounty of saddles to choose from in the outlet store ( now also open Saturdays from
9 a.m.-5 p.m. ) assures most people will immediately find what they 're looking for . That wide variety of inventory includes mountain , pack , cowboy , barrel racing , kids ' , pony , natural ride , McCall , and lightweight trail saddles .
`` Colorado Saddlery , at 13,000 square feet , is the largest tack store in the Mountain West , '' Wassam said .
People desiring a custom saddle need only provide specs or bring their horse to the store for measurements . Turn around time is usually 4-8 weeks on custom orders .
Upbeat and excited about their new association with Colorado Saddlery , Wassam said , `` Being in business with amazing people like Kim and Laurie Haarberg is a dream for Lesley and me . The employees of Colorado Saddlery are first class . Some have been here for over 30 years and are true professionals . Colorado Saddlery is built on a foundation of integrity . We have a 74-year-old 'Handshake Guarantee ' that is still going strong . It means we do business the old-fashioned way . My goal is to continue Colorado Saddlery 's traditions while modernizing the designs and fashions in horse tack , saddles and equipment . ''
When Wassam is n't at the saddlery he 's in the saddle , usually competing at team roping events .
Nephews Zach , 11 , and Hayden , 9 , take turns riding their uncle 's original old saddle , which they still treasure . They and Lesley have three Quarter Horses and raise cattle , as well as a daughter , Addie , age 4 , and 2-year-old son Grady .
— Metzger is a feelance writer and can be reached at ponytime47 @ gmail.com .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An admin error left Jeremy Corbyn on the hook to pay more than £6,000 of tax in one go , their office has revealed .
The discrepancy - which aides insist was picked up in time and paid in full - emerged in Mr Corbyn 's tax return , which they published today .
It 's the third year in a row Mr Corbyn has released their tax return to the public , unlike Tory Chancellor Philip Hammond who refuses to do so .
Unlike in previous years , when they were fined £100 for missing HMRC 's deadline , Labour 's leader now has an accountant to sort their affairs .
The return sent to HM Revenue and Customs shows Mr Corbyn earned £136,762 in the 2016/17 tax year , including from two pensions , and paid £48,079.80 in income tax .
But it also shows £6,179.80 of that tax had to be paid in one ago after the end of the year because of the error .
A source said Mr Corbyn was on the wrong tax code , which meant they were paying too little tax on £78,679 salary as an MP , and their £49,191 pay for being Labour leader .
`` At source they were placed on the wrong tax code , which miscalculated the personal allowance , '' the source said .
Mr Corbyn had paid £13,276 of pay-as-you-earn tax on their leader 's salary and £27,662 on their MP 's salary .
MPs ' salaries are paid by expenses watchdog IPSA , and the error appears to have been spotted by Mr Corbyn 's accountant .
Mr Corbyn , 68 , also received £6,464 in state pension and a Unison union pension of £2,405 , on which they paid £962 in tax .
Despite earning an MP 's salary for 35 years , they appear to have almost no savings - earning just £6 of interest on them in the whole year .
( Image : PA )
The Labour leader 's team refuse to say what they spend their money on , saying it 's a private matter .
Their office said they have no stocks or shares , benefits from no trust funds and did not receive any income from property .
A good chunk of their income went on charity donations , because they racked up £890 of Gift Aid contributions over the year .
Mr Corbyn said : `` Tax avoidance and evasion deprive our public services of tens of billions of pounds every year and will only be tackled if we have the political will to do it .
`` We can not expect the public to trust us as party leaders , if we are not prepared to be open and honest about our own tax arrangements . ”
Labour also published Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell 's tax return .
( Image : World Economic Forum )
They were paid dividends from small savings he 's got in a credit union that they helped to found in their constituency in 2016/17 - to a grand total of £15 .
In total Mr McDonnell earned £87,353 and paid £24,099.20 in tax .
They made £68,390 as an MP after pension contributions , on which they paid £18,110 in tax .
They also earned £4,348 in state pension and £14,600 in pension from Westminster City Council Pensioners , on which they paid £5,840 tax .
Mr McDonnell then paid £149.20 in self-assessed tax on top .
They said : “ It is right that people in high office are subject to a high degree of scrutiny and I call on the Prime Minister and Chancellor to follow suit and publish their tax returns in full . ''
Top Tories have refused to publish their tax returns .
Theresa May and now-Commons leader Andrea Leadsom published theirs during the the 2016 Conservative leadership contest .
Mrs May paid £40,023 in income tax in 2014/15 . They earned £112,426 as an MP and Home Secretary and a further £6,036 in interest and dividends .
But Chancellor Philip Hammond has refused to publish theirs return .
They said last year : `` My tax affairs are all perfectly regular and up to date.But this demonstration politics is n't helping to create a better atmosphere in British politics . ''
This article originally said John McDonnell had a small number of `` stocks and shares '' . We are happy to clarify that in fact their dividends are from a small amount of savings in a credit union they helped to found .
Deputy Governor of Imo , Eze Madumere , said they would pursue their governorship ambition to a logical conclusion in spite of opposition from the governor , Chief Rochas Okorocha .
In a statement by Uche Onwuchekwa , their media aide , Madumere said that no amount of opposition from the governor would make them to lose sight of the ambition .
They said : “ God is the giver of power and decider of destiny and no man born of a woman can stop my ambition .
“ I think that from the wealth of my experience as a seasoned administrator both in public and private sectors , I am the most qualified to take Imo state to the next level . ''
Madumere , however , revealed that the “ greatest opposition '' to their ambition was from people they nurtured politically .
They said they were betrayed by people they brought into politics , but stressed that no level of betrayal or sabotage could stop them from the governorship race .
Okorocha had some weeks ago announced in the state that their son in-law and current Chief of Staff to him , Uche Nwosu , would succeed them as governor in 2019 .
Guwahati : Reliance Industries chairperson Mukesh Ambani on Saturday announced an investment of Rs 2,500 crore in Assam in various sectors , including retail , petroleum , telecom , tourism and sports , creating jobs for at least 80,000 people over the next three years .
`` Today I am happy to announce five commitments for Assam over the next three years . Reliance will invest an additional Rs 2,500 crore to augment its presence in this
market , '' they said at the inaugural function of the Global Investors Summit 2018 in Guwahati .
Under this programme , the company will enhance its retail division 's outlet to 40 from existing two , while the number of petrol depots will be increased to 165 from the
existing 27 , they added .
`` We are also going to open new offices in all 145 tehsil headquarters across Assam . Our approach has always been to create sustainable livelihood opportunities and have
generated 20,000 jobs in Assam , '' Ambani said .
Assam has always been a low priority market for other telecom operators , but it is a 'Category A ' market for Reliance , they added .
`` We now target to increase the sustainable livelihood opportunities by five-fold to 1,00,000 jobs , '' Ambani said .
In the tourism sector , the company 's CSR wing Reliance Foundation will partner with Assam government to set up a centre at an university to promote `` wildlife protection and eco-tourism '' , they added .
`` In football , ISL is a huge success in Assam . We have decided to establish a top class football academy in partnership with government of Assam to produce global players from the state , '' Ambani said .
Reliance Industries has become the largest private sector investor in Assam by putting in Rs 5,000 crore over the last few years , they said .
The company 's telecom arm 'Jio ' has over 30 lakh users at present and aims to increase it manifold in the coming months , they added .
Complimenting Assam chief minister Sarbananda Sonowal for organising the 'Advantage Assam - Global Investors Summit 2018 ' , Ambani said : `` Assam 's development potential is limitless . In 50 's , the state was a developed one with its per capital income more than the national average . ''
The Global Investors Summit is happening at an appropriate time with the country also `` rising under the leadership of a very popular Prime Minister Narendra Modi '' ,
whose thrust on 'ease of living ' is touching many other countries , they added .
Ambani also praised prime minister Narendra Modi for their government `` presenting one of the best budgets in recent times '' by focusing on all segments of the society , including the farmers .
This summer marks a major milestone for the North East 's biggest 10k running event .
And Sunderland 's own Aly Dixon joined runners in Gateshead today to launch 2018 's Great North 10k , which takes place on Sunday , July 8 .
The race will celebrate its 10th year this summer - and takes place two months before the iconic Great North Run .
Aly , who recently finished sixth in the Commonwealth Games marathon , was among those sharing their memories of the race at its launch today .
They came second in the Great North 10k in 2014 .
The Sunderland Stroller said : `` I 've taken part in the Simplyhealth Great North 10k before when it 's fit in with my training , it 's pretty close to home and is a good fast run .
This year 's event will take place on Sunday , July 8 .
“ I have always enjoyed the course when I have taken part . It 's also a tough one because you have two little hills on the course .
“ It 's amazing to have another big run on our doorstep and it keeps the North East on the map , which is fantastic . ”
Read more : Eight Great North East half marathons to enter this year
Colin Plews from South Shields , also known as Big Pink Dress , also attended the launch event at Gateshead International Stadium today .
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Great North 10k .
Colin started fundraising in 2014 for Breast Cancer Now while wearing a handmade pink dress . Four years on and thousands of pounds later , the Great North 10k is part of their annual running repertoire .
To commemorate the 10-year anniversary , the runner is creating a special dress that will be designed by schoolchildren from Shields .
They said : “ The Simplyhealth Great North 10k is very special to me as it 's an event I took part in during my very first year of fundraising .
“ It 's one of my home events and the atmosphere is always incredible . I always high five the runners and spectators on the out and back section along the Quayside and everyone is so supportive , from crossing the start line to finishing in the stadium .
“ It 's an amazing atmosphere and a great day out for the family that I look forward to every year .
“ Four years later , the Big Pink Dress is still going strong and I thought it would be a nice way to mark 10 years of the event by asking school children to enter a competition to design a commemorative dress .
“ Myself and three other judges will pick the winning design and I 'll be wearing it in style at the event this year . ”
Read more : Flick through these great pictures from Sunderland 10ks and half marathons
Around 5,000 people take part in the 10k each year . The event will also include the Great North Family Run , a shorter mile-long route for children and their families .
It starts and finishes on the Stadium track .
Kerry Simpson , Communications Manager at the Great Run Company , said : “ Since its first staging in 2009 , the Simplyhealth Great North 10k has grown into one of the most popular events for runners of all abilities in the North East .
“ Every year , 5,000 people make it a must-do event in their running calendar . It 's also the sister event to the Simplyhealth Great North Run and is the perfect training run for the big one in September .
“ We ca n't wait to welcome everyone to Gateshead International Stadium who are all taking part for a variety of different reasons . ”
“ Beauty is just an expression , it has nothing to do with physical features , ” were those magical words that vibrated down my spine while watching the video , ALL ABOUT YOU from Deepika Padukone .
Now my mind was ready to hand over the Department of dressing & styling to my heart . I was so excited to cut my hair short and to reach out to the very dress I had been ignoring for so long . It was all due to the fear of being pointed out that I maintained a distance from my choices . The video has given me immense confidence to be myself .
The video is about three women who answer the question , “ How to look beautiful ? ” in the most cheerful way . The dark-complexioned girl defines beauty as breaking away from the false beauty standards .
The girl with short curly hair tells that the easiest way to look beautiful is to wear whatever you want and to carry it confidently . Fashion is a self-expression that must not be overpowered by others ' suggestions . They have changed the way people look at them instead of changing herself .
The third one defines beauty as an expression . The more you express yourself fearlessly , the more beautiful you become .
Watch the video below :
Nothing matches up the ease and joy of being your own self .
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost . Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC . More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs . Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods , the services you request or are needed to complete the move , and/or on the pricing of each individual mover . Also , certain costs are not reflected in this calculation , for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs .
Oct. 2012 — Majeed Kayhan , 58 , of Toronto , is reported missing .
Nov. 2012 — Police launch Project Houston to investigate the disappearances of three men from the Gay Village , including Kayhan .
Apr . 2014 — Project Houston closed .
Aug. 2015 — Soroush Mahmudi , 50 , reported missing .
May 2016 – July 2017 — Cops say Dean Lisowick , 44 , was murdered by McArthur .
Apr . 14 , 2017 — Selim Esen , 44 , is reported missing .
June 26 , 2017 — Andrew Kinsman , 49 , is reported missing .
Aug. 2017 — Cops launch Project Prism to investigate the disappearances of Esen and Kinsman .
Sept. 2017 — Bruce McArthur named “ as someone to be included or excluded as being involved in the disappearance of Andrew Kinsman . ”
Dec. 8 , 2017 — Police Chief Mark Saunders denies a serial killer is walking the streets of Toronto .
Jan. 17 , 2018 — Cops uncover evidence suggesting McArthur was responsible for both Kinsman and Esen 's deaths , along with the deaths of other unidentified people .
Jan. 18 , 2018 — McArthur is arrested and charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of Esen and Kinsman .
Jan. 29 , 2018 — McArthur is charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of Mahmudi , Kayhan and Lisowick . Cops now say he 's a serial killer .
Jan. 30 , 2018 – The Toronto Sun reports in an exclusive story that cops rescued a young man tied to McArthur 's bed and at that time decided to arrest him .
Jan. 30 , 2018 – Cops say they 're scouring at least 30 properties around the looking for body parts . A property at Mallory Cres . is where they found body parts in planters that McArthur attended .
Jan. 31 , 2018 – A vigil is held in the gay Village for the alleged victims of McArthur .
Airbus sold 56 aircraft and delivered 55 in September to remain in second place behind U.S. rival Boeing in the first nine months of the year , monthly data published by the firm on Friday showed .
PARIS : Airbus sold 56 aircraft and delivered 55 in September to remain in second place behind U.S. rival Boeing in the first nine months of the year , monthly data published by the firm on Friday showed .
September deliveries included 13 of its upgraded A320neo family , hit recently by delays in receiving engines from U.S. supplier Pratt & Whitney . But tarmac at its factories remains choked with undelivered planes waiting for their engines .
Over the first nine months , Airbus delivered 89 of the same fuel-saving model , leaving it with more than 100 to deliver in the final quarter to reach an annual target of 200 .
Over the same period , it also delivered 50 A350 aircraft . Planemaking chief Fabrice Bregier indicated last month that it planned to deliver around 75 A350s for the year as a whole .
Between January and September , Airbus sold 319 aircraft , or 271 after cancellations and conversions , and delivered 454 . It has a published target of 700 deliveries in 2017 , but has told analysts verbally it will deliver 720 .
Boeing took orders for 565 aircraft in the first nine months , or 498 after cancellations . It delivered a nine-month total of 554 aircraft after a busy third quarter .
Advertisement
Advertisement
September 's orders at Airbus included two A330-900neo jets to an undisclosed buyer .
Airbus is preparing the first flight of the upgraded version of its widely sold A330 jet within the next couple of weeks .
( Reporting by Tim Hepher ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
Jury selection begins on Tuesday in a high-profile Halifax case involving a Dalhousie University medical student accused of murdering another student in 2015 .
READ MORE : William Sandeson , charged in Taylor Samson murder , to stand trial
William Sandeson is facing a first-degree murder charge in the death of 22-year-old Taylor Samson of Amherst , N.S .
Sandeson was charged on Aug. 20 , 2015 , four days after Samson was reported missing .
Sandeson , who is originally from Truro , N.S. , is a former varsity track athlete who was supposed to start their medical studies within weeks .
Samson was a physics student at Dalhousie .
Police have not released details about how they believe Samson was killed .
Hundreds of potential jurors are expected to attend this morning at the Halifax Law Courts .
The Oklahoma Highway Patrol says a driver apparently lost control and crashed into a center concrete wall on a Tulsa highway early Thursday .
Troopers found the Nissan Altima abandoned on Interstate-44 near 129th East Avenue just before 2 a.m .
The OHP says it appears the driver lost control on a curve , hit the wall and then ran off .
Troopers do n't know if the driver or anyone else in the car was injured or not .
