Tribute To Biker Killed In Stockbridge Crash
A family 's paid tribute to a biker from Andover , who died in a crash with a car near Stockbridge at the weekend .
They say 61-year-old Andrew Mayer was a devoted family man - and a friend to many .
Andrew , from Fairways , died as a result of the two vehicle collision at the crossroads with the B3420 and Newton Lane , on 30 June .
The collision , which happened at around 1.40pm , involved a blue Hyundai and Mr Mayer 's motorbike .
Today their family have paid tribute to him .
They said :
`` He was a devoted father , son , brother , grandfather , uncle , and friend to many .
`` His family and friends are left devastated by the sudden loss . No words can truly describe how deeply missed they will be . ''
Investigations into the exact circumstances of the collision are ongoing .
Anyone with information about the collision is asked to call us on 101 , quoting 44180244928 .
COCONUT CREEK , Fla. - The Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety commission has 16 members and four ex-officio members .
Here is the list :
COMMISSION CHAIR : Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri
VICTIMS ' FATHERS
Ryan Petty is the father of Alaina Petty . They played an integral role in insuring that the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Act moved through the Florida Legislature .
Andrew Pollack is the father of Meadow Pollack . They have met with local , state , and federal officials after their daughter 's death .
Max Schachter is the father of Alex Schachter . They have advocated for school safety improvements and has urged members of the Florida Legislature to enact effective legislation .
LAW ENFORCEMENT
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement Commissioner Rick Swearingen
Miami Shores Police Department Chief Kevin Lystad
Okaloosa County Sheriff Larry Ashley
Undersheriff for Indian River County James Harpring
Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd
Auburndale Chief Chris Nelson
EDUCATION
Superintendent of Brevard Public Schools Desmond Blackburn
Citrus County School Board member Douglas Dodd
Martin County School Board member Marsha Powers
LEGISLATION
Sen. Lauren Book
MENTAL HEALTH
Centerstone Florida CEO Melissa Larkin-Skinner
LEGAL
Pinellas County Chief Assistant State Attorney Bruce Bartlett
EX-OFFICIO MEMBERS
Florida Department of Education Commissioner Pam Stewart
Florida Department of Children and Families Secretary Mike Carroll
Florida Department of Juvenile Justice Secretary Christina Daly
Florida Agency for Health Care Administration Secretary Justin Senior
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
A civil action against the state is to be launched alongside a criminal prosecution for the killing of a civilian by soldiers .
John Pat Cunningham was killed in a field near their Benburb home in June 1974 . They were 27 but had a mental age of between six and ten .
In 2013 the Historical Enquiries Team ( HET ) said Mr Cunningham 's death was “ an absolute tragedy that should not have happened ” .
It said that there was evidence that they had a fear of soldiers and their uniforms , adding that they were “ unarmed and shot as they were running away from soldiers ” .
Former English soldier Dennis Hutching , 75 has been charged with murder in connection with the killing , prompting much debate .
Yesterday KRW Law , acting on behalf of the Cunningham family , issued a statement noting that then Minister of State for Northern Ireland Andrew Robathan wrote an apology on behalf of the British government to the family in 2013 , quoting the HET conclusions .
Solicitor Rosie Kinnear for KRW said the family fully support the criminal prosecution of Mr Hutching .
“ Another outcome is by way of a civil action against the state agencies responsible for the violation and the subsequent investigation , ” they said .
“ In this instance KRW LAW LLP have issued a Letter of Claim and we plan to issue a writ for negligence , misfeasance in public office , unlawful killing , trespass to the person and a breach of Mr Cunningham 's right to life under Article 2 of the ECHR . ”
The action will be taken against the MOD , the Chief Constable and the Secretary of State .
The apology of the British government indicates the need to pursue the civil action in addition to criminal proceedings , they added .
BRASÍLIA : A Brazilian federal judge on Friday ordered that former president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva 's seized passport be returned .
A lower court judge had ordered Lula — sentenced last week to more than 12 years in prison on graft charges — to surrender their passport on fears that they would seek asylum abroad .
The document was handed over on January 26 just hours before Lula was to board a flight to Ethiopia for a UN Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) conference .
“ There is no way to conclude that ( Lula ) was planning to flee the country ” in order to avoid Brazilian law , Judge Bruno Apolinario wrote in the Friday ruling .
On the contrary , Apolinario wrote , Lula — who is appealing their conviction — clearly showed that the trip “ was justified by a previously scheduled professional commitment . ”
“ Only with great imagination ” could one conclude that Lula was planning to flee the country , the ruling read .
Apolinario 's ruling “ corrects ” the lower court order that violated constitutional guarantees for freedom of movement “ improperly imposed ” on the ex-president , said Lula 's lawyer Cristiano Zanin Martins .
Also on Friday , Lula 's legal team presented a motion to the country 's supreme court to ensure that the fiery left-wing ex-president is not detained , after a lower court rejected a similar appeal earlier in the week .
Lula , who still has a passionate following among Brazilians who remember strides in reducing poverty during their 2003-2010 presidency — retains a strong lead in the polls ahead of presidential elections in October despite their graft conviction .
However , opponents feel just as strongly , blaming the 72-year-old for the economic disarray that followed and for overseeing systemic graft uncovered by prosecutors since 2014 . AFP
AFP/CC
CHARLES CHISALA , Lusaka
THE Daily Mail has lately been publishing articles on the notorious gangs of teenagers that , until recently , had been terrorising Kitwe and the efforts by police to smother them out of existence.Recently , Inspector General of Police Kakoma Kanganja stormed the mining city , reminiscent of a Wild West sheriff , to show the young ‘ terrorists ' that their days are numbered .
Zambia 's top cop drove through the home townships of the Tokota Boys , 100s , 90 Niggas , Sons of the Devil , Ba Mbwambwambwa and other gangs in a show of force .
Accompanied by heavily armed police officers Mr Kanganja had an opportunity to get first-hand information from crime-weary residents , some of who served up some free grassroots consultancy on how to rid the city of the malcontents .
Kitwe has a history of notorious gangs and solo thugs .
Most of the gangs of old were dismantled by hard-working police officers or simply disbanded on their own under pressure .
A number of them fell to police bullets , some were murdered by their own ilk while others crawled into hiding and later silently re-integrated into society after reforming .
In their heyday the mere mention of their names inspired a mixture of fear and resentment .
You will be reading about some of those gangs and solo thugs in the coming days .
Twigee Lee
One of the most notorious thugs to walk the streets of Kitwe was Twigee Lee , an unbelievably violent small fellow who lived in Chamboli township in the 1980s .
They used to live with their grandmother before they went to live with their fellow gangsters .
Also known as ‘ Bon Burrows ' Twigee Lee led a gang of ruthless , dangerous criminals who plied their nefarious trade in the mining townships of Chamboli , Wusakile , the two Miseshis and Mindolo .
They were known for stabbing their victims with knives .
Some of the members of their gang were Ali Zanda , Toronto , Shikalubula , Jack Zindo , Failembo , Kasafa and Bob .
A Kitwe resident who lived in Chamboli at the time Twigee Lee and their fellow thugs were spreading terror in the mine townships recalls that the gang committed horrendous crimes , including rape , robberies , unlawful wounding and kidnappings .
As the leader of the gang Twigee Lee used to wear military-type denims and an American flag headband like Sylvester Stallone , then starring as John Rambo in the First Blood movie series .
The gang was largely inspired by the war and gangster movies shown at the popular – now defunct – Astra Cinema on Matuka Avenue in the city centre .
Rumour had it that Twigee Lee used to periodically rape their grandmother at knife point as a ritual to allegedly ‘ recharge ' their charms on the instructions of a witchdoctor .
It was also rumoured that they had gouged one of their grandmother 's eyes for ritual purposes .
The Daily Mail source said their memories of those days are still fresh .
Their mother used to sell at Chamboli Market then , and when they were not at school or playing with their friends they would accompany them
“ I used to be with my mother in the market . One day in the morning while I was selling salt as an eight-year-old boy , I witnessed a very serious incident .
Twigee Lee and their gang raided the market while wielding knives . They ordered all the marketeers in the shelter to contribute dried fish , kapenta ( lake sardines ) , fresh fish , meat , beans , tomatoes , onions and salt .
No-one dared challenge them because they were very violent . They packed the food they extorted from the hapless marketeers in a sack and disappeared into the bush near Chamboli cemetery .
Twigee Lee and their friends cooked the food in stolen pots . It was a big feast . To wash it down , they went into a tavern and grabbed all the chibuku beer miners were drinking , which they put in containers and returned to the bush for a big drinking party , ” the source said in an interview in Kitwe recently .
They said sometimes , the gang would seize illicit spirits called kachasu from traders coming from Chandamali and Malembeka and traditional liquor – katubi , katata , imbote – from shebeens and drink it in the bush .
Twigee Lee and their minions loved patronising drinking places , their favourites being J Bala Bar or J Bar , where they would grab beer from patrons and cigarettes from mishanga boys ( illegal cigarette sellers ) .
Patrons would voluntarily surrender their beer to the gang to avoid trouble .
“ They would just come where you were drinking and take all your beer without a word . If you asked any question they would beat you to pulp or even stab you with knives and leave , ” the former Chambolian said .
There were also criminal groups in Wusakile . Each bar had its own gang such as C3 Bar , C5 Bar in Wusakile and Mushipi Tavern in Chamboli .
When these gangs met at the same bar there would be bloody fights , often with knives .
Twigee Lee and their gang actively participated in the 1986 food riots that rocked Kitwe as the UNIP government struggled to implement IMF-prescribed austerity measures in an attempt to breathe some life into the then ‘ gasping ' economy .
When the government unleashed the feared commandos from Mushili Barracks in Ndola , popularly known as Ba Red Beret , in reference to their trademark maroon coloured berets , belts and lanyards , the gangsters went into hiding in the bush .
They only returned to Chamboli after the commandos had left .
The thugs used to move in a group with Twigee Lee in the middle .
If you did not give way for them , they would stop you and force you to pay homage to Twigee Lee as if they were some royalty .
A resident of New Ndeke recounted how they escaped an attack as a stranger when they failed to run away at the sight of Twigee Lee and their boys .
“ I did not know it was him . They forgave me and let me go because I was new in Wusakile , but stabbed my younger brother in the leg with a screw driver , ” they said .
At the mere mention of their name residents would shiver .
It was baffling how such a small person , who could not win any straight fist fight , would command servile loyalty from over a dozen huge , muscular youths and men .
In the next article read about Twigee Lee 's downfall .
charles_chisala @ yahoo.com
Amazon.com is almost certain to enter the business of selling prescription drugs by 2019 , said two analysts at Leerink Partners , posing a direct threat to the US 's biggest brick-and-mortar drugstore chains .
`` It 's a matter of when , not if , '' Leerink Partners analyst David Larsen said in a report to clients late Thursday . `` We expect an announcement within the next 1-2 years . ''
Amazon has a long standing interest in prescription drugs , an industry with multiple middlemen , long supply chains and opaque pricing . In the 1990s , it invested in startup Drugstore.com and Amazon Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos sat on the board . Walgreens eventually purchased the site and shuttered it last year to focus on its own branded website Walgreens.com .
Leerink 's calls with industry experts suggest that Amazon `` is in active discussions '' with mid-size pharmacy benefit managers and possibly larger player such as Prime Therapeutics , Larsen 's colleague , Ana Gupte , wrote in a separate report Friday .
Advertisement
Representatives for Amazon did n't respond to a request for comment . On Friday , CNBC reported that Amazon could make a decision about selling prescription drugs online before Thanksgiving . The news network did n't name its sources .
If the online retail giant does enter the pharmacy market , it would pose `` an immediate near-term threat '' to retail pharmacy chains such as CVS Health and Walgreens Boots Alliance , Gupte said .
CVS declined to comment , and referred to remarks made by its chief executive officer , Larry Merlo , on an earnings conference called on Aug. 8 . The pharmacy business has `` many barriers to entry , '' Merlo said at the time . Walgreens did n't respond to a request for comment .
Amazon could quickly grow in prescription drug sales and distribution , especially if it bought a mid-sized drug benefit manager and used it to create a more transparent pricing model , said Linda Cahn , a consultant at Pharmacy Benefit Consultants in Morristown , New Jersey . Pharmacy benefit managers , or PBMs , administer drug benefits for employers and health plans , processing the prescriptions pharmacies dispense . Currently , final prices for many drugs are negotiated in secret deals between drugmakers and PBMs .
`` Amazon could bring transparency into a marketplace that is entirely lacking , '' said Cahn . `` They are disruptive instantly if they do it differently . '' Cahn is a critic of PBMs ' business models .
The three biggest drug benefit managers -- CVS , Express Scripts Holding Co. and OptumRx , a unit of insurer UnitedHealth Group Inc. -- process about 70 per cent of the nation 's prescriptions , according to Pembroke Consulting .
A representative for Express Scripts did n't respond to a request for comment Friday . In an earnings call this summer , Express Scripts CEO Timothy Wentworth said they would be interested in partnering with Amazon , should it decide to enter the pharmacy space .
One possible partner for Amazon is MedImpact Healthcare Systems Inc. , a privately held PBM based in San Diego , Larsen said in their report . MedImpact did n't respond to a request for comment . Prime Therapeutics , which manages drug benefits for nonprofit Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans in a number of states , is another .
`` We are unable to confirm any conversations that may or may not have occurred , '' said Karen Lyons , a spokesperson for Prime Therapeutics .
Last November , Amazon began a partnership with Seattle-based pharmacy Bartell Drugs to deliver over-the-counter drugs from its stores to shoppers through Amazon 's delivery service Prime Now .
The partnership helped Bartell create an online presence to rival Walgreens . It also gave Amazon access to convenience items close to customers through Bartell 's store locations . The deliveries are now offered at dozens of location and include beer and wine , said Ric Brewer , Bartell 's communications manager . Selling prescription drugs online was n't a part of initial discussions regarding the partnership `` due to the complexity of it , '' Brewer said .
Rumblings about Amazon 's entry into the drug market have been brewing for months . In May , CNBC reported that Amazon.com had hired an official from Premera Blue Cross and was considering getting into online pharmacy .
The Cornley Polytechnic Drama Society has been busy bringing Susie H K Brideswell 's whodunnit Murder at Haversham Manor to Milton Keynes Theatre this week
We talked to the head of the society and director of the show Chris Bean and Robert Grove who describes themselves as a leading member of the society . Things may have not gone entirely to plan .
The Play That Goes Wrong
The Play That Goes Wrong is performed at Milton Keynes Theatre until Saturday April 28 . Tickets for the show can be booked by visiting www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes or by calling 0844 871 7652
Apple on Monday confirmed its acquisition of London-based media identification app Shazam . Rumors of a buyout first surfaced late last week and spilled over into the weekend courtesy of TechCrunch .
Apple provided the publication with the following statement on the matter :
“ We are thrilled that Shazam and its talented team will be joining Apple . Since the launch of the App Store , Shazam has consistently ranked as one of the most popular apps for iOS . Today , it 's used by hundreds of millions of people around the world , across multiple platforms . Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit , sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users . We have exciting plans in store , and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today 's agreement . ”
Financial terms of the acquisition were n't mentioned although sources say the deal is valued in the $ 400 million range .
Interestingly enough , Apple has reportedly been working to hammer out a deal with Shazam for about five months now and it was n't the only interested party . Sources say Spotify and Snap had also held talks with Shazam regarding an acquisition .
Shazam was early to the mobile music space and developed quite the following with around 300 million annual active users . Turning those users into dollars , however , has proven difficult as the music industry as a whole has shifted focus from selling digital music to peddling subscription services . Shazam has pivoted along the way to keep revenue up ; now , we 'll get to see how Apple utilizes the media identification technology .
Second image via Shutterstock
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are close to signing Porto right-back Diogo Dalot , the Daily Mail reports .
The paper says the 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of £17.4million , with the club expected to offset the deal with Matteo Darmian 's £11.5million sale to Juventus .
United are said to be keen on landing a right-back to provide competition for Antonio Valencia .
Ashley Young feels their Manchester United team-mate Marcus Rashford has the potential to “ set the world alight ” and is sure the forward will be a “ major player ” for England at this summer 's World Cup .
Young has also expressed their confidence in the entire squad in terms of the Three Lions “ going there to try to win ” the tournament in Russia .
While Rashford , 20 , has been in and out of the United starting line-up under Jose Mourinho , they scored 13 goals for the club last season to take them to a total of 32 in all competitions since being handed their Red Devils first-team debut by Louis van Gaal in February 2016 .
They registered a brace on that debut , in the Europa League , and has also netted on their Premier League , EFL Cup , Champions League , England Under-21 and England senior bows .
Asked how they felt Rashford would cope with their first World Cup , Young said : “ I think he 's going to cope really well .
“ I 've said it from the time I saw them in the youth team – he 's got a massive future ahead of him . He 's a fantastic player and if they keep going the way they are , they can set the world alight .
“ It 's the World Cup coming up and that could be their stage to show everybody just how far he 's come from when they made their debut . ”
Young added of Rashford , who has netted twice in 17 England appearances : “ I think if you look at the goals they have scored on how many different debuts , it just shows in itself they step up in the big games and they can produce .
“ He 's definitely been fantastic for us at United and he 's definitely going to be a major player for us at the World Cup . ”
The pair is part of what is set to be the third-youngest squad to represent England at a World Cup , with Young the oldest member of Gareth Southgate 's 23-man party .
The 32-year-old feels it is a “ fantastic group ” with “ some exciting players who can change a game in a moment ” , and said : “ For me , the squad can achieve as much as it wants to .
“ I think there 's definitely going to be a good tournament from this England squad .
“ We are focused on going to the World Cup , and not just being out there – it 's going there to try to win a World Cup , and I have every confidence in everyone 's ability in the squad that we can go and do that . ”
Heading to a first World Cup themselves marks the continuation of Young 's impressive rejuvenation , which last November saw them make their first England appearance in more than four years .
After years as a winger , the former Aston Villa player – who has been capped 33 times and scored seven goals for England – has been catching the eye as a full-back for United .
And Young stressed with regard to that : “ I still see myself as an attacker , especially with the way that we play , with the full-backs or wing-backs high up . I would rather be in the attacking half than defending . ”
They added : “ I think if you 're aware on the pitch , have a good footballing brain and read the game well you can play in any position . I think I 'm one of those players who have a good footballing brain .
“ Wherever the manager calls upon me to play I go and give 100 % for the England shirt and to do as well as I can . ”
Crusading journalist Pat Booth died on Wednesday , aged 88 . Tributes rightly recognised their investigations in the Arthur Allan Thomas and Mr Asia cases — but they were just as proud of other stories , as this speech they gave in 2007 reveals .
Auckland Star journalist Pat Booth , right , and Arthur Allan Thomas celebrate Thomas ' prison release . Auckland Star
When it comes time for someone to write a few obituary paragraphs on me , that Thomas case and the Mr Asia investigation will probably be the main talking points .
But there were other times , other issues that certainly did not endear me to the Beehive . I was a necessary pain in the official butt and I am proud of them .
Advertisement
At a stage when the Muldoon Government was priding itself on a source of cheap labour it was tapping in the Pacific , I led an investigation into the plight of those migrants when they arrived to clean our hospitals and unclog our drains , do the dirty work in offal plants and the rest .
Out of it came shocking facts about the terrible and totally unnecessary injuries to young Pacific Islanders . One young man only 10 days out of their Pacific village worked on three different machines in the first three days of their job without having any idea of how dangerous they were .
Put on to a heavy moulding press after one lunch break , all they knew was that they put sheets of metal into its jaws . When it jammed they put their hands in to clear it and lost seven fingers in the process .
A Tongan boy working a heavy bench pressing machine walked across it taking a shortcut to the switch at the back and lost their toes . A Samoan girl had their hand crushed when another Samoan girl working beside them stood on the wrong pedal .
Doctors in the Hutt Valley at that time told me 40 per cent of hand injuries were to recent Pacific Island immigrants and were so severe they took up 70 per cent of the operating time . They called it carnage .
The Auckland Star called it a scandal . The articles sparked the usual run of denials and half-truths , but we got results . Factory practices and training were cleaned up and injuries had dropped away when we next checked our sources .
In South Auckland , Pacific Island wives and mothers hung out white sheets as flags at their gates when they needed urgent medical care .
That 's what happened in their homes and villages , and passing doctors in four-wheel-drives stopped when passing . In Otara they did n't , and children battled serious illness without treatment .
They had come here without language training or preparation and they could not cope .
A judge spoke of the new migrants `` having their manhood and their previously unblemished character debauched by evils they are exposed to . The blame lies primarily not with these young migrants but with the evils of our so-called industrialised society . ''
Then there were the infamous overstayer raids and random police stopping of anyone who was not white . When the Star told of all this , an angry Prime Minister [ Rob ] Muldoon denied it was happening , and that people like us should produce evidence . That was 1pm .
By 6pm I had six signed affidavits on my desk . They were forced to call for an investigation , which confirmed 201 of the incidents they had denied had happened .
Muldoon again . When they released a list of 31 civil servants and others they said were members of the communist Socialist Unity Party , I was editing the paper and refused to publish them .
I said we were n't into lists , whether they were Catholics , in the health department or Freemasons in education . The Auckland Star was the only media in the country to say `` no '' to him .
Oh yes , some cages were rattled .
Edited extract reprinted with permission from Booth 's step-daughter , Victoria Carter . Booth will be farewelled tomorrow .
Some of the more than 60 entries for the city 's traffic box art wrap competition . Voting last through Feb. 28 . Courtesy City of Olympia
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump 's lawyer has repeatedly counseled them not to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite the president 's ongoing anger at the attorney general 's decision to recuse themselves from the Russia probe .
Rudy Giuliani told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Trump has asked them multiple times , before and after the former New York City mayor joined the president 's legal team last month , about whether Sessions should have been fired .
`` I do n't think the president should do it and I 've told them so , '' said Giuliani .
Giuliani said Trump consulted them last summer during the height of their rage about Sessions ' recusal . More recently , they said , Trump has not actively considered firing Sessions , but has wondered if they made the right decision in not doing so previously .
Advertisement
`` And when they asks 'Should I have done that ? ' I say 'No , the way it is now having worked out ' , '' Giuliani said .
The former mayor added that they did not believe Trump would fire Sessions . The president 's anger at Sessions , who was the first senator to endorse their fledgling presidential campaign and has remained a loyal supporter , comes from the attorney general 's move last year to recuse themselves from the probe , a move Sessions said was in line with Department of Justice guidelines but Trump believes birthed the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller that is imperiling their presidency .
Trump 's anger remains unabated and they suggested on Twitter again Wednesday that they wish they had never offered the job to Sessions . Giuliani stressed that Trump had every right — whether in person or on social media — to `` express how they feel '' about Sessions but suggested it was a distraction to their legal team 's efforts to fight back against the ongoing investigation .
`` Instead of talking about Sessions , we want to be talking about Comey and Mueller , '' said Giuliani , invoking the former FBI director and the special counsel . `` Public opinion is turning our way ; we 've had a great turnaround on this . We should be focused on that . ''
Some in Trump 's inner circle have advised them against firing the attorney general because it could further ratchet up the pressure in the probe as well as alienate a portion of the president 's conservative base who have cheered Sessions ' moves at the Justice Department . Moreover , a number of Sessions ' former Republican colleagues in the Senate have suggested they would not hold confirmation hearings for a replacement attorney general .
The remains of Jastine Valdez who was abducted and murdered in Enniskerry earlier this month have arrived back in the Philippines .
I parents , Teresita and Danilo Valdez , together with the Honorary Consul of the Philippines for Ireland , Mark Congdon , landed on Wednesday evening Irish time at Clark Airport north of Manila , the Filipino capital .
Ms Valdez 's remains were met by Elmer Cato , assistant minister at the Philippines Office of Public Diplomacy , and also officials from Ireland 's Department of Foreign Affairs .
The funeral party is now on the way to Ms Valdez 's hometown in Aritao , Nueva Vizcaya , by official police escort .
Jastine Valdez ( 24 ) who was abducted and murdered on May 19th . Photograph : Garda Press Office
Ms Valdez ( 24 ) was abducted and murdered in Enniskerry , Co Wicklow , while walking near their home there on Saturday evening , May 19th . The man who killed her , Mark Hennessy from Ballybrack in Co Dublin , was shot dead by a garda the next day in Carrickmines .
Ms Valdez 's body was found on May 21st in undergrowth in the Rathmichael area . Gardaí have not established any prior connection between Mr Hennessy and Ms Valdez , who came to Ireland a few years ago to join their parents and who worked occasionally at a restaurant in Bray , Co Wicklow while also studying .
It is understood Ms Valdez 's funeral will take place on Saturday .
A program to remove unexploded ordnance ( UXO ) and explosive remnants of war ( ERW ) in and around the city of Mosul could cost $ 50 million , UN officials have said .
The UN Mine Action Service ( UNMAS ) had previously estimated costs for Iraq as a whole at $ 50 million this year , but said this could double because of Mosul .
Paul Heslop , chief of UNMAS program planning and management section stated that as a result of the assessed contamination in Mosul we will need $ 50 million for the city alone in addition to $ 50 million for the rest of the country .
Heslop stated that “ clearing urban areas of contamination is more complex and dangerous than minefields . You need a higher level of technical skill and complex equipment and it 's slower . As areas are liberated , you get a better idea of the level of contamination . ”
Heslop added that Iraq needs an Afghanistan-style ( demining ) operation , which at its peak about five years ago consisted of around 15,000 people .
( Source : GardaWorld )
( Picture : UNMAS )
In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday , the suspect in February 's massacre at a Florida high school announcing their intention to become the next school shooter , aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying `` you 're all going to die .
`` The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others .
Cruz , wearing a ball cap , introduces themselves in the first video and says they are `` going to be the next school shooter of 2018 . ''
In the one of the videos Florida school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz says : 'You 're all going to die . ... Ca n't wait . ' Photo / AP
They go on to say that they want to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland .
Advertisement
The videos are undated , but on one they say , `` Today is the day . Today it all begins . The day of my massacre shall begin . ''
`` When you see me on the news , you 'll all know who I am , '' they say in another and then laughs . `` You 're all going to die . ... Ca n't wait . ''
In a second video , Cruz briefly discusses logistics , including that they will take Uber to campus about 2.40pm . They then says he 'll walk onto campus , go up some stairs , open their bag to take out their weapon and start firing . School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what they did — the only difference being that they arrived at the school at 2.19pm .
In the third video , the camera apparently pointed at pavement , they talk about their loneliness , anger and hatred , and announces that the `` day of my massacre shall begin . ''
`` I live a lone life . I live in seclusion and solitude . I hate everyone and everything . But the power of my AR you will all know who I am . I had enough of being told what to do and when to do , '' they say . `` I had enough of being told what to do and when to do . I had enough of being told that I 'm an idiot and a dumbass . You 're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programmes . ''
They also referenced a former girlfriend , saying `` I hope to see you in the afterlife . ''
Law enforcement officers block off the entrance to Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School , in Parkland following February 's shooting . Photo / AP
Cruz , 19 , is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack . Their lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole , but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty . Cruz is a former Stoneman Douglas student .
The Broward State Attorney 's Office released the video because under Florida law , with few exceptions , evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant 's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process . Cruz 's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and `` further hurt and inflame the victims ' families and the community . ''
Mary Rasura ( C ) and others hold names of some of the 17 people killed during a shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School . Photo / Getty Images
Kristi Gilroy hugs a young woman at a police check point near the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland . Photo / Getty Images
Florida school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz walks back in court for an April hearing to move forward the death penalty . Photo / Getty Images
`` This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is , '' Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein , whose office is representing Cruz , said in a statement .
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer into Stoneman Douglas . They spent several months there before being kicked out . Their late mother also called 911 on them almost 20 times over the years and they had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs .
- AP
Doubts surrounding the availability of Catholic weddings for those who “ advocate for abortion ” have been met with a mixed reaction from campaigners on both sides of the abortion debate .
The doubts emerged after a priest in the Armagh diocese wrote to an engaged couple to advise them that any “ promotion or advocacy ” for abortion would “ impact on the appropriateness ” of celebrating a Catholic wedding ceremony .
The Catholic Church has strict requirements before agreeing to marry an engaged couple , including in most cases the completion of a marriage preparation course .
The letter , reported by the BBC , was written to the couple by Fr Damien Quigley of the parish of Middle Kileavy , Newry .
The groom-to-be , referred to only as ‘ Kevin ' , appeared on BBC Radio Ulster yesterday morning . They told the Nolan Show they believed Fr Quigley was holding their wedding “ to ransom ” .
However , Liam Gibson of the pro-life group Society for the Protection of Unborn Children said Catholics who believe they can remain faithful and “ vote in favour of abortion ” are “ fooling themselves ” .
Fiona Ferguson , of pro-choice group Solidarity with Repeal , however , said the Catholic Church was “ not doing itself any favours ” by sticking to what they described as “ regressive views ” .
Mr Gibson , who stressed that their organisation “ has members from all faiths and none ” , said : “ The Church teaches that from a moral point of view those who facilitate an abortion are as culpable as those who actually carry one out . ”
They added : “ That applies both to politicians and ordinary Catholics .
“ Anyone who believes it is possible to vote in favour of abortion and remain a faithful Catholic is fooling themselves . ”
Ms Ferguson said : “ From contraception , to divorce law , and now to repeal , we hear this moral high ground being taken by the Catholic Church .
“ I think that it is exactly this kind of views that Ireland overwhelmingly said it did n't want to be a part of . ”
They added : “ The Church needs to realise that it is not going to do itself any favours by sticking to these regressive views , that are out of touch with modern society . ”
The Kalipunan ng Damayang Mahihirap , or Kadamay , the urban poor group aligned with the Left , is always in the news for all the wrong reasons . This time could be its own undoing .
Last week , a Kadamay member was shown in a video clip during a TV news broadcast alleging that they were either selling or renting out one of the homes taken over by the militant group last year .
Malacañang ordered a probe after a report on GMA News quoted the National Housing Authority ( NHA ) as warning beneficiaries of government housing projects that they could not pawn , sell or rent out the property .
The NHA earlier obtained a video that showed Kadamay member Jerry Lavado supposedly trying to sell a government-issued housing unit located in Barangay Sitio Cacarong Bata , Pandi .
Lavado denied this , insisting that they only helped pawn the unit as their neighbor needed money for the hospitalization of their child .
To recall , President Rodrigo Duterte allowed Kadamay members to stay in the houses they forcibly occupied in Pandi in March last year .
Kadamay members occupied close to 6,000 of the more than 10,000 housing units in Pandi town .
Kadamay has very little credibility and public sympathy remaining at this point , especially after its members complained of the lack of utilities and the small floor areas in homes they were not supposed to occupy in the first place .
Their initial reaction of regret and subsequent defiance is not helping their cause . “ For whatever reason , Kadamay will investigate this matter and implement the appropriate actions to halt and prevent these types of transactions , ” Kadamay said on January 30 .
A few days later , Kadamay changed its tune and is now accusing the NHA of carrying out a “ smear campaign ” in a supposed bid to kick its members out of Pandi , as well as to “ slander ” the Left following the collapse of peace talks between the government and communist rebels .
It even accuses the NHA , without any shred of evidence , of trying to entrap its members , while pivoting to different macro issues such as poverty , the lack of employment , bureaucratic inefficiency , etc .
Unfortunately for Kadamay , the NHA , as a government entity , enjoys the presumption of regularity in its actions . The NHA was well within its mandate to ensure that beneficiaries of the government 's housing program honor their commitment .
With the NHA 's revelation that about 600 homes are no longer occupied by the original Kadamay beneficiaries , the organization has been further exposed as a group of hucksters .
They have abused the kindness and goodwill shown to them by the Duterte administration , which generously allowed them to occupy the NHA project in Pandi even if they were not in the queue for government-issued housing units .
Kadamay has to come clean and prove its sincerity by policing its ranks , weeding out the opportunists , and doing away with its tired excuses . Otherwise , it truly deserves the opprobrium of public opinion .
Ireland Women must win their remaining two Super Six matches to keep alive their dream of World Cup qualification after they slipped to a seven-wicket defeat against Bangladesh .
The Irish batting failed to fire as they were dismissed for a below-par 144 having been put in to bat .
The Girls In Green were dealt an early double blow as Cecelia Joyce ( 3 ) and in-form Kim Garth ( 0 ) both went cheaply .
Meg Kendal returned from their hamstring injury to make 16 , sharing in a third wicket stand of 45 with Clare Shillington , who struck four boundaries and cleared the ropes twice in an entertaining 37 from 36 balls .
Both fell in quick succession and it was left to skipper Laura Delany ( 37 ) and Isobel Joyce ( 24 ) to rebuild the innings with a stand of 44 .
Having reached 106 for 4 with 19 overs remaining , Ireland looked set for a total approaching 200 , however the innings faltered in the final third , as they slumped to 144 all out .
Jahanara Alam ( 3-21 ) , Panna Ghosh ( 2-16 ) and Khadija Tul Kubra ( 2-26 ) were best with the ball for Bangladesh .
Ireland needed quick wickets in the Bangladesh chase , but their attack was blunted by a steady opening stand of 40 between Sharmin Sultana ( 22 ) and Sharmin Akhter .
Gaby Lewis ( 1-31 ) dismissed Sultana , and when Isobel Joyce ran out Islam for 2 , Ireland were back in the contest at 52 for 2 .
However Akhter hit a fine half century from 86 balls ( 5 fours ) , adding 53 with Morgana Hoque to ensure Bangladesh quickly regained control .
Although Akhter ( 52 ) was dismissed by Ciara Metcalfe ( 1-33 ) , by that stage just 39 were needed , and Hoque ( 34 * ) in conjunction with Rumana Ahmed ( 24 * ) steered their side safely home with no further alarms .
Ireland are next in action when they face Pakistan on Friday , before taking on South Africa on Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
ICC women 's World Cup qualifer :
Super Sixes , at CCC ( Colombo )
Ireland : 144 all out ( 47.1 overs ; C Shillington 37 , L Delany 37 , I Joyce 24 , Alam 3-21 , Ghosh 2-16 , Kubra 2-26 )
Bangladesh : 145/3 ( 39.1 overs ; S Akhter 52 , F Hoque 34 * , R Ahmed 24 * , S Sultana 22 )
Bangladesh won by seven wickets
A Louisiana teen is facing jail time for allegedly dropping the f-bomb in front of an elderly woman .
Jared Smith , 18 , was busted last week for disturbing the peace in West Monroe , Louisiana , according to a Ouachita Parish Sheriff 's Office arrest report .
Officers said that Smith shouted “ f–k ” while standing near a 75-year-old woman in a residential area . There were no witnesses of the April 8 incident .
“ While standing next to my 75-year-old complainant , Jared yelled the word ‘ f–k ' and clearly disturbed their peace , ” an officer wrote in the report .
Smith reportedly denied yelling the expletive .
They were booked at Ouachita Correctional Center and released on $ 200 bail .
If convicted , Smith faces up to 90 days in jail and could be fined $ 100 .
NORTH MIAMI , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A police commander is out of a job after an accidental behavioral specialist shooting in North Miami .
North Miami Police Cmdr . Emile Hollant was fired from the force , Monday .
Officials said they abandoned their post during the accidental shooting of behavioral specialist Charles Kinsey in August 2016 .
They claimed they went back to their patrol car to get binoculars when a SWAT member opened fire , and the state attorney did clear Hollant of any wrongdoing .
Hollant 's attorney claimed they were fired because they recently filed a $ 5 million lawsuit against the city .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
HARTFORD , Conn. ( AP ) — A federal appeals court has been asked to allow a class-action lawsuit against the Veterans Affairs Department by veterans who say they became ill from radiation exposure after responding to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain .
Yale Law School students in Connecticut filed the request Monday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans who sought disability benefits from the VA but were denied .
The students represent Air Force veteran Victor Skaar , of Nixa , Missouri , and want to expand the lawsuit to include other veterans .
VA officials did not immediately return messages Monday .
Advertisement
Radioactive plutonium was released near Palomares , Spain , in January 1966 , after a U.S. B-52 bomber and refueling plane crashed . Four hydrogen bombs crashed , but there were no nuclear explosions .
A Whanganui teacher 's sexual offending has been described by their lawyer as a `` tremendous fall from grace '' .
The man — whose interim name suppression continues — earlier this year admitted charges of meeting a young person following sexual grooming and exposing a young person to indecent material .
They were sentenced to six months ' home detention when they appeared in the Whanganui District Court yesterday .
The man was caught in an undercover police operation this year but the sentence also relates 2011 offending against girl who was 15 at the time .
Advertisement
They had earlier met on an online dating site and exchanged messages and photographs .
They later met and sat with the girl in a vehicle where Judge Josephine Bouchier said `` there was touching going on but not of a particularly criminal sort '' .
When the girl turned 16 the man met them again at a hotel and performed oral sex on them
The second lot of offending happened this year when an online profile of a 13-year-old girl was set up by an undercover police agent .
The man talked with the fictitious girl over a six-week period about masturbation , showed their photos of themselves dressed in underwear and suggested meeting up .
The `` girl '' mentioned their age five times through the conversations and when it was mentioned they would be in Palmerston North the man suggested meeting up with them This never occurred , however .
Crown lawyer Chris Wilkinson-Smith said the man had a high-risk profile because they were engaged in offending as recently as the middle of this year .
`` This is not a case where it 's happened in the 1980s or 1990s , '' they said .
`` As recently as June this year they were trying to build relationships for a sexual purpose . ''
Mr Wilkinson-Smith argued the man 's name should be added to the Child Sex Offender Register so they could be monitored post-sentence .
However , defence lawyer Roger Crowley said the man had lost everything .
`` It 's a tremendous fall from grace from a man who has led a blameless life , '' they said .
`` He has lost their self-respect , their marriage , any contact with their children ... their career , their social status and their ability to function in the community properly because of this offending .
`` It 's not an excuse ; it 's simply where they find themselves ... ''
Mr Crowley argued their client 's actions since their arrest demonstrated they were no longer a risk .
`` He engaged in counselling on day one ; they were said to have real palpable remorse . ''
Judge Josephine Bouchier sentenced the man to six months ' home detention and ordered them not to associate or contact the victim , anyone under the age of 16 or use any device which could connect to the internet .
They said a pre-sentence report assessed them as being `` low risk of further sexual offending '' .
`` I accept that their remorse is genuine and not situational , as in for himself , '' they said .
Judge Bouchier said it was not appropriate the man be put on the CSO Register .
Rob Kearney
For the knee-jerk prediction of their demise see James Ryan 's pop off the ground hitting Conor Murray 's arm and being hoofed towards the Irish try line by Rabah Slimani . Kearney calmly cleaned up . Dominant under high ball besides fumble on 58 minutes . Rating : 7
Keith Earls
Knock-on with five minutes to play gifted France valuable possession . Otherwise , with little room to manoeuvre , weaved out a yard or two every time they stepped off the right wing . Rating : 6
Robbie Henshaw
So solid defensively , shot out of the line to snuff out Virimi Vakatawa on 11 minutes , denying the Fijian the hint of space they crave . Garry Ringrose is a better attacking 13 . Rating : 7
Bundee Aki runs over France outhalf Matthieu Jalibert . Photograph : James Crombie/Inpho
Bundee Aki
Broke the teenage Jalibert . Ireland 's best player in the opening 40 minutes , there are some guarantees from this Kiwi : they will shuffle over the gainline if given half-decent set piece and whoever runs at them will fall . Rating : 7
Jacob Stockdale
Missed tackle on Teddy Thomas that almost cost Ireland the game . Harsh assessment but life on the wing can be that cruel , especially in Paris . Rating : 5
Johnny Sexton
What courage to find Keith Earls with late crossfield kick . Forget their rare blind spot , that right-sided penalty nearer the touchline than uprights , resulting in a scuffed fifth penalty on 63 minutes . Had to win it another way . Maestro . Rating : 8
Conor Murray
Drew a penalty off the hair-brained Sebastien Vahaamahina ( penalty machine ) that allowed Sexton make it 9-3 but the usual attacking threat well figured out by French . Rating : 7
Cian Healy
A stern examination by Slimani in the scrum , they contributed to Nigel Owens 's decision to penalise the tighthead on 28 minutes . From the next play Aki ended Jalibert . Rating : 6
Rory Best
The captain won their 107th cap after 13 years in a green jersey , they would never have experienced a build-up like this to a Test match . One wayward throw but drilled deep until Seán Cronin relieved him . Rating : 6
Tadhg Furlong
Ball torn from arms by Jefferson Poirot on 50 minutes with Ireland in sight of the try line and while denied any serious yardage by bigger French men they kept showing up for the punishment . Rating : 6
Iain Henderson
Slow burn caught flame with a 45th minute turnover to allow Sexton punt Ireland deep into French territory . When they began carrying with menace Sexton made it 12-3 . Huge late catch . Rating : 8
James Ryan
There is enough evidence that utter dominance is coming in 2019 . Functioned well at the tail of lineouts and trucked up possession , breaching the gainline whenever Henderson et al were behind him . Rating : 7
Peter O'Mahony
Hunted behind Stander as the game entered those vicious final 15 minutes with both knowing the full 80 minute shift was necessary . A wonderful nuisance . Rating : 7
Josh van der Flier
Four minutes before half-time their season came to another grinding halt due to a leg injury caused in a collision . Had been proficient with Dan Leavy 's physicality a welcome alternative . Rating : 5
CJ Stander takes on Yacouba Camara and Guilhem Guirado during the Six Nations match in Paris . Photograph : Gareth Fuller/PA Wire
CJ Stander
Bash , bash , bash and then on 60 minutes , just after La Marseillaise had finished , the South African pounced on French ball to spark the Fields of Athenry . Another vital steal three minutes later . Relentless . Rating : 8
Bench
The bench is a problem now , proving way below the impact needed for a successful Six Nations campaign . Leavy coughed up a penalty on 53 minutes that allowed Maxime Machenaud make it 12-6 to keep the contest alive . Rating : 5
Coach
Testing week . Sexton did much of the slow , methodical coaching as Ireland aimed to patiently pick apart this poor French offering . When that did n't work the outhalf tried something else . Rating : 6
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's Birmingham 's famous Bull statue - as you 've never seen it before .
Gift wrapped and now covered in snow it looks every inch in the mood for getting the Christmas party started nice and early .
The statue was declared one of the world 's top ten public works of art two years ago .
Officially called The Guardian , the Bull has had many different looks since it was installed in 2003 on a plinth hidden below the pavement .
It has been used to promote the Bullring itself , for model shoots and to advertise everything from a Big Bandage Appeal at the Birmingham Children 's Hospital to Black Friday in 2016 .
And , of course , it has been the subject of millions of selfies as shoppers from all walks of life invariably stop to pose next to it while taking pictures of themselves .
( Image : Graham Young )
What has rarely been seen , though , is the Bull covered in snow .
Partly because of its semi-sheltered position but also because we have had so few snowfalls in recent years .
Only in November it was gift-wrapped in a new red and green coat with a golden ribbon around it to promote Christmas shopping .
( Image : Graham Young )
But this weekend 's weather left it covered with inches of snow which , from a distance , looked like its own fondant icing .
There was even the rare chance to walk all the way around it without anyone standing there being photographed next to it .
When the snow began to melt on the Bull 's back this morning there even a gleam in its eye .
It was if Birmingham 's favourite statue was saying that this might be a once-in-a-lifetime chance to capture it looking perfectly suited and booted for the festive period so far ahead of Christmas
( Image : Graham Young )
Yes , there are still 13 shopping days still to go before the big day .
Whatever the weather he 'll be there to give you a big Brummie welcome - and that 's snow bull .
What is the Bull ?
( Image : Graham Young )
In February 2015 it was listed alongside such iconic sights as New York 's Statue of Liberty and Michelangelo 's David as one of the world 's great sculptures .
Twice the size of a real bull to give it more impact , it weighs six tonnes and was created by Laurence Broderick .
Although it has been vandalised twice over the years , the Bull has become symbol of the entire city as well as the shopping centre .
Said to be the third most photographed landmark in Britain , after the Houses of Parliament and the London Eye , Mr Broderick said they were thrilled when it was listed in the world 's top ten by The Independent .
Mr Broderick , then 79 and from Waresley village in Cambridgeshire said : “ It 's quite incredible to think that the bull has become so successful .
( Image : Graham Young )
“ The Bullring developers told me that the bull would become very , very famous . I did n't think about that at the time , but I agreed to do it and I went all out to make sure it was going to be a fantastic bull .
“ The idea was to make it special – powerful and strong , everything that Birmingham is . ”
The analysts of Persistence Market Research have recently come up with a new publication titled “ Organic Fertilizer Market : Global Industry Analysis and Forecast , 2017-2025. ” The expert team of analysts has observed that the global organic fertilizer market is highly fragmented and the market players are focused on the expansion of production capacities and strengthening partnerships with distributors to enhance their global footprint . The analysts have further observed that Europe is projected to hold a significant market share in the global organic fertilizer market and will continue to exhibit its dominance throughout the assessed period .
Request For Sample Report : http : //www.mrrse.com/sample/2968
APAC is projected to exhibit higher growth as compared to other regions over the forecast period . While examining the strategies of the key players in this market , importance has been given to studying market trends and consumer demand patterns to continuously evolve in product offerings and ensure uninterrupted revenue generation and expansion of the distribution channel .
Current scenario of the global organic fertilizer market
The impending market change for organic fertilizers is supported by the demands for sustainable methods of agriculture in addition to further government initiatives via workshops and subsidies for encouraging the use of organic fertilizers . With significant shortages and a lower number of competitors in the market as compared to the broader fertilizer market , the global organic fertilizer market is poised to undergo significant changes with respect to product innovation , competitive landscape , and production .
Forecast factors and their relevance and impact on the global organic fertilizer market
There is a double-digit growth in the organic food and drink market , which is anticipated to create a heavy impact on the global organic fertilizer market . Organic agricultural land has shown an increase of about 30 % in the last 10 years . This has a huge impact on the demand for organic fertilizers . The contribution of the agricultural sector to the GDP is an important factor that shows the region wise impact .
Send An Enquiry : http : //www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2968
Report Structure
The report begins with the market definition , followed by definitions of the different organic fertilizers in the market . The market dynamics section includes Persistence Market Research 's analysis of key trends , drivers , restraints , opportunities and macro-economic factors influencing the development of the global organic fertilizer market . Also , the pricing analysis of different products in the segment is mentioned for upcoming products of organic fertilizers . The report analyzes the global organic fertilizer market on the basis of source , form , application and region and presents a forecast by value for the next eight years . The global organic fertilizer market has also been analyzed in terms of basis point share ( BPS ) to understand individual segments ' relative contributions to market growth . This detailed level of information is important for identifying various key trends in the global organic fertilizer market .
Finally , a competitive landscape has been included in this report to provide report audiences with a dashboard view . Detailed profiles of the providers are included in the scope of the report to evaluate their long-term and short-term strategies , key offerings and recent developments in the global organic fertilizer market . Various barriers to entry in the industry are analyzed and rated on the basis of their impact on the competition level in the market .
Market Segmentation
By Source
Plant Origin
Animal Origin
By Application
Cereals and Crops
Fruits and Vegetables
Lawns and Turfs
By Form
Solid
Liquid
By Region
North America
Latin America
Europe
APAC
MEA
Research Methodology
The report focuses on highlighting consumption of primary organic fertilizers across the globe . Macro-economic indicators such as GDP and industrial production index have been considered while forecasting market numbers . The analysts have used the top-down approach to assess market numbers for each category , while the bottom-up approach has been used to counter validate the market estimations .
Browse Full Report With TOC : http : //www.mrrse.com/organic-fertilizer-market
The sources that the analysts have used while examining the global organic fertilizer market are World Bank , IMF , company annual and financial reports and industry association publications . While doing primary research , the analysts have identified key opinion leaders , designed questionnaires and have conducted in-depth interviews . The company analysis comprises detailed information on business strategies , product offerings , key strengths and key focus segments . In-depth secondary research has been used to ascertain overall market size , top industry players , top products and industry associations .
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports . MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice . Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title , geographical region , publisher , or other keywords .
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research . MRRSE 's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research , be it competitive intelligence , product or service trends or strategic consulting .
Contact
State Tower
90 , State Street
Suite 700
Albany , NY – 12207
United States Telephone : +1-518-730-0559
Email : sales @ mrrse.com
Website : http : //www.mrrse.com/
An aboriginal woman who claims their landlord tried to evict them for performing traditional smudging ceremonies in their Burnaby , B.C . home has filed a human rights complaint .
Crystal Smith of the Tsimshian and Haisla First Nations said she 's had problems with their landlord , Parminder Mohan , ever since they noticed their smudging at home with their children in March .
The ceremony involves burning herbs to cleanse the body and spirit ; to perform it inside , Smith burns sage in a shell and uses a feather to waft the smoke .
`` My landlord happened to be in the upstairs unit and they smelled it , '' Smith said . `` I got a text message maybe 10 minutes after we 'd finished smudging saying that ' I smelled marijuana . ' ''
Smith , who told CTV News they do n't smoke drugs or even cigarettes , assured Mohan that was n't the case , and even offered to demonstrate how smudging works . The landlord was n't satisfied , and allegedly told them to stop .
Smith said they have since been served three eviction notices , and faces continued pressure to leave despite a Residential Tenancy Branch ruling in their favour .
`` Basically I 'm being forced to move because my landlord does n't allow me to practice my spiritual ceremonies and practices , '' they said .
For Smith , smudging is a crucial part of keeping their son and daughter in tune with their heritage .
Having lost their grandparents when they were a young teenager , Smith said they missed out on learning about aspects of their culture at a young age , and they do n't want their children to be deprived in the same way .
`` I need my children to grow up in culture so they could love who they are , so that they can grow up and be proud , '' Smith said .
She 's given up on remaining in their Burnaby home , however . They intend to move out this week , though she 's disappointed at having to upend their family again so soon .
They have only been living in the apartment for a few months , and previously had a brief stay at a safe house where they moved after they left an abusive relationship .
`` It 's frustrating , '' Smith said . `` We were supposed to be in this home until December at least , and I was even hoping to stay a little longer because me and my children have been through so much . ''
Mohan sees things differently . They spoke to CTV News by phone Wednesday , and said he 's actually an accommodating landlord who has become the victim of an unappreciative tenant .
Mohan said they reduced Smith 's rent and gave them a dishwasher when they moved in , but he 's concerned about how smudging might impact the property and their neighbours .
They claim the smudging ceremony they witnessed in March sent smoke wafting in the upstairs suite .
`` I almost passed out . I actually had to stumble out , '' they said . `` I had fans running 24/7 trying to get rid of the smell , the smell does n't go away . ''
Smith said the ceremony does create a smell , but it fades after a day or two . When their dispute was heard by the Residential Tenancy Branch , the arbitrator ruled Mohan had n't provided sufficient evidence the smudging had disturbed or adversely affected other tenants .
Most importantly , though , Smith feels smudging is a religious right that should n't open up aboriginal people to evictions or any other form of pressure at home , which is why they have filed a complaint with the B.C . Human Rights Tribunal .
`` The reason I 'm fighting , the reason why I 'm pushing this forward is so that my children , my great grandchildren , will not have to do this , '' they said .
With files from CTV Vancouver 's Shannon Paterson
By Johnny Edward :
Former Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh 's Fortuna Sittard defeated FC Oss 2-0 on Monday to move 15 points clear of the relegation spots of the Dutch second division , reports Completesportsnigeria.com .
It was Fortuna Sittard 's 12th win of the season .
First half goals from Djibril Dianessy and Gavin Vlijter sealed a comfortable win for Oliseh 's side who are now 17th in the table with three games to play .
Fortuna Sittard were docked six points for financial mismanagement in the Eerste Divisie and could see their professional licence revoked if their finances do not improve ahead of next season .
Also in the Dutch second division on Monday at the De Vijverberg Stadium , Kelechi Nwakali could not stop MVV Maastricht from suffering a 2-0 defeat away to De Graafschap . MVV Maastricht have not won in their last five games .
The former Nigeria U-17 skipper played for 84 minutes before being replaced by Dyon Gijzen . Nwakali , on loan from Arsenal , has made 27 games for Maastricht this season and scored twice .
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
A photo posted by BlackBook India ( @ blackbookindia ) on Jan 2 , 2017 at 12:10am PST
Dubai is synonymous with luxury when it comes to the tallest , biggest and fastest things . And it seems to have broken yet another record by showcasing the largest tin of caviar in the world.The Burj Al Arab Jumeirah partnered along with Amstur Caviar to unveil a 37pound tin of caviar , the largest in the world yet . It has carved a niche for itself in the Guinness Book of World Records . The occasion was a reception party hosted at the hotel . The tin was named “ The Mashenomak ” . Interestingly , it was custom designed by Amstur . The caviar inside the tin was 37 pounds of organic caviar . What 's more fascinating is the fact that the caviar had to be consumed completely , in order to label the city as the winner and to achieve a place in the Guinness Book . This compelled the guests and motivated them to take large servings in order to achieve the goal . Arrangements were made accordingly . The spoons used were “ custom-engraved mother of pearl-spoons ” customized and created specifically for the event.The Burj Al Arab Jumeirah , has often found itself in the middle of controversy about being a 7-star hotel . There are conflicting opinions regarding the same and the owner has recently confirmed that it 's a 5-star hotel.When it comes to food , Dubai has always been at the forefront because of its high standards.An organic culinary masterpiece , a title exactly describing the beauty of the tin , it was not only appealing to look at but reportedly also was delicious . The tin was able to meet the criteria and thus successfully managed to win the exclusive competition.AmStur was overjoyed at the success of the event and was extremely grateful to have partnered with the most luxurious hotel in the world , Burj Al Arab Jumeirah . This made the starting of 2017 much more special and memorable .
Welcome to Thursday 's LIVE Derby County blog from Derbyshire Live .
Derby County have appointed former England midfielder Frank Lampard as the club 's new manager .
The 39-year-old ex-Chelsea and Manchester City player has signed a three-year deal at Pride Park Stadium .
They will speak to the media at a press conference this afternoon .
Lampard is the Rams ' sixth manager in the last three years - seven if you count Chris Powell 's two games in charge - and they replace Gary Rowett , who left last week to take over at Stoke City .
Lampard had been odds-on favourite for almost a week to fill the Derby hot seat .
You can get involved by tweeting us @ dcfc_live or you can join in the conversation on Facebook , or by leaving a comment below .
12/11/17 – 5:37 P.M .
Women 's Mentoring Connections will have an event to discuss conquering fears this Thursday . The event will feature a multi-generational panel of women from various professional backgrounds . These women will share their experiences and advice on fear , motivation , and intuition .
The Findlay-Hancock County Chamber of Commerce is hosting the event from 8 – 9:30 a.m. at Birchaven Retirement Village Clubhouse . To register visit findlayhancockchamber.com or call 419-422-3313 . Admission to the program is free but any donation will help benefit the Salvation Army .
You may have heard us use the term HEDIS before so we want to share what that means . HEDIS stands for Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set .
HEDIS includes precisely defined health measures to keep our military members and their families well . The health measures are consistent with those used by leading healthcare systems and fit the national definition of access , safety and quality care .
HEDIS measures a broad range of important health issues on a regular basis . Please check the following services to see if it is time to schedule an appointment . Call the Central Appointment Line at 06371-9464-5762 .
Are you due ?
Breast Cancer Screening
Woman ages 50-74 , mammogram every 2 years
Cervical Cancer Screening
Woman ages 21-64 , PAP smear every 3 years or PAP & HPV test every 5 years for ages 30-64
Colon Cancer Screening
Ages 50-75 , Colonoscopy every 10 years or talk to your care team about other screening options , like annual stool samples
Diabetes Care for Type 1 & 2
Ages 18-75 , Hemoglobin A1c levels monitored at least yearly , often more
Chlamydia Screening
Woman ages 16-24 , urine , vaginal or cervical testing
Well Child Visits
Ages birth to 15 months , at least six total well child visits
Low Back Pain
Ages 18-50 , assess the use of appropriate imaging studies
Depression Management
If you received screening services outside the military treatment facility , please bring your medical reports to the TRICARE office , located on the 1st floor , Wiesbaden Army Health Clinic , so your records can be added to your medical chart .
GAZA CITY , Gaza Strip ( AP ) — The Gaza Health Ministry spokesperson said Wednesday that the death of a 9-month-old girl remains under investigation , two weeks after a medical official cast doubt on initial claims that they died from Israeli tear gas .
A medical report issued on May 14 , the day of Layla Ghandour 's death , and seen by The Associated Press this week makes no mention of tear gas . The report said they suffered from a congenital heart defect and died after their blood circulation and respiratory system stopped .
When asked about the significance of the report , two doctors offered conflicting views on whether tear gas would have been mentioned if it had been suspected of having contributed to the infant 's death . Both spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the case with the media .
The infant died on a day of mass protests on the Gaza-Israel border . The march had been one in a series of weekly protests led by Gaza 's ruling group , the Islamic militant Hamas , but also driven by despair among the territory 's residents about an 11-year-old border blockade enforced by Israel and Egypt .
Advertisement
More than 110 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli army fire since the anti-blockade protests began in late March , including at least 60 on May 14 when Israeli troops fired live bullets and heavy volleys of tear gas from across the border fence .
The high death toll , particularly that day , has driven international criticism of Israel 's use of potentially lethal force against protesters , the vast majority unarmed . Israel has alleged Hamas used the protests as a cover for border attacks .
Layla 's relatives claimed they were inadvertently taken to the scene of the protests , due to miscommunication among family members , and that they were near the fence when tear gas fell in the area . They say they were rushed to a hospital where they were pronounced dead .
On May 14 , the Health Ministry initially said they died from tear gas fired by Israeli forces . After their funeral the following day , a medical official told the AP that they believed a serious pre-existing medical condition was to blame for the death .
The ministry later said it was referring the case to the forensic medicine department to issue a ruling .
The Justice Ministry , which controls the forensic medicine department , said it ended its investigation and referred the file to Gaza 's attorney general . Both authorities have declined to comment .
An official Health Ministry list of those killed in the protests between March 30 and May 19 had 112 names , but the infant was not on the list . The baby 's family refused to share hospital reports with the AP , after initially promising to do so .
Health Ministry spokesperson Ashraf al-Kidra told reporters in a WhatsApp group on Wednesday that officials are still `` waiting for the forensics report '' and that in the meantime , the infant 's name would be kept off the list of those killed in the protests .
Hundreds of tourists trapped in the township of Haast on the West Coast may be finally able to hit the road again after a major summer storm blasted the country and closed much of State Highway Six .
Westland District Council is anticipating the whole stretch of State Highway 6 from Hokitika to Makarora will be reopened at 11am today .
Haast Police Senior Constable Paul Gurney told 1 NEWS yesterday that 300-500 people were stuck in Haast due to the closure from Ross to Makaroa . The majority of the people stuck are tourists .
More than 100 travellers are reported to have been stuck in their cars Thursday night between Fox and Franz Josef , along with two tourist buses .
Strong winds and fallen trees closed the road on Thursday .
`` As soon as this road is re-opened there will be a large volume of traffic moving northbound especially and motorists will need to drive slowly and be aware that they need to be vigilant as there may still be road hazards , '' Westland District Council wrote on their Facebook page this morning .
`` Getting this road reopened will relieve pressure and tourists will be able to move out of the region and continue onwards . Westland families that have been separated will be able to be reunited .
`` Westland District Council wishes to advise that overnight cell phone communications and water supply was restored to Fox Glacier , as well as power to Franz Josef . ''
Public Information Officier Michelle Bunt said , `` Once we have moved into recovery phase we will be undertaking a debrief to review how this situation was managed and identify improvements moving forward with all parties involved .
The Book of Mormon Reference to Heavenly Mother that You May Not Have Noticed
Sign up for Meridian 's Free Newsletter , please CLICK HERE
The belief in a Heavenly Mother is possibly one of the most distinctive beliefs of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . It 's not just something that we wonder or hypothesize about . It 's a doctrinal necessity .
Based on our belief in the principles of exaltation , eternal marriage , and spiritual families , there 's no way that we could n't have a Heavenly Mother . In fact , according to revelation received by Joseph Smith , Heavenly Father could not be God without a Heavenly Mother .
However , as grateful as we are for the assurances we have received from modern prophets and general authorities , we long to see a hard reference to the Mother we know watches over us from above .
Well , as it turns out , the Book of Mormon may have a surprisingly clear and intriguing reference to Heavenly Mother .
I found the reference as I was doing a careful study of 1 Nephi 11 .
It all starts with verse 18 where the Spirit of the Lord is teaching Nephi about Mary , Christ 's earthly mother .
“ And they said unto me : Behold , the virgin whom thou seest is the mother of the Son of God , after the manner of the flesh . ”
To read the full article on Happiness Seekers , click here .
Welcome to today 's Birmingham City live blog for Monday , August 14 .
It 's transfer season .
Birmingham is intent on stepping up the Harry Redknapp revolution this summer .
Redknapp has already snapped up David Stockdale , Marc Roberts and Cheikh Ndoye .
He 's keen on adding a number of further arrivals , too , with a number of players targeted in the aim of improving their side .
Redknapp is still in the hunt for new options to their forward line ahead of Tuesday 's clash at home to Bolton Wanderers , but can be encouraged by their side 's 2-1 win against Bristol City on Saturday .
Will today be the day the latest signing is confirmed ?
The Birmingham Mail 's live BCFC blog will bring you updates on all the Blues news and rumours as they happen - so stay tuned !
Harrowing footage filmed from inside the Grenfell tower has revealed the panic of trapped residents as the fire raged .
A woman can be heard shouting desperately to other people from inside their flat as smoke engulfs the corridor of the 27-storey housing block .
They scream `` Hello , hello , come here '' as they ignore the advice of a friend and family members to keep their door closed , the Daily Mail reports .
× Smoke billows after a fire engulfed the 24-storey Grenfell Tower , in west London . Photo /AP Smoke billows after a fire engulfed the 24-storey Grenfell Tower , in west London . Photo /AP
Residents are seen rushing through their door as they try to shelter from the smoke and flames of the inferno .
Advertisement
The short clip then follows them outside to their flat 's balcony as they are heard telling someone on their phone : `` The police are telling us to get out . The whole building is on fire and we 're on the floor above . How are we going to get out ? ''
In one of the most chilling moments , their friend can be heard screaming to people outside : `` We 're stuck on the 23rd floor . Hello ? There 's too many people stuck upstairs . ''
It is still not clear whether any of people trapped during the clip made it out of the tower block safely .
Twelve people have been confirmed dead and dozens missing in the wake of the devastating blaze in White City , west London .
× Smoke billows from the fire . Photo / AP Smoke billows from the fire . Photo / AP
Twenty people are fighting for their lives in a critical condition with 78 people injured taken to six hospitals across London .
A series of blunders are being blamed for the disaster with residents claiming there were no working fire alarms , no sprinklers and the only staircase leading to safety was blocked .
× Yaz awaiting news of their friend who was caught up in the blaze . Photo / AP Yaz awaiting news of their friend who was caught up in the blaze . Photo / AP
A community leader working to locate victims , who asked not to be named , believes nobody who lived on the top three residential floors survived and the building that was home to 600 people could soon collapse .
They said : `` We have a list of missing people - there are so many . It 's possible there are more than 50 , possibly hundreds '' .
Those who managed to flee said it was `` like hell on earth '' inside as they scrambled over dead bodies in scenes akin to 9/11 .
The Maui Arts & Cultural Center presents the return engagement of a family favorite : the Shanghai Circus , onstage in the Castle Theater on Monday and Tuesday , Jan. 15-16 , 2018 .
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
Four show times are featured : on Monday ( Martin Luther King holiday ) shows are at 4 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. ; and on Tuesday , the shows are at 4 and 7 p.m .
The New Shanghai Circus features fearless performers with boundless energy and amazing skill who bring new interpretations to traditional Chinese circus arts — some acts with thousands of years in the making .
The acrobats , jugglers , knife-throwers , contortionists , and other skilled performers of the Shanghai Circus dedicate their life to the achievement of perfection as they defy gravity and execute breathtaking feats of balance and skill .
These acts are staged with traditional Chinese props and themes , but in the spirit of the “ new circus , ” all of this is accomplished with 21st century flair : nouvelle costumes , dramatic lighting , and magical stagecraft .
The daring and rigorously-trained performers of the Shanghai Circus follow a 2500-year old tradition of circus arts in China , developed from ancient rural village harvest celebrations .
In the autumn , both peasants and craftsmen would join in the village square for a celebration of bountiful harvest . Common people would show off their skills by performing fun and exciting feats of derring-do , using household tools and common items found around the farm and workshop .
ADVERTISEMENT
Climbing to the top of a tall stack of chairs , spinning plates on the end of a long bamboo stick , balancing small wooden benches on their head , juggling huge pottery jars , flipping bowls with their feet , climbing tall poles and long leather straps … these and most other traditional Chinese acrobatic acts were derived from the lifelong skills of the village peasants , river sailors and local craftsmen .
As skills developed , the traditions passed from generation to become the feats of strength , balance and grace that define the unique circus traditions of China .
Food and beverages will be available before the evening shows in the MACC 's Yokouchi Pavilion Courtyard .
Tickets are $ 12 , $ 25 , $ 35 , with a discount available to MACC donors in the ‘ Ōhi ‘ a level and above . Tickets are half price for children 3-12 years of age for the $ 25 and $ 35 tickets only . For tickets call 242-SHOW ( 242-7469 ) or book online at MauiArts.org .
Tickets go on sale to MACC members first on Tuesday , Dec. 12 and to the general public Saturday , Dec. 16 .
Two million New Zealanders will be obese in 20 years time , new research reveals .
An Otago University report published today in the Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health showed the average Body Mass Index ( BMI ) of Kiwis increased from 26.4 in 1997 to 28.3 in 2015 .
If the trend continued , New Zealand 's average BMI would exceed the obesity threshold of 30 by the early 2030s .
In 2015 , 1.1 million New Zealanders were considered clinically obese but by 2038 that could be two million .
Advertisement
The prevalence of obesity in New Zealand had already trebled to 30 per cent between 1977 and 2013 , making it the third most obese nation .
Researchers Dr Ross Wilson and Professor Haxby Abbott from the University of Otago 's Centre for Musculoskeletal Outcomes Research at the Dunedin School of Medicine said the Government needed to take action to address the situation .
`` High BMI has now overtaken tobacco as the greatest contributor to health loss in New Zealand , which emphasises the public health importance of these findings , '' Wilson said .
Otago University researchers Dr Ross Wilson and Professor Haxby Abbott found two million New Zealanders will be obese by 2038 . Photo / Supplied
The study also showed the BMI of Māori and Pasifika and those living in socially deprived neighbourhoods was increasing at a faster rate . In 20 years the average BMI of the Pasifika population was expected to exceed the general population by 7.1-8.1 - up from a difference of 6.4 in 2015 .
The research , which used data from more than 76,000 adults , found the increase in BMI was down to factors including greater availability and consumption of high-energy , low-nutrient foods and lower levels of physical activity .
`` These findings emphasise the need for effective public health measures to address the causes of the obesity epidemic , '' the authors said .
`` Altering or mitigating these environmental influences is therefore crucial to slow or reverse projected increases in population obesity . ''
Obesity was a risk factor for many common health conditions , including diabetes , cardiovascular disease , osteoarthritis and cancer which contributed the loss of quality of life , early death and higher healthcare expenditure , the report said .
`` High BMI is the greatest contributing risk factor to health loss in NZ . Healthcare costs associated with treating overweight- and obesity-related conditions in NZ were estimated to be NZ $ 624 million in 2006 , representing 4.4 per cent of all healthcare spending . ''
The researchers suggested tobacco control could be a useful parallel for considering the importance of comprehensive reforms across a range of policy areas in halting the spread of a public health epidemic like obesity .
They suggested improving the relative affordability of healthy foods ; restrictions on marketing of unhealthy foods ; better nutritional labelling ; more education ; promotion of active modes of travel ; and provision of facilities and space for physical recreation could all help stem the country 's growing waistlines .
An arresting gear , or arresting system , is a mechanical system used to swiftly decelerate an aircraft as it lands . Global aircraft system market is anticipated to grow with healthy growth rate owing to increasing deployment of aircraft arresting system over naval carriers and increasing installation at airports to avoid turnovers . However , high cost of installation and operational problems of commercial airlines might hinder the market growth . Increasing use of aircraft arresting system in unmanned aerial vehicles would offer lucrative opportunities for the market in the upcoming years . North America is anticipated to lead the global market in coming years .
Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https : //www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aircraft-arresting-system-market/request-sample
Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on type , end user , system , and region .
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period ( 2017-2024 ) .
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed .
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics ( drivers , restraints & opportunities ) and their impact analysis for the forecast period .
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities .
• Porter 's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment .
• Identification of the aircraft arresting system market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators .
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the aircraft arresting system industry based on their strategic attempts , financial status , and other internal and external parameters .
Market Segmentation
By Type
Net Barrier
• Cable
• Mobile Aircraft Arresting System ( MAAS )
• Engineered Materials Arresting System ( EMAS )
• Aircraft Carrier Arresting System
Request for Customized Report @ https : //www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aircraft-arresting-system-market/request-customise-form
By End User
Commercial Airport
• Aircraft Carrier
• Military Airbase
By System
Fixed
• Portable
By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific ( APAC )
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report , we offer 20 % of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client 's interest in the aircraft arresting system market . Following are some most desired customization offers on this report :
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client 's research requirements .
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments ( as per request ) .
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request .
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on aircraft arresting system market covering specific country/region only .
Requests for data tables only ( specific requirement to quantitative research ) .
Access Report Details @ https : //www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aircraft-arresting-system-market
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity , extensive research , and infallibility . We provide syndicated market research reports , customization services , and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges . We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics .
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world . A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments . The research reports offering market forecasts , market entry strategies , and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential .
Contact
Address : Sr. No.8/2A/1 , Vitthal Heights , Above Yashwant , Kharadi , Pune-411014
Tel : +91-20-65606016
Email : help @ esticastresearch.com
Web : https : //www.esticastresearch.com
Franchy Cordero got their big chance last month when three San Diego Padres outfielders went down with injuries and based on a shocking error in communication by their opponents , the Cincinnati Reds could be looking for new infielders too .
Cordero , who made their major league debut on May 27 , has responded with several good performances , none bigger than in a 9-3 victory on Tuesday against the Reds .
The rookie hit their first major league home run as part of a six-run second inning that also included Yangervis Solarte 's sixth home run .
Cordero doubled in their next at-bat for their fifth multihit showing in 15 games , and made a diving catch in center field .
`` He 's here quicker than expected , '' manager Andy Green said , `` but he 's shown they deserve to be here . They belong here . They had a great game . ''
The Reds , who are 0-4 on a six-game West Coast trip , saw their majors-worst starting ERA go from 5.84 to 6.01 .
Providing a slapstick moment , all four Reds infielders allowed a popup to land behind the pitcher 's mound — giving Hedges a single in the third inning .
4 million students have benefited by taking over 10 Million Online Mock Tests provided by Testbook to help them crack numerous Government Recruitment Exams with ease .
Navi Mumbai , India , July 3rd , 2018 : One of the big names among Competitive Exam aspirants – Testbook.com , is celebrating the faith of over 4 million students . Starting their journey , 4 years ago , Testbook has come a long way , gaining the trust of millions of students and helping them prepare for a bright career . With their affordable monthly and yearly Subscription Plans , aspirants of all backgrounds can easily purchase Online Tests & practice from the comfort of their home .
Apart from its flagship online test series , Testbook.com has started multiple initiatives to solve problems faced by Government and Bank job aspirants from across the nation . A few such initiatives are :
Testbook.com Online Center ( TOC ) : Providing Tier I/II/III city 's students a One-Stop Solution for Test Preparation , where they can practice tests in exam-like environment without worrying about lacking access to computers , internet or power backup .
Testbook.com Smart Lab ( TSL ) : Empowering local Institutes/Teachers to set up computer labs at their institutes to provide Online Test Practice to their students along with their learning courses from the beginning of their preparation . This initiative helps students prepare the best from even a Tier IV town .
Testbook.com eCard : It 's a prepaid card , primarily designed for Tier II/III students so that they can access the Online test packs in their cities . Students can purchase eCards from Testbook.com Online Center , Testbook.com Smart Labs or local bookstores and can activate the unique code with a single step on Testbook.com on their smartphones .
Now that all the major recruiting bodies conduct their exams online , aspirants feel the need to begin their practice virtually , on computers . Students who prepare for Banking , SSC , Insurance , Railways and other such exams trust Testbook.com and begin their preparations . The Testbook App & their Current Affairs App have total installations of over 9.8 Million . These Apps have so far helped learners solve more than 874 million questions on the go .
Along with Banking , SSC & Railways , Testbook has also provided Online Mock Tests for 70+ exams & aims at launching 120+ Tests in the near future for various other Recruitment Exams .
About Testbook
This start-up is the brain-child of 6 young IITians , who believe in bringing a wave in the Education sector of India . Testbook believes that India 's talented youth can be a catalyst to a huge change in the country . Being in the Government workforce by working in the Public Sector , the young , can positively affect the nation . Testbook aims to see a Government Officer in each household & strives to guide each aspirant in the right direction .
According to the NIWA 's latest modelling , New Zealand 's winter has a good chance of being warmer than average through to July .
Mt Ngauruhoe ( file picture ) . Source : istock.com
There are greater odds of this being true for the northern regions of the North Island , which has a 50 per cent chance of warmer than average weather this winter , compared with 40 per cent for the rest of the country .
However , it is n't all good news , as NIWA predicts there will also be a high chance of cold snaps in June and July .
They also predict that higher temperatures could lead to some significant rainfall events , especially in the north of the North Island , which has a 45 per cent chance of higher than average rainfall in June and July .
Outlook for May - July 2018 . Source : NIWA
NIWA 's regional predictions for June and July around NZ are as follows :
Northland , Auckland , Waikato , Bay of Plenty
• Temperatures are likely to be above average ( 50 % chance ) .
• Rainfall totals are likely to be above normal . ( 45 % chance ) .
Central North Island , Taranaki , Whanganui , Manawatu , Wellington
• Temperatures are equally likely to be near average ( 40 % chance ) or above average ( 40 % chance ) .
• Rainfall totals , soil moisture levels and river flows are equally likely to be in the near normal ( 40 % chance ) or above normal range ( 40 % chance ) .
Gisborne , Hawke 's Bay , Wairarapa
• Temperatures are equally likely to be near average ( 40 % chance ) or above average ( 40 % chance ) .
• Rainfall totals , soil moisture levels and river flows are all about equally likely to be in the near normal ( 40 % chance ) or above normal range ( 40-45 % chance ) .
Tasman , Nelson , Marlborough , Buller
• Temperatures are equally likely to be near average ( 40 % chance ) or above average ( 40 % chance ) .
• Rainfall totals , soil moisture levels and river flows are all about equally likely to be in the near normal ( 40 % chance ) or above normal range ( 40-45 % chance ) .
West Coast , Alps and foothills , inland Otago , Southland
• Temperatures are equally likely to be near average ( 40 % chance ) or above average ( 40 % chance ) .
• Rainfall totals are about equally likely to be near normal ( 40 % chance ) or below normal ( 45 % chance ) .
Coastal Canterbury , east Otago
Asian shares rose Thursday after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italy 's political situation subsided .
KEEPING SCORE : Japan 's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.8 percent to 22,201.82 and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index jumped 1.1 percent to 30,385.50 . The Shanghai Composite index rebounded 1.8 percent to 3,095.47 and Australia 's S & P ASX 200 climbed 0.5 percent to 6,011.90 . South Korea 's Kospi advanced 0.6 percent to 2,423.01 . Shares rose in Taiwan and were mostly higher in Southeast Asia .
WALL STREET : Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday as investors reversed course on hopes that Italy will be able to avoid a new round of elections . Stocks had plunged the previous day as investors expected the Italian gridlock would be resolved with new elections that could have turned into a yes-or-no referendum deciding whether Italy would continue to use the euro . The S & P 500 index jumped 1.3 percent to 2,724.01 and the Dow Jones industrial average also climbed 1.3 percent to 24,667.78 . The Nasdaq composite gained 0.9 percent to 7,462.45 . The Russell 2000 index surged 1.5 percent , closing at a record high of 1,647.99 . Italy 's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier . Prices for Italian government bonds also rose , sending yields down following a huge surge the day before .
CHINA MANUFACTURING : Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand , a survey showed Thursday , in a positive sign for the world 's No . 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S . The official purchasing managers ' index , or PMI , rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month . Readings above 50 indicate expansion , while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index 's 100-point scale .
Advertisement
ANALYST 'S VIEWPOINT : `` Today 's strong set of official PMIs tell a reassuring story about current growth momentum . However , we will have to wait for more reliable indicators to be published in order to get a clearer picture of the health of China 's economy , '' Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics said in a commentary .
CHINA TRADE : China 's government said Thursday it reserves the right to retaliate if Washington goes ahead with proposed investment controls Beijing said violate global trade rules . The Commerce Ministry 's comment came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China 's trade surplus and Beijing 's promise to buy more American goods .
CURRENCIES : The euro rose to $ 1.1689 from $ 1.1664 . The dollar fell to 108.66 yen from 108.89 yen .
ENERGY : U.S. crude oil slipped 25 cents to $ 67.96 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . It jumped 2.2 percent on Wednesday to $ 68.21 per barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , lost 43 cents to $ 77.29 per barrel . It added 2.8 percent to $ 77.50 a barrel in London . Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in five days following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon .
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report . They can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/marley % 20jay
By Gabriel Olawale
A PROFESSOR of Clinical Microbiology , Professor Folasade Ogunsola has raised alarm over emergence and spread of antimicrobial resistance in the country , leading to increasing incidence of healthcare associated infections .
Ogunsola who is a Consultant Clinical Microbiologist and Principal Investigator , Infection Prevention and Control , IPC , Curriculum Development Project , warns that the problem may not be resolvable except Nigerians develop a culture of proper infection control and prevention .
Speaking during the Infection Prevention and Control , IPC , Curriculum Development Project Closeout and Certificate award ceremony held in Lagos recently , Ogunsola said numerous forces driving the spread and emergence of antimicrobial-drug resistance include breakdown in infection control practices and procedures .
Ogunsola said the situation is made worse due to selective pressures created by overuse of antibiotics , “ poor Infection Prevention and Control practices such as poor hand hygiene , lack of adequate cleaning and disinfection , inappropriate use of personal protective equipment among others . ”
They pointed out that the fundamental issue in minimising transmission of infection within healthcare facilities remains careful and detailed attention to infection control practices as it forms major component of all health system .
“ For us to combat infectious diseases there is need for sustained IPC infrastructure and programmes should be built around a set of core components which includes guidelines , training , surveillance , multimodal strategies for implementing IPC , monitoring and evaluation among others . ”
Recently , findings of the IPC survey report on infection prevention and control in Lagos State , was publicly disseminated even as health providers advocated for the advancement of IPC practice in Nigeria
A curriculum was developed to ensure proper integration of infection prevention and control into clinical care in the state .
Speaking on the process of IPC Curriculum Development , Consultant Public and Occupational Health Physician/ IPC Specialist , Dr. Tochi Okwor said the curriculum was developed in such a way that benefiting practitioners would train others .
“ Infection Prevention and Control , IPC Curriculum Development Project Closeout and Certificate award is the first indigenous training curriculum for infection prevention and control practitioners in Nigeria .
According to Tochi , who is Programme Manager of the project : “ After 18 months of developing the curriculum , the first set of trainees was trained on the Basic IPC course at the College of Medicine UNILAG .
The training was designed in such a way that beneficiaries will be able to train other healthcare workers standard precaution and transmission base precaution .
“ We also include advocacy , communication and behavioural change , and education using adult method models , ” they noted .
Certificates were awarded to 22 graduating students who expressed their joy at the training and their motivation to go back to their institutions and make a difference . The training is a six month diploma course .
When Whanganui man Michael Hawk was told they had won $ 200,000 as part of a Facebook promo , they could n't see past the dollar signs .
They were given the news on Facebook and they were told to contact a `` John Matthew '' who they found on the social networking site .
`` I told them I was wanting to know about the promo and they said they had to check if I was on the list , '' Hawk said .
`` He came back and said I needed to get two iTunes cards worth $ 100 each and send pictures of them to them via the messenger . ''
Advertisement
Hawk ended up sending $ 450 worth of the iTunes vouchers before alarm bells rung .
By then it was too late , and Hawk never heard from their possible benefactor nor saw their $ 450 again .
`` I had to sell mine and my partner 's computers , our TV , a cellphone just to get those vouchers , '' Hawk bemoaned .
`` I was doing scrap metal to get some money as well to pay for the vouchers . ''
They admitted they should n't have fallen for it , but as they were struggling financially they were lured by the possibility of a large payment to turn their life around .
Theirs is one of many stories of money lost to online fraud .
In 2017 Netsafe reported $ 609,689.30 was lost to online scams and Community Law legal advocate Bronwyn Rogers says the schemes are getting smarter .
`` Using the iTunes forum , there is literally nothing that can be done [ to get the money back ] . A lot of these scammers are from overseas , which presents jurisidictional issues obviously .
`` There are such a multitude of variety of scams and they are becoming a bit more sophisticated . ''
Them advice was to contact Community Law or Age Concern for advice if there were any doubts about an online transaction .
Family and friends may also be able to give advice , but that was n't always easy , they said .
`` The difficulty for a lot of the poor people that have been targeted is sometimes they 're embarrassed to admit they 've been conned .
`` They need to understand that these scams are becoming more sophisticated and it is easy to get caught up and then rapidly feel like they 've lost control . ''
Rogers said they were seeing an increasing amount of romance scams lately .
`` The romance scams are probably the most difficult - we do see a number of those .
`` The more recent experience that we 've had is women being scammed by males online .
`` The amounts of money are being asked for are frequently done through Western Union ... you ca n't get that back . ''
Hawk accepted their money was gone but wanted their story told so others would not fall into a similar trap .
NEW YORK ( AP ) `` Bobby Knight . Don King . Sylvester Stallone .
Many of President-elect Donald Trump 's cultural touchstones , which he 'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter , were at their peak in the 1980s `` the decade Trump 's celebrity status rose in New York , Trump Tower was built , `` The Art of the Deal '' was published and they first flirted with running for public office .
The `` Go Go 1980s '' of New York were spurred by Wall Street 's rise . It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan 's elite . And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style , Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos , which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities they stood alongside during the campaign .
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove themselves across the East River , Trump always sought approval of Manhattan 's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself , according to those who tangled with them during that formative decade .
`` He would relentlessly promote themselves in the newspapers or on TV . They knew how to get press and squash their enemies , '' said Geoge Arzt , press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch , who served from 1978 to 1989 .
The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s `` has long been a part of who Trump is , '' Arzt added .
In the 1980s , as Trump came of age as a public figure , they opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street , took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park 's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League .
They fashioned themselves into a regular in the gossip pages , playing the city 's tabloids off each other as they promoted their personal brand . They also took their first steps onto the national media stage , making their debut on `` 60 Minutes '' in 1985 . The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in their heart . Several times at rallies , Trump invoked a `` 60 Minutes '' segment they had just watched and they gave their first post-election interview to the show last month . That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s .
Time Magazine , which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s , also has remained an obsession for Trump .
Continued below .
Related Content Watch NZH Local Focus : How to make a cricket bat Public Hanukkah menorah lightings in cities around the world Great South American travel destinations
The celebrity business person , who complained in recent years that they are n't named the magazine 's Person of the Year , received the award in 2016 . They called it a `` very , very great honor . '' That marked their eighth time on the cover this year alone `` something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies . They have taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors , including rapper Kanye West .
But while West is a current megastar , Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during their campaign , even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years .
Knight , the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student , became a favorite sidekick . They first appeared with Trump during the spring 's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run .
`` One of the reasons I won : Bobby Knight ! That 's the gold standard , right ? '' Trump exclaimed in August .
King , the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson 's 1980s fights , was also saluted by Trump as `` a phenomenal person '' despite a conviction for manslaughter . King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at their Palm Beach resort .
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars . Tyson endorsed the celebrity business person . Actor Scott Baio , an outspoken Trump supporter , reached the zenith of their fame in the 1980s with the shows `` Happy Days '' and `` Charles in Charge . '' And on Saturday , actor Sylvester Stallone `` who starred in three `` Rambo '' movies and two `` Rocky '' sequels in the 1980s `` was a star guest at Trump 's New Year 's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago , the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after they opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York .
Much of Trump 's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too . In 1987 as they first floated running for president , they took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was `` paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves . '' Their frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s , more than the largely safer big cities of today .
In `` The Art of the Deal , '' they voiced positions on trade they still hold today . That book , which made them a household name when it was published in 1987 , also holds many of the principles that guided Trump 's business career `` and , decades later , their bombastic campaign for the White House .
`` I play into people 's fantasies , '' they wrote . `` People may not always think big themselves , but they can still get very excited by those who do . That 's why a little hyperbole never hurts . People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular . ''
___
Reach Lemire on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/ @ JonLemire
Over the past three months , I have attended numerous meetings with clients to discuss audit results and the audited financial statements that needed to be finalized in time for the statutory filing deadline . During such meetings , the discussion would normally revolve around the client 's financial statements , particularly on the company 's financial performance , which is the first thing the client examines .
I have yet to encounter a client that inquired or even looked seriously at the cash flow statements . I , myself , would have to admit to giving less focus on the cash flow statements . When we perform our audit , we prioritize the examination of items in the statement of financial position : the assets , liabilities and equity of the company .
This pattern makes me think about whether the cash flow statement is still relevant to business owners . Aside from the financial reporting standards ' requirement to submit cash flow statements , does it provide other value ?
Is the cash flow statement really inferior to other financial statements ? Aside from making the financial statements a page thicker , how does the cash flow statement help business owners analyze and understand their organization better ? Is it possible that business owners do not see the importance of cash flow statements , because they do not have a clear picture of what it conveys ?
The cash flow statement is a critical and integral part of the financial statements , as it tells business owners how much cash the business generates . The profit or loss statement is also important , as it indicates whether a company generates a profit . I once encountered a client asking why their company had no cash despite the profits earned . This is where the role of the cash flow statement comes into play , as it supplements the information provided in the profit or loss statement .
The financial statements are based on accrual accounting , which takes into account non-cash income and expenses to best reflect the financial health of a company . The use of accrual accounting , however , creates accounting noise ; it is influenced by the management 's choice of accounting policies , judgements and estimates .
The cash flow statement tunes out these management choices and clearly delineates how much actual cash a company generates . In terms of the reliability of the balances , the cash flow statement allows little room for manipulation , unlike reported earnings . Unless tainted by fraud , this statement tells the whole story of cash flow : either the entity has cash or it does not .
The cash flow statement is classified into three sections : cash flow from operations , cash flow from investing , and cash flow from financing . The net cash flow ( the change in cash and cash equivalents during the period ) shares little information in itself ; it is the classification and individual components that provide the information .
Cash flow from operating activities measures the amount of cash generated or used by a company as a result of producing or selling goods and services . Although negative cash flow from operations is expected in some circumstances ( e.g. , rapid growth ) , positive cash flows from operations are essential for long-term survival .
Cash flow from investing activities normally reflects cash outflows used for capital expenditures , business acquisitions , and investments . For an owner , capital expenditure ( capex ) is the most important item as this is necessary to support a company 's efficient operations and competitiveness . Lastly , cash flow from financing is dominated by debt and equity transactions . This provides information about the type of financing used to support the company 's operations and investing activities , any returns provided to stockholders ( dividends or repurchase of shares ) , and repayment of debt .
Owners can use the cash flow statement to know where the money went and where it came from . A company could have a reasonably good profit , but the unmonitored amount of money being used to pay off its debts could put it out of business . An entity 's use of cash to build up inventories , finance capital expenditures and extend credit to customers are not visible in the profit-or-loss statement . The profit-or-loss statement could reflect good profits camouflaging the underlying problem of cash deficiency and liquidity , especially if the owner 's focus is solely directed at the bottom line .
Cash flow is relatively ( but not completely ) free of the drawbacks of the accrual concept ; it is less likely to be affected by variations in accounting principles and estimates , making it more useful than the reported income in assessing liquidity and solvency . The cash flow statement can also help business owners make financing and investing decisions . When owners decide on the best approach to grow the business , they can use the cash flow statement to decide how to fund their growth . Owners can opt to fund their growth through operations—if the company generates enough cash flow from operations—finance it through debt or equity , or both .
The cash flow statement helps predict an entity 's ability to sustain ( and increase ) cash flow from operations , making it a valuable measure of a company 's strength , profitability , and the long-term outlook .
It can also help determine whether a company is liquid enough to sustain its operations . Organizations can also
use a cash flow statement to predict future cash flows , making it an essential budgeting tool . Owners should not disregard the information in the cash flow statement and should seriously use it to their advantage .
I look forward to the day when in the course of a meeting with clients , someone would ask about the items in their cash flow statements .
Boyet Murcia 3rd is a partner of Audit & Assurance of P & A Grant Thornton , one of the leading audit , tax , advisory and outsourcing firms in the Philippines , with 21 partners and over 900 staff members . We 'd like to hear from you ! Tweet us : @ PAGrantThornton , like us on Facebook : P & A Grant Thornton , and email your comments to boyet.murcia @ ph.gt.com or pagrantthornton.marketscomm @ ph.gt.com . For more information , visit our website : www.grantthornton.com.ph .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ben Fox says Burton Albion 's pre-season is their time to impress as they look to break into the Brewers first-team in League One .
The Albion academy graduate is one of a clutch of young players expected to get more game time next season following Burton 's drop out of the Championship .
Having made their senior debut in the EFL Cup defeat to Liverpool in August 2016 and then following it up a month later with their first League outing , Fox is still waiting for a sustained spell in the Albion side .
They have enjoyed valuable loan spells at Tamworth , Solihull Moors and Gateshead since .
But the 20-year-old is targeting a more regular role with the Brewers in 2018-19 - and they hope a good pre-season can help them catch Nigel Clough 's eye .
`` It 's time to impress , '' Fox told the club 's website .
`` I 've had a couple of seasons now out on loan , so I 'm looking forward to trying to get into the manager 's thoughts .
`` It would be nice to make a few more league appearances this year and really try to get myself into the first-team squad .
`` The loans were great for me , I really needed it last year .
`` I feel much better from getting that experience and hopefully it 's put me in good stead for the coming year . ''
Fox was in the middle of their most successful loan spell to date at Gateshead last season when a hamstring injury ended their campaign early .
Their final game came on April 10 - and they are enjoying being back out on the training field again with Albion .
`` It 's good to be back , '' they added .
`` It 's been a long off-season , especially for me , being injured at the back end of the season .
`` So it 's been even longer . I 'm just buzzing to be back and looking forward to the next few weeks . ''
I so envy people who can sleep . Who can hit the sack with a minimum of fuss and without multi-layered preparation ; who can close their eyes and drift off within minutes .
These are the people who can then bounce out of bed , eight hours later , alive , alert , awake and enthusiastic , ready to face the day .
This week I posted a cri-de-coeur on Facebook after yet another night when I 'd woken on the dot of three and stayed awake until my alarm clock went off at 6am .
It was n't the heat . This is something that happens regularly for me , spring , summer , autumn and winter .
Advertisement
And it does n't matter whether I 'm going through a period of clean-living abstinence or if I enjoy a couple of wines with dinner – it 's 3am almost to the second .
And that 's that . I do n't think I 've slept properly since I had my daughter , 28 years ago .
Even when babies start sleeping through the night , you 're always attuned to their slightest movement or sound .
My work hours over the past 25 years probably have n't helped either . When I was working in hospitality , I would n't be in bed before 3am most nights , and working the night shift on NewstalkZB meant it was 1am at the earliest before I would retire .
I can go long periods without sleep – on one overseas working trip I spent three days and nearly three nights awake and on the go and I think that ruined me for sleeping naturally forever .
But study after study keeps appearing stressing the importance of seven to eight hours sleep .
They contain really scary facts and data – we 've probably all heard that lack of sleep can lead to obesity and cardiovascular problems but one British study found that a week of six hours sleep or less can lead to negative changes to more than 700 genes .
Ha ! Six hours sleep ! In my ( non-existent ) dreams !
Those studies do n't help when I 'm staring at the ceiling after three hours kip , imagining my genes mutating and malforming simply because I lack the ability to shut down .
People are n't choosing to not sleep , for heaven 's sake ! Why tell us the dire consequences of lack of sleep without giving a solution to the problem ?
No wonder sleep hygiene is big business . If you 've ever listened to NewstalkZB you 'll have heard Kirsten Taylor talking about their Sleep Drops .
The naturopath developed the drops for their own use but when they realised how many of their clients suffered sleep problems , they started their own company .
Now they are selling more than two million dollars of wholesale product in New Zealand every year and has their eyes set on the $ 1.2 billion sleep medication market in the United States .
In Auckland alone , there are dozens of sleep clinics and sleep coaches doing a roaring trade .
I have been trying to get in to see Tony Fernando , a sleep psychologist , for a couple of years and I finally confirmed an appointment for March this year . And that 's only because he 's increased their hours in response to demand .
Sleep specialists are one answer but they 're an expensive one . I had an enormous response to my Facebook post , with hundreds of people telling me they had exactly the same problem – although for some of them it was 2am or 4am , not 3am – and with many suggesting remedies .
The asupervisorstioned Sleep Drops ; Tart Cherry juice ( a staple in the fridge ) ; magnesium ( but chances are you 'll get some very odd dreams ) ; the Shakti acupuncture mat ( I 've ordered one and I 'll test drive that once it arrives ) ; melatonin ; talkback radio ; getting up and out of bed and reading then going back to bed when you 're tired ; getting your hormone levels tested if you 're a woman of a certain age ( I am and I have an appointment booked next week ) ; focused breathing .
And one that has proved enormously helpful – not checking the time when I wake up .
It seems simple but I 've been able to get back to sleep as a result of not looking at my clock to confirm it is indeed 3am .
So the clock 's out of the room , along with the iPhone . I hope , if you 're a fellow waker , that some of these measures help you .
And if I find a permanent sleep solution , I will definitely pass it on to the rest of the team before another of our genes can mutate .
• Check out Kerre McIvor 's new Sunday Sessions show , 9am-midday , NewstalkZB today
By Dave Lifton
What 's better than a private New Year 's Eve concert by the Killers on a Caribbean island ? Having Paul McCartney show up . You can watch the legend sit in with the Las Vegas-based rockers on the Beatles ‘ classic “ Helter Skelter ” above…
Continue reading…
…read more
Via : : Diffuser
RIO DE JANEIRO : A Brazilian nursery school guard burned six small children and a teacher to death after spraying them with alcohol and setting them alight Thursday ( Friday in Manila ) . Dozens of people were also hurt in the blaze while the guard , who was reported to be mentally ill , died after succumbing to their own burn injuries . The tragedy occurred in Janauba , a city of 70,000 about 600 kilometers ( 370 miles ) north of Belo Horizonte city . The nursery school was called “ Innocent People. ” The initial death toll of four rose to six when two badly burned kids died , according to news reports which quoted fire officials . About 50 people were hospitalized with injuries , said Bruno Ataide Santos , director of the local hospital . Janauba 's mayor decreed seven days of mourning .
Advertisements
AFP
LOS ANGELES : MMA fighter Conor McGregor switched to the boxing ring to make one of the richest professional fights in history possible and now Floyd Mayweather hints they might return the favor .
Mayweather , who has n't fought since knocking out McGregor in that boxing match last year , teased fans Friday night by posting a picture on their Twitter page of themselves wearing mixed martial arts gloves and standing in an UFC cage .
“ Billion Dollar Man , ” Mayweather said in the tweet .
Mayweather and McGregor 's cross-combat fight in August failed to live up to the hype in the ring as veteran Mayweather easily outpunched the inexperienced McGregor , but it did well at the box office .
The contest generated 4.3 million pay-per-view buys in North America , trailing only Mayweather 's 2015 world title boxing match with Filipino Manny Pacquiao that generated 4.6 million buys and earned $ 600 million .
It is the second time this week Mayweather has teased their fans with the idea . Earlier this week they posted video on Twitter and Instagram of themselves shadow boxing in a cage .
They said “ Come at the king , you best not miss… ”
Mayweather 's August fight with the Irishman was supposed to be their last as it secured their perfect 50-0 record . But the American has retired several times only to negotiate “ comeback ” fights for bigger paydays .
AFP
More top Derbyshire Conservatives have come out in support of Theresa May 's speech despite the question of their leadership and the Conservative conference speech .
The Prime Minister 's speech on Wednesday was marred by their coughs and a stage invader who handed them a fake P45 .
But Pauline Latham , Conservative MP for Mid Derbyshire , defended Mrs May and said they showed “ true grit and determination ” by delivering a speech when they were clearly ill and added that they “ completely supported Theresa ” .
They told the Derby Telegraph : “ I was in bed with flu earlier this week myself and could n't ' go to the conference , never mind go through with a speech like Theresa May did .
“ She had to put the illness behind them and carry on and then through all that they had to deal with an idiot pulling a stunt and we will now have to review security measures in view of that .
“ We are behind Theresa and we need them to lead the Brexit negotiations , as we need to go forward positively for the people of this country which is what they want . ”
Derbyshire County Council leader Barry Lewis said that the recent call for a leadership call from Grant Shapps , MP for Welwyn Hatfield , is `` nothing more than showboating as they clearly have little support ''
They added : “ The success of Brexit is crucial and for the sake of our country we need , as a party , to get behind the Prime Minister , not be plotting and bickering . ”
Heather Wheeler , MP for South Derbyshire , said their constituents were `` 100 per cent behind her '' and everyone that they talked to said how much of a `` triumph '' the speech was .
They said : `` Not a single constituent has said to me that they should go .
`` I support Theresa May and now they need to get on the path to work towards Brexit . ''
We made attempts to speak to Conservative MP for Amber Valley , Nigel Mills ; Conservative City Council leader Matthew Holmes and Patrick McLoughlin MP for Derbyshire Dales and party chairperson but were unable to contact them .
Erewash MP Maggie Throup told the Derby Telegraph this earlier this week said they were pleased to hear some “ good policy ” announcements and that their speech showed “ commitment and some and the new announcements sent out “ positive messages . ”
Theresa May attempted to re-launch their position in the party and give their party a better sense of direction during the Conservative Party conference .
Critics have warned that they may struggle to carry on as Prime Minister in the wake of the mishap-strewn speech .
Mrs May announced plans for more council houses and a cap on energy prices – but the policy revelations have been overshadowed by the controversy of their performance .
After reading the views of Ian Adamson ( April 15 ) regarding an Irish language act and how it is tantamount to a betrayal I consider it necessary to expand on a key point of his , namely that of the De Valeran construction of the language .
What Mr Adamson omitted from their otherwise valid observation is that an Irish language act would not by any means include the southern melange that became known as Irish ( down there ) .
When they were standardising Irish in the Free State ( as it was at the time ) they omitted the Ulster variants on account of their incompatibility with the southern versions , once again Ulster showed their colours to be different than that of the rest of the island .
I say ‘ variants ' as opposed to ‘ variant ' as there were still several types spoken at that point including Antrim Gaelic , which has been academically recorded as being identical to several ( now extinct ) Scottish dialects .
Again , Ulster shows its Dalriadan links with Scotland to be stronger than those with the south .
The irony here is that Ulster Gaelic ( which is now pretty much Donegal Gaelic ) is now on the retreat and unless something is done to stymie the decline then the southern version will be the sole Gaelic identity on the island .
Given that Ulster lost their musical style , their hurling ( shinty ) style and their folk dancing style ( look at pre-partition photos of Ulster dancing , Michael Flatley they were not ) to the south 's versions do we not owe it to our Ulster identity to retain what few distinctions we have left ?
To use Mr Adamson 's parlance , to not support an Ulster Gaelic Act would indeed be a betrayal , a betrayal to all those Ulster men and women who proudly spoke the language until quite recently ( the online census records of 1911 clearly indicate that thousands of Ulster Protestants spoke Ulster Gaelic , that is a fact ) .
I am struck by the irony that if they were alive today then Edward Carson themselves would be opposed to an Ulster Gaelic Act on account of theirs being a fluent speaker of a Southern Irish dialect and hence not accommodated in any such Ulster orientated legislation .
Neale Weir , Formerly of Castledawson , Co Londonderry
Singapore , one of the increasingly popular destinations for Filipinos , through its Tourism Board introduced to the Philippines its latest destination brand , Passion Made Possible , with the Singapore Travel Showcase at the SM Megamall Fashion Hall . Travel vlogger—video blogger—and celebrity , Mikael Daez , and Filipino entrepreneurs Nicco Santos and Andre Chanco , headed the event to share how Singapore inspires them and played a role in the discovery and pursuit of their passions .
Advertisements
Owner of Hey Handsome , Your Local , and Any Any , Santos talked about how they discovered their love for culinary through Singapore cuisine , which continues to inspire the flavors of their three restaurants today .
Chanco , on the other hand , shared how their humble beginnings as a barista at one of Singapore 's premiere specialty coffee shops , led them to start their own coffee journey that paved the way for Yardstick , a b2b enterprise and café .
Daez shared a vlog of their latest trip to Singapore as they talked about their passion for food and adventure , and their favorite spots in Singapore .
Specially-designed “ Passion Zones ” and their unique attractions made the event an even more engaging experience for visitors to the Singapore Travel Showcase .
Gourmands enjoyed free taste of some of the Lion City 's signature dishes like Chicken Rice and Kaya Toast at the Foodies Zone , which transported them to Singapore 's famed hawker centers .
Those with a passion for fashion and shopping , meanwhile , got to learn more about Singapore 's local brands such as Benjamin Barker , Naiise and Irvins at the Collectors Zone .
Kids were also treated to fun games and activities at the Explorers Zone , which featured a miniature version of the famed Supertrees from Gardens by the Bay , and the Singapore Botanic Gardens , a Unesco World Heritage site .
Of this , Singapore Tourism Board Area Director for the Philippines , Lael Loh , noted , “ We are very excited to be holding our very own Singapore Travel Showcase for the first time here in the Philippines . Through this three-day event , we hope fans and friends will be able to discover what Singapore has to offer . Whether you 're a Foodie , an Explorer or a Collector , we invite you to live up your passions in Singapore . ”
Overall , the event gave Filipinos a glimpse of the country 's diverse cuisine , its world-class attractions , shopping destinations and wide range of experiences that can nurture different passions .
Drawing on the qualities that represent Singapore , the new brand Passion Made Possible captures the spirit of the nation , and reflects an authenticity and character that allows it to build stronger connections with global travelers and businesses . It projects the Lion City as a place that enables its visitors to ignite , discover and pursue their passions .
“ Passion Made Possible is not just a tourism brand ; it is a reflection of who we are . We believe Singapore is a place where new possibilities can be discovered and fiery passions can be pursued , ” noted Edward Koh , Singapore Tourism Board Executive Director for Southeast Asia , in their welcome remarks during the event .
For their part , Singapore Ambassador to the Philippines Kok Li Peng , who graced the event as Guest-of-Honor , talked about the growing bond between the Philippines and Singapore , as seen in the growth of bilateral ties , tourist arrivals and trade investments between the two countries . They also pointed out that the Philippines and Singapore are each other 's seventh biggest source visitor market in 2016 .
St. John 's entered Saturday sitting at 10-13 on the season , winless in all 11 Big East games that they have played this season .
The Johnnies will still be winless in the Big East on Super Bowl Sunday , but they added a nice little consolation prize into the mix , as they rode 33 points from Shamorie Ponds to an 81-77 win over No . 4 Duke in Madison Square Garden .
Ponds was the best player on the floor on Saturday , finishing with seven boards , four steals and three assists to go along with those 33 points . They lit up whoever was tasked with trying to guard them and made a pair of massive buckets down the stretch — a layup with just over a minute left to answer Duke after the Blue Devils re-took the lead , and a three on the ensuing possession to put the Johnnies up 77-73 with just over 30 seconds left .
“ They made us look bad but then we made ourselves look bad . We did n't play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program , ” Mike Krzyzewski said after the game . “ It was disgusting , really . ”
They are a very , very good player and scorer . They do n't get much national attention because the Johnnies have n't won this year , but it is not all that shocking to see Ponds go crazy in Madison Square Garden while carrying St. John 's to a big win over a good team .
And it 's also not all that surprising to see a lead guard slice up Duke 's defense . We 've come to expect it at this point , right ? Duke does n't guard , particularly dynamic , play-making ball-handlers .
Hell , I do n't even think it would be right to hammer Duke for losing this game . The fact of the matter is that St. John 's has the talent to be in the mix as an NCAA tournament team . They have been the most disappointing team in the Big East this season and one of the more disappointing teams in the counter . If the Johnnies were winning at the rate that they should be winning , this would just be another case of Duke losing a road game to an OK team that matched up well with them .
But none of that changes the fact that this Duke team just does n't seem to fit .
Grayson Allen was a total no-show again . They finished with just seven points on 1-for-7 shooting despite playing all 40 minutes . The only field goal they made came with less than a minute left , and if it was n't for two more threes that they missed on the final two possessions , they would have left the Garden having shot the ball just four times .
That said , I can appreciate what Allen is trying to do .
He 's trying to play a role . He 's trying to do what Quinn Cook did for the 2015 title-winning team . He 's trying to be the guy that sacrifices their numbers for the sake of winning . The problem is that the rest of these pieces just do not seem to fit .
Take Gary Trent Jr. , for example . He 's really come on strong shooting the ball in ACC play , but he 's been such a liability on the defensive end of the floor , whether Duke is in zone or in man . Wendell Carter might be an all-american , but they essentially play the same spot on the floor as Bagley , and hes not as good as Bagley is . Then there is Trevon Duval . No one respects their ability to shoot , which makes it that much easier to throw bodies at Duke 's bigs .
And then there is the issue of what happens when Bagley is off the floor . On Saturday , Duke 's offense went directly into the toilet . They were already the majority of the way through a slow start to the second half when Bagley picked up their fourth foul , but as soon as they went to the bench , Duke 's offense looked awful . I 'm not sure they had one quality possession during the five or so minutes they were on the bench .
All told , the Johnnies used a 27-11 surge to open the second half and build a 59-50 lead .
“ The basketball gods understand , in most cases , who should win , ” Coach K said . “ We got what we deserved . ”
Oh , and Bagley ?
They sat for seven minutes midway through the second half , the stretch when Duke has made a habit of digging themselves out of the holes that they create .
And to me , that right there is the most important part of this game .
Duke once again dug themselves a hole . Then Bagley got into foul trouble , and the Blue Devils did n't have the horses to dig themselves back out .
The truth is , other than the game against Michigan State on the fifth day of the season , Duke has yet to really put in a complete performance against a team that looks like they can get to the second weekend of the NCAA tournament . They needed to come storming back against Texas , and Florida , and Indiana . They rallied late against Miami and even trailed Virginia by 10 points at the half . Their best performance against a good team came at home against Florida State when they gave up 93 points .
And all of those comebacks more or less have one thing in common : Marvin Bagley III taking over .
It really is n't hard to frame Duke 's season like this : They are a bad defensive team with incohesive talent that would be 15-8 on the season if Bagley was n't a super-human .
MOSCOW - Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday that Russia had not yet decided whether it would deliver advanced S-300 missile systems to Syria , but would not make a secret of the matter if it took such a decision , the TASS news agency reported .
Russia 's daily Kommersant newspaper , citing unnamed military sources , reported earlier on Monday that Russia might start supplying the anti-aircraft missile systems to Syria in the near future . The Kremlin declined to comment .
Lavrov said on Friday that Western military strikes on Syria this month had removed any moral obligation Russia had to withhold the missile systems from its ally Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
`` We 'll have to wait to see what specific decisions the Russian leadership and representatives of Syria will take , '' TASS cited Lavrov as saying on Monday during a visit to Beijing .
`` There is probably no secret about this and it can all be announced ( if a decision is taken ) , '' added Lavrov .
Kommersant said on Monday that experts believed that Israel would react negatively to any decision to supply the missiles and might bomb the area where they would be deployed .
A Russian diplomat who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity said Israel has asked Moscow not to supply the Syrian military with the S-300s . An Israeli government spokesperson declined comment .
Rookie England prop Kyle Sinckler will be named in the Lions squad on Wednesday , despite not yet making a Test start for their country .
The 24-year-old Harlequins tighthead has earned eight caps so far , all of them as a replacement , but they will be selected along with the man they understudy in the Red Rose side ; Leicester 's Dan Cole .
Sinckler made a name for themselves during the RBS Six Nations as one of Eddie Jones ' controversially named 'finishers ' , appearing in four of the five matches en route to winning a second successive title .
While they may not have made their full England debut yet , that was widely expected to be rectified in England 's upcoming Test against the Barbarians and later on their tour of Argentina .
However , they now look set to be unavailable to head coach Jones with Warren Gatland set to name them in their squad this Wednesday .
There is likely to be another surprise 'English ' inclusion among the midfield contingent - Worcester 's New Zealand-born , cross-code centre , Ben Te ' o , who represented Samoa in rugby league .
- Daily Mail
U.S. stock indexes edged higher in morning trading Monday as gains in technology and energy companies outweighed losses among banks and makers of packaged foods and other consumer goods . Bitcoin futures began trading . Oil prices rose .
KEEPING SCORE : The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 2 points , or 0.1 percent , to 2,654 as of 11:17 a.m. Eastern time . The Dow Jones industrial average gained 21 points , or 0.1 percent , to 24,350 . The Nasdaq composite added 14 points , or 0.2 percent , to 6,855 . The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up less than 1 point to 1,521 .
CENTRAL BANK WATCH : Investors have their eye this week on the Federal Reserve , which is scheduled to issue an interest rate policy update on Wednesday . The Fed is expected to lift rates by 0.25 percent . That would be the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year .
TECH SWELL : Gains among technology companies helped lift the market . Symantec rose 80 cents , or 2.9 percent , to $ 28.78 , while Apple picked up $ 2.58 , or 1.5 percent , to $ 171.95 .
Advertisement
BITCOIN : Trading in Bitcoin futures began Sunday . They fell slightly in early trading Monday from their overnight high on the Chicago Board Options Exchange . The contract that expires in January was trading at $ 18,200 . The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $ 1,000 and on Friday was at $ 16,530 on the private exchange Coindesk . Overstock.com , which accepts Bitcoin , surged $ 7.47 , or 16.6 percent , to $ 52.54 .
ENCOURAGING RESULTS : Drugmaker bluebird bio surged 18.2 percent after it reported results from an early study of a cancer treatment that the company is developing with Celgene . Shares in bluebird gained $ 31.10 to $ 202.25 . Celgene added $ 2.02 , or 1.9 percent , to $ 108.11 .
UNAPPETIZING : Several packaged food and beverage stocks were trading lower . Hormel Foods slid 55 cents , or 1.5 percent , to $ 36.69 .
FINANCIALS SLIDE : Shares in banks and other financial companies declined . Charles Schwab shed 45 cents , or 0.9 percent , to $ 50.94 .
ICAHN DO IT : Xerox shares slipped on news that Carl Icahn will nominate four directors to the company 's board . One Xerox director linked to Icahn resigned as the activist investor called off a standstill agreement with Xerox that started in June 2016 . Xerox was down 2 cents to $ 29.57 .
BONDS : Bond prices rose . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent from 2.38 percent late Friday .
ENERGY : The price of oil edged up , with benchmark U.S. crude gaining 33 cents to $ 57.69 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange . Brent crude , the international standard , rose $ 1.06 , or 1.7 percent , to $ 64.47 per barrel in London .
The pickup in oil prices helped boost energy sector stocks . Chesapeake Energy added 19 cents , or 5.2 percent , to $ 3.87 , while Range Resources climbed 71 cents , or 4.4 percent , to $ 16.79 .
CURRENCIES : The dollar weakened to 113.33 yen from 113.51 yen late Friday . The euro rose to $ 1.1806 from $ 1.1768 .
MARKETS OVERSEAS : In Europe , Germany 's DAX slipped 0.2 percent , while the CAC 40 in France fell 0.2 percent . Britain 's added 0.8 percent . Earlier in Asia , Japan 's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent , while Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent . The S & P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher . South Korea 's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent . India 's Sensex rose 0.2 percent . Shares in Southeast Asia also rose .
THE military on Wednesday said New People 's Army ( NPA ) rebels attacked a convoy of troops escorting social workers and a media group that delivered relief assistance to victims of the 6.7-magnitude earthquake in Surigao del Norte .
Army Major Ezra Balagtey , spokesperson for the Eastern Mindanao Command , said the rebels opened fire at the convoy near Malimono town on Tuesday night . They added that the soldiers returned fire prompting the rebels to cease firing . There was no report of casualties from both sides .
“ We condemn in the strongest terms the action of the NPAs that despite their declaration of a ceasefire they ambushed an aid convoy that delivered relief goods to the victims of the earthquake in Surigao . The atrocity committed by this armed lawless group has added to the suffering and misery of the people who are trying to recover from the devastation brought by the earthquake , ” Balagtey said .
The NPA – which declared a temporary ceasefire in the province to allow the delivery of relief assistance – denied it was behind the strafing . It accused the military of staging the attack .
The rebel group also released a video clip of two captured soldiers – Sgt . Solaiman Calocop and Patrolman First Class Samuel Garay – appealing to the government to cease military rescue operations because it could endanger their lives . Both soldiers , members of the 39th Infantry Battalion , were captured on February 2 in Colombio , Sultan Kudarat .
The two soldiers are currently being investigated by the rebel court for human rights violations . However , Dencio Madrigal , spokesperson for the Valentin Palamine Command holding the soldiers , said the two are being treated in accordance with international humanitarian laws .
“ The two ( soldiers ) are now being investigated for their involvement in the crimes perpetrated by the 39th Infantry Battalion against the people and the revolutionary movement , ” Madrigal said .
“ The two prisoners of war also appealed to their battalion commander and the Armed Forces of the Philippines to cease all military operations as these only endanger their lives and safety . At present , however , combat troops of the 39th Infantry Battalion are still operating in Sultan Kudarat while their peace and development outreach program teams continue to treat the enclaves of peasant and Lumad communities as military garrisons , ” Madrigal added .
Helicopter footage from the scene of the Te Anau tourist bus crash that left 17 people injured shows the stricken bus lying on its side before being righted again for towing .
Two of the 17 injured people were seriously hurt when the tourist bus crashed on the road between Mossburn and Te Anau this morning .
The crash happened at about 8.10am on State Highway 94 , on what was described as a very foggy and icy morning .
The bus rolled on to its side and is at the bottom of Gorge Hill near The Key .
Two people were seriously hurt when a tourist bus crashed on the road between Mossburn and Te Anau this morning . Source : 1 NEWS
Three people were flown to Dunedin Hospital , two of whom were seriously hurt .
Eleven other passengers were taken to the Fiordland Medical Centre in Te Anau by bus , with two of them now being flown to Kew Hospital in Invercargill in a moderate condition .
Constable Dwight Grieve of the Te Anau police says the conditions this morning were `` very bad '' and the bus crashed after hitting black ice .
`` On arriving at the scene we had a number of locals helping , as well as international tourists . There were still people trapped in the bus and it was n't a pleasant scene for anyone to come across , '' Constable Grieve said .
They went on to say that Korean nationals were among the injured tourists , who are all `` being very well looked after '' .
The bus rolled on to its side and is at the bottom of Gorge Hill near The Key . Source : 1 NEWS
NICOSIA , Cyprus ( AP ) — The Cyprus Cooperative Bank says it 's looking for investors to buy up the lender either in whole or in part .
The bank said Monday it has appointed Citigroup Global Markets to look for investors as part of its strategic plan .
The deadline for expressions of interest is March 29 .
The bank is 77-percent state-owned and is the leader in the amount of deposits held by Cypriots .
Advertisement
But it 's weighed down by bad loans — more than 58 percent of the total .
That was a consequence of a 2013 banking crisis that forced Cyprus to accept a rescue deal that included a seizure of unsecured deposits in the country 's two largest lenders .
Finance Minister Harris Georgiades said the move would help rebuild confidence and credibility in the bank .
First License Approval Paves the Way for Broad International Expansion
WASHINGTON , DC -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Subsentio , the CALEA Compliance Company® , today announced that it has received U.S. government approval to provide Subsentio cloud-based virtual services to a client in Europe .
Subsentio 's authorization by the U.S. government supports the company 's strategy of international expansion , offering foreign communications service providers ( CSPs ) legal compliance solutions that meet technical standards of the European Telecommunications Standards Institute ( ETSI ) . ETSI standards are used by CSPs in Europe and other nations .
`` Satisfying strict U.S. government rules for approval to export sensitive electronic surveillance technology is a major achievement , '' said Steve Bock , Subsentio President and CEO . `` By authorizing Subsentio to provide our solutions to an international destination , the U.S. government demonstrates its confidence in Subsentio to uphold the highest standards of national security and public safety . ''
Already recognized as the market leader in Trusted Third Party legal compliance solutions in the United States , Subsentio is building on the company 's first U.S. government export license approval to seek subsequent licenses for delivering cloud-based virtual lawful intercept to communications service providers worldwide .
About Subsentio
Subsentio , the CALEA Compliance Company® , provides total solutions for records production and compliance with surveillance laws including the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act . Subsentio 's CALEA Compliance Bureau model is unique in the industry , providing all components essential to compliance with the law , including outstanding technology , legal expertise , and direct experience in law enforcement . The company is based in Centennial , Colorado and Chantilly , Virginia . www.subsentio.com
CANCUN , Mexico : Tropical Storm Nate gained strength Friday as it barreled toward popular Mexican beach resorts and ultimately the US Gulf coast after dumping heavy rains on Central America that left at least 28 people dead .
Advertisements
Nate , which currently has winds of 95 kilmoetres ( 60 miles ) per hour , is forecast to reach hurricane strength by the time it makes landfall in the United States late Saturday or early Sunday , on the north coast of the Gulf of Mexico .
New Orleans , which was ravaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , leaving hundreds dead , and other cities on the US Gulf coast were under hurricane watch .
The US National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) warned of possible “ hurricane conditions ” by Friday night on Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula , home to Cancun and other Caribbean resorts .
Governor Carlos Joaquin said the storm was expected to pass just east of the peninsula , but warned that torrential rains could trigger an emergency anyway .
Authorities canceled school in seven coastal towns and declared an orange alert for the northern half of Quintana Roo state .
In the United States , the storm will bring “ potentially life-threatening ” storm surge of 1.2 to 2.1 meters ( four to seven feet ) in some coastal areas , according to Mark DeMaria of the NHC .
New Orleans issued a mandatory curfew for Saturday from 6:00 pm ( 2300 GMT ) , and mandatory and voluntary evacuation orders were issued for certain low-lying areas .
‘ Prepare now '
“ Our greatest threat… is not necessarily rain , but strong winds and storm surge , ” said New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu .
Unlike Hurricane Harvey , which dumped record amounts of rain while hovering over neighboring Texas for a week , fast-moving Nate was expected to quickly pass along a northerly path .
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards declared an emergency , and warned that while Nate was forecast to be a weak hurricane , it could still cause unexpected damage .
“ Anyone in low-lying areas… we are urging them to prepare now , ” they said .
In the neighboring state of Mississippi , lines formed at gas stations in areas within the potential path of the storm .
Some offshore oil and gas rigs in the Gulf of Mexico were evacuated ahead of the storm 's advance .
Nate was still wreaking havoc in Central America , where heavy rains continued causing floods .
Authorities in El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras have declared a maximum or red alert .
On Thursday , intense rains forced thousands from their homes , uprooted trees , knocked out bridges and turned roads into rivers across a swath of Central America .
Hurricane season
“ We were drowning . Thank God ( emergency workers ) helped us . The river swelled so much it swept away our house , our pigs , our chickens — it swept away everything , ” said Bonavide Velazquez , 60 , who was evacuated from their home in southern Nicaragua .
Nicaragua bore 13 of the deaths , according to Vice President Rosario Murillo .
In Costa Rica , where a national emergency was declared , 10 people died , including a three-year-old girl , after they were hit by falling trees and mudslides . An alert was issued for people to be wary of crocodiles that might be roaming after rivers and estuaries flooded .
Three other people were killed in Honduras , and two in El Salvador .
More than 30 people are listed as missing across the region .
The United States is recovering from two major hurricanes : Harvey , which tore through Texas in August , and Irma in September .
Another powerful storm , Hurricane Maria , ripped through the Caribbean in late September , devastating several islands , including Dominica and Puerto Rico .
Central America , the Caribbean , Mexico and the southern United States suffer an Atlantic hurricane season every year that runs from June to November .
But 2017 is already one of the worst years on record.AFP
AFP/CC
SANAA , Yemen ( AP ) — The U.N. envoy to Yemen on Wednesday expressed optimism after meeting with the top leader of the Houthi rebels in a bid to end the country 's devastating civil war .
In a statement issued before their departure from the rebel-held capital , Sanaa , Martin Griffiths said the rebels expressed a `` strong desire for peace '' and discussed `` concrete ideas for achieving peace , '' without elaborating .
They said they may meet with President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi in the southern city of Aden .
A Saudi-led coalition allied with Hadi 's internationally recognized government has been at war with the Houthis since 2015 , and previous peace efforts have failed .
Advertisement
The U.N. hopes to prevent a full-scale coalition assault on the port city of Hodeida , a vital lifeline for a country already teetering on the brink of famine .
The government has called on the Houthis to withdraw from all the areas they control , including a `` complete and unconditional '' pullout from Hodeida .
The Houthis have refused to withdraw from Hodeida , but they recently offered to let the U.N. manage the port as part of a cease-fire in the city . Griffiths said earlier that both sides have agreed to the deal in principle , and that the U.N. would take over administration of the port as soon as they finalize the agreement .
The United Arab Emirates , a leading member of the coalition , has said operations in Hodeida have been paused to give the envoy a chance to broker a peaceful resolution . The fighting has largely been confined to the city 's outskirts .
The U.N. considers Yemen to be the world 's worst humanitarian crisis , with more than 22 million people in need of assistance .
Around 70 percent of Yemen 's imported food and medicine arrives in Hodeida , and aid groups fear a protracted fight could shut down the port and potentially tip millions into starvation .
Houthis , accused by rivals of being an Iranian proxy , have arrested political opponents , including journalists .
The Yemeni Press Syndicate decried what it described as the abduction of Yemeni journalist Abdel-Salam al-Dais on Tuesday in Sanaa by an armed Houthi force . The syndicate held the group responsible and called for al-Dais ' release .
In southern Yemen , where the UAE acts as de facto ruler through militias it has financed and armed , 29 detainees were released on Wednesday from Beir Ahmed prison in the southern city of Aden , according to two witnesses . They spoke on condition of anonymity because of security concerns .
An AP investigation last month exposed torture and sexual abuse rampant in prisons that sources say are run by the UAE , including Beir Ahmed .
Also on Wednesday , the mothers of detainees and men who have disappeared held a demonstration in front of Interior Minister Ahmed al-Maysari 's house in Aden demanding the release of their sons , according to the relative of a detainee whose mother attended the meeting .
Al-Maysari said earlier that they have no control over the prisons .
Former F1 driver Alex Zanardi doubts Mercedes newcomer Valtteri Bottas can take on their teammate Lewis Hamilton in 2017 .
Finn Bottas has been drafted in to succeed the suddenly-retired Nico Rosberg , who quit the German team after winning the world championship .
Bottas is saying they can take on triple world champion Hamilton , while Mercedes team figures have said the 27-year-old is a like-for-like substitute for Rosberg .
But Zanardi , who last raced in F1 for Bottas ' former team Williams in 1999 , is not so sure .
`` Hamilton has proved several times that they have an extra level compared to the others .
`` Rosberg managed to beat him , but that was about their extra qualities , '' said the 50-year-old Italian , referring to the huge effort and many sacrifices made by the ultimately burned-out 31-year-old last year .
`` Bottas is a very good driver , no question , but he 's not a Nico , '' Zanardi , today a Paralympic champion in hand-cycling , is quoted by La Gazzetta dello Sport .
`` For Lewis , this makes it all the easier for them to dominate the championship . Behind them I see better chances for Red Bull to chase Mercedes than Ferrari .
`` I trust Daniel Ricciardo , and above all Max Verstappen , a lot , '' said Zanardi .
Fatbergs are a threat to human health because they are breeding grounds for superbugs immune to antibiotics , a new investigation has found .
The Telegraph reports that analysis of a 750m fatberg — a congealed mass of fat and discarded items — in a London sewer revealed strains of bacteria including E. coli and listeria , which are resistant to life-saving drugs .
Experts have warned that people could be exposed to the bugs if a blocked drain pushes sewage back up through domestic or commercial pipes . Normal antibiotics would prove useless against the virulent strains .
Antimicrobial-resistance is one of the gravest current threats to global health . Experts estimating it could kill 10 million people a year by 2050 .
Advertisement
Fatbergs are made of cooking oil and other items flushed into sewers . Photo / Mark Johnson
The study by Thames Water and Channel 4 also found prohibited gym supplements in the fatberg , including the muscle-gain drugs hordenine and ostarine banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency , reports the Telegraph .
The banned drugs accounted for more than half the proportion of pharmaceuticals found in the sample , more than illegal recreational drugs such as cocaine and MDMA .
The fatberg was found under the South Bank in London and is believed to be the largest known example of the phenomenon in Britain , dwarfing the 250m Whitechapel fatberg , which was discovered last year .
Forensic analysis showed cooking fat made up the bulk of the berg , and typical items in it included cotton buds , wet wipes , condoms and nappies .
Fatbergs are believed to be the result of growing city populations where sewers are struggling to cope with changing habits .
Alex Saunders , waste networks manager for Thames Water , said : `` We and other water companies are facing a constant battle to keep the nation 's sewers free from fatbergs and other blockages . ''
About twice as much performance-enhancing drugs than illegal drugs such as cocaine were found in the 750m London fatberg . Photo / Mark Johnson
Fatbergs typically build after fat sticks to the side of the pipe , which attracts items such as wet wipes and then more fat .
Tests in the Channel 4 investigation revealed some of the wet wipes found are marketed as flushable , even though they do not disintegrate in a sewer .
The Telegraph reports that dealing with fatbergs costs around £80 million ( $ 157m ) a year .
`` For the sake of our sewer workers , please only flush the three Ps - pee , poo and toilet paper . Do n't feed the fatberg , '' Saunders said .
Gregg Bell joined The News Tribune in July 2014 . Bell had been the director of writing for the University of Washington 's athletic department for four years . They were the senior national sports writer in Seattle for The Associated Press from 2005-10 , covering the Seahawks in their first Super Bowl season and beyond . He 's also been The Sacramento Bee 's beat writer on the Oakland Athletics and Raiders . The native of Steubenville , Ohio , is a 1993 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , N.Y. , and a 2000 graduate of the University of California , Berkeley 's Graduate School of Journalism .
× KCMO considers ordinance that would require Airbnb hosts to register with city , pay yearly fees
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Kansas City , Mo. , is considering an ordinance that would affect Airbnb hosts .
The ordinance would require hosts to register with the city and pay fees up to about $ 300 a year for a house that you own but do n't live in .
Right now , short-term rentals of houses through services such as Airbnb is illegal .
Read the full short-term stay ordinance proposal
There 's going to be a meeting to talk about the purposed ordinance Wednesday at 4 p.m. at the Gregg Klice Community Center in Kansas City .
If you ca n't make it , share your thoughts here .
WARSAW , Poland ( AP ) — The government of Polish new Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki is to be officially sworn in amid reports that some ministers may be replaced .
President Andrzej Duda will hold the swearing-in at the Presidential Palace on Monday afternoon .
Morawiecki , the outgoing finance minister , was picked by the country 's ruling Law and Justice party as the new government head last week . They have praised the government 's current ministers and suggested there will be no major changes .
But the state-run PAP news agency reported Monday there will be some changes . It said Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski was returning from Brussels at Morawiecki 's request . Questions are also being raised about the future of Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz .
Advertisement
Morawiecki makes their first policy speech in parliament on Tuesday .
Philippine ports must expand capacity to allow entry of larger containers , in order to provide direct service and eliminate transhipment of goods , American shipping company APL said on Friday .
Advertisements
“ The vessel could n't enter the port and that 's something extremely important for development , , ” APL Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Sartini said in a press briefing .
“ Today , Manila and Philippines can not take direct service , so we offer transhipment service , ” they said .
The APL chief executive noted that a direct service will lessen transportation cost , compared with conducting transhipment where goods are off-loaded from one ship in a certain location , then transferred to another ship before reaching the final destination .
“ Once you offer direct service , we immediately see the volumes of markets growing , ” Sartini said , citing that the port in Jakarta , Indonesia , offers direct service which helped the city 's economy to grow . According to the Sartini , APL seeks to discuss the said matter with the Department of Transportation and maritime leaders to help resolve the issue .
Sartini said good infrastructure is important to increase trade within a region .
“ Trade is bringing in income , ” Sartini said , and “ we have to facilitate the trade by all means . ”
In the Philippines , APL serves the ports of Manila north and south , Subic , Davao , General Santos , Cebu and Cagayan . Its export markets are Japan , the United States , Hong Kong , China and Singapore . The import markets it serves are US , China Japan , Thailand , Korea and Singapore .
Sartini said APL seeks to introduce new routes and services in the Intra-Asian region , after it has launched a shipment route between the Philippines and India last week .
“ We are connecting the Philippines with every single market in Intra-Asia . We have 150 million containers moving in the world . One out of six of them is in Intra-Asia , ” Sartini said .
“ We continue to open new services . It would be the Intra-Asia scope . We continue to grow the regional network . We are taking new origins in the Philippines , opening new goods market for the Philippine goods to be sold anywhere else in the world , ” they added .
APL could also acquire local shipping companies to further grow its business .
Intel may be readying the next generation of processors , but it still has its hands in many other business segments . Augmented reality is one of Intel 's divisions that has a new product nearing launch . The company is now looking for investors to continue development on a pair of smart glasses that use Bluetooth to pair with phones .
These glasses are no Google Cardboard disguised with different branding , though . Intel will use a laser projector to direct light off of a lens and into a user 's retina to provide extra information in a wearer 's field of view . Internally , the project has the code name Superlite but may be sold under the name Vaunt .
Owning several fabrication houses , Intel has the production capability for top of the line chips but does not have an assembly line ready for augmented reality products . Instead , Quanta Computer Inc. has been contracted to manufacture Superlite .
Back in 2015 , Intel acquired augmented reality business Recon . However , the AR segment was shut down when Intel started to move away from wearable tech . There are some former Recon employees that still work for Intel 's current augmented reality division that totals approximately 200 employees .
The end goal is for Intel to retain a sizable stake in augmented reality while selling off much of its side business . Intel has valued its augmented reality division at $ 350 million . By 2025 , the market for augmented reality hardware is expected to grow to nearly $ 110 billion with software accounting for another $ 72 billion .
Keeping up with advances for processor design is and will remain Intel 's core business . Almost half of its revenue comes from personal computer processors , and another third comes from data center sales . Growing smartphone component sales and expansion of products designed for mobile devices have further improved Intel 's market position .
Image Credit : Hannover Messe
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
People in Sandwell are one-and-a-half times more likely to have been diagnosed with young-onset dementia than those elsewhere in England , shocking new figures reveal .
However , with young-onset dementia likely to be underdiagnosed , experts suggest higher diagnosis rates could mean more cases are being spotted , which may help those with the disease to access better support .
Figures for 2017 from Public Health England show 4.5 people in 10,000 in the local authority area had been diagnosed with dementia before the age of 65 , based on indirectly age-standardised prevalence rates , which take into account variations in the age makeup of an area .
This is one of the highest rates in England and 1.5 times higher than the England rate of 2.9 per 10,000 people .
How bad is the picture locally ?
People aged under 65 make up 5.3 % of all people living with dementia in Sandwell , one of the highest proportions in England .
Birmingham has a prevalence rate of 3.2 per 10,000 people .
Separate figures from NHS Digital , based on GP patient lists , show the proportion of people aged under 65 who have been diagnosed with dementia in the Dudley CCG has risen from 2.6 per 10,000 people on GP lists in April 2016 , to 3.7 per 10,000 in January 2018 .
As of January 2018 , there were 95 people living with young-onset dementia in the Dudley CCG .
In Sandwell and West Birmingham CCG , the rate of people diagnosed has fallen from 3.3 per 10,000 in April 2016 to 3.2 per 10,000 in January 2018 , with 160 people living with the disease at the start of the year .
Dementia is a degeneration of the brain that causes a progressive decline in people 's ability to think , reason , communicate and remember , while their personality , behaviour and mood may also be affected .
Across England , there were 43,000 people with young-onset dementia in 2017 , 3 % of all people who have been diagnosed , according to the Public Health England figures .
According to Young Dementia UK , the actual figure could be higher because of the difficulties of diagnosing the condition and might be closer to 6-9 % of all people with dementia .
What do the experts say ?
Dr Janet Carter , who is on the Young Dementia Network steering group , said that while there has been a push to improve diagnosis for those over 65 , more needed to be done ensure there were accurate figures for the number of younger people with dementia in order to ensure the services for them are available .
They said : “ We 're definitely missing a significant proportion of people .
“ We know that it can take up to four years for them to get a diagnosis and sometimes it 's because of the way the disease is presented compared to in later life , and a significant proportion are misdiagnosed and they may be in other mental health services diagnosed with depression or psychosis . ”
Dr Carter said getting a diagnosis is a gateway to other services , such as support for the person with dementia or their families , as well as treatment , and having accurate prevalence rates for young-onset dementia means services that better meet their needs , as most care is focused on older people , such as day centres , while young people with dementia may be fit , active and still working .
Figures from NHS Digital , based on GP patient lists , show the proportion of people aged under 65 who have been diagnosed with dementia in England has risen from 2.9 per 10,000 people on GP lists in April 2016 , to 3.1 per 10,000 in January 2018 .
Separate figures from Public Health England show wide variations in age-standardised prevalence rates across the country , from 6.2 diagnoses per 10,000 people in Stoke to 1.1 per 10,000 in Camden .
What do Alzheimer 's Society say ?
Gavin Terry , policy manager at Alzheimer 's Society said : “ For people in the UK with younger onset dementia , we know getting a diagnosis can be problematic , and it can vary from region to region for a myriad of reasons .
“ Sometimes medical professionals are not aware that dementia can affect younger people . And they have different symptoms , such as personality changes rather than memory loss . This means they can be misdiagnosed with depression or anxiety . Also with NHS resources so restricted , in certain areas it may be harder to get appointments and therefore harder to get a diagnosis . Some GPs may not see the benefit of giving a diagnosis of dementia , perhaps because of a lack of local support services or the limited treatments available .
“ Without a diagnosis , people ca n't access vital support and treatment – this is particularly vital in younger people as they are more likely still to be working , have heavy financial commitments such as a mortgage , and possibly have dependent children or older parents of their own to care for . ”
What are the risk factors ?
People with young onset dementia are more likely to be diagnosed with rarer forms of dementia and are more likely to have a genetically inherited form of the disease . Prevalence rates for young onset dementia in black and minority ethnic groups are higher than for the population as a whole and people with a learning disability are at greater risk of developing dementia at a younger age - studies have shown that one in ten people with a learning disability develop young onset Alzheimer 's disease between the age of 50 to 65 .
Police released Monday the booking photo of a man suspected of killing a woman inside their apartment in downtown Las Vegas last week .
Robert Roginsky , 38 , was booked into Clark County Detention Center in absentia after police responded to a domestic incident in the 900 block of South 3rd Street . Roginsky suffered a medical episode during an interview with detectives shortly after police responded , prompting the man to be admitted to the hospital , police said .
According to Las Vegas Metro police , officers were informed about screaming heard from an apartment . After making entry into the affected apartment , a man , Roginsky came out and was detained . A woman was found unresponsive inside the unit . Medical personnel pronounced them dead at the scene .
Police learned the victim and the suspect lived together . Neighbors and associates to Roginsky became aware of a disturbance inside the apartment and called police .
Roginsky was booked on a count of open murder .
The incident marked the 28th homicide in Metro 's jurisdiction this year .
An arraignment for Roginsky was set for Tuesday .
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Two days after creating a stir at Wimbledon with their new mega-bucks clothing deal , Roger Federer was back making a style statement with their dazzling tennis as they gave Lukas Lacko a 6-4 6-4 6-1 dressing down to reach the third round on Wednesday .
The Swiss champion was at their breathtaking best as they crafted 48 exquisite winners during a 90-minute match that seemed more an exhibition of their shot-making than a charge towards a record ninth Wimbledon title .
When Federer turned up to defend their crown in 2013 , they suffered a shock second-round humbling by Sergiy Stakhovsky .
There was no danger of a repeat performance against Slovakia 's Lacko , however , and a forehand swish on match point gave the top seed a 26th consecutive set at the grasscourt Major .
Federer will face either Croatian Ivo Karlovic or Germany 's Jan-Lennard Struff for a place in the fourth round .
MEN 'S SINGLES 2ND RD
( 1 ) Roger Federer ( Swi ) bt Lukas Lacko ( Svk ) 6-4 6-4 6-1
( 11 ) Sam Querrey ( USA ) bt Sergiy Stakhovsky ( Ukr ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-3 6-3
( 13 ) Milos Raonic ( Can ) bt John Millman ( Aus ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 7-6 ( 7-4 )
Dennis Novak ( Aut ) bt ( 17 ) Lucas Pouille ( Fra ) 6-4 6-2 6-7 ( 8-10 ) 3-6 6-2
( 22 ) Adrian Mannarino ( Fra ) bt Ryan Harrison ( USA ) 7-5 7-5 7-6 ( 7-4 )
Daniil Medvedev ( Rus ) bt Guillermo Garcia-Lopez ( Esp ) 6-3 6-4 6-2
Gael Monfils ( Fra ) bt Paolo Lorenzi ( Ita ) 3-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 7-6 ( 7-3 )
Infusionsoft has unveiled a new marketing platform with a lower price , free trial and revamped CRM that 's geared to enticing smaller enterprises to tackle the marketing job themselves . Small Business Trends spoke with Infusionsoft CEO Clate Mask about changes and new direction for the powerful marketing tool .
Infusionsoft for Small Business
The company set out on the new leg of its decade long mission to help small businesses with a revamped focus aptly named to suit its lofty goals .
Mars Mission
“ We started out on what we call our Mars mission at the beginning of 2017 , ” Mask said , adding Infusionsoft did extensive research beforehand that brought several specific insights to light .
“ First we found that most small businesses are n't marketers and do n't want to become marketers , ” they said , pointing out the fact most just want to deliver goods and services to their customers so they can grow their businesses through referrals .
Personalized Service
Another insight had to do with the “ chaos ” created for small businesses when the desire to create a more personalized service butts up against all the different technologies available .
The last insight setting the stage for the revamp is the increased expectations and demands from consumers . Mask said it was clear from the compay 's research the small business landscape has shifted .
Consumer Interaction
“ There are a number of things that have changed in the way that consumers interact with businesses , ” they said .
These have led Infusionsoft to shift it 's focus accordingly with a revamped strategy and product . The new version is dramatically simplified so you do n't need to be a marketing expert to get the word out on your goods and services . For example , it includes 50 industry-specific templates that small business owners can use as a starting point .
Central Role For CRM
While the power Infusionsoft has become known for is still behind the scenes , the new version is dramatically simpler . One of the other big differences small businesses will notice is that CRM plays a much more central role .
There are other features geared toward a more seamless experience like the drag and drop pipeline management tool that tracks deals visually . The new version in also much more mobile friendly .
Funnel Efforts
Overall , the strategy behind this latest version is to allow small businesses to funnel their efforts into the industry and toward the target market that suits them best by automating workflows . Mask explains what was behind this new impetus .
“ 'Personalized ' just popped again and again in the research , ” they say . “ It was the calling card for our customers and noncustomers as they attempted to differentiate themselves from bigger businesses . ”
Single List of Contacts
Industry experts are taking notice . Ivana Taylor , Publisher atDIYMarketers.com added their thoughts in a Skype interview . Taylor noted Infusionsoft 's focus on having a single list of contacts with tags for segmentation is important so you do n't wind up paying for duplicate emails .
“ I can say that it 's definitely accessible to more small business owners because they 've dropped the price and with the new platform have included the features small business owners use most , ” Taylor said . “ It will make it easier for businesses who are starting out with a marketing automation platform and CRM to start small and scale their marketing platform along with their business . ”
It 's good news that a $ 10 million `` Sorted Schools '' programme to teach kids about money will be introduced in some New Zealand schools . However , that 's no reason to relax . When it comes to improving our country 's poor financial literacy levels , the responsibility remains first and foremost on parents .
It 's never too early to teach kids the value of money , particularly when experts say people have formed their future money habits by the age of 7 . So giving kids the tools while they 're growing up will help them to manage their finances in adulthood and potentially save them from unsustainable debt later in life .
In fact , pocket money for kids could be their gateway to greater financial freedom and more Kiwi families need to re-instigate the age-old practice
Overseeing a meaningful pocket money arrangement from the outset is key . The main thing to avoid is giving pocket money as a fixed entitlement with absolutely no strings attached . Kids need to know why they are getting it and have plenty of opportunity to maximise it .
Advertisement
For our children , we devised a system that paid them a bonus if they finished a particular job within deadline . An incentive to earn more than the usual flat fee will spark a lot of kids into action . Likewise , a roster on the fridge outlining household chores can be a central focus but it 's important not to turn it into boot camp .
You 've got to make sure your kids enjoy the journey and feel an important and valued part of the household along the way . What 's more parents should encourage kids to be creative , innovative and entrepreneurial in the process .
The kids can sell fruit to the neighbours and friends and if you do n't have a fruit tree , the kids can plant one and reap the rewards . The learning process is important . Likewise , kids can make or find things to sell on the likes of Facebook or Trademe .
For very young children it 's often about having a small purse or piggy bank with shiny coins in it . If they want a toy , then that 's your opportunity to begin making the connection between money and what it can buy . At the same time , you can teach them that coins are valuable and need to be kept in a safe place .
Whereas for older children , you can introduce concepts such as hourly rates where they can negotiate a bit with you . Parents should also take the time to show them how online banking works , and what interest rate their savings will earn .
As kids get older they love apps so find them a savings one that makes it interesting and fun such as Pocketsmith or Rooster Money . Help them set some goals so they can work out the amount they need to save every week to get there .
While having kids save some of their pocket money is an important part of the equation , so too is spending , as is giving to charity .
Weekly instalments of pocket money may work well for younger kids . However , as they get older , the next important lesson is how to budget . That 's when it 's a good idea to stretch out the pocket money payday to once a fortnight . For older teens , you might even want to go to a monthly allowance which will really test their budgeting skills .
When it comes to money , delayed gratification is something our grandparents knew a lot about , whereas instant gratification is what millennials are often more associated with . The reality is every generation lives in a somewhat different world and we can learn from the positives of each .
Regardless of different generational expectations and practices some things never change .
When it comes to money skills the greatest lesson we can give our kids is to reinforce that in life nothing is for free . Money comes from hard work and being careful – not just out of a wall !
If people do n't learn about the value of money and its basic management when they 're young , they 'll be a lot more susceptible to the likes of crippling credit debt and car loans .
And as they get older the numbers just keep getting bigger and bigger . This is of course not helped by all the easy credit that 's available , together with all the expectation , pressure and choice young people face today .
Again , well done to the Commission for Financial Capability on its `` Sorted Schools '' financial literacy programme . However , the role of parents in teaching children good money skills is arguably more important now than ever before .
• Michael Cave is an authorised financial adviser and managing director of Cave Financial .
The Embassy of Japan in the Philippines together with co-organizer , Hallohallo Entertainment Inc. has presented the “ 60 Years of Philippines-Japan Friendship Celebration , ” a free musical event at the Market ! Market ! Activity Center featuring performances from popular Japanese girl group , AKB48 Team 8 .
AKB48 is an all-girl group composed of numerous members , who are segregated into several teams . Based in Akihabara , thirty-two of their latest singles have consecutively topped the music charts in Japan . They have a wide fan base that extends around the world , including the Philippines .
The group has expanded to include many other “ sister groups ” in other areas of Japan and even abroad . Hijiri Tanikawa , Nanami Sato , Rin Okabe , Maria Shimizu , Ayane Takahashi , Nanase Yoshikawa , Serika Nagano , Kotone Hitomi , Riona Hamamatsu , Yurina Gyoten , Rena Fukuchi , and Karin Shimoaoki of AKB48 Team 8 were the performers during the celebration .
AKB48 has performed in many places abroad including New York , Los Angeles , Cannes , Paris , Moscow , Macao , Korea , and Taiwan , and holds especially high popularity in Asia .
Newly released songs hold a 26-time consecutive million seller record and engages in various activities as an idol group representing Japan such as holding regular shows and appearances in TV , radio , and magazines , while holding theatre performances as its base .
Around 4,000 delighted fans and spectators gathered in the event on December 4 . Aside from AKB 48 , the well-attended event also featured lively performances from Japanese girl group STARMARIE . The program also had an “ Introduction to Japanese Culture ” segments which featured anime trailer previews , anime-inspired dance performances , and a cosplay event .
The ‘ 60 Years of Philippines-Japan Friendship Celebration ' is among a yearlong series of events organized to celebrate the 60th Anniversary of Philippines-Japan Friendship and further promote cultural exchange and mutual understanding between the two countries .
British business person Bill Browder , a well-known critic of the Kremlin and anti-corruption advocate , was arrested in Madrid and briefly held on a Russian warrant .
Browder - the principal champion of the Magnitsky Act , a 2012 US law that imposed wide-ranging sanctions on certain Russian officials - confirmed via Twitter that they were released after about an hour in custody .
Spanish police acknowledged the warrant was not valid . But the arrest in a European capital raised concerns about Russian influence on foreign soil .
That question is of particular concern in Britain , where a former Russian spy and their daughter , Sergei and Yulia Skripal , were targeted in a nerve-agent attack in March .
Advertisement
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said they spoke to Browder and was pleased to see them released , but added : `` Moscow should concentrate on bringing those responsible for the murder of Magnitsky to justice . ''
Sergei Magnitsky , who died in a Russian prison in 2009 , was Browder 's former lawyer . Magnitsky had uncovered a web of alleged tax fraud that they claimed totalled US $ 230 million and involved a slew of Russian officials - and was then charged with committing that fraud himself .
Browder led an international campaign for further investigation of those allegations , a campaign that prompted the US Congress to pass the Magnitsky Act .
Browder , an American-born financier who gave up their US citizenship in 1998 , ran Hermitage Capital Management and was once among the most significant foreign investors in Russia . But their mood changed when they were denied entry to the country in 2005 .
In the back of the Spanish police car going to the station on the Russian arrest warrant . They wo n't tell me which station pic.twitter.com/Xwj27xC7Zd — Bill Browder ( @ Billbrowder ) May 30 , 2018
In retaliation for the Magnitsky Act , Russia put both Browder and the deceased Magnitsky on trial in absentia for tax fraud in 2013 . Since then , Russian authorities have repeatedly attempted to have Browder arrested through Interpol , the International Criminal Police Organisation , based in Lyon , France .
Their arrest in Madrid marks the first time that Browder has been detained by European authorities . Browder tweeted a copy of the arrest warrant that was presented to them by Spanish authorities . In English , the document states that Browder was arrested `` for alleged participation in the criminal facts : Fraud . ''
In the face of mounting international outrage , representatives of Spain 's national police forces scrambled to explain the situation .
`` This morning Bill Browder was arrested because our files showed there was a Russian warrant for their arrest and they were taken to a police station in Madrid , '' said a spokesperson for the Spanish police forces .
`` When we did the follow-up on the warrant , we found that it lacked validity , and they were immediately released .... without any kind of interrogation . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A cold snap has seen much of Britain wake up to ice and parts of the UK will be gripped by icy conditions throughout the day .
A `` yellow '' weather warning for ice has been issued for Scotland , Northern Ireland , the North and the East Midlands , the Met Office said .
Icy patches are likely to form on roads and pavements as temperatures dip below freezing on Monday .
Showers of rain , sleet and snow are expected and higher ground in the affected areas could accumulate between 2-5cm of snow .
The warning extends until 11am on Monday , with people being warned they could experience `` difficult driving conditions and slippery pavements '' .
Met Office forecaster Emma Boorman said it was a cold start to the year that could see large parts of the UK wake up to frost .
Temperatures in parts of Scotland and the North could `` quite easily '' reach as low as minus 4 or 5C ( 23-25F ) , they said , due to a large area of high pressure allowing northerly winds to bring cold air into the UK .
Warning motorists to be aware of icy spots , they said : `` Take extra caution on the roads , leave extra time . There could be a few icy patches on untreated surfaces , and the showers could be quite nasty too .
`` If you do run into a shower , particularly in the northern third of Scotland , there could be a wintry element of sleet and snow particularly up on the hills .
`` Because the breeze is coming in from the north , we tend to see the showers mostly affecting the coasts of Scotland , England and Northern Ireland , '' they added .
Towards the south of the country , they said : `` There 's been an awful lot of cloud and rain through the course of the day so overnight that 's going to be finally making its clearance and the temperatures will be falling away accordingly , so not quite as cold as it will be further north , but still a chilly night . ''
Large swathes of England , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland could wake up to a light frost on Monday morning , they added .
The South East was the only place that could be immune because it was the area which had held on to the cloud and rain the longest on Sunday , with temperatures of around 2-3C ( 36-37F ) .
Oxford University Press launches
Oxford Compact English-English Assamese Dictionary
– Bilingual dictionary to build English language vocabulary and enable the learning of English with the help of one 's mother tongue
– Key features include 24,000 words , phrases , idioms , phrasal verbs and derivatives with their translations in Assamese
– Pronunciation guide of English words and 500 notes on spelling , grammar and pronunciation
– Over 200 illustrations , 13,000 example sentences and 1,100 synonyms and opposites
Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 : Oxford University Press ( OUP ) today announced the launch of the Compact English-English Assamese Dictionary , offering speakers of Assamese a vital tool for learning the English language . The Oxford Compact English-English Assamese Dictionary is a notable addition to OUP 's 23 ( twenty-three ) existing bilingual dictionaries in Indian Languages . OUP 's world-renowned dictionaries , available in print and digital formats , help millions of learners around the world with their learning needs every year .
The Compact English-English Assamese Dictionary was launched at an event in the city that was attended by several distinguished guests including educators , academicians and representatives from several educational institutions . The guests of honour at the event included Padmashri Dhirendra Nath Bezbaruah , Founder Editor of the Sentinel , Dr. Dayananda Borgohain , Chairman – Assam Higher Secondary Education Council , Shri Harekrishna Deka , Former DGP of Assam and Shri Simanta Kumar Das , Secretary – Assam Higher Secondary Education Council .
The launch of the dictionary was followed by an engaging panel Discussion on the subject “ Bilingual Learning Materials – An Effective Medium to Develop English Proficiency Skills . ”
Speaking at the dictionary launch , Paras Bansal , Business Head – Higher Education , Trade and Professional Learning , OUP India said “ The development of the pedagogically advanced English-English Assamese Dictionary is a significant milestone for OUP 's professional learning programme – this launch gives us extended reach into the vital Assamese market which has a large young population desirous of improving their proficiency in the English language , for both personal and professional development. ” They added “ The development of customized local learning solutions is testimony to OUP 's long-standing commitment to the Indian marketplace , where we have successfully operated for over 105 years . ”
Research across the world around pedagogy and the impact of bilingual learning instructions suggests that bilingual teaching methodologies accentuate existing vocabulary capacities and reduce attrition in the usage of the language . OUP in India has so far developed and launched 23 bilingual dictionaries and 10 bilingual grammar books ( titled English Grammar Just for You ) . At the panel discussion organized at the event on the topic ‘ Bilingual Learning Materials – An Effective Medium to Develop English Proficiency Skills ' , eminent guests and experts shared their valuable insights on the
rapidly evolving needs of English language learners and how learning with the aid of the mother tongue can accelerate and help develop early proficiency in the English language .
The base of the Oxford Compact Eng-Eng Assamese dictionary is adapted from the Oxford Essential Dictionary . The Assamese translation is simple and reflects the current usage of the language . A pronunciation guide using the International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA ) is provided to help users in pronunciation . This new learning solution has been especially compiled for not just students but also for adult learners of English , teachers , translators and also general readers .
About Oxford University Press
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford . It furthers the University 's objective of excellence in research , scholarship , and education by publishing worldwide . OUP is the world 's largest university press with the widest global presence . It currently publishes several education , reference and academic publications every year , has offices in around sixty countries , and employs nearly 6,000 people worldwide . OUP 's diverse publishing programme includes scholarly work in all academic disciplines , school and college textbooks , children 's books , materials for teaching English , dictionaries and reference books , and academic journals . OUP also provides digital learning solutions designed to meet learning needs of the contemporary learner . Learn more about OUP at www.oup.com
Stacey Solomon children : Loose Women host 's family life revealed
Joe Swash 's girlfriend has two adorable sons from previous relationships - here 's everything you need to know about Stacey 's life as a mum .
Stacey Solomon – who is currently in a relationship with Joe Swash – is only too happy to talk about their life as a mum to their two sons .
Often sharing their opinions on motherhood on Instagram , Twitter and even Loose Women , the former X Factor star has even opened up about the possibility of them getting pregnant again in the future with their TV boyfriend .
But who are the two adorable boys we get to see so much of on Instagram ?
READ MORE : Stacey Solomon opens up about the hardships of homeschooling
( PIC : Stacey Solomon/Instagram )
Here 's everything you need to know about Stacey 's precious family life with their kids :
Zachary
Zach is Stacey 's older son at nine years old and is from their relationship with teenage sweetheart Dean Cox .
Unfortunately the couple split shortly after their son 's birth but it is thought they still play a strong role in their life .
Leighton
Born in 2012 , Stacey welcomed adorable Leighton with their former fiancé Aaron Barnham .
Now five years old , Leighton is the perfect little brother to Zach .
( PIC : Stacey Solomon/Instagram )
Stacey Solomon on getting pregnant again
There have been lots of pregnancy and engagement rumours around Stacey and Joe and she 's made no secret of the fact they would like a third child .
Talking on Loose Women in January 2018 they said , “ I definitely want another baby and it definitely makes me broody when I see people are pregnant and having babies .
“ I already have two beautiful baby boys so if I do n't , I wo n't be upset , but it 's definitely in my plan . I do n't know if it 's in Joe 's plan ! ”
Rainiers starter Chase de Jong recaps outing after 3-1 win over Albuquerque
High Jump Battle at Wolfpack Invite track meet
1:11
There are too many apprehensions going on in our mind and they get answered only when we are done with the deed . Will it hurt ? What about the big O ? Will I be able to orgasm ? But wait…how to exactly put on a condom ? What if the entire experience turns out to be a bummer ? And the list is endless !
Fire crews battled a roof fire on Hobson Street , Auckland today .
The fire was located on the upper floor of the four storey Epson House .
A Fire Service spokesperson said the fire was in the roof space and air conditioning system .
The building is believed to be empty .
The Fire Service received the call just after midnight where eight crews were deployed to extinguish the fire .
If you wish to lead a quality life even after retirement it is time that you start working out on the best social security planning strategies that help you to maximize your benefits with a steady growth in your income post retirement . However , If you are not familiar with all the calculations and the analysis for the best social security benefits there is no need to worry as you can now find the social security benefits planner being offered by experts in the industry that can determine the right strategy that works well for you case . The social security planner takes your inputs and come up with the best analysis to suggest the optimal age or time for you to file for the benefits , the advantages and disadvantages of filing early at the age of 62 and also what strategies work out well for married couples , widows , widowers or divorced individuals .
The social security benefits planner offer you valuable insights on how to increase the monthly checks as much as 72 % by simply following the best strategy that safeguards your social benefit interests . You are also updated on how to reduce the 85 % tax on your 50 % of the social security benefits . Though the social security representatives are not permitted to advice on maximising your social security claims you can still have access to all the information from the industry experts that let you know the IRS approved tax-free retirement strategies and also other social security secrets that are used by the largest corporations , politicians and wealthiest people to maximise their retirement benefits .
Whether you are still working or nearing retirement it is better that you check out for reliable social security benefits planner from industry experts that allows you to plan for the retirement saving thousands of dollars on income tax and get the largest check possible without leaving any of your deserved money with the state department . By following the right strategies you never need to worry post your retirement with guaranteed income for all your life so that you never risk outliving your money in retirement which is very important to lead a peaceful life at that stage . The social security planner considering all the tax codes and rules and regulations still come up with the best strategy that you have ever imagined maximising all the benefits that you are rightfully entitled post your retirement to lead a happy life .
204 37th Ave N # 321
St. Petersburg
Florida
33704
USA
727-687-8272
If you are searching for the best social security planning strategies , then socialsecurityplanningmadeeasy is the right choice . Here you can get the complete benefits which are permitted to your family members after retirement . For more details about social security retirement benefits , please visit http : //socialsecurityplanningmadeeasy.com/
Our favourite melt-in-the-mouth doughnut chain Krispy Kreme is coming - but not to north Down .
An advertisement - which specified that they are seeking staff in the north Down area - `` was not correct '' .
Job adverts for Krispy Kreme
`` Last week , a job located in the North Down area was advertised , '' a spokesperson for Krispy Kreme said . `` This advert was incorrect and the job was in fact for a new store in England . This has since been corrected , apologies for the misinformation . ''
They added : `` Do ‘ nought fear though , we are actively scouting a number of locations to open our first Irish store .
`` The specifics are not confirmed at this stage , but we 're very excited to spread the joy of Krispy Kreme across the Irish sea next year – so watch this space ! ”
On Tuesday a spokesperson for Krispy Kreme said they are always looking to expand Krispy Kreme and `` are hoping to open in Ireland soon '' .
They added : “ We are currently actively scouting a number of locations to open our first Irish store . Although nothing is confirmed at this stage , we 're very excited to spread the joy of Krispy Kreme across the Irish sea in the near future - so watch this space ! ”
This will be the latest US chain to look towards Northern Ireland .
Five Guys Burgers and Fries , the fastest growing restaurant business in the US , arrived at Victoria Square in Belfast at the end of 2015.Later the spokesperson said :
The MasterChef : The Professionals star died in Sunday 's London Marathon at the 22.5-mile mark .
Runners are pledging to complete Matt Campbell 's last 3.7 London marathon miles , after the 29-year-old MasterChef star died in Sunday 's race .
A public Facebook group called Finish For Matt has been set up to unite marathon participants and members of the running community under the cause .
It comes after Campbell , a semi-finalist in MasterChef : The Professionals in 2017 , collapsed and died 22.5 miles into the Virgin Money London Marathon .
Former MasterChef star Matt Campbell , 29 , died after collapsing while running the London Marathon ( Brathay Trust/ PA Images )
Matt Dorber , who launched the page , called on Sunday 's marathon runners to take part in the “ small gesture of solidarity…to ‘ finish ' the run for Matt ” .
Members of the group are also encouraged to donate a £5 entry fee to Campbell 's JustGiving page , which they set up to raise funds for youth charity Brathay Trust – who they were running for .
The page had raised more than £105,000 as of Tuesday afternoon – over 40 times Campbell 's original target of £2,500 .
Around 3,000 people have joined the group since it was launched on Monday .
Matt Campbell 's JustGiving page ( JustGiving )
Dorber added : “ It may be in London , Somerset , Manchester – wherever you are – but if as many people can do a 3.7m run on ( runners ' social network ) Strava on Saturday , and give a £5 ‘ entry fee ' to Matt 's justgiving page , I think that 'd be a nice gesture from us as a group . ”
Those completing the run have been using the hashtag # FinishForMatt on social media , with a number of people setting up group runs in memory of the professional chef .
# FinishForMatt Running 3.7 miles in memory of Matt Campbell who sadly passed away yesterday competing in the London Marathon . Meet at Bramshall Park , Uttox on Saturday 28 April – 8:30am pic.twitter.com/23Fl7x4WW3 — Uttox Road Runners ( @ UttoxRoadRunner ) April 23 , 2018
On Sunday at 10am I shall be shuffling from uncle toms cabin 3.7 miles into Southend in aid of # finishformatt who passed away on Sunday before crossing the finish line . Please feel free to join me the more the merrier ! https : //t.co/7ITi74YM5R — Emily Louise Golding ( @ 20something_uk ) April 24 , 2018
Thanks so much to everyone for retweeting and spreading the word . This was n't my idea but I thought it was a fantastic tribute to Matt so wanted to share . The running community really is awesome ! 💕 # finishformatt # runningcommunity — Adele Clarke ( @ nestanddressed ) April 23 , 2018
Whatever the distance we cover tomorrow @ jogscotland club , I am going to make it up to 3.7 miles – the distance Matt did n't cover at the @ LondonMarathon before they tragically died 😢https : //t.co/WlkzvMM0R0 Join us if you can , run & donate to @ Brathay # finishformatt # ukrunchat — Mums Who Marathon ( @ Mumswhomarathon ) April 23 , 2018
Campbell , from the Lake District , was running to raise funds for the Brathay Trust in memory of their dad , Martin , who died almost two years ago . The charity works to improve the lives of young people throughout the UK .
MasterChef Judges Monica Galetti and Marcus Wareing , along with food critic Jay Rayner , paid tribute to the “ great talent ” soon after they passed away .
It 's scant comfort but some nonetheless that the justgiving page in memory of chef Matt Campbell has now raised over £100,000 . https : //t.co/ddtm7fcgky — Jay Rayner ( @ jayrayner1 ) April 24 , 2018
It is with huge sadness that I received the news of Matt Campbell 's untimely death earlier today . They were a talented , innovative and driven chef with a bright future ahead of him . My thoughts are with their friends & family at this tragic time . — Marcus Wareing ( @ marcuswareing ) April 23 , 2018
Rest In Love @ mCampbellCHEF I am honoured to have met such a great talent and see this star shine . pic.twitter.com/kAsHnZRjkb — Monica GALETTI ( @ MGaletti01 ) April 23 , 2018
© Press Association 2018
PLDT 's digital wallet PayMaya is optimistic of bringing more institutions on board its platform following the central bank 's launch of a new electronic fund transfer service .
On Monday , the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas ( BSP ) introduced InstaPay , which allows customers to transfer peso funds between accounts of participating BSP-accredited banks and electronic money issuers ( EMI ) in the country .
In a statement on Tuesday , PayMaya said it expects to have “ more bank and non-bank partners in the coming months as they get accredited by the BSP to be part of InstaPay . ”
With the new system , depositors of Asia United Bank , BDO , China Bank , Chinabank Savings , Equicom Savings Bank , Security Bank , and UnionBank may now send money to their PayMaya accounts .
Orlando Vea , president and chief executive officer of PayMaya Philippines , said the initiative would help consumers to “ take advantage of the growing digital economy here and around the world . ”
PayMaya has recently allowed its users to add money to their accounts via the online bills payment facilities of Unionbank , RCBC , and BDO , among others .
This is on top of the more than 15,000 “ Add Money ” touchpoints already available to PayMaya users nationwide , including 7-Eleven branches , SM Business Centers , Robinsons Business Centers inside department stores , Touchpay Kiosks , UnionBank ATMs , Shopwise , Wellcome , 2Go , ExpressPay , Cebuana Lhuillier , Palawan Pawnshop branches , and Smart Padala centers , to name a few .
PayMaya has said it targets to cover at least 30 million Filipinos by 2020 . PayMaya and Smart Money reportedly have 8 million users at present .
This is in line with the BSP 's vision to increase digital transactions in the Philippines to 20 percent from the current one percent .
A convicted sex offender allegedly caught masturbating near a children 's party a day after being released from court has been jailed .
The Dublin man , who can not be named by court order , has two previous convictions for sexual assault on juveniles .
They were serving the suspended portion of a 18-month sentence imposed in March 2017 for breaching an order prohibiting interaction with children .
Dublin Circuit Criminal Court heard they are an alcoholic and has scored high on a risk assessment test which considered their alcohol problems as a contributory factor .
Earlier this month Probation Service official told the court the 67-year-old man continued to drink and their drinking has caused management problems at their hostel .
They were released to appear again before the court but failed to show up for court last Wednesday and Judge Patricia Ryan issued a bench warrant for their arrest . Two days later , they appeared in court and Judge Ryan released them on continuing bail .
On Wednesday , the man again failed to show up to court and Grainne O'Neill BL , prosecuting , told the judge they had been arrested on Saturday for indecency .
They said they were caught masturbating near a children 's party at a location in Dublin city centre . Judge Ryan issued another bench warrant for the man but they later presented themselves to court .
Judge Ryan said that while the man was entitled to the presumption of innocence on the most recent allegation , it was a pertinent matter for the court to consider and had a bearing on a decision of whether or not to re-activate the suspended sentence .
That sentence was imposed in March 2017 by Judge Ryan after the man admitted contravening an order prohibiting interaction with children .
The court heard they had attempted to talk to children out playing . They were intoxicated at the time and a garda observed them with their hand on their crotch and their zip undone .
The man pleaded guilty to contravening the order at a location in the city on August 11th , 2016 and Judge Ryan had imposed an 18-month-sentence which they backdated to the date of the offence .
They had suspended the balance of the sentence on condition they comply with all directions of the Probation Service and remain abstinent from non-prescription intoxicants . The court heard a Probation Services report outlined that a multidisciplinary plan was in place for the man and was only available in the community and not in custody .
Judge Ryan said the man has been in breach of the conditions of their release and activated the remainder of the suspended sentence .
The man is due before Dublin District Court in September in relation to the allegations of indecency last weekend .
It 's now almost certain that cigarettes will be increased in next week 's budget . The scale of the ...
UNITED NATIONS ( AP ) — The U.N. human rights chief told an informal meeting of the Security Council Monday that the Syrian government 's five-year siege of the Damascus suburbs of eastern Ghouta has involved `` pervasive war crimes , '' use of chemical weapons and starvation as a weapon of war .
High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein was blocked from addressing a formal council meeting by a Russian procedural maneuver , but they delivered their hard-hitting speech to an open meeting anyway , decrying `` mind-numbing crimes '' committed by all parties in Syria using `` unlawful methods of warfare . ''
They said multiple parties to the conflict , now in its eighth year , `` claim to justify their military offensives based on their struggle against terrorism . ''
But Zeid said `` never before have the campaigns against terrorism been used more often to justify the unconscionable use of force against civilians than in the last few months in Syria . ''
Advertisement
They were especially critical of Syria , singling out President Bashar Assad 's claim that their government makes every effort to protect civilians .
The U.N. 's top human rights official dismissed it , saying : `` When you are capable of torturing and indiscriminately killing your own people , you have long forfeited your own credibility . ''
Zeid pointed to eastern Ghouta as an example .
`` The siege of eastern Ghouta by the Syrian government forces , half a decade long , has involved pervasive war crimes , the use of chemical weaponry , enforced starvation as a weapon of warfare , and the denial of essential and life-saving aid , '' they said .
Zeid said this has culminated `` in the current relentless , month-long bombardment of hundreds of thousands of terrified trapped civilians . ''
`` Families are now streaming out of the area , '' they said , `` but many civilians fear reprisals will be taken against them for their perceived support for opposition groups . ''
Zeid stressed that `` those who have perpetrated and are still perpetrating these mind-numbing crimes committed in Syria must be made to answer before a properly constituted court of law . ''
`` This must be assured and made non-negotiable — for the victims , '' they said , but also for the legitimacy of the U.N. and the Security Council , and to prevent future violations and advance human rights around the world .
They again urged the council to refer Syria to the International Criminal Court .
That remains highly unlikely , however , since both Russia and China vetoed a resolution backed by more than 60 countries in May 2014 that would have referred the Syrian conflict to the ICC .
Zeid also said justice and respect for human rights must be at the center of any peace talks .
`` No settlement which shields the perpetrators from prosecution is worth discussing , simply because such a settlement would be utterly empty , '' they said . `` For peace in Syria to be meaningful and lasting , a guarantee of justice for the Syrian people must be assured . ''
Zeid had been scheduled to speak at an open council meeting Monday afternoon , but when it started , Russian Deputy Ambassador Gennady Kuzmin protested that it was a question for the Human Rights Council in Geneva , not the Security Council , which is charged with ensuring international peace and security .
They demanded a procedural vote on whether the meeting should be held .
To proceed , at least nine of the 15 council members had to vote `` yes , '' but only eight did so . Four countries voted `` no '' — Russia , China , Bolivia and Kazakhstan — while the three African countries , Ethiopia , Ivory Coast and Equitorial Guinea abstained .
Longtime U.N. observers said it was exceedingly rare for a scheduled council meeting to be halted by a procedural vote .
France 's U.N . Ambassador Francois Delattre criticized Russia for refusing any discussion of human rights in the Security Council , when rights violations in Syria `` are at their very peak . ''
Britain 's deputy U.N. ambassador Jonathan Allen said Russia `` does n't want the truth of ... the appalling human rights abuses taking place . ''
But they said : `` We must n't let them silence us . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Nearly nine out of 10 UK vets have experienced intimidation by clients , a survey has revealed .
Data gathered by the British Veterinary Association ( BVA ) showed that 85 % of vets questioned said they or a member of their team had felt threatened by someone 's language or behaviour .
The statistics , based on a poll of more than 1,600 practising members , highlighted that while around half of vets have felt personally intimidated , support staff such as receptionists often bore the brunt of pet owners ' threatening behaviour .
Vets who work with companion animals were the most likely to have encountered difficulties with clients , with 89 % reporting some form of intimidating experience .
Women and younger vets were also significantly more likely to have felt threatened , the survey showed .
The cost of treatment was one of the most common reasons found to be behind instances of threatening behaviour , with 98 % of vets admitting feeling under pressure from clients to waive fees or accept late payment .
President of the British Veterinary Nursing Association Sam Morgan said : `` We understand there can be a lot of distress when pets are ill and deciding the best course of action for a loved pet or sick animal can be very difficult .
`` However , this is no excuse to be aggressive or intimidating to a member of the veterinary team .
`` Animal welfare is at the heart of our work and we are always working towards getting the very best possible result for the animal 's health . ''
A young cancer patient who took to the field for their beloved football team Sunderland last month has won a goal of the month award .
Last month , five-year-old Bradley Lowery who has neuroblastoma , took part in the warm-up against Chelsea , scoring a goal .
Fans started a campaign calling on Bradley 's strike to with the goal of the month award on the BBC 's Match of the Day show .
They were named the joint-winner alongside Manchester United 's Henrikh Mkhitaryan .
Bradley 's mum took to Twitter to share their excitement saying they were `` over the moon '' .
They were diagnosed with cancer in 2013 and last year more than $ 1.24 million was raised for their treatments in the US , including a donation of about $ 354,120 from Everton Football Club .
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
WorkSafe New Zealand issued a warning to electricians about a cable which it says poses a `` significant '' electric shock and fire risk to households .
Master Electricians , an organisation representing the trade , sent out an email last week urging members to be `` extremely vigilant regarding this significant safety risk '' .
Master Electricians said the cable had been sold and , in some cases , installed in New Zealand .
The cable was `` tough plastic-sheathed '' ( TPS ) . Energy Safety this month released a news item saying that TPS cables and polystyrene should not be used together as it can cause the wiring cable to become a fire hazard .
Advertisement
WorkSafe confirmed they put out the warning but said further information would not be available until tomorrow morning .
According to Master Electricians , Energy Safety - part of WorkSafe - had independent testing carried out on the cable .
Results showed it to be `` significantly non-compliant , including cable insulation which will become brittle and fracture within a few years of installation '' .
The cable carried a `` significant electric shock and fire risk for any property in which this cable is installed , '' the Master Electricians email said .
`` All electrical workers are asked to look out for any of this cable they may come across in the course of their work , including on construction sites . The cable must not be installed and should be reported to Energy Safety , '' Master Electricians said .
The company which sold the cable has gone into receivership .
Master Electricians said Energy Safety is in the process of drafting a formal notice covering the importation , distribution , installation and possible use of the cable .
New York governor Andrew Cuomo ordered an investigation into the prosecutors who did not bring a sexual assault case against the producer .
Time 's Up has celebrated the decision to investigate the prosecutors who decided not to bring a sexual assault case against Harvey Weinstein .
The initiative set up by women in Hollywood in the wake of the scandal against the disgraced mogul praised New York governor Andrew Cuomo 's “ swift response ” .
Time 's Up on Monday called for the politician to launch an independent investigation into Manhattan district attorney Cyrus R Vance Jr 's decision over the 2015 incident .
Later that day Mr Cuomo said “ there are questions ” around the case of Italian model Ambra Battilana Gutierrez and ordered the attorney general to investigate .
In a police sting , Gutierrez secretly recorded Weinstein apologising for their behaviour after they alleged they groped them
Time 's Up said a report in the New York magazine that Weinstein could have had influence of the district attorney 's office were “ particularly disturbing and merit investigation ” .
“ Given the multitude of credible reports of Mr Weinstein 's behaviours after the district attorney 's decision not to prosecute in this case , arguably their continued victimisation of others could have been avoided , ” a statement said .
Mr Vance Jr refuted the magazine 's report in a joint statement with New York City Police Commissioner James P O'Neill .
The recent revelations about sexual assault and harassment pervasive in our society are most disturbing . We are leading the way forward with the nation 's most comprehensive reform package . This behavior must end . https : //t.co/iqZwESsZ1k — Andrew Cuomo ( @ NYGovCuomo ) March 20 , 2018
“ Survivors of sexual violence and all who stand with them should know that this account does not accurately represent the strong partnership between the NYPD and Manhattan district attorney Cy Vance 's office , ” they said .
Mr Cuomo said the office told them the investigation will be completed within 45 days .
“ It is of great concern that sexual assault cases have not been pursued with full vigour by our criminal justice system , ” they said .
Weinstein , 66 , has been accused of sexual harassment and assault by around 100 women . They have apologised for their past behaviour but denies all allegations of non-consensual sex .
They are being investigated by police in London , New York and Los Angeles .
© Press Association 2018
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
International Business Machines and Ericsson have announced a research breakthrough that could accelerate the launch of the 5G communications networks and support new mobile enterprise and user experiences enabled by high data rates , including the Internet of Things ( IoT ) , connected vehicles and immersive virtual reality . According to the companies , they have created a compact silicon-based [ … ]
The post IBM and Ericsson 's research on 5G communications networks appeared first on Punch Newspapers .
All five former members of the Spice Girls have met up amid rumors of a plan to reunite the girl-power group .
British band 'The Spice Girls ' perform during the Closing Ceremony at the 2012 Summer Olympics , in London . Source : Associated Press
Photos posted by several group members on social media showed Victoria `` Posh Spice '' Beckham , Melanie `` Sporty Spice '' Chisholm , Emma `` Baby Spice '' Bunton , Melanie `` Scary Spice '' Brown and Geri `` Ginger Spice '' Horner .
They had been seen earlier Friday ( local time ) arriving at Horner 's home north of London , along with former manager Simon Fuller .
The Sun newspaper reported the quintet is considering several projects , including a TV talent show , though not a live tour .
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon , with hits including `` Wannabe . '' They split in 2000 and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics .
ATHENS , Greece ( AP ) — Authorities on the Greek island of Lesbos say they have blocked a ship carrying container homes for refugees and other migrants in protest at the refusal of the government and the European Union to move more people to Greece 's mainland .
A government-chartered ship carrying the containers remained anchored at the island 's main town Monday after municipal vehicles were used to block port facilities . The island 's municipal board was due to meet later Monday to decide on whether to lift the blockade following talks with the government , state-run TV said .
The mayors of five Greek islands facing the coast of Turkey are demanding that the government and EU end a policy of containment for migrants — introduced last year as a deterrent against illegal migration — because living facilities are severely overcrowded .
NARRAGANSETT , R.I. ( AP ) — How has the Earth evolved , and what 's in store for the future ? It 's a sticky question that has graduate student Loes van Dam covered in corn syrup by the end of a day in the lab .
They thought using a computer model would be limiting . So they designed and built a large tank , filled it with 2,000 pounds ( 907 kilograms ) of corn syrup , and added six counter-rotating belts to study how tectonic plates drift and shift .
The corn syrup represents the Earth 's mantle , which melts to form magma at volcanoes and ridges . The belts are the drifting and shifting tectonic plates . Their intersection is the ocean ridge .
Syrup in the tank , which measures 5 feet ( 1.5 meters ) wide , 5 feet ( 1.5 meters ) long and 1½ feet ( 0.3 meters ) tall , slowly moves as the belts pull apart . Cameras record the flow in what van Dam has named the `` ridge zone replicator . '' One minute of each experiment equals more than a million years in time , to show how tectonic plates move mantle material .
Advertisement
`` It 's really cool that with our little experiments , we get clues about how this process has been going on in the past and why those plates are positioned the way they are now , '' said van Dam , who studies geological oceanography at the University of Rhode Island 's Graduate School of Oceanography in Narragansett .
How plates drift is not thoroughly understood , and computer simulations have difficulty capturing it . Them experiments aim to show how plate tectonics created the sea floor over billions of years , and how those forces are at work today .
`` We can understand the flow at all points in the syrup . We 're not limited to measuring at a few points , like in a numerical simulation , '' they said .
Them experiments are showing that the lava that erupts from volcanoes to form new sea floor may originate at a shallower depth in the Earth than geologists currently think . The model shows more horizontal flow of mantle material than previous models have shown .
That may tell researchers more about the chemical makeup of the Earth 's interior , said URI Professor Chris Kincaid , an expert in geophysical oceanography .
To their knowledge , they said , it 's the first 3-D model of a mid-ocean ridge system that can migrate in any direction .
`` She 's trying to put together a clearer picture of the evolution of the Earth , '' they said . `` If you 're trying to understand how the Earth is changing in the future , you need to know that . ''
Van Dam , 23 and born in Rotterdam , Netherlands , moved to Novato , California , when they were young . They always picked up rocks that fascinated them and got their first introduction to plate tectonics in a third-grade earth science class .
The research is funded with a grant from the National Science Foundation .
Launch of new series of Britain 's Got Talent
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Budding runners will be delighted to hear entries for the Great Birmingham 10k Run 2017 are now open .
Applications to take part in the race for next year opened as soon as the first runner crossed the line in 2016 .
You can sign up immediately for just £26 . Anyone who ran the Great Birmingham 10k this year will be eligible for an exclusive £10 discount to take part in the Great Birmingham Run half marathon on Sunday , October 16 .
MORE : Live : Great Birmingham 10k Run coverage as it happens with pictures videos and responses
The date for the Great Birmingham 10k Run 2017 is Sunday , April 30 , 2017 - a Bank Holiday weekend .
The good news there is that you 'll still get the Monday off !
Enter here
Whether your company is looking to move some or all of your on-premises capabilities to the cloud , understanding the impact of those moves on your companies bottom line is critical .
Ultimately , you need to evaluate all of your options before making a decision of this magnitude because reality is that it could be a unique combination of on-premises and cloud that could be your best option . For others a full shift to the cloud may be their perfect solution from a support and cost aspect and then in some situations not moving anything to the cloud might just be the best solution .
However , with all of these options cost is usually the number one factor that will prompt a company to make any moves in this area and even then concerns about control of company data , etc . are also at the top of the list .
In order to get a good handle on the cost of a shift to a hybrid or full cloud solution , Microsoft provides web based tools that will let you take your current setup and costs to give you an idea of the total cost of ownership for those options .
You can get started with their Microsoft Azure Total Cost of Ownership ( TCO Calculator located at http : //tco.microsoft.com/ . This tool is no good unless you are able to provide it key information about your current setup and associated costs so make sure you have that information available before you get started .
One thing Microsoft has made available to assist you in preparing to use this tool is a 33 page PDF document called Cloud Migration Assessment and it is available by completing a simple registering form .
This document 's introduction explains its use and purpose :
`` This guide provides step-by-step instructions on how to use the Azure TCO tool to understand initial cost comparison in migrating your on-premises workloads to Azure . Through one of three input mechanisms , you can model the cost of your on-premises physical and virtual servers . Further inputs for storage and networking usage offers deeper costing analysis , providing an initial comparison report to identify savings when moving your on-premises environment to Azure . ''
For more information about Microsoft 's cloud solutions be sure to check out the Cloud Platform portal and the Hybrid Cloud Blog .
-- -- -- -- --
Looking for an awesome , no-nonsense technical conference for IT Pros , Devs , and Devops ? Check out IT/Dev Connections !
By Egufe YAFUGBORHI
OIL services investor , Tein George , has said the absence of a clear national oil and gas policy in Nigeria was responsibile for perceived reluctance by International Oil Companies ( IOC ) to expand their investments in the country .
George , Chairman Aveon Offshore , said this in Port Harcourt , Rivers state , where the firm unveiled the Egina Offshore Loading Terminal ( OLT ) Buoy , a key component to drive the Egina ultra-deep offshore field belonging to Total in Nigeria .
They said , “ I have been active in the oil and gas industry for over thirty years . I will soon retire , and it is sad to say I have no clear idea of what the national oil and gas policy is . This is something government must address .
“ This is why IOCs are reluctant on investment expansion in the industry . If they are concerned that the fiscal regime governing their operations is opaque , how do government and regulators expect them to invest in refineries and expand their investments ” They urged government to redress this challenge by addressing it in the portion of the pending Petroleum Industry Governance Bill to drive new projects in the industry .
“ The IOCs should be given room to consider the commerciality of a clear oil and gas policy to guard investors on expansion . People say IOCs do not support the Petroleum Industry Bill . Why would they if they have no clear understanding of the policies ? ” they asked . The Egina OLT Buoy , built locally by Aveon in concert with APL/NOV was commissioned by Executive Secretary of the Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board , Simbi Wabote who rated it , “ one of the greatest feat by an indigenous firm in Nigeria ” .
Commission on Elections ( Comelec ) Chairman Juan Andres Bautista reiterated on Monday they were willing to stepping down following accusations of ill-gotten wealth by their estranged wife as Malacañang practically gave the green light on moves to impeach him .
An emotional Bautista appeared at the Comelec flag-raising ceremony and said it would be difficult to part ways with the officials and staff of the poll body , where they have served as chairperson since 2015 .
“ It 's not hard to give up this post or step down from my position . It 's not a problem . My problem is losing my Comelec family who over the years have shown their sincere , genuine care and affection , ” a tearful Bautista told Comelec officials and employees .
It was the second time Bautista hinted at stepping down rather than risk an impeachment ordeal .
“ If it was just me , sure I would [ go through the impeachment process ] in order to vindicate myself . But , at the same time , I recognize that there will be other people who will be brought in and It 's going to be messy , ” Bautista said in a television interview last week .
Bautista on Monday disclosed they had sought spiritual advice from Manila Archbishop Luis Antonio Cardinal Tagle .
Bautista is being accused by their wife , Patricia Paz , of amassing nearly P1 billion in ill-gotten wealth and misdeclaring in their 2016 statement of assets , liabilities and net worth .
Comelec employees back boss
Employees of the poll body , in a statement , said that they did not believe the allegations of Bautista 's estranged wife , adding that the Comelec chief was a man of integrity .
“ [ W ] e all can attest that they are a man of integrity , a man of credibility , and a man with so much love and dedication to their work , who wants nothing else but to deliver pure and transparent public service . They have nothing but commitment in bringing Comelec to the community , ” the League of Elections Officers of the Nation ( LEON ) said in a manifesto of support .
Members of the group said questions on the integrity and credibility of the Comelec chairperson also affected their own credibility “ as election officers and the integrity of the May 2016 national and local elections . ”
“ Hence the attack is not only against Chairman Bautista but to the entire organization , pinpointing that what we delivered during the May 2016 elections is tainted . Certainly , as election front-liners , we can not let this pass , ” it added .
Impeachment groundwork
Also on Monday , Manuelito Luna asked the National Bureau of Investigation ( NBI ) for copies of Patricia Paz Bautista 's affidavit and the Comelec chief 's 35 Luzon Development Bank deposit books , in preparation for the filing of an impeachment complaint .
Luna , a member of the legal team of the Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption ( VACC ) and counsel for former Negros Oriental representative Jacinto Paras , announced earlier that they would file an impeachment complaint against Bautista and that they had secured the endorsement of a member of the House of Representatives .
In a letter to NBI Director Dante Gierran , Luna said : “ [ T ] he Committee on Justice of the House of Representatives will not accept any documents other than certified or original , appended to impeachment complaints . ”
Palace backs impeachment
Malacañang on Monday said President Rodrigo Duterte would support any impeachment move against corrupt government officials if this would bring about “ a correction in our institutions . ”
Palace spokesperson Ernesto Abella issued the statement when asked whether Duterte would support an impeachment case against Bautista .
“ Without making references to any particular individual , the President , of course , is highly supportive of all moves that will set the house , the Philippine government in order , ” Abella told reporters during a news conference .
In an earlier interview , Presidential Legal Counsel Salvador Panelo predicted that Bautista would resign once impeached by the House of Representatives .
with CATHERINE S. VALENTE
Samsung 's new Galaxy S9 was found to be reasonably durable by JerryRigEverything last week although critically , the YouTube channel did n't perform any drop testing . For that , we turn to consumer electronics warranty provider SquareTrade who on Monday , published the results of its breakability testing on the new S9 .
The good news for Samsung and prospective buyers is that the S9 proved more durable than both the Galaxy S8 and the iPhone X . The bad news ? It still breaks on the first drop . Such was the case in controlled drops ( face down , back down and on the side ) from a height of six feet onto concrete as seen in the video below .
In bend tests , the S9 bent under 230 pounds of pressure while the larger S9+ caved at 210 pounds . In the tumble test , both phones exhibited hairline cracks and corner damage after a 60-second run .
All things considered , the Galaxy S9 earned a breakability score of 71 ( medium risk ) while the S9+ garnered a score of 76 ( medium-high risk ) .
Jason Siciliano , global creative director at SquareTrade , said that with the S9 and S9+ , and last year 's iPhone X , we 're continuing to see a trend of beautiful all-glass designs that come with a high price tag and a high risk of damage from drops and mishaps .
Siciliano adds that their tests and claims data shows that even when in cases , such phones are still experiencing damage . “ So , while water resistance has improved across the board , all of that glass means that durability has actually gone backward over the past year . ”
Marcus Law felt Kettering Town “ set the bar ” with their performance in Saturday 's opening-day success at Slough Town .
The Poppies claimed a fine 2-1 victory at Arbour Park with captain Brett Solkhon heading them in front while Ben Milnes doubled their advantage late on before James Dobson pulled one back for the hosts with a fine stoppage-time strike .
Kettering are now turning their attention to tomorrow ( Tuesday ) night 's first home game of the Evo-Stik South League Premier season when they take on Redditch United , who beat Dunstable Town 5-0 on Saturday , at Latimer Park .
Law felt their team did a good job of taking their strong finish to pre-season into the first day of the league campaign .
And they were particularly pleased that the Poppies produced a decent defensive display .
“ We have set the bar when it comes to the level of performance and the work ethic , ” the Kettering manager said .
“ But , to be fair , that has been the way it has been since the first training session during the summer .
“ We have carried the work done in pre-season into the season and I thought we looked difficult to score against on Saturday .
“ The goal they scored was an absolute pearler but chance-for-chance we had a lot more .
“ So the way we went about our business was excellent and we have just got to carry that on . We have set our own standards now . ”
Sometimes , tour golfers have a hard time adjusting to the PGA Tour Champions and letting go of the PGA Tour .
While they may dabble in the regular tour , Jerry Kelly is among those guys but do n't count them out .
If their performance on the Champions Tour in their first year is any indication , Kelly has good reason .
Kelly , 51 , won the Rookie of the Year and two tournaments , then added the season-opening Mitsubishi Electric at Hualalai two weeks ago . It was second victory in Hawaii ; they won the Sony Open on the regular tour in 2002 .
“ When I won the Sony it was the first tournament of the year , the first full-field event—Kapalua ( the tour 's tournament of champions event ) is before that—I still was n't No . 1 on the money list when I came out of there , ” Kelly said last week . “ So this is officially the first time I 've ever led a money list besides the Nike Tour . It 's kind of cool . It 's just another ‘ first ' type of thing . I 'd like to to be more than after just the first week , but it 's still kind of cool . ”
Kelly had a true offseason , not picking up a club for months , then prepared a week before this year 's Sony Open , where they tied for 14th .
“ I 'm usually really ready so this was different , ” Kelly said . “ I was worried . ( The results in the two tournaments ) just makes me feel good . … If I had putted halfway decent , I could 've won the tournament ( at Sony ) . I put a new putter—the same type of putter as my old one , but a new one—and I putted terrible . ”
While Kelly was in the Mitsubishi for the first time as a tournament winner , it was n't the first time for them at Hualalai— “ I was a rookie in the tournament , but I was n't a rookie on that golf course , ” as they put it—and that also gave them some confidence .
That was new because for most of the past year , Kelly has gone through a typical rookie 's learning curve , seeing course after course he 'd never played before . So the Chubb Classic , where Kelly made their tour debut , will end that cycle .
“ I 'm really looking forward to coming back to Naples , ” they said . “ That 'll be my first tournament where I 've played the course . Twenty-two years of me playing the same courses on the PGA Tour , it did n't matter how big and strong and how young and fearless these guys were , I knew how to get the ball around the golf course the fewest amount of strokes for me . It was n't the same road map . It 'll take a younger player two , three , five years to find their best way to play that golf course .
“ So I missed it in a lot of spots this year that I 'm like ‘ Yeah , I 'll never do that again . I 'm certainly not going over there again— that sucked . ' It 's just the type of stuff that you learn . You do n't know what experience is until you get it . ”
So when they get to TwinEagles , he 'll already have “ played ” the Talon Course layout .
“ I can mentally go through the golf course before I get there , ” they said . “ That 's invaluable . I 'll get another 20 practice rounds in my brain before I even set foot and play a regular practice round . ”
Kelly had plenty of that kind of experience on the regular tour . While they only had three victories—two of them in 2002—he had 91 top-10 finishes and won over $ 28 million . In their last full tour season in 2015-16 , they had a second-place finish at the Travelers and was 72nd in the FedEx Cup rankings , so they came into the Champions Tour more than ready .
Kelly tied for third at the Chubb Classic in their tour debut , and was top 15 or better in seven of their first nine events . They hit a bit of a rough patch after a tie for 12th in the US Senior Open , but came out of it with their first victory at the Boeing Classic . They tied for sixth the next week , then won again at the Pacific Links Bear Mountain Championship . They were second at Pebble Beach and ended their year with a sixth .
Kelly downplayed winning the Rookie of the Year a bit .
“ There 's not like 30 to 35 of them , ” they said , referring to the larger rookie class on the regular tour . “ It 's still a testament . They 're all still great players . ( Bernhard ) Langer won four times and led the money list their rookie season , so it definitely pales in comparison . ”
While Kelly did n't pick up a club for months in the offseason , they did get back to more of a workout regimen .
“ I went and traveled with my son and took them to school and baseball , and did a lot of stuff in between , ” they said . “ I still played a lot , but that affected my body toward the end of the year . I kind of broke down . So I 'm getting back to working with my trainer and being healthy throughout the year—the whole year . ”
That year will include a return to the regular tour for the AT & T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am next week where he 'll again play with Packers star quarterback Aaron Rodgers . This is n't a passing opportunity for Kelly to interact with Rodgers , so , for example , Green Bay 's front office upheaval likely wo n't be a big topic .
TNS
Even though most of us celebrate being Black all day , every day — tis ' the season to honor our people publicly and unapologetically .
Happy Black History month❤️🖤💚 Me walking into February like… ✊🏾 # BlackHistoryMonth pic.twitter.com/GQwbV1phZ7 — CharmaineCrutchfield ( @ justcharmizzle ) February 1 , 2018
And what 's a Black celebration without good music ? Hit the flip for some tunes that 'll have you feeling proud , woke and wanting to two-step at the same time .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Outdoor equipment company Kathmandu is considering a launch into the United States after its purchase of North American retailer Oboz Footwear .
At its half-year results today , the company announced its acquisition of the brand for US $ 60 million ( $ 83m ) in cash and the potential earn up to US $ 15m .
For the six months to January 31 , the company reported profit of $ 12.3m , up 23 per cent on the same period last year .
First-half sales rose 4.3 per cent to $ 204.8 million , in line with the company 's forecast .
Advertisement
Wholesaler Oboz had been selling through Kathmandu for 10 years , and chief executive Xavier Simonet said the team had significant knowledge of the outdoor industry and the US market that Kathmandu could tap into .
`` We 've been looking at the US market for some time , and when you look at the customers and retailers Oboz have in the US , it 's a dream distribution for us , '' Simonet said .
`` If we could work with the Oboz customers in the US and launch Kathmandu with them , that would be brilliant because they 're core authentic outdoor retailers and we can tap into that knowledge for sure . ''
Simonet said the acquisition would help accelerate the company 's international growth as well as helping Kathmandu to diversify its risk profile , adding that the two brands were complementary .
Oboz does n't operate bricks and mortar stores in the US , but Simonet said launching a combined store selling the two brands was an option .
In 2015 Kathmandu closed its network of British stores which were underperforming , opting instead for an online and wholesale model which was lighter on capital and expenditure .
A focus on managing its inventory and taking a more cautious approach to stock levels had also helped the company shift away from needing to discount heavily to shift excess stock .
Oboz Footwear may help Kathmandu expand into the US . Photo / Supplied
In the latest period , the gross margin increased to 63.3 per cent from 61.6 per cent in the same period a year earlier than more product was sold at full-price and higher average selling prices , the company said , adding that February margins were also ahead of last year .
Kathmandu said clearance inventory levels at the start of the financial year were about 40 per cent below the year earlier .
`` While this impacted clearance sales performance , particularly in the first quarter in New Zealand , there were benefits to both gross margin and inventory handling costs , '' Kathmandu said .
`` By the end of the first half , the reset clearance stock levels were more in line with last year . ''
The retailer valued inventory at $ 84.2m at the end of the first half , compared with $ 96.4m a year earlier .
Kathmandu will pay a first-half dividend of 4 cents per share on June 22 , unchanged from the year-earlier period .
The company plans to raise $ 40m , selling 18.5 million new shares at $ 2.16 apiece to institutional and sophisticated investors in Australia , New Zealand and some other countries , it said .
The purchase price is a 10 per cent discount to the company 's $ 2.40 closing share price yesterday .
It also intends to raise as much as $ 10m selling shares to eligible retail shareholders in Australia and New Zealand for the same $ 2.16 share price as institutional investors .
The shares , which have gained 24 per cent over the past year , are halted from trading until tomorrow due to the share placement .
Kathmandu noted that it has secured A $ 90m of funding from Commonwealth Bank of Australia and $ 90m from Bank of New Zealand , as part of its multi-option facilities agreements .
- additional reporting BusinessDesk
What does the winter weather have in store for you ? There 's good and bad news in NIWA 's latest outlook
Find out all the information for your region in NIWA 's May to July outlook .
The Lawton Fire Department 's station No . 5 received a surprise honor Tuesday from the National Weather Service .
For the last 50 years , the station has gathered weather statistics from temperatures to precipitation totals and sent it to the NWS in Norman . There , the data is examined and used in research to continue to improve meteorological data that could lead to more accurate forecasts and further advanced warnings in the event of severe weather .
LFD Maj. Dudley Teeter was on-hand Tuesday to receive an award and plaque recognizing the station for its half-century of service from Forrest Mitchell , an observations program leader and forecaster for the NWS . They were unaware the station was even being honored until they received a phone call from Mitchell earlier in the morning with a message to expect their arrival .
`` This is something we 're proud of , '' Teeter said . `` We take the samples of the precipitation each day and send it in to the NWS . We never thought we 'd get anything like this for doing that . ''
The station has continued to take precipitation totals since 1967 , but stopped collecting temperature readings once the new building was constructed . Teeter , who admitted they did n't even know themselves until they were told by Mitchell , said the department stopped taking temperatures because the concrete the building is made out of collects the heat from the sun , making any readings inaccurate . Those duties are had been passed to the Lawton-Fort Sill Regional Airport , which also collects a second precipitation reading for the city of Lawton .
For 2018 , the global economy will surge past the consensus expectations , from the earlier forecast of 3 percent plus to 4 percent , according to the most serious of global economic forecasts . The US GDP , with its awesome base , is expected to post 2.5 percent growth and the Euro area by 2.2 percent . Shaking off its traditional sluggishness and its now infamous “ Lost Decades , ” Japan is expected to have 1.6 percent growth . From Australia to Sweden , growth will likewise be impressive for this year .
The BRIC economies of Brazil , Russia , India and China , are all expected to do well , with China—surprisingly—as the least impressive performer among the four countries . China 's effort to remedy the flaws of the past years of rapid expansion will slow down the economy—by a tiny , wee bit . But at 6 percent plus , that growth rate will still be in the league of the top global performers .
In Europe , the United Kingdom , which is currently on its separation pains from the European Union after its Brexit vote , will be the most unimpressive 2018 performer in the region at 1.3 percent , according to forecasters . Ms. May , the prime minister , is also deemed as an uninspiring leader . The UK is deemed as an outlier .
So what will be the state of the Philippine economy in this year of boundless global optimism ? “ We are on a roll , ” said Mr. Roque , the presidential spokesperson , and that is an apt description of the state of the national economy for this year . The Philippines and other emerging markets are expected to perform better this year as a regime of broad-based economic surge is taking place across all regions , an entirely different story from the global sluggishness 10 years ago . Year 2019 may even be better .
Of course , in their state of irrational exuberance , Mr. Roque named the record-breaking trading on the bourse as Exhibit A of the awesome state of the national economy . Serious economists use other benchmarks , not the trading level at the stock exchange , as Exhibit A of a country 's economic health . There is always this possibility that foreign money invested through the exchange may move away tomorrow to other courses with better yields . So the all-time high of 9,041.20 points posted a few days back on the exchange may not be an accurate barometer of sustained confidence . A drop in it may be taking place right now .
( Argentina , per the global tally of 2017 , posted the highest percentage gain of 77 percent in the global stock market boom . Turkey and Nigeria followed with 48 percent and 42 percent increases , respectively . Nikkei 225 index jumped 19 percent last year . And the Hong Kong stock exchange index rallied 36 percent . The boom is a triumph for the global elite , the Filipino elite included , not the Everyman . )
So , what are the true and legitimate sources of economic confidence ?
The improving performance of the manufacturing sector is one . The improving performance of the agriculture sector is another .
The passage of the TRAIN Law , which gives generous tax breaks to the ordinary wage earners , will ramp up consumer spending . The poor and the low-income brackets—and this is universally true—are the most enthusiastic spenders . The wage earners to benefit from the TRAIN will do just that .
Of course , the usual anchors have been delivering , the OFWs and their heroic remittances and the BPO sector . The services sector may not be the star sector this year but it delivers without fail . The two sectors , the OFWs and the BPOs , generate more than $ 50 billion year in and year out with no support , with barely any investment , from government .
The Philippines may perform better than the forecast by the Asian Development Bank of between 6.6 percent and 6.7 percent for 2018 . There is solid basis to the analysis that Vietnam and the Philippines will be the two “ standout ” economies in the region for this year .
And on the political side , there is no EJK policy for the people in business . While Mr. Duterte is into occasional , intemperate outbursts directed at one or two oligarchs , they have safely stayed out of economic policy . They tempered the initial urge to appoint Mr. Yasay to the Bangko Sentral and named a veteran and serious economist to that post . Their economic team , led by Mr. Dominguez and Mr. Pernia , is more conservative and orthodox than the economic team of Mr. Aquino and would not engage in acts of recklessness and adventurism .
I wrote a piece on this with this headline : The super-rich had bliss under Mr. Aquino , heaven under Mr. Duterte .
That Mr. Duterte passes on all serious questions on the economy policy to “ Dominguez ” gives the investors the supreme confidence that investment policies will remain stable and sustained .
So what would throw this global optimism off its exuberant course ?
First , if Mr. Trump decides to nuke either Iran or North Korea . This will be the kind of adventurism that would upset the whole global economic order and plunge the world into an unwanted war . Economies would be devastated by a war of this horrific kind and nature .
In the country , a constitutional assembly that would lead to the two dreaded scenarios of “ no-el ” and term extensions will probably lead to political unrest . People generally support Mr. Duterte and their policies . But they have also demonstrated a historical aversion to a type of charter change that pushes for no elections and term extensions for politicians currently in power .
Power grabs attempted under the guise of constitutional amendments failed to gain popular support under previous governments . This time , it will not be different , even with the sky-high support for Mr. Duterte .
Mr. Duterte themselves said they would not agree to a term extension . Let it stay that way .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — It landed with a thud on newsstands at Walmart and rural supermarkets last month : Ninety-seven fawning pages saluting Saudi Arabia , whose ambitious crown prince was soon to arrive in the U.S. on a PR blitz to transform their country 's image .
As questions swirled about the glossy magazine 's origins , the Saudis said they were just as perplexed as everyone else , declaring on Twitter : `` If you find out , we 'd love to know . ''
But files obtained by The Associated Press show that a digital copy of the magazine , produced by American Media Inc. , was quietly shared with officials at the Saudi Embassy in Washington almost three weeks before its publication .
A glossy magazine about Saudi Arabia is photographed in Washington , Monday April 23 , 2018 . J. David Ake / AP
How the early copy made it to the Saudis is unclear . Yet the revelation adds another mysterious twist to a murky tale playing out against the backdrop of bids by both President Donald Trump and David Pecker , the tabloid publisher who supports him , to build goodwill with the Saudi kingdom 's leaders .
The worlds of Trump , the Saudis and AMI have overlapped before , often in dizzying ways . The Trump administration has aggressively courted the Saudis and found a willing partner on a range of issues , including Iran , counterterrorism and Middle East peace , in the kingdom 's royal family . And AMI 's flagship publication , The National Enquirer , has been accused by critics of acting as a keeper of secrets for Trump .
AMI denies that it shared an advance copy of `` The New Kingdom '' with the Saudis or consulted with them on the project , and AMI says the Saudis did not pay the company to produce the magazine . But an individual with knowledge of the situation said AMI indeed reached out to Saudi officials in the U.S. before publication to seek help with the content . The Saudis never responded , said the individual , who was n't authorized to comment publicly and requested anonymity .
THE government will file charges against any person or group who extended support to the Maute terrorists in Marawi City , a military official said Friday .
Advertisements
Maj. Gen. Restituto Padilla said the military is gathering evidence against these groups and individuals .
“ There have been those who have been partial to the rebels . As soon as we gather evidence that are good enough , we will initiate legal action to make them answerable for their crimes , ” Padilla said in a news conference .
“ The state has the right to defend itself , and we are in pursuit of restoration of rule of law and law and order in the area , ” they added .
The military official said the Maute Group that has been battling government troops since May is still holding 40 hostages . They said the information came from 17 hostages rescued by the military last week .
“ Based on the debriefing that was conducted on the rescued hostages , they have passed the information to us that there are still 40 hostages in the area , along with 40 to 50 armed members of the [ Maute ] terrorist group , ” Padilla said .
“ This [ information ] becomes a very important factor in planning our final push [ of military operations ] in areas held by the terrors group . This is the reason why we are not saying a timeline on when our operations should end because there are still hostages [ to be rescued ] , ” they added .
But Padilla is confident that the clashes will be over “ soon . ”
“ We expect that this [ Marawi conflict ] wo n't last long , that it wo n't be around once we host the Asean meeting in November . We will finish the mission as soon as possible , rid the area of all armed groups and rescue the hostages , ” they told reporters .
Padilla was referring to Manila 's hosting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( Asean ) Summit Leaders Meeting next month .
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tide is turning
Steve Bruce reckons the ‘ dark days ' at Aston Villa are now finally behind them .
The club had struggled for years in the Premier League before that fatal relegation season in 2016 and last term 's failed promotion push made matters even worse .
But a fine start to 2018 has lifted spirits in the claret and blue camp and automatic promotion is now in sight .
Away from football , this week has been particularly difficult for the boss after dealing with an illness to their mother .
But the strong support network around them at Villa have played a major role in keeping things ticking over .
“ I must thank my staff this week because they 've been great , ” said Bruce .
“ They prepared the team for Sheffield United so they deserve all the plaudits .
“ I watched on as the staff , supporters , the team , all celebrated . The whole lot of them were engrossed in the winning goal .
“ And it 's little moments like that , that tell me , thankfully , it is starting to turn our way a little bit .
“ Hopefully the tide is turning . ''
Roomies
Aaron Tshibola will be facing a familiar face this weekend when their loan club Kilmarnock face Celtic in the SPL .
The 23-year-old made the move north of the border to join Killie for the remainder of the season , after their MK Dons spell came to a premature end .
For a short while in 2016 , the young midfielder was in the same side as Scott Sinclair , before the winger left for the Scottish champions .
And speaking to BT Sport , Tshibola revealed that the pair shared a room while on pre-season under Roberto Di Matteo .
“ He was actually my room-mate at Aston Villa , ” Tshibola said .
“ I know Scotty quite well and it will be good to see them again . We have kept in touch .
“ I did n't really speak to them too much before coming up here but I 'm obviously aware of what Scotty 's achieved here . He 's a great player and a great person so I 'm happy for him .
Signings rated
Dr Tony Xia has spent around £80million of their hard-earned cash and handed out whopping contracts to give Aston Villa a shot at the Premier League .
Villa 's Chinese owner has signed 25 players since buying out Randy Lerner 18 months ago . In fact , their spending has been so vast that Villa has spent the last six months trying to avoid breaching Financial Fair Play regulations .
The first manager of the Xia era , Roberto Di Matteo , was handed a whopping transfer kitty in 2016 and signed nine players on permanent deals .
The second , Steve Bruce , has signed 16 players in little over 15 months since replacing the Italian in the Villa hotseat .
The only signing who has n't been immediately drafted into the first team is rookie defender Jacob Bedeau , who cost the club the best part of £1million when they joined from Bury this time last year .
As most of you are probably aware , the Birmingham Mail put out an appeal on social media yesterday for supporters ' opinions on the 25 .
Benchwarmers
Aston Villa 's substitutes would beat Burton Albion at the moment .
That 's the view of Nigel Clough , who is preparing their Brewers side for the trip across the Midlands to Villa Park this weekend .
Burton are rock bottom of the Championship at present , having lost their last three matches including the 3-1 reverse at home to Reading on Tuesday , and are now a couple of points adrift of safety .
The claret and blues , meanwhile , are in polar opposite form - they 've now won five games in a row and are up to third .
Clough , who saw their side edged out in a 2-1 defeat in the same fixture last season , pulled no punches about where the two sides are at at the moment and even suggested Villa had enough quality on the bench to beat Albion .
Grabban the opportunity
Lewis Grabban wants to fire in the goals that send Aston Villa back to the Premier League - and then make Villa Park their home .
The 30-year-old joined on loan from Bournemouth but knows that their only way of achieving a permanent deal is by repeating the goalscoring form that made them a hit at Sunderland earlier this term .
Grabban smashed in 12 goals for the Black Cats and wants a similar return in the Midlands as the claret and blues chase down automatic promotion .
They will have to wait for at least another week to get underway , though , after boss Steve Bruce revealed they would not be risking them in the matchday 18 against Burton Albion after a month without a game .
The feeling of disappointment is evident as the striker conducts their first interview since joining with the Birmingham Mail .
This is a man who is now at their 12th club but explains the only reason for so many loan moves in their career is because he 's desperate to play .
An explanation
Steve Bruce has confirmed Aston Villa are NOT in a position to offer Alan Hutton a new contract due to their ongoing battle with Financial Fair Play .
Hutton , 33 , has been in excellent form for Villa this season and Bruce has selected them from the start in 16 of the last 18 Championship fixtures .
The Scottish defender is out of contract at the end of the season and recently approached the manager to discuss the possibility of a renewal only to be told an extension was off the table .
Despite Hutton 's disappointment , Bruce insists it 's ‘ not the end of the world ' for the defender and expects plenty of suitors . The Villa manager also refused to rule out a u-turn - but that depends on what division Villa are in come the end of the campaign .
Transcript
Aston Villa take on basement side Burton Albion at Villa Park tomorrow looking to secure their sixth consecutive Championship win .
Nigel Clough 's side have really struggled of late and Steve Bruce 's promotion chasers are expected to put them to the sword .
Burton were on the agenda at Bruce 's pre-match press conference this afternoon , as was new boy Lewis Grabban .
Here 's everything the manager said in the first part of Villa 's media briefing .
Too soon
Steve Bruce has hinted today 's match with Burton Albion will come too soon for Aston Villa newbie Lewis Grabban as the Bournemouth loanee looks to get up to speed following their Deadline Day arrival .
Grabban trained with Villa for the first time yesterday following their last minute switch from the Premier League Cherries and Bruce is delighted to have added another forward to their ranks .
Bruce made no secret of their desire to bring in a new striker at the beginning of the transfer window with Jonathan Kodjia out long term .
Leonardo Ulloa was Bruce 's first choice target but the Argentine elected to re-join former club Brighton rather than link up with Villa .
But the man Villa did get , Grabban , will prove an ‘ excellent bit of business ' according to Bruce .
Big factor
Tommy Elphick has cited Reading manager Jaap Stam as the key reason behind their decision to leave Aston Villa for the Royals .
Elphick , 30 , was allowed to leave Villa Park after making just three Championship starts this season and linked up with Reading on Monday .
The former Villa captain will spend the rest of the campaign on loan at the Madejski Stadium in a move which should be made permanent in the summer .
And Elphick is delighted to link up with Stam , whom they admired as a player .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Here 's hoping
Aston Villa want to make Sam Johnstone their goalkeeper for the long-term future but know the only way to keep them at the club is to win promotion .
The on-loan Manchester United stopper has starred this season and was influential in the latest win at Sheffield United .
No other goalkeeper in the Championship has more clean sheets than Johnstone this season and that 's part of the reason why boss Steve Bruce is desperate to sign them up in the summer .
“ We hope they will be our keeper for the next five years , ” said Bruce .
“ That would delight me . They are a big tick as far as we are concerned .
“ But whether we can do a deal , we will have to wait until the end of the season . ”
Selection dilemma
Aston Villa go in search of a little bit of history against Burton Albion this weekend .
Steve Bruce 's side are taking 2018 by storm and recorded a fifth successive Championship win courtesy of Robert Snodgrass ' late stunner at Sheffield United on Tuesday .
If Villa can beat Burton - who they dismantled 4-0 at the Pirelli Stadium in September - they will have recorded six league wins on the spin for the first time since 1990 .
The claret and blues are third in the Championship and just one point behind Derby County , who take on Brentford on Saturday .
Team news
Villa are expected to be at virtually full strength once again . Jonathan Kodjia ( ankle ) and back-up goalkeeper Jed Steer ( shoulder ) remain long term absentees but Bruce should be able to call upon everyone else .
Chris Samba , Henri Lansbury , Andre Green and Gabby Agbonlahor were n't even named on the bench at Bramall Lane , such is the incredibly talented pool of players Bruce has to choose from .
Let us entertain you ! We use cookies to ensure we can continue to deliver a personalised service , just for you . This is why we and our trusted Commerce Partners use 'cookies ' to remember and store information about how you use our site .
If you would like to find out more , please read our updated Cookies Policy . You can also find more information in our updated Privacy Policy .
HARARE , Zimbabwe ( AP ) — Pakistan had five balls to spare when it beat Zimbabwe by seven wickets on Wednesday and eliminated the African host from the Twenty20 tri-series tournament .
Solomon Mire missed out on the chance to become Zimbabwe 's first century-maker in a T20 international as their 94-run knock carried Zimbabwe to 162-4 after captain Hamilton Masakadza lost their first toss in the tri-series and their team was put in to bat .
Opener Fakhar Zaman ( 47 ) and Hussain Talat ( 44 ) led Pakistan to 163-3 in 19.1 overs against an inexperienced bowling attack as Pakistan registered its second win against Zimbabwe .
It was Zimbabwe 's third straight loss .
Advertisement
Australia plays against Pakistan on Thursday before both teams meet in Sunday 's final .
Mire stood tall against Pakistan 's full-strength attack as left-arm fast bowler Mohammad Amir ( 1-25 ) got their first game of the series and replaced Usman Khan .
Mire and Cephas Zhuwao ( 24 ) provided a solid opening partnership of 49 runs before Tarisai Musakanda ( 33 ) added 64 runs for the third wicket with Mire .
Mire , who hit six sixes and six fours , reached their half-century off 32 balls when they hoisted left-arm spinner Mohammad Nawaz for a six over long off in the 11th over .
Pakistan struggled for wickets despite seamer Faheem Ashraf ( 1-24 ) and leg-spinner Shadab Khan ( 1-28 ) bowling a decent four overs each in the middle overs .
Mire looked set to become the first Zimbabwe batsman to score a century in a Twenty20 before they holed out at deep mid-wicket off seamer Talat in the 18th over — only a ball after Asif Ali missed a sitter at deep square leg .
Mire also featured in two dismissals during Pakistan 's innings as they took a fine catch in the deep to dismiss Haris Sohail . They then denied Zaman a half century through their medium pace when the left-hander was caught at mid-on .
Captain Sarfraz Ahmed ( 38 not out ) and experienced Shoaib Malik ( 12 not out ) kept their composure and carried Pakistan home .
Ahmed was not happy with their bowlers , saying it `` was not up to the mark , they have to work hard . ''
Market Highlights :
The Mobility as a Service is new concept of service that provides the new opportunities to improve customer travel choice and support greater efficiency in how our transport services are provided to them to travel without facing any difficulties . Mobility as a Service is a new means of transportation system has broader scope to transform the way we choose the transportation medium to travel from one place to another and provides an opportunity for policymakers to secure benefits to improve the travelling experience of the people .
The study indicates that Mobility as a Service has generated high travel demand on transport networks and Mobility as a Service Provider has managed the mobility needs of both workplaces and employees that may support a reducing the traffic in peak hours . It describes a shift away from personally owned modes of transportation and towards mobility solutions that are consumed as a service .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3109
Major Key Players
Lyft ( U.S ) ,
Car2Go ( U.S ) ,
Uber ( U.S ) ,
Hailo ( U.K ) ,
Bridj ( U.S ) ,
Ridepal ( U.S ) ,
Ola ( India ) ,
Make my trip ( India ) ,
Wiwigo ( India ) ,
Grabtaxi ( Singapore ) ,
Didi Dache ( China ) ,
Lecabs ( France ) , Cabify ( U.S ) among others .
Regional Analysis
North-America is dominating the Global Mobility as a Service Market with the largest market share and is expected to grow over its previous growth records by 2023 . The advancements in ease of transportation system to handle traffic control and cover the distance in time is propelling the growth of Mobility as a Service in these regions . Mobility as a Service Market in Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at a substantial CAGR during 2017 to 2023 as MaaS is providing best services to travel and security to the travellers which is increasing the demand for mobility as a service in the region . The European market for Mobility as a Service Market is expected to grow at a considerable CAGR ( 2017-2023 ) .
Segments :
The global mobility as a service market has been segmented on the basis of type , application , services , end users and region .
Mobility as a Service Market by Online mobility System Type :
Buses
Cabs
Flights
Others
Mobility as a Service Market by Services :
E hailing services
Bike sharing services
Car sharing services
Pop up bus services
Self-Driving car services
Available routes
Pricing information
MaaS customer transaction validation
Real time asset/vehicle position
Asset usage by customers
Ride sharing
Transport Operator assets and services
Mobility as a Service Market by Application :
Personalized application service
Dynamic Journey management
Flexible payment
Transactions
Journey planning
Mobility as a Service Market by End-User :
Public sector
Private sector
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/mobility-as-a-service-market-3109
Intended Audience
HALIFAX — Police were going door-to-door in a neighbourhood outside Halifax to gather information following a 911 call indicating a woman had been forcibly dragged into a car Tuesday night and driven away .
RCMP Sgt . Al LeBlanc says officers were going through an area around Flying Cloud Drive to collect any witness accounts , while also searching for a car involved in the case .
They say they received a complaint about the incident in Cole Harbour at around 10:15 p.m. , but were not able to locate the car , the suspect or the alleged victim .
The woman is described as 18 to 20 years of age with blond hair and wearing a white tank top , while the suspect was described as a black man between the ages of 20 to 30 and wearing dark clothing .
LeBlanc says the 911 caller said they heard a disturbance and a lot of yelling before the woman was forced into the vehicle , which was thought to be dark in colour and with brake lights that light up the back of the car .
They say they have not received any reports of a missing person .
However , police are hoping to obtain neighbourhood surveillance video that may have recorded the incident .
Here 's a tip for the planners among us : If you have dinner reservations or theatre tickets for September 22 , 2135 ( it 's a Thursday ) , now might be a good time to scuttle them .
Sometime the day before , scientists say , there is a small chance that an asteroid the size of the Empire State Building will smack into Earth , destroying a lot of living things on the planet .
But do n't worry . NASA has got you covered .
Bennu compared to the Eiffel Tower and Empire State Building .
Forward-thinking astrophysicists and people who specialize in blowing things up with nuclear weapons have come up with a plan , which they swear was not drawn up by Bruce Willis .
Advertisement
If the asteroid - it is named Bennu - decides to go rogue , they could send a nearly nine-tonne `` bulk impactor '' to push it out of Earth 's orbit . Or , more likely , they would gently nudge it out of its apocalyptic path using a nuclear device .
The scheme is called the Hypervelocity Asteroid Mitigation Mission for Emergency Response . Or , for people who love acronyms and despise subtlety : HAMMER .
Brent Barbee , the NASA aerospace engineer who helped author the study , insists that it is all theoretical . ( His exact words : `` Please do n't print that an asteroid is going to crash into Earth in The Washington Post . '' )
But using granular detail and eye-glazing amounts of math , the researchers believe they have a viable solution to a world-rattling what-if question .
There is , of course , no massive mission to build a craft capable of playing a celestial game of space pool . The odds of Bennu actually hitting us are about 1 in 2700 . And the asteroid is not big enough to send us the way of the dinosaurs .
But that does n't mean there is no practical application , Barbee told The Post .
`` We 're doing these design studies to prepare ourselves , so if we do find a threatening object , we 're better prepared to deal with it , '' they said .
Things from space smack into Earth all the time . Most of them are not existential threats , but some are large enough to cause injury or property damage . Generating a working framework to avoid an Earth impact could save lives .
Until recently , the framework has basically been luck .
In 1908 , what many believe to be an asteroid crashed into an area near the Podkamennaya Tunguska River in Siberia , according to the BBC . It struck with a force 185 times as powerful as the Hiroshima atomic bomb , flattened 80 million trees and reduced hundreds of reindeer to charred carcasses .
A century later in 2013 , a 10-tonne , 49-foot-wide meteor streaked over Russia 's Ural Mountains at hypersonic speeds , shattering windows and injuring 1100 people , Fox News reported . ( Most were injured by shattered glass as they watched the meteor cross the daytime sky ) . The meteor broke up before it hit the ground but still left scars in nearby ice that were the length of a bus .
The Tunguska Event , or Tunguska Explosion , 30 June 1908 , near the Podkamennaya , Tunguska River , Russia . The cause is disputed , but generally accepted as caused by a meteorite . Photo / Getty Images
The only reason more people were n't killed or injured , Barbee told The Post , is because the objects struck places where there were n't many people .
NASA has a Planetary Defense Coordination Office that tries to detect dangerous asteroids and comets close to Earth 's orbit .
There are more of these things than many people think , Barbee said . Researchers detect about 1000 new objects each year ; 10,000 extraterrestrial objects beelining for Earth could still be unaccounted for .
The defense coordination office also comes up with plans for deflecting or destroying discovered objects .
What Asteroid Bennu provides , besides pretty good fodder for a doomsday cult , is an opportunity for scientists to test those theories .
Bennu is , the report says , a `` well-studied roughly spherical body '' that gives researchers a good target for their calculations - data points to punch into the algorithm . They can see Bennu with telescopes and track the impact its gravity has on other celestial objects .
Soon we will know more . NASA 's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft has been en route to Bennu for two years , according to the agency . It contains instruments that `` will map Bennu and establish the composition of the asteroid , including the distribution of the elements , minerals and organic materials . ''
It will also scrape off a 2.1-ounce sample and bring it back to Earth , NASA says .
If the odds are not in Earth 's favour , and Bennu becomes a bigger threat , OSIRIS-REx could be followed by a beefier craft that would break off a lot more .
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Decisions , decisions ...
Should they stay or should they go ?
John Terry faces a big decision over their future this summer .
Terry has been a success story for Aston Villa since ending their trophy-laden spell with Chelsea at the end of last season .
Here we look at the dilemma JT must resolve and what the future might have in store for the former England captain .
WHAT 'S Their CONTRACT SITUATION ?
Terry 's contract expires at the end of June 2018 as they arrived on a one-year deal .
WHAT ARE THE OPTIONS OPEN TO HIM ?
Villa would love to keep him , regardless of the division they are in .
If they are in the Premier League , that would help them afford their wages , but would present the potential problem of them not wanting to play against their beloved Chelsea .
If they are in the Championship , money would obviously be tighter and Terry would have to weigh up whether they want a second year in the second tier .
Overseas opportunities including China and the United States are likely to be available for them again .
A return to Chelsea in a coaching capacity could pull at their heartstrings if they decide to hang up their boots and the Stamford Bridge club make an approach .
WHAT THE VILLA BOARD HAS SAID
Steve Round says captain John Terry has indicated they would be happy to continue at Villa if the club is promoted to the Premier League .
In March , the club 's director of football told fans at a Supporters ' Trust meeting that the skipper has ‘ indicated ' they want to stay on .
Round added Terry is the ‘ ultimate pro ' and that they inspire Villa 's other players and the youngsters climbing the ranks at Bodymoor Heath .
WHAT STEVE BRUCE HAS SAID
“ First and foremost the big decision is with John .
“ It 's all in John 's hands and we have to respect that .
“ All of us want them to stay but it 's John 's decision . Once they make the decision we 'll abide by it and go with it .
`` It would be wonderful if they take us back into the Premier League and then plays a part in trying to keep us there - and that 's what I 've said to him .
“ If we 're in the Championship then it 's John 's call to see what they want to do playing-wise .
“ That will be a conversation we have further down the line . I 've said to them that if we get in the Premier League we would want them to stay and be part of it because their experience would be invaluable . ”
WHAT JOHN TERRY HAS SAID
`` I still have the appetite and hunger for sure . I just want to get this season finished .
`` My aim at the start of the season was to get us up , whether that was automatic or via the play-offs .
`` One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end .
`` Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa , I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me . They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field .
`` It has been a good combination and worked well for both , I feel .
`` It 's been an incredible journey so far . It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed . I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
`` I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads , the manager has been superb with me , and the fans as well have been excellent .
`` This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got , how big it is , the players , everyone deserves it . It is huge .
`` The travelling support is incredible . We are equipped to go up . We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that . ''
WHAT Their TEAM-MATES HAVE SAID
Robert Snodgrass has summed up the mutual appreciation society Terry and Villa have formed .
`` You do n't win what he 's won by being a bad pro , you do n't get lucky .
`` The guy 's been at the top their whole life and the lads would be the first to admit , you see why he 's at the top .
`` He leads by example , he 's a great fella first and foremost . He 's a proper family man , he 's great to have about the place because theirs never say die attitude .
`` Even if it 's a gym session , a game of two touch or head tennis you see that he 's a winner . They want to win .
`` When they were out injured they were racing the physios and things like that , they wanted to win and I think it 's great when you 've got somebody like that .
`` Chelsea 's their club , but he 's almost inherited Aston Villa as a club .
`` Obviously all the lads respect them but they give them a bit here , whereas people at Chelsea maybe did n't want to say anything to him . But we 're on him , having banter with it and he 's loved it . They say it , it 's a great changing room . He 's almost fell in love with the boys , they love being part of it .
`` I think that 's the way we all are . He 's superb to have about the place , he 's a top guy and a great person . ''
HOW MUCH DOES JOHN TERRY EARN AT VILLA ?
Villa beat several Premier League teams and a host of others abroad to lure John Terry to Villa Park .
The former England and Chelsea captain is understood to have agreed a deal that could see them net in excess of £4 million-a-year when bonuses and incentives are added in .
It 's a sizeable sum to say the least , but nothing compared to the wages they would have picked up had they rejected Villa in favour of a move to MLS or Chinese Super League .
HOW HAS Their SEASON GONE ?
Terry 's inclusion in the Championship team of the year says it all about their impact at Villa .
They will be pleased that their body has stood up to the Saturday-Tuesday rigours of the Championship , save for brief lay offs with a broken foot and an ankle problem .
Terry will be just as pleased that they have maintained a consistent level of performance alongside James Chester in one of the division 's meanest defences .
While we all knew they were a great player on the pitch , their success at Villa can also be measured in the influence they have had around the dressing room .
In previous years , the Villa squad has been flakier than an icecream van full of 99s - now Terry has brought a winning mentality to Bodymoor Heath .
Their high standards of training and preparation have rubbed off on team-mates , including Jack Grealish .
`` Me and them are always in the training ground chatting and doing whatever , '' explained Grealish . `` I do get on so well with him .
`` I think everyone knows how much of a good player they have been and what they have done in the game . Even when they first signed I had to pinch myself a little bit .
`` He is so professional in everything they do and that rubs off on us young players .
`` I will be thinking , ‘ do I need to be doing that ? , they are doing it and look where they have got . Ice baths , massages , not going home after training straight away .
`` He is always the last person there doing everything properly , eating properly . ''
The prosecution has finished its evidence in the trial of a father and their three sons who deny beating a man to death after they fired shots at their home .
Paul Bradley ( 54 ) and their sons Jason ( 20 ) , Dean ( 24 ) , and Ryan ( 18 ) , of Liscarne Gardens , Dublin 22 , have pleaded not guilty to the murder of Neil Reilly ( 36 ) at Esker Glebe in Lucan , Dublin on January 18th , 2017 .
The prosecution says that Mr Reilly fired two shots at the Bradley home shortly before 4am leading to a chase that ended with them being beaten to death and run over by a car .
A pathologist told the trial the deceased had chopped wounds to the head , torso and limbs and crush injuries consistent with being run over .
On the final day of evidence the jury of six women and five men heard that a text message sent by Paul Bradley the day after Mr Reilly 's death was retrieved from their phone .
Garda Mark Rowntree said the text , sent at 1.32am on January 19th , 2017 read : “ I ran after them with their gun , I got them with no gun . ”
The witness agreed with Brendan Grehan SC , defending Paul Bradley , that in 2016 Paul Bradley asked them for advice about one of their sons who was involved in dealing drugs .
This was a source of great concern to Mr Bradley . The garda further agreed that Mr Bradley is a hard-working , decent man .
Detective Sergeant Damien Gannon told prosecuting counsel Paul Murray SC that gardaí searched for a large knife or implement that could have been used to inflict the injuries on Mr Reilly .
They searched a garage owned by the Bradleys on the Naas Road , the Bradley home and the area around where Mr Reilly was found with their injuries .
They found nothing that matched what they were looking for .
Previously , Matthias Kelly SC , for Dean Bradley , said their client accepts that they were the driver of a BMW that struck Neil Reilly with the result that Mr Reilly , who their client says was already on the ground , went under the car .
Brendan Grehan SC , defending Paul Bradley , told the jury that their client admits that they were the driver of a Mercedes that followed Mr Reilly 's Mazda car in the early hours of the morning .
They accept that the Mazda crashed and Mr Bradley 's SUV crashed into it at Esker Glebe .
Mr Bradley then got out of their vehicle and kicked Neil Reilly who was “ involved in an altercation ” with their son Jason Bradley .
Defence barristers for each of the accused said they do not intend to call any evidence .
Justice Paul Coffey told the jury to return on Thurday .
Ani Nohinohi , the sole survivor of the Waverley crash that claimed seven lives , is now in a stable condition in the Intensive Care Unit of Wellington City Hospital .
Nohinohi is the only person to survive the two-car crash in Waverley that left seven people dead ; including young sisters Nivek Madams , 8 , and 8-week-old Shady Thompson .
As well as Thompson and the two girls , four elderly people travelling in the second vehicle were killed instantly in the crash .
Tomorrow funerals will take place for Ora Keene , Rosalie Porteous and Ian Porteous who all died at the scene of the crash .
Advertisement
They will be remembered together at a memorial service at the Church of the Good Shepherd .
A family notice today paid tribute to Ian and Rosalie ; dearly loved mum and dad to Len and Shelley , Craig , Logan and Anna .
They were also grandparents to eight and great-grandparents to Carter and Lincoln .
The family also gave a message of thanks to those who were first on the scene : `` A special thank you to all the emergency services for their help and support . ''
The Waverley crash is the worst on New Zealand roads in 13 years .
The worst fatal crash in New Zealand 's history was recorded in 1963 , when 15 people were killed in a bus crash in Northland .
BRUSSELS ( AP ) — International efforts to rebuild Syria once the civil war is over should center on agriculture to kick-start the economy and quickly improve the livelihoods of the people , a high-level United Nations official said Tuesday .
In an interview with The Associated Press ahead of an international Syria donors conference , the United Nations ' Food and Agriculture Organization 's Deputy Director General Daniel Gustafson said that in case of a return to peace the impact of funding farming would yield almost immediate results .
`` If you invest in that , you are going to get a quick return , '' they said .
Despite seven years of warfare through much of the Middle Eastern nation which also blighted farmland and destroyed facilities , farming still accounts for about a quarter of Syria 's gross domestic product .
Advertisement
UN figures show that some $ 16 billion in production has been lost because of the war and it will take about as much to get the recovery of farming going again . At the two-day Syria conference opening Tuesday , donors from across the globe hope to commit several billion in assistance to alleviate the pressing needs of Syrians . Over $ 5 billion was committed last year .
Farming in Syria goes back many thousands of years and the nation was long a breadbasket for the area . When the war started almost half the population was still employed in farming .
And despite the horrific war that ravaged orchards and fields , cut the availability of seeds and fertilizers and sent many millions fleeing , half the output survives to this day .
`` The resilience of the agriculture sector is an astonishing story . You still have half the production of wheat of what you had before the war '' — two million tons , instead of 4 million before the war , Gustafson said .
Still , some 6.5 million people are in urgent need of immediate assistance because they face a lack of food , said Gustafson .
While most of the attention goes to shocking events like bombings or even gas attacks , war in the countryside often has a more creeping effect .
`` It is this continuous deterioration of their livelihoods . You can not get seeds , you can not sell stuff , you can not trade , you can not get spare parts , '' Gustafson said . `` The whole thing just kind of grinds down . ''
They said that fortunately , the situation can also pick up again soon once the conditions are right , once the right seeds come in again and people and goods are again free to move around the country .
Even as Trump 's most loyal allies condemned the white supremacists groups engaging in violence in Charlottesville , Fox News did n't .
A rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , left one anti-racism activist and two police officers dead and several others injured .
It was , beyond doubt , a spectacle meant to incite hate and violence — and it did more than just that by claiming three innocent lives .
President Donald Trump did n't call out white supremacists , even as criticism built over their wishy washy statement , from ordinary Americans and from within their own party . Most of their allies condemned the white supremacists groups engaging in violence in Charlottesville .
Well , most allies , excluding the ones working at Fox News .
The “ Fox & Friends ” panel , somehow , found a way to justify the actions of the torch and weapons-carrying white supremacists and in doing so , they also defended Trump 's first statement , which , for the record , lacked any mention whatsoever of white supremacy .
Read More If Trump Plans To Fight White Nationalism , They Should Start With Bannon
“ I think the president nailed it , ” said Pete Hegseth , a co-host . “ He condemned in the strongest possible terms hatred and bigotry on all sides as opposed to immediately picking a side out the gate . ”
And then Hegseth went on understand the “ grievance underneath ” the rally , which included marchers from alt-right , neo-Nazi groups as well as the Ku Klux Klan .
“ You can call [ violence ] out , and then — but still also listen , say , on Black Lives Matter , to the grievances of young African-American males in urban cores who feel like they are looked at differently by police . That discussion still should be had , ” they said , adding a lot of white men “ feel like , ‘ Hey , I 'm treated differently in this country than I feel like I should have . I 've become a second-class citizen . None of it — they tell me I have white privilege . ' ”
Coming from Fox News , which has always considered Black Lives Matter a hate group , this statement is not surprising — but it does not make it any less shocking .
The only “ grievance ” white supremacists have held since time immemorial is hate and bigotry — and anyone who attempts to justify hate and bigotry is complicit in hate and bigotry .
The Osbournes are celebrating their 36th wedding anniversary .
Kelly Osbourne has thanked parents Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne for “ showing me what true love is ” , as the couple celebrate their 36th wedding anniversary .
Singer and presenter Kelly , 33 , posted a throwback picture on Instagram of their mum and dad on their big day in 1982 .
The sweet snap shows the pair both dressed in white , with Sharon wearing a lacy veil and clutching a bouquet .
Black Sabbath rocker Ozzy has a garland of flowers and leaves around their neck .
Kelly wrote : “ Happy Anniversary Mum and Dad 36 years and still going strong .
“ Thank you for showing me what true love is . ”
Sharon , 65 , and Ozzy , 69 , tied the knot in Maui , Hawaii , on July 4 1982 .
The couple have three children together – Kelly , son Jack and daughter Aimee .
© Press Association 2018
It has n't been a good week for some college basketball 's `` higher-ups . '' Kansas lost twice ( once in their house , once in their home away from home ) . Notre Dame got beat by an underwhelming Ball State team . Florida needed to gut out a win versus Cincinnati to stop a three-game skid . Duke dropped their conference opener at Boston College .
All of these top teams would have loved to finish this week ( and all weeks ) without a blemish . However , over the breadth of this season , things can be corrected . Confidence can be regained . Dominance can be re-established . Losing early provides time to get back in the good graces of the people that matter .
Come March , each of these squads should have gaudy records and plans to make the NCAA tournament . Let 's say , though , that all of these teams lose an unexpected late-February game to a less-than-stellar opponent , along with an early matchup in the conference tournament . Losing late may cost these specific teams some positioning , but it should n't exclude them from the ultimate postseason goal .
In college football , the most fervent fans say that its regular season matters the most of any sport . Losses matter more . Timing matters more . And reputation can play a key role . The sport 's postseason structure has evolved from bowl exhibitions to a single-game championship match to its current exclusive , four-entry tournament . Even through all of that time , those platitudes regarding the importance of the regular season remain . And , to be honest , that drives me batty .
Now , I 'm a fan of college football . I do n't follow it as religiously as some ... but I 'm probably on a slightly lower tier . That said , it appears that the psychological of the hardcourt has some kind of influence to that of the gridiron . Completely lost , yet ? Hear me out .
From 1902 ( the first year of the Rose Bowl ) until the 1998 season , the title contenders would be scattered to all ends of the country 's southern tier . They would face other champions in designated games that were predetermined , with only the occasional coincidence being the determining factor of a `` true '' national championship meeting . In the BCS era ( 1998-2013 seasons ) , a mathematical system took the guesswork out of which teams would be put on the same field for a national title tilt . This was all separate and unique to college football at the highest level .
Starting with the 2014 season , the uniqueness of postseason play altered in a way that shared familiarity with other entities . For most other collegiate team sports , including basketball , a group of individuals had to decide the entrant field to play for the championship . A committee does that for football . But we probably thought that this process would stay unto itself , with the best of the conference champions dueling it out . It 's the last two seasons where hoops influence could be seen most in hallowed football circles .
Last year , people were debating why Ohio State deserved a spot in the national semifinals . Yes , they had one loss . We all know that they did not win their division of the Big Ten , let alone the league 's championship . We all know that they to eventual conference champ Penn State , who only lost twice in the regular season . We all know that the Nittany Lions beat the Buckeyes head-to-head . In the end , it was Ohio State 's full resume that gained the respect of an invite .
This season , Alabama was the favorite . From day one , the Crimson Tide had the path to win another championship . That path was unhindered for eleven games . Then , the Tide went downstate to take on a blood rival . A loss to Auburn on the last weekend of the regular season denied 'Bama the SEC West title , a chance to play for the SEC crown , and , supposedly , a chance to win the whole thing . After a championship Saturday where Auburn and Wisconsin lost , however , the committee saw it fit to place a 1-loss , at-large Crimson Tide outfit in the bracket instead of a 2-loss , conference-champion Ohio State team .
These last two instances show the growing influence that basketball ( and other sports ) has had on the football playoff . I know that the NCAA hoops bracket is n't perfect . As has been said before , this tournament does not field all of the best teams ranked from 1-68 . It does , though , provide multiple ways of entry and chances to increase the likelihood of said entry through resume building . Basketball recognized this over forty years ago , when they allowed at-large teams to join conference champs in the tournament . It took until 2016 , but it seems that the same thing can happen now on the gridiron .
The regular season still matters in all sports . Not all teams get into the most meaningful of postseasons . The basketball tourney only let eight teams in when it began in 1939 . Yes , that number has ballooned to 68 , but that 's still less than 20 % of the pool of 350-ish teams that are eligible . Regular season performance and success still carries enormous weight . Now , I guess we can really apply that in college football , as well . Ca n't wait to see what inspiration hoops brings next .
UOPD unveils new Lost and Found online site for students
Have you lost something around campus and wondered if someone took it to the Lost and Found ?
Now there 's a new way for you to find out if the UOPD has your item . A Lost and Found website can be found here , where students can type in what they 're looking for and the system will search the inventory for it .
UOPD spokesperson Kelly McIver said this prevents students from having to come all the way to the UOPD station on 15th Avenue and Walnut Street just to check if anyone turned in their things .
UOPD obtained the Lost and Found in September 2017 from its previous location at the Department of Parking and Transportation .
McIver said this transition made sense due to the police station operating 24/7 as opposed to the 5 p.m. closing time of the Department of Parking and Transportation and its lack of weekend hours .
McIver also noted the training UOPD employees receive is another reason their office is the best place for this service .
Because officers and employees are trained in handling evidence and properly inventorying it , “ UOPD has an advantage over other departments , ” said McIver . Granted that training , UOPD ensures that all items can be stored securely and returned to their proper owners .
McIver said the resource sees a spike in inventory after athletic events and public events where people , not even specifically students , drop or lose a lot of things .
While McIver said most of the inventory is coats and umbrellas , UOPD keeps other things that offices previously might have thrown away . McIver suggests that all students check the website to be sure if their lost items were turned in .
“ It used to be that it was only kind of higher value items that would get forwarded to Parking and Transportation and kept for release , ” said McIver . “ The nice thing now is that everything gets kept – everything gets logged , except for perishable things , like half a sandwich . ”
Follow Becca Robbins on Twitter : @ brobbinsuo
Comments
Tell us what you think :
Hello Beautiful Staff
Tami Roman stepped out to the TVOne premiere of ‘ When Love Kills : The Falicia Blakely Story ‘ in Atlanta , Georgia . Tami wore a $ 3775.00 F/W 2017 Dolce and Gabbana tulle dress with a bow .
They paired the sheer sleeved dress with black pumps and a gold YSL purse .
@ TheRealDaytime MUA @ juanice.mua Hair @ hairdidki Dress @ DolceGabbana Styled by @ hollylarry_ A post shared by Princess Love Norwood 🇵🇭 ( @ princesslove ) on Oct 4 , 2017 at 10:25am PDT
They wore their hair in a high bun and neutral makeup – are you feeling them look ?
Princess Love Norwood , Ray J ‘ s wife , stepped out in the same ensemble for their appearance on The Real . While Tami switched up their designers , Princess Love gave us head to toe Dolce and Gabbana .
@ DolceGabbana head to toe # Classy A post shared by Princess Love Norwood 🇵🇭 ( @ princesslove ) on Oct 4 , 2017 at 12:13pm PDT
Princess Love wore their hair down with loose waves and accented with a nude lip .
We have to know : who styled this dress the best ? Tami Roman or Princess Love ? Take our poll and decide !
Tami Roman Reads Tina Campbell Over Trump Vote
Battle Of The Brights Between Solange Knowles And Garcelle Beauvais
Ray J And Princess Love Debuted Their Hair Products Line
Paris Saint-Germain 's Neymar drives the ball during the French Ligue 1 match against Guingamp at the Roudourou stadium in Guingamp on August 13 , 2017 . JEAN-SEBASTIEN EVRARD/AFP
Neymar wasted no time in making an impact on the field for Paris Saint-Germain , scoring on their debut in a 3-0 win at Guingamp and declaring they felt `` more alive than ever '' .
The Brazilian world record signing was handed a start by coach Unai Emery for the game in Brittany , two days after international clearance came through for their €222 million ( $ 261 million ) switch from Barcelona , AFP reported .
The 25-year-old , at home in PSG 's all yellow change kit , played a part in the own goal scored by Jordan Ikoko that gave the away side the lead early in the second half .
They then set up the second goal for Edinson Cavani with a superb pass in behind the Guingamp defense before completing a comfortable victory with their team 's third goal eight minutes from the end as PSG made it two wins from two to start the French season .
`` People think that leaving Barça is to die , but no , it 's the opposite , '' Neymar told reporters .
`` I 'm more alive than ever . I play , I 'm very happy , and football is the same . Only the country , the city and the team change , but football is the same . ''
Guingamp coach Antoine Kombouare , a former PSG player , described Neymar as a `` phenomenon '' .
`` It 's been a long time since I have seen such a phenomenon . All their teammates want to play with them and they bring competition , '' said Kombouare .
`` Everyone gets more time because of him , they can accelerate and make a difference . We 're happy that we do n't have to play PSG every weekend . ''
Despite the many distractions of the last couple of weeks , including trips to China , Portugal and the French Riviera and glitzy presentations to the media and PSG fans , Neymar lasted the full 90 minutes .
They had taken the place of Javier Pastore in the Paris side in the only change from last week 's 2-0 win over Amiens , completing a €350 million-front three with fellow South Americans Cavani and Angel Di Maria .
Neymar was one of four Brazilians in the PSG lineup , not including Brazil-born Italy midfielder Thiago Motta , for the game played before a sellout crowd at the 18,000-capacity Stade du Roudourou .
Guingamp , a sleepy little town 500 kilometres west of Paris with a population of barely 7,000 , may have been a slightly incongruous setting for such an occasion but the match was broadcast live in more than 180 countries according to their new club .
That was a sign of the interest generated worldwide by Neymar 's transfer , which Qatar-owned PSG hope will help them conquer Europe after so far coming up short in the Champions League in recent seasons .
Raelene Castle is taking on a job many New Zealanders might not . They are the new chief executive of Rugby Australia , which sounds almost as treacherous as coaching the Wallabies . But New Zealanders will wish them well and find immense pride in the personality we profile today .
They are a woman moving confidently and naturally in the most masculine of worlds . Having successfully run the Bulldogs rugby league club in Sydney , they are stepping across to the national administration of rugby union .
They make no bones about the fact that when Australia faces the All Blacks , `` there 's absolutely no doubt at all I 'll be cheering for the Wallabies '' .
They are a professional as well as a warm , down-to-earth Kiwi . As a woman in charge of young men at the Bulldogs , they do not talk about role models when they misbehave in public , they talk about contracts .
Advertisement
`` When you get paid a large amount of money you represent an organisation and that means you have to make certain choices and behave in certain ways . ''
When it comes to respect for women , sexuality and race , they say : `` I 've had a number of very , very difficult conversations . I think the difference is , at the end of those conversations you can stand up and give the player a hug in a motherly way . ''
Management of professional sport is a sophisticated business these days . Castle cut their teeth in ordinary business working for NZ Telecom , the BNZ and Fuji Xerox . But sport was in their genes .
Them father played league for Auckland and later coached a club side , their mother represented New Zealand at bowls , winning Commonwealth games medals and a world championship .
In their youth Raelene played netball , tennis , lawn bowls , basketball , volleyball and touch . They went into sports administration first with Netball New Zealand , in the years when the ANZ Championship was launched giving good netballers a chance to make a living from the game .
But their appointment to the Bulldogs in 2013 was the breakthrough , the first female boss of an NRL club . Women , they say , stopped them in Sydney streets to say : `` We are so proud of you . ''
So say all of us . They straddle not only the gender divide but the Tasman and the rugby codes . While heading Rugby Australia they are also co-conducting a review of the Kiwis ' disappointing performance in the recent Rugby League World Cup .
They are amazing .
By Tacey Rychter
More than 120 pregnant female whales were among 333 killed during Japan 's recent annual summer hunt off the coast of Antarctica , according to a new report .
Dead minke whales on board a Japanese ship , pictured in 2014 . Source : Sea Shepherd
The report , released by the International Whaling Commission this month , said 114 of the slaughtered minke whales were considered immature .
The last hunting season in the Antarctic for Japan ran from Dec. 8 to Feb. 28 .
Conservationists said the new report was further evidence that Japan was killing whales for commercial purposes under the guise of scientific research .
Whether the annual hunt is legal is unclear , as some federal and international laws are in conflict with one another .
Here are short answers to some complex questions on the issue .
Q : Is the hunt illegal ?
A : In 2014 , the International Court of Justice temporarily banned Japan from whaling in the Antarctic Ocean , after the court found that the annual whale slaughter program was for commercial purposes , which is illegal .
Under the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling , signed in 1946 , nations are allowed a special permit to kill whales for `` purposes of scientific research . ''
The Japanese government scrapped the whaling program that had been declared illegal , known as Jarpa II , and began a new one in 2015 called Newrep-A . It describes the program as having a scientific purpose , but experts say it is a cover to continue whaling for profit .
`` They 've sought to exploit this loophole , '' said Professor Donald R. Rothwell , an expert in international law at the Australian National University .
Further complicating matters : International law makes it legal for the byproduct of the scientific mission , whale meat , to be sold .
Q : What 's Australia 's role ?
A : By federal law , Australia has established an area called the Australian Whale Sanctuary that protects whales , dolphins and porpoises . The area extends to parts of the Antarctic , which Australia has a claim to .
Japan does not recognize Australia 's claim to the Antarctic territories , and ignores it .
In 2010 , Australia took Japan to the International Court of Justice , accusing it of illegal commercial whaling . This case led to the 2014 judgment that forced Japan to cancel Jarpa II .
In 2015 , an Australian court fined the Japanese whaling company Kyodo Senpaku 1 million Australian dollars , or $ 750,000 at current exchange rates , after finding it was in contempt of court . The punishment , however , is not enforceable without the cooperation of the Japanese government .
Rothwell said they believed the Australian government was reluctant to prosecute Japan further .
`` If a case seeking to enforce Australian law went before the International Court of Justice , Australia 's claim to Antarctic territory could be directly contested , '' they said . `` That is not something Australia wants to see happen . ''
Q : Why does Japan need to kill whales for science ?
A : It 's not clear .
In 2015 , an expert panel from the International Whaling Commission tried to answer this question .
The panel said it was `` not able to determine whether lethal sampling is necessary '' for Japan to achieve its scientific objectives .
Q : Has anything changed in whale conservation ?
A : Somewhat .
In its previous whaling program , Jarpa II , Japan was targeting 850 minke whales , 50 fin whales and 50 humpback whales in the Antarctic each year .
Wellington Hospital has received more than $ 18,000 in donations and 17 PlayStations after its PlayStation was stolen from the cancer ward on Waitangi weekend .
Angus Little , a 9-year-old patient with an inoperable brain tumour , is one of the kids devastated to discover the console they used to distract themselves from chemotherapy was missing .
Donated by the Wellington Hospitals Foundation , the PlayStation was bolted to a trolley in the oncology ward 's day stay unit , but someone managed to pry it free .
Since the story came to public attention , there has been an overwhelming , international response , with people donating consoles , games and money from Australia , Singapore , Canada , the UK , and the US .
Foundation chairperson Bill Day said the Foundation and Capital and Coast District Health Board ( CCDHB ) have been inundated with donations since the news broke .
`` The public response has been outstanding and we just want to thank everyone who has donated PlayStation , games and money , '' they said .
This morning a $ 10,000 donation was received from a Seattle-based charity .
The total this afternoon was $ 18,383 , but was bound to keep climbing .
Continued below .
Related Content Political Roundup : Bill English loses the Trump immigration debate Road rage driver 's lawyer pleads for leniency as they has 'already been punished ' on Twitter Your views : Readers letters '
So far 17 PlayStations , most of which are `` brand-spanking new '' have been donated , Day said .
The monetary donations mean the hospital can buy more play equipment for the children .
The case had taken on `` a life of its own '' , Day said .
`` Young Angus , I saw them yesterday , he 's just over the moon . ''
Donations are still rolling in , the foundation is still getting calls asking if people can help .
The person who stole the PlayStation in the first place `` should be feeling real stink '' , Day said .
`` It 's reprehensible what they did . ''
CCDHB general manager hospital and healthcare services Chris Lowry thanked everyone for the generosity shown since the theft .
`` While it 's very disappointing that people would essentially steal from children undergoing treatment , it is extremely heartening to see so many people rallying around to make things right , '' Lowry said .
`` Distraction toys and educational equipment are essential for young patients who spend long periods in hospital . The generosity shown this week means we 'll be able to make the children that much more comfortable while they 're here . ''
- NZ Herald
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/18pQh
— Two Paratroopers with the 82nd Airborne Division were killed Sunday in Iraq , according to the United States Army .
Sgt . Allen L. Stigler , 22 , of Arlington , Texas and Sgt . Roshain E. Brooks , 30 , of Brooklyn , NY , were assigned to the 2nd Battalion , 319th Airborne Field Artillery Regiment with the 2nd Brigade Combat team .
The men were killed while “ engaging the enemy with artillery ” according to the U.S. Army . The incident is under investigation .
`` Sergeants Brooks and Stigler were courageous patriots and Paratroopers who served our coalition and the people of Iraq with extraordinary commitment , '' said Col. Pat Work , commander of the 2nd Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division . `` Our team extends its most sincere condolences to their Families and friends . Their personal commitments to our campaign against ISIS were extraordinary and we are incredibly proud to have served with them . ''
Stigler joined the army in November 2013 and was assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division in 2015 . The mission was their first combat deployment .
Stigler has received the Army Commendation Medal , the National Defense Service Medal , the Korea Defense Service Medal , the Overseas Service Medal , the Iraq Campaign Medal with Campaign Star and the Parachutist Badge .
Stigler was posthumously promoted from specialist to sergeant , the Army said .
Brooks joined the Army in July 2012 and was assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division . They were previously deployed to Afghanistan from June to November 2014 .
Brooks has received the Army Commendation medal , the Army Achievement Medal , the National Defense Service Medal , the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal , the Iraq Campaign with Campaign Star , the Parachutist Medal and the Air Assault Badge .
Both Brooks and Stigler were posthumously awarded the Bronze Star , Purple Heart , Meritorious Service Medal and Combat Action Badge .
HALLANDALE BEACH , FL -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - The Movie Studio Inc. ( `` MVES '' ) ( the `` Company '' ) ( OTC PINK : MVES ) www.themoviestudio.com announced today that on March 27th , 2017 , it entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement ( the `` Securities Purchase Agreement '' ) with GPL Ventures LLC ( `` GPL '' ) , a leading Manhattan-based Alternative Investment Fund .
Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement , the Company , at its sole and exclusive option , may issue and sell to GPL shares of the Company 's common stock ( `` Shares '' ) equal to a value of up to Five Million Dollars ( $ 5,000,000 ) once the Company has filed its S-1 Registration Statement and it is deemed effective by the SEC . Upon the S-1 Registration being deemed effective , the Company may elect to trade on the OTCQX or other larger national markets subject to meeting minimum requirements .
Charles Miller , COO of The Movie Studio , stated , `` We 're excited to be working with GPL Ventures with their proven track record of successful investments in emerging growth companies like The Movie Studio . ''
`` We 're happy to add The Movie Studio to our investment portfolio and are looking forward to being part of its explosive growth going forward , '' said Alexander Dillon , the Managing Member of GPL Ventures .
This mutually beneficial agreement has the potential to give The Movie Studio and its subsidiary 's the financial strength needed to continue growing at a rapid rate without taking on adverse debt .
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement , the Company , at its option , may issue and sell to GPL , and GPL may purchase from the Company , the Shares upon the Company 's delivery of written notices to GPL . The aggregate maximum amount of all purchases that GPL may make under the Securities Purchase Agreement shall not exceed $ 5 million . Once a written notice is received by GPL , it shall not be terminated , withdrawn or otherwise revoked by the Company . GPL is not obligated to purchase any Shares unless and until the Company has qualified the Shares pursuant to an offering statement on Form S-1 .
GPL Ventures LLC is compensated for a commitment to purchase securities which is the subject of this press release . Payment is made through the one time issuance of a $ 100,000 Convertible Promissory Note . GPL Ventures LLC intends to sell such securities into the marketplace upon the soonest of ( 1 ) the effectiveness of a registration statement as to such securities ; or ( 2 ) the availability of Rule 144 as to the re-sale for such securities .
The Company plans to use the proceeds from this Securities Purchase Agreement to complete the acquisition of the `` Arrowhead Film Library '' the Company announced on Aug 16 , 2016 ( http : //www.otcmarkets.com/stock/MVES/news/The-Movie-Studio-to-Acquire-12-Major-Motion-Pictures ? id=138493 & b=y ) . The completion of this acquisition will add an additional 14 major motion pictures to the Company 's growing library of full length feature films .
The completion of this acquisition will add 14 major motion pictures with combined box office receipts of over $ 300 million to the Company 's growing library of full length feature films .
In addition , the Company intends to fund domestic and international marketing of its latest production `` Bad Actress '' a light-hearted comedy starring Colombian film sensation `` Excelina '' ( http : //www.otcmarkets.com/stock/MVES/news/The-Movie-Studio -- Inc -- Premiers-Latest-Feature-Film-Bad-Actress-for-Worldwide-Release-at-the-2016-American-Film-Market-in-Los-Angeles -- California ? id=143143 & b=y ) .
Other funds from the investment are slated to be used to :
Expand the Company 's proposed production facility at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach , Florida
Add personnel to its sales & film distribution department
Complete other upcoming acquisitions that are the result of recent successful negotiations ( details to be announced )
Produce new films in 2017
`` We are very excited about putting this Securities Purchase Agreement in place as a new funding vehicle for the company , '' said Gordon Venters , CEO of The Movie Studio Inc. `` MVES plans to use this capital to fuel the growth of our full-length feature film production business , our acquisition of other completed feature films and the sales of those films across multiple platforms in both domestic and international markets . ''
`` This investment will be key for us and our investors as we continue to build the The Movie Studio into an internationally recognized brand throughout North America , Europe , Asia and beyond . ''
About The Movie Studio Inc .
The Movie Studio , Inc. is a vertically integrated motion picture production and distribution Company with completed motion picture and production assets . The Company acquires , develops , manufactures , and distributes independent motion picture content for worldwide consumption in Theatrical , Video on Demand ( VOD ) , Foreign Sales and on various media devices . For more information , visit http : //themoviestudio.com/ .
Forward Looking Statements and Disclaimer
Statements made in this press release that express the Company or management 's intentions , plans , beliefs , expectations or predictions of future events , are forward-looking statements . The words `` believe , '' `` expect , '' `` intend , '' `` estimate , '' `` anticipate , '' `` will '' and similar expressions are intended to further identify such forward-looking statements , although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words . Those statements are based on many assumptions and are subject to many known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company 's actual activities , results or performance to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements . The Company can not guarantee future financial results ; levels of activity , performance or achievements and investors should not place undue reliance on the Company 's forward-looking statements . No information contained in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company 's future financial performance , future revenues or its future stock price . The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of the Company as of the date of this press release , and the Company expressly disclaims any intent , obligation or undertaking to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the Company 's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events , conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based . No information in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company 's future revenues or results of operations .
Any color makes our life very tremendous and excitement , chill , fun and enjoyable . Here meaning of color is quite different where it means to say your life with colored aspects is considered . But when we talk about the colors particularly that say when they are used in various printing formats such as the clothes , papers , curtains , and many more . Ever you have thought when you especially get attract towards some of the contents are specifically prepared for the business purposes like leaflets , brochures , flyers , and many others these are the piece of papers where you find those are designed with colorful texts , logs or images .
These mean to provide promoting the particular company 's brands as those are designed in such way as in once sight it will impress the customers to persuade them to use their services as well . This printing technique is customized where heavy machinery and technology are used to print vividly the papers entirely . All organization first of all prefer the print media advertising that calls this printing methods and this is foremost phase to draw the people towards the printing medium then as it 's advertisement touches sky then use other medium of media . But actual and leading way for promotion your services or products are printing .
The printing machines with different colors are found to print these papers of company 's brochures , leaflets , and others . Even , lots of processes are required to print the papers before going to the final printing production . While the Badge Printer Rental Dubai is excellent one can be chosen to get best printing methods and sharp one through . It completely gives you fresh printing without any spot and this is ideal printing service provider where whatever and any type of small to big printing needs can be done here only . The advanced technology really has proved that nothing is possible and now for business broadcasting this procedure is the first to attract the clients .
When the weighty printer take that empty pages to print then already there are many steps of set-ups are technically adjusted and then those all papers are used to get better printed . So , the perfect Card Personalization Services Dubai , is available to offer the complete tailored printing services any time when you require bunches of papers printing .
Every firm for the business requires promotion , advertisement and highlighting their services or products and for this they must have to go for very first stage of advertisement the printing medium . The printing medium prints the papers with mentioning all details and mainly focuses on your services and rates and then colors the texts and makes it more effective to grab the attentions of the customers . Use the ID Card Printer Solutions Dubai as it gives you complete business solution .
Business Name- Smart Track Zone
Country- UAE
Street Address- Metropolis Tower , 18th Floor , Office : 1802 Business Bay
City-Dubai
State- Dubai
Postal Code – 36705
Phone : +971 4 3617003
Fax : +9714 4213696
Mob : +97150-3781351
Email : sales @ stzme.com
Website- http : //www.stzme.com/
Congratulations !
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time .
The Housing Authority of the City of Santa Barbara has received a prestigious Gold Nugget Award at the annual Pacific Coast Builders Conference for Best Affordable Project for Bradley Studios , a 54-unit development built in 2012 serving some of the community 's most vulnerable populations .
The Gold Nugget Awards are a centerpiece of PCBC , homebuilding 's premier trade show and conference . They were conceived to recognize builders , developers , architects and land planners ' excellence across the nation and internationally .
The Gold Nugget contest , marking its 50th anniversary , drew 533 entries in 49 categories — from custom homes to international ventures planned , designed , developed or built in the United States or other countries .
The Housing Authority of the City of Santa Barbara served as developer of Bradley Studios , with McGillivray Construction as builder and Peikert Group Architects LLP as designer . The panel of judges noted Bradley Studios stood out for its “ gracious hat-tip to California Craftsman style . ”
An infill project that replaced blighted buildings , Bradley Studios street side presence was designed to appear as a group of small homes , but is actually one structure , with separate buildings connected by walkways .
Bradley Studios is not only an innovative and environmentally responsible design , but as the judges pointed out , a community-minded project that caters to those in need . It is home to low and extremely low-income residents with special needs earning less than 60 percent of area median income ( $ 33,480 for one person ) , and are seeking a supportive community in which they can thrive actively and independently .
On-site amenities include community and recreation rooms as well as social service offices for mental health treatment , addiction counseling , job training and life skills classes .
“ We are grateful to our project partners for making it possible to provide housing that addresses priority needs of our community , ” said Rob Pearson , executive director and CEO of the Housing Authority of the City of Santa Barbara . “ We are proving the value of innovative , collaborative housing programs in our community — not just to provide shelter , but to keep people moving successfully from need to independence . ”
— Jennifer Schipa is an administrative and public information coordinator for the Housing Authority of the City of Santa Barbara .
The government is set to investigate the frigate deal between the Philippine Navy and Hyundai Heavy Industries ( HHI ) after the latter was banned by South Korea from participating in state-led bids for two years , Malacañang said on Saturday .
In a press conference in Ilocos Norte , Palace spokesperson Harry Roque said it is high time to determine the liability of the Aquino administration over the controversial frigate deal .
The pronouncement came after Rep. Gary Alejano of Magdalo party-list revealed that HHI , the winning bidder for the Philippine Navy 's frigate acquisition project , was involved in a bribery scandal in 2013 .
“ Alam niyo po , napapagod na ang Presidenteng depensahan ang mga kontratang ipinasok ng nakalipas na administrasyon [ You know , the President is getting exhausted from defending contracts entered into by the past administration ] , ” Roque told reporters .
“ Napapanahon nang imbestigahan ‘ yung mga kakampi ni Congressman Alejano kung ano talaga ang ginawa nila dito sa frigate deal na ito [ It is about time to investigate Congressman Alejano 's allies to find out what they have done in connection with this frigate deal ] , ” they added .
On Thursday , Alejano said HHI executives were found guilty of bribing an official of state-run Korea Hydro and Nuclear Power Co. into choosing as supplier of parts for nuclear reactors to be exported to the United Arab Emirates .
Alejano said HHI attempted to have the restriction nullified , but it lost in a 2015 trial . The South Korean Supreme Court , on December 22 , 2017 , ruled with finality to impose a two-year ban for HHI to participate in state-led bids .
The lawmaker stressed that an appropriate investigation was necessary , following HHI 's purported “ history of engaging in corrupt activities . ”
Duterte 's top aide , Christopher “ Bong ” Go , has been linked to the selection of HHI as contractor for the Philippine Navy 's Combat Management Systems ( CMS ) for the two frigates .
Go , however , has denied any involvement in the procurement of the warships ' CMS .
Roque insisted that the Duterte government has no accountability over the controversial deal since HHI was picked as winning bidder during the Aquino administration .
They maintained that the current administration 's role in the project was merely “ ministerial . ”
“ Uulitin ko po , done deal na iyan ng pumasok ang gobyerno . Ang in-isyu lang po ng gobyerno ni Presidente Duterte , ‘ yung notice of award at sang-ayon naman sa 9184 ( I repeat , it was a done deal when this government assumed office . What the government of President Duterte issued was a notice of award , which is in accordance with 9184 ) , ” Roque said , referring to Republic Act 9184 otherwise known as the “ Government Procurement Reform Act . ”
“ So malinaw po na hindi po pipwedeng magkaroon ng pananagutan ang administrasyon na ito dahil ‘ yung conduct ng bidding , ‘ yung pagpili ng mga nanalo , lahat po iyan ginawa noong nakalipas na administrasyon ( So it 's clear that the current administration has no liability because the conduct of bidding , the selection of winning bidder , all of those were done during the previous administration ) , ” they added .
AutoNation Acura in League City , Texas employed a weaponized farter , according to a former employee 's lawsuit . Google Streetview image
The Italian architect and designer Gae Aulenti will forever be best remembered for their best work with museums , to create the galleries . The first name of Aulenti is Gaetana , pronounced as “ guy ” , known for their tough intellectual spirit when few women found successful architectural careers in Italy . Aulenti 's movement for fresh approaches to architecture design received a sympathetic hearing . They were employed to renovate the Palazzo Grassi in Venice for use as an art exhibition space .
Lots of showrooms and corporate spaces in Italy brought Aulenti to design their furniture . They felt that furniture should never dominate a room . Them chairs and sofas will be low-slung , with rounded enameled metal frames with ample seats and tables , particularly their 1972 marble “ Jumbo ” coffee table .
In lighting design , however , Aulenti is bravura . Each work has a marvelous sculptural presence . Pieces such as their “ Pipistrello ” table lamp , “ Quadrifoglio ” , “ Pileino ” and “ La Ruspa ” pendant of organically-shaped glass , have a futuristic elegance and some even have a touch of personality . Lighting pieces are the grace note in their career to show their full strength in the art of design . Other than interior designs Aulenti is well-known for the design of office furniture , which is quite good for office infrastructure by integrating technology innovation , fashion aesthetics , and standing out in a unique style .
The Aulenti 's office furniture designs comprises of ,
Beauty and Strength .
Empowers the boundary of beauty .
Innovation for the Eyes .
Comfort and Elegant
Graceful and Exquisite
Firmness and softness
The office furniture design of Aulenti shows the constant pursuit of beauty , strength in a unique way from all the angles , legs of the tables are designed dynamically , neat lines , and smooth curve face with side desk light which makes the furniture more modern .
Boss 's cabin is one of the leading online providers and manufacturers for exclusive modern office furniture in India which always takes care of the trends and changes in the corporate world . They offer all kinds of office furniture like Office tables , Conference tables , Workstations , Storage/Cabinets , Reception tables , Office Seatings , Accessories , and Institutional furniture . Boss 's Cabin is always exclusive in launching unique designs of office furniture . As a way now they have launched a new design of elegant and exquisite office furniture which is designed by an Italian architect Aulenti .
Contact :
EAST ( INDIA ) FURNITURE PRIVATE LIMITED
6 , Second Main Road , R.A.Puram
Chennai – 600028
Phones : +91 44 42030741 , 24617933
Fax : +91 44 42030742
Email suresh @ bossescabin.com
Email info @ bossescabin.com
After an urgent announcement to the community two weeks ago about Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics ' current financial challenges , members of the greater Santa Barbara community are stepping up to ensure that health care for thousands of local uninsured/under-insured families continues .
“ The response has been both heartening and significant , ” Acting CEO Mark Palmer said . “ While we realize that our financial needs will not be solved based on individual donations alone , people in our community want to be part of the solution and feel that responsibility . They also understand the huge financial burden this will place on all of us if these folks are left to rely on the emergency room as their primary source to receive health care . ”
After a press briefing on May 22 asking the community for direct financial support for operational costs through November in order to implement SBNC 's plan for long-term sustainability , donations have been steadily coming in . In some cases , other community based organizations have banded together to help fundraise on behalf of the clinics . Some examples include :
» Santa Barbara-based World Dance for Humanity Inc. held a dance party benefit , raising $ 5,000 in support of the clinics .
» Pacific Western Bank held an open house for its new branch opening where Lynda Nahra , president of the Pacific coast region , presented a check to SBNC board chair Gary Gray for $ 15,000 in support of the neighborhood clinics , with an additional $ 2,500 pending from accounts opened during their grand opening .
» The Mithun Family Foundation has come forward with a $ 15,000 pledge to SBNC in support of its mission .
» Individuals in the Santa Barbara community are coming forward with private donations and offering their time and talent to help in any way they can .
To date , more than $ 50,000 has been raised , and SBNC hopes and believes that this initial success will inspire others , including local foundations , businesses and philanthropists , to join in the effort to raise $ 1.5 million .
SBNC provides health care to more than 16,000 patients annually with more than 56,000 clinician visits and more than 70,000 total patient visits , 95 percent of who are uninsured or underinsured . The mission of Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics is to provide high quality , comprehensive , affordable health care to all people , regardless of their ability to pay , in an environment that fosters respect , compassion and dignity .
Donations may be made online by clicking here , by phone at 805.617.7869 or mailed to Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics , 1900 State St. , Suite G , Santa Barbara , CA 93101 . Click here for more information .
— Kelly Kapaun is a publicist representing Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Arabesque Academy of Dancing will present 'The Greatest Show ' at 2 p.m. Sunday , June 3 , at the People 's Security Theater at Lackawanna College . Proceeds will benefit the Anastasia Scholarship Fund in memory of Anastasia Jaditz , daughter of Clarks Summit residents Dr. Steven and Mary Beth Jaditz . Tap students performing are , from left : Mela Leo , Cassie Kutra , Alison Samudio , Evelyn Ciero , Emma Gilman , Leah Crawley , Autumn Hollister and Natalie Deal . Anastasia Jaditz
Arabesque Academy of Dancing will present its annual production , “ The Greatest Show , ” at 2 p.m. Sunday , June 3 at the People 's Security Theater at Lackawanna College . It will feature musical selections from “ The Greatest Showman ” and other circus themed numbers .
Tickets , priced at $ 15- $ 18 , can be obtained online at dancing.yapsody.com , by calling the studio at 570-842-8744 or at the door on the day of the performance .
Proceeds will benefit the Anastasia Scholarship Fund in memory of Anastasia Jaditz , daughter of long-time Clarks Summit residents Dr. Steven and Mary Beth Jaditz .
According to the recital program , “ Anastasia Jaditz was a true lover of the arts and had an absolute passion for the stage . They studied and taught dancing for many years locally , and during their high school career , they were a very active part of the Scranton Prep Players . ”
They were killed in a car accident during their first-year student year of college .
The scholarship was established to offer formalized dance training to students who can not afford lessons . It also assists in paying for costumes for those students who wish to perform in local special events .
Morrisons is to sell the UK 's longest sausage roll – for just £1 .
The supermarket has launched the Foot Long Sausage Roll , believed to be the largest in the UK .
At one foot long and weighing in at nearly half a kilogram , the store claims the sausage roll is double the length and four times the weight of some high street competitors .
Available from August 7 from the supermarket on Newland Street , the Foot Long Sausage Roll is freshly baked in-store by its Market Street bakers , made with seasoned pork meat and wrapped in a crisp , golden flaky pastry .
The sausage roll has to be served on a special tray that holds its weight , rather than being served in just the traditional paper bag .
Morrisons has created the Foot Long Sausage Roll after listening to its customers , who said that they wanted a bigger version of the British classic .
At only £1 , the jumbo-sized British favourite can be bought hot and ready-to-eat from Morrisons Pie Shop counters on Market Street . It could be enjoyed as part of a picnic , shared with the family , or eaten by customers with big appetites .
The sausage roll is being launched in time for the start of the football season to be the ultimate match day pie experience .
Scaffolding covering a high-rise construction site in the heart of Sydney has caught fire , with dramatic footage showing flames and smoke shooting up the building .
The fire started at the northern end of the Macquarie Street building , near Hyde Park , about 7.50am , with fire crews racing to the scene and closing the street .
About 20 people were safely evacuated , a Fire & Rescue spokesperson told AAP .
City workers have described the dramatic scenes and the speed at which the flames covered the building .
`` The flames were going up the scaffolding . I think there was straw in scaffolding to catch dust which just went up in flames , '' Patrick Toohey , who works in a nearby building told AAP .
`` You could see balls of hay catching on fire - it was a bit like Grenfell tower going up , '' they said , referencing the London tragedy .
Footage from the Nine Network shows flames quickly rising up the 11-storey building , sending a plume of black smoke into the sky .
Thirteen fire crews and 70 firefighters are on the scene .
`` The fire has been confined to the external scaffold ; it has n't penetrated the internal structure , '' a Fire & Rescue spokesperson told AAP .
`` The fire is under control but not completely extinguished . ''
The building is thought to be an older and well-established building that was undergoing a renovation , a Fire & Rescue spokesperson told ABC .
NSW Police said there have been no reported injuries .
Footpad made every yard of the running to come home an impressive winner of the Frank Ward Solicitors Arkle Novice Chase at Leopardstown .
Paul Townend was positive from flag-fall aboard the 4-9 favourite and only main market rival Petit Mouchoir opted to go with him , as they set a strong pace up front in the two-mile-one-furlong Grade One contest .
Petit Mouchoir , who was returning from 108 days off the track , was noticeably on their toes before the race and clattered the second fence before eventually settling on Footpad 's heels as the other three runners toiled some way behind .
With two to jump , Townend turned up the pace on Footpad and while they clipped the final obstacle , the Willie Mullins-trained victor never looked in danger as Petit Mouchoir ploughed on for second with Any Second Now third .
Paddy Power make Footpad the 10-11 favourite for the Arkle Trophy at next month 's Cheltenham Festival .
Mullins admitted it had not been the plan to make all , but felt their charge had posted a fine effort .
They said : “ He did it the hard way and jumped well in front . I think they pecked a bit at the last , but it was a very good performance .
“ We did n't set out to make it , but Paul was n't happy there was enough pace so they went on .
“ We are heading for the Arkle unless something else changes . ”
They added : “ Footpad was fourth in a Champion Hurdle , but we thought they would be going two and a half miles or more over fences . The first day they jumped they were very good and when you can jump , you can go any trip . ”
Townend said : “ We did n't hang around and kept it up . They jumped super and came up for me at the last when they were very long and got to the other side . They jump like a stag , you 'd swear he 's ( been ) jumping fences all their life . It was a great thrill riding him , they were deadly !
“ I thought it was a really good performance and they did it the hard way , making all their own running . ”
Mullins also saddled Demi Sang , who crashed into the first fence and eventually came home last of the four finishers .
They said : “ Demi Sang made a hash of the first fence and lost their confidence a bit , so David ( Mullins ) tried to get them back jumping and they did .
“ It would be hard to see them competing at Grade One level over two miles , so he 'll probably have to drop down a grade or go out in trip . I would prefer to go out in trip , but we 'll have a word with Frank ( Berry ) and JP ( McManus ) and see what they want to do . ”
Davy Russell , rider of the Henry de Bromhead-trained Petit Mouchoir , felt a bit deflated in defeat .
They said : “ We were a bit disappointed because at the start of the season we thought we had the best , but it seems there 's one better than us .
“ He made two early mistakes and that put manners on him . ”
Meanwhile , Min bounced back to form and avenged their Christmas defeat as they won the Coral Dublin Chase .
Willie Mullins ' seven-year-old was first past the post in a Grade One over the festive period , only to lose the race in the flight attendants ' room to the reopposing Simply Ned .
However , they roared back into form with a clear-cut victory in the hands of David Mullins , after last year 's Champion Chase victor Special Tiara had made a bold bid from the front .
Special Tiara had upwards of 12 lengths in hand at one point , but was clearly coming to the end of their tether as Min reeled them in before jumping the final fence .
David Mullins riding Min clears the last to win The Coral Dublin Steeplechase at Leopardstown in Dublin , Ireland . Photo : Alan Crowhurst/Getty Images
Ordinary World and Simply Ned tried to go with Min 's challenge , but the 11-8 favourite was far too good , with Ordinary World crashing through the last to give up their place chances .
Simply Ned eventually pipped Special Tiara on the line for second , but Min 's stable companion Yorkhill was bitterly disappointing .
David Mullins said : “ Special Tiara went a right good gallop and it kept the race simple as there were a lot of horses there that could be free , but they settled going that gallop .
“ He was too free here the last day and did n't quite get home and I had that in the back of my mind . After I gave them a squeeze after the last they really picked up and I had Ordinary World covered . ”
Min 's owner Rich Ricci was delighted their runner had regained the winning thread .
They said : “ It was great , it was relief and they looked better today than at Christmas . Everyone tells me they jumped well today .
“ It puts them back on track for Cheltenham , and starts a big weekend here in Dublin for us . ”
Willie Mullins was also relieved to see Min back on song , but admitted plans for Yorkhill have been thrown back up in the air .
They said : “ They went very fast and David elected to settle them ( Min ) in and it made a huge difference . We changed our tactics a bit and it worked well .
“ I 'd imagine the Champion Chase is where they will go now , and we do n't have anything else in mind .
“ I was very disappointed with Yorkhill and Paul ( Townend ) said they were never travelling .
“ It 's completely back to the drawing board with him . We 'll see if anything shows up , but possibly the fast pace over jumps caused them to lose their jumping method down the back . They are n't happy going at pace over fences . ”
Mullins also has another string to their potential Betway Queen Mother Champion Chase bow in Douvan , who has been sidelined since last year 's Cheltenham Festival .
The trainer added : “ Douvan is in good order and did some nice work during the week . Everything we are doing and asking them to do they are answering the questions properly , but we have a good bit to go yet . ”
Patricks Park was delivered with a perfectly-timed run by Rachael Blackmore to win the Coral Sandyford Handicap Chase .
Formerly trained in Britain by Matt Shepherd , Patricks Park had their first start for Willie Mullins on New Year 's Day and stepped up considerably on that sixth place over hurdles to lift this two-mile-one-furlong contest .
Three Stars appeared to have stolen a winning advantage coming to the final obstacle but a slight mistake at that fence allowed Patricks Park ( 6-1 ) to get on terms and they kicked away after the last .
Tully East kept on for third with Blast Of Koeman fourth .
Off You Go triumphed from the bottom of the handicap in the Coral Hurdle .
Trained by Charles Byrnes and ridden by Mark Enright , Off You Go ran out a 13-length winner at Limerick over the Christmas period to book their place in the line-up for this 100,000 euro events .
Enright 's mount was sent off a 6-1 shot and jumped the last in front , only for Katie Walsh and Deal D'Estruval to set out in pursuit .
However , Off You Go still had a bit in reserve and they pushed on again to win , with Grand Partner third and the runner-up 's stablemate Makitorix fourth .
Blackmore said : “ Patricks Park was fantastic . It was great to get an opportunity to get to ride for Willie and I was delighted I could get the job done today .
“ We went a hell of a gallop so they were a little on their head at the start , but their jumping kept them in it and they were fantastic in that sense . ”
In the opening race of the day , Tower Bridge swooped late to win the Nathaniel Lacy & Partners Solicitors Novice Hurdle .
The Joseph O'Brien-trained runner was the ( outsider ) of the seven-strong field and J J Slevin had them switched off at the back of the pack as Paul Townend set out to make all on 7-4 favourite Fabulous Saga .
The latter had built up a substantial lead and was still five lengths clear with three to jump , but Dicey O'Reilly was leading the chase and Fabulous Saga was clearly out of gas coming to the last .
It looked as though Jetz had stolen the advantage up the inside , but Slevin delivered the 25-1 winner down the middle of the track on the run to the line and Tower Bridge kept responding , eventually shading it on the line .
Brandon Gamble died after rescuing their five children from a house fire in Clayton County , Georgia . Screenshot from Brandon Gamble 's Facebook
Race Relations Commissioner Dame Susan Devoy says New Zealand is becoming more racist , following on from attitudes abroad , as they launch a new campaign urging New Zealanders to Give Nothing to Racism .
`` We 're seeing a rise in racial hatred overseas and closer to home , '' they told TVNZ 's Breakfast programme .
`` Racial prejudice and intolerance starts small , in quiet places , in our everyday lives .
`` When it becomes normalised it turns into overt racism and extremism . ''
The campaign features New Zealander of the Year Taika Waititi in a short video appealing to their compatriots to stop feeding racism .
`` You do n't have to be a full-on racist , just being a tiny bit racist is enough , '' they say .
`` A smile , a cheeky little giggle , even a simple nod in agreement - it all adds up and it gives others the message that it 's okay . ''
Waititi is one of a number of well-known New Zealanders who have produced short videos to support the campaign .
Dame Susan says `` some iconic Kiwis are standing shoulder-to-shoulder '' with the Human Rights Commission to give no acceptance to racism .
One in three complaints to the Human Rights Commission is about racial discrimination , but the overwhelming majority of people never complained when humiliated or abused .
`` Hatred and extremism is becoming normal in some places and we want to avoid that future for Aotearoa , '' Dame Susan said .
They say that while we should be welcome to have a debate on immigration numbers , it should be tempered with caution .
`` Do not let racism and prejudice come in to that discussion '' .
`` Our demographic has changed within a generation and that has posed some challenges and some opportunities .
`` We 're unique and we have a wonderful opportunity to lead the way here . ''
The campaign is the second stage of an ongoing , nationwide initiative .
Last September , the commission started a website to allow ordinary New Zealanders to share their personal stories of racism .
The New Zealand Transport Agency says it may consider closing roads earlier in the event of storms in the future .
One-hundred-and-fifteen tourists spent Thursday night trapped in their cars between Fox Glacier and Franz Josef .
Tourists involved were critical of the official response .
Peter Connors of the New Zealand Transport Agency told 1 NEWS : '' Obviously we could always do things better . That just goes without saying . When we get 115 trapped none of us are happy about it . ''
Several frustrated travellers were left questioning why the highway was open .
The Transport Agency did put out an alert not to travel , but it was issued after many had already begun their travels .
`` The day before we did send a warning out , essential vehicles only , essential travel only . it was predicted and we tried to get that warning out , '' Mr Connors said .
Tesco Mobile customers had the highest levels of satisfaction compared to the mobile sector as a whole ( 96 per cent )
Ofcom has told the telecoms industry to “ up its game ” while presenting its first ‘ comparing service quality ' report on April 12 .
In the report covering the calendar year of 2016 , Ofcom found mobile ( 92 per cent ) , landline ( 89 per cent ) and broadband customers ( 87 per cent ) were satisfied with their service .
Virgin Media customers were the happiest with their broadband service ( 91 per cent ) , compared to the sector overall , while BT customers reported the highest levels of overall satisfaction with their landline telephone service ( 92 per cent ) . Tesco Mobile customers had the highest levels of satisfaction , compared to the mobile sector as a whole ( 96 per cent ) .
13 per cent of broadband customers complained to their provider in 2016 compared to five per cent from landline and four per cent from mobile customers .
Virgin Media and TalkTalk had the highest proportion of complaints for broadband both at 16 per cent . In the mobile market Vodafone customers complained at a rate of seven per cent .
Wait time
Broadband and landline customers had to wait over twice as long to speak to a customer service advisor , two minutes and 51 seconds , compared to mobile customers who waited only a minute .
Plusnet broadband and landline customers waited seven minutes and 27 seconds on average , the longest duration . 21 per cent hung up before getting through . TalkTalk responded quickest to broadband and landline customers , taking on average 47 seconds . Alongside EE , TalkTalk had the lowest rate of calls abandoned at four per cent .
In mobile O2 customers were kept waiting the longest at two minutes and three seconds on average . Tesco performed the best at 30 seconds to an answer . Eight per cent of O2 customers hung up before speaking to someone , compared to three per cent of EE 's mobile customers .
Determined
The regulatory body has also launched a service comparison interactive tool for consumers .
Ofcom chief executive Sharon White said : “ We 're determined to help bring about a service revolution in the telecoms sector , where consistency and excellence becomes the norm , and customers always come first .
“ Today we want to shine a light on how different providers perform , and are challenging the industry to up its game on customer service . We 'll be monitoring closely to ensure industry service standards are raised . ”
Affordable access to a college degree may be as simple as working for your local Walmart .
The retailer is banking on the new benefit to help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market .
They 've partnered with startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor 's degree in business or supply-chain management for only a dollar a day .
Would this be incentive enough for you to join the Walmart team ?
Would you like to see them expand to more types of degrees ?
How successful will this program be ?
Good News and Bad For Cooper Webb , the good news is they walked away with their best result of the year last weekend in Glendale . The bad news ? It was an eighth ( he was tenth , twelfth , and tenth at the first three rounds ) . That is n't a terrible result , especially with so much talent in the class , but when you 're talking about a two-time 250SX champ and a 250 National Champion , you 'd expect at least a top-five here and there . We 'll see if they can get things figured out in Oakland . —Aaron Hansel Those Moves , Though Aaron Plessinger put some interesting moves on display during—and after—the race in Glendale . First , they moved over on Shane McElrath as the two were going through a rhythm lane , nearly causing McElrath to go down . Then , after winning the race , they channeled their inner James Stewart by dropping to the deck and busting out a Dirty Worm victory dance . Plessinger 's dissatisfaction with finishing second seems to be at an all-time high this year , so do n't be surprised if they ride aggressively again in Oakland . We 'll probably see another victory dance if they win , too . Who wants to bet it 's The Sprinkler ? —Hansel
Rich Shepherd
Championship Math Is it too early to start talking about the championship ? Of course it is , but when it comes to Eli Tomac , what other conversation is there ? Right now , he 's got a ridiculously large points deficit—36 , to be exact . With 13 races left , what does that mean ? Well , for one , if they win them all , it 'd be enough to win the championship no matter what , but that 's not going to happen . A more useful number is 2.769 , which is the average number of points Tomac needs to make up on Anderson per round if he 's going to catch them by the end of the season . In other words , on the nights they do n't win , they still need to try to beat Anderson by at position or two . We 'll see if they make more headway in Oakland . —Hansel
Recommended Reading
Back on the Box What a turnaround Justin Barcia is having this year with Monster Energy/Knich/Factory Yamaha . In just four races he 's already been on the podium three times , which is something nobody other than points leader Jason Anderson can say . This is by far the best he 's ever started a season , and that includes 2013 , when they won the second race of the year ( he recorded a DNF and a DNS at the two races after that ) . The season is still early , but right now it 's starting to look like Barcia is going to be a regular frontrunner . It would n't even be a shocker if they won in Oakland . —Hansel Wait For It… You know Ken Roczen is going to win a race sooner or later . The only question is , when ? Well , it could easily be in Oakland . He 's already been on the podium twice , and had they gotten a slightly better start in Glendale , they may have been in a position to challenge Tomac late in the race . Roczen 's done well in Oakland in the past , too—the last time they raced there , they took second—but he 's also had some bad luck , like the time they cased a triple in 2015 . We 'll see what kind of luck they have this time around . —Hansel
Short or Long Lap Times ? While the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum does host a professional football team ( for the time being ) , the stadium is more in line with a typical baseball stadium design ( the Oakland A 's play there , too ) , which typically means shorter lap times . From 2014 through 2016 , the winners average lap time hovered around the 53- to 56-second mark . Last year the Dirt Wurx crew was able to extend the lap times , with Eli Tomac averaging a 1:01.009 . We 'll see if they 're able to do the same this weekend . —Chase Stallo Year Winner Avg . Lap Time 2014 Ryan Villopoto 56.068 2015 Trey Canard 53.613 2016 Ryan Dungey 54.518 2017 Eli Tomac 1.01.009 A-Mart Is Back After missing the last three rounds due to a hairline fracture in their shoulder sustained in a crash at the season opener , Troy Lee Designs/Red Bull KTM 's Alex Martin will return to racing this weekend . Martin has spotted a deep 250SX West Region three races , so it will be interesting to see how they adjust to race pace . Fantasy players should pay close attention to qualifying times . —Stallo Marvin on the Mend Marvin Musquin went from not even being able to race in Houston ( due to a shoulder injury they suffered in a heat race ) , to not even being able to finish in Anaheim , to snagging top-five against a tough field on a challenging track in Arizona . That 's serious progress in 14 days . Their trainer , Aldon Baker , tells us this shoulder injury is similar to the knee problem Marvin suffered in Lucas Oil Pro Motocross last summer , with stretched ligaments . When that happens , the body goes into protection mode and tries to use other muscles and ligaments to compensate and save the injured ones . During the week , Marvin is working to get those muscles and ligaments to fire properly again , so they can start riding the way they did before the injury . As Aldon says , this is actually as much of a muscle memory thing as it is a strength or pain thing . So far , they 've made huge progress—can a season-saving podium already be in play this weekend ? —Jason Weigandt Malcolm is Back , Again Autotrader/Yoshimura Suzuki has extended Malcolm Stewart 's fill-in role with the team through at least this weekend . Originally signed to a “ when Justin Bogle returns ” deal , the team has found room for a third rider for a second straight week . Malcolm has performed well , so why not just sign them for the entire year ? Well , it 's not that simple , as adding another rider costs a lot of money and the team did not budget for a third rider . Still , as JGR team manager Jeremy Albrecht told Racer X in Glendale , they are trying to find the budget to keep Malcolm . “ We have n't finalized anything , but we 're hoping we can get there , ” they said . “ Suzuki already was willing to do something , so I just need to find some more and we 'll see where we 're at . We 're definitely all trying . We need to figure it out soon , because we already got next week coming . That 's what 's great about this sport . Always next week comes quick . We got to make the decision here . I 'd like to say it 's on Monday , but mid-week we should know what we 're going to do. ” —Stallo
Rich Shepherd
A terminal block is defined as an electric connector in which the wires are clamped down to the metal part by a screw . It allows more than one circuit to connect to another and often contains two long aluminum or copper strips designed to link different components . These strips create a bus bar for power distribution which is sent to the connected components . Terminal blocks are modular , insulated blocks which unite two or more wires and are usually made of an insulating body and a clamping device to complete the connection . They include a broad range of fixed-mount and pluggable European cage clamps , U.S.-style screw clamps , spring clamp-style wire-to-board and wire-to-wire blocks , and related headers .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/terminal-block-market.html
The global terminal block market can be segmented on the basis of type , application , and geography . In terms of type , the market is divided into the following categories : barriers , sectional , printed circuit board ( PCB ) , and power . The barriers segment is further split into the single row and double row divisions , the sectional segment into Nema ( American style ) and IEC ( European style ) divisions , and the PCB segment into fixed and pluggable divisions . Applications of terminal blocks include business equipment , HVAC , power supplies , industry controls , instruments , telecom equipment , and transportation .
This market is driven by factors such as the increasing demand for multipurpose , multifunctional , intelligent , finger-safe terminal blocks ; the ever-expanding PCB market ; advancements in various connection technologies ; and the product 's growing adoption in the telecom sector . Industry controls and HVAC are estimated to contribute a major market share during the forecast period . Developments in termination technologies of terminal blocks intended for usage in more rugged applications such as instrumentation , industry controls , and data acquisition spur their growth .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=21506
Rapid urbanization , rising disposable incomes , strict energy regulations , financial incentives through tax credit programs for energy-efficient HVAC systems , and technological innovations also play a part in motivating the HVAC industry which eventually fuels the demand for terminal blocks in this industry .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
IF economists , psychologists and social scientists insist that money ca n't buy happiness , then why do lawyers , government bureaucrats , and politicians claim otherwise ? That 's because it 's more comfortable for the latter to cry inside their mansions and luxury vehicles than in jail . Or is it ?
When I was a child , I was told by my prudent parents that money was not everything . Why not ? That 's because we subsisted every day without the luxury of a television set and a refrigerator , but entertained ourselves by playing chess , scrabble and domino , and ate a lot of real , nutritious food .
Fast forward . When I was in the corporate world managing human resources and total quality departments , alternatively if not simultaneously , I often told our workers – with the same success formula that I 've learned from my parents : Money is not everything . If money were everything , then it would only be a matter of time before you switched to another employer who could give you a better pay-and-perks deal , and then it would be too late for you to realize you 've made a bad decision .
I 've proven it myself when I conducted a series of exit interviews with more than 1,500 resigned workers in the past . High pay was only number three out of the top three reasons often mentioned , with toxic bosses and a lack of challenging tasks as second and third , respectively . They leave bad bosses , not the good companies that employ them .
This brings us to review the validity of the success formula of many CEOs in today 's modern workplace , particularly on how to manage the so-called millennial workers . Our $ 6-million dollar question is repeated here :
What is the modern way for CEOs to manage their workers ? In the United States , where there are more aggressive , conceited and self-focused young workers – the basic characteristics of millennials , Clorox Company top honcho Benno Dorer , who was awarded as the 2017 highest rated CEO for large companies by Glassdoor , offers a current perspective on “ masterclass leadership . ”
Dorer told Inc. 's author-contributor John Eades , who is also the CEO of LearnLoft , an organization focused on improving the modern management professionals : Clorox has “ a leadership model that envisions the future and then we rally people around that future . I engage with my people in the ‘ when ' but I leave it up to them on ‘ how ' they accomplish what we want to accomplish .
“ I try to empower people to do what they do best and stay out of their way . We always look at ourselves as a people company . Therefore , ideas need to come from the lunchroom , not the boardroom . That 's exactly the type of environment we want to create. ” This was confirmed by Clorox 's employees who summarize Dorer 's focus on three major areas : professional development , transparency and vision for the company .
Award organizer Glassdoor , an online employment service for job seekers , claims that Dorer got a 99 percent approval rating from their employees who participated in the survey , beating Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , who was listed as number 10 in the list of 100 companies with at least 1,000 employees each .
Eades cites Dorer 's leadership success formula as something “ about serving and empowering others ” and recommends the following strategies to CEOs : One , be humble , as humility is an attractive trait of a leader . Two , surround yourself with great people and leave them alone . In other words , do n't choke them with close supervision .
Three , be purpose-driven and not money-driven . If the only reason why you 're coming to work every day is about money , then that would not be sustainable in the long term . And lastly , be a contributor to one 's career success , as being a leader means you have to create more leaders as well .
Are these ideas new ? Not exactly . Employee empowerment and engagement has been around since the time the much-vaunted Toyota Production System was established and refined by Taiichi Ohno and Eiji Toyoda , sometime between 1948 and 1975 . As you probably know , TPS is banking on its “ respect for people ” mantra , along with continuous improvement and other related factors .
But what has become an enduring piece of management advice is the belief of Dorer that they do n't care how much time their employees spend in the office , as long as they produce concrete and tangible results . You can come in whatever time you like because you 're not being measured by the time you 're spending in the office but your actual results .
This means that the Perfect Attendance Award is a dead and an obsolete management strategy . I mean , if you 're still asking employees to produce a medical certificate even for their one-day sick leave or if you 're deducting the pay of tardy employees then , one thing is sure — you 're obsolete , if not part of the bigger problem .
Rey Elbo is a business consultant specializing in human resources and total quality management as a fused interest . Send feedback to elbonomics @ gmail.com or follow them on Facebook , LinkedIn , or Twitter for their random management thoughts on Elbonomics .
Tipperary will be without Séamus Callanan for Sunday 's hurling league final against Galway with a broken thumb . An Star for the last three years , the Drom & Inch forward sustained the injury in last weekend 's semi-final win over Wexford .
Team manager Michael Ryan told the Tipperary Star that they expected the forward to be out for three to four weeks but to return in time for the championship opener on May 21st against Cork in the Munster quarter-final .
“ We have an important match next weekend and they are not going to be available so , yeah , they are frustrated , ” Ryan told the newspaper . “ But I am fully aware that when you play a game you run that risk and we run the same risk every night in training .
“ This is exactly what the panel is for . We have had surgery on the panel - the panel is back down to thirty-five . There really is intense competition in the panel and this is going to create an opportunity - somebody is going to benefit from it . It is unfortunate , but it creates an opportunity - somebody is going to start instead of him , ” Michael Ryan said .
“ Séamie is a starter and we can take that as read , but someone is going to get a jersey now that they may or may not have been expecting . This really creates an opportunity for someone , ”
In the same interview they also told the Tipperary Star that full back James Barry would be fit to play in the league final despite picking up a minor injury at the weekend .
TONASKET – Lifelong residents Roger and Lori Sawyer are this year 's Tonasket Founders ' Day grand marshals .
They will be in the Founders ' Day parade at 11 a.m. Saturday on Whitcomb Avenue .
Both are involved with the Comancheros Rodeo Club , and have been for many years .
“ I was surprised to be chosen . I do n't think I deserve it , ” said Roger , the Comancheros treasurer who works on fundraising activities . They can be found working in the concession stand at most community events at the rodeo grounds and helping with grounds keeping between events .
They are this year 's rodeo chairperson and truck and tractor pull chairperson . They also started a New Years ' Eve ice skating party three years ago for families . The event includes flooding the rodeo arena , hosting bonfires for youth and adults and putting on a fireworks display .
As rodeo chairperson , they coordinate with the ProWest Rodeo Association , and reaches out to stock contractors , announcers and keeps track of a long list of details .
For Lori , the nomination was half well-kept secret and half surprise .
“ It was supposed to be just Roger . I did n't know I was going to be part of it , ” said Lori . “ There are a lot better people than us that should have been there . ”
Lori got involved with the Comancheros years ago , with cowboy polo . After meeting Roger in 2006 , they got involved to a larger degree and now serves as secretary .
They described their role as “ keeping Roger in line , taking minutes at meetings , keeping people informed and handling cash from concessions and gate sales . ”
They eloped to the Hitching Post in Coeur d'Alene , Idaho , in 2008 , but plan to reaffirming their vows and commitments to each other in early June .
The celebration will have a Western theme , with most of the wedding party outfitted from the couple 's recently purchased business , DeTro 's Western Store .
Two men stabbed in fight at Palatine apartment
hello
Palatine police are investigating what happened at an apartment on the 1300 block of East Wyndham Circle late Sunday that left two men with stab wounds .
One man is in custody in relation to what police are calling a domestic fight , authorities said .
Officers responding to a 9-1-1 call from the apartment just after 10 p.m. Sunday found the two victims , Cmdr . Craig Lesselyoung said Monday . `` It seems it was an argument amongst people and we are still trying to determine who did what , '' Lesselyoung said . `` This was isolated to that apartment complex . ''
The Palatine Fire Department rushed the stabbing victims to Advocate Lutheran General Hospital in Park Ridge . One was treated and released , while the other remains hospitalized in stable condition .
Lesselyoung said police will release more information as soon as it is available .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A biker has died and a young boy has suffered serious injuries after the motorcycle they were riding collided with a lorry .
Police desperately tried to give CPR to the man before paramedics arrived to take over but they were sadly confirmed dead at the scene in Purley Chase , near to the quarry in Mancetter , Atherstone , last night ( Monday , July 2 ) .
A 12-year-old boy , who was riding pillion on the bike , suffered severe leg injuries in the collision , which happened at 7.30pm , and they needed trauma care at the scene before being taken to Birmingham Children 's Hospital for further treatment .
A police investigation is now underway into the collision which saw West Midlands Ambulance Service ( WMAS ) send three ambulances , a paramedic officer , the Midlands Air Ambulance from Tatenhill and a medic from East Midlands Ambulance Service to the scene .
( Image : Google )
Warwickshire Police say : `` We are appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision in Atherstone .
`` Police were called shortly after 7.30pm after receiving reports that a white lorry and a blue Suzuki motorcycle had collided on Purley Chase Lane near the village of Mancetter .
`` The motorcycle driver , a man in their 50s , was sadly pronounced deceased at the scene . Their next of kin has been informed .
`` A 12 year-old boy who was a passenger on the motorcycle has been left with serious injuries and is being treated at Birmingham Children 's Hospital . `` ​
PC Matt Morrall from Warwickshire Police said : `` We are appealing to anyone who witnessed the collision to please call Warwickshire Police on 101 , quoting incident number 20180702-419 of July 2 .
`` Our thoughts are with the man 's family at this difficult time . ''
Texas Rangers second baseman Rougned Odor ( 12 ) turns the front end of a double play getting Miami Marlins A.J . Ellis ( 17 ) at second to end the sixth inning at Globe Life Park in Arlington , Tuesday , July 25 , 2017 . The Rangers defeated the Marlins , 10-4 . ( Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News )
ARLINGTON - Rougned Odor , playing their best baseball of the season , will attempt to set a single-season personal best for consecutive games without an error Thursday .
Odor , who had not been scheduled to play , was a late addition to the lineup after Adrian Beltre was scratched with an infected tooth . Jurickson Profar , who had been scheduled to play second , moved to third and Odor was inserted at second .
Odor has played 33 consecutive error-free games ( 32 starts ) since May 24 , tying the mark they set from August 20 until the end of their rookie 2014 season . In the first streak , they handled 126 chances in 273 innings ; this time around he 's handled 135 chances in 279 innings . Odor actually stretched the first streak to 38 games by playing five more error-free games to start 2015 .
`` It is some of the best defense that we 've seen them play on a consistent basis , '' Rangers manager Jeff Banister said . `` We 've seen some stretches where Rougie makes some dynamic plays , but what I 'm pleased with most is just the overall routine play . They had one little bobble three or four nights ago , but they were able to recover and make the play . ''
`` When you look up , he 's attentive on every pitch . He 's moving well , even on balls away from him . So , I like where he 's at right now . Even with the play last night , the line drive double play , the transition was very quick . ''
Of the 28 MLB second basemen with at least 400 innings , Odor currently ranks sixth in defensive WAR ( wins above replacement ) and 12th in runs saved , according to fangraphs.com . Odor finished last season 18th of 19 second baseman ( minimum 800 innings ) in defensive WAR .
Banister said Odor 's footwork at the position has improved considerably . That has allowed them to appear more fluid and smooth in attacking balls .
The structure needs to be moved to make way for an apartment development
A portable classroom that has been used at Dahlia Court 's youth education program has been made available for donation by Peoples ' Self-Help Housing .
In anticipation of the construction of a 33-unit addition of affordable apartments at Dahlia Court , the portable classroom needs to be removed .
The youth education program will continue in the complex 's Community Room .
The classroom measures 30 by 32 feet . The height is 11 feet 3 inches with a one-foot skirt at the bottom .
The classroom is equipped with lighting , sink , handicapped ramp and storage cabinets . It splits in half for moving . All moving costs are assumed by the recipient .
For more information , call Peoples ' Self-Help Housing portfolio manager Carlos Jimenez at 805.448.8542 or 805.962.5152 x233 .
— Rochelle Rose is the fund development director and youth education manager for Peoples ' Self-Help Housing .
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Biogas Power Plants Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Wartsila , Air Liquide , EnviTec Biogas AG , Scandinavian Biogas , Swedish Biogas International , Ameresco , Inc , Agrinz Technologies GmbH , PlanET Biogas Global GmbH , SP Renewable Energy Sources Pvt . Ltd , Beijing Sanyi Green Energy Development , Quadrogen , IES BIOGAS , Biofuel USA Corporation , CH4 Biogas , Borgias Sweden AB .
The report begins with introducing the global Biogas Power Plants market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Biogas Power Plants report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biogas-power-plants-market/5885/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Biogas Power Plants Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Generation of Electricity from Livestock Farms , Generation of Electricity from Industry Wastewater , Generation of Electricity from Municipal Sewage .
Biogas Power Plants Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Household Electricity , Commercial Electricity , Others .
Key points in the Biogas Power Plants Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biogas-power-plants-market/5885/ # inquiry
From all of this Biogas Power Plants market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Biogas Power Plants market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Biogas Power Plants distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
- WWE is teasing a romantic angle between new Mixed Match Challenge tandem Goldust and Mandy Rose . In the above video , Goldust asks their partner out to dinner .
Goldust introduced Rose as their new partner last Tuesday after Alicia Fox was forced to pull out due to injury . Goldust and Rose face Naomi and SmackDown Tag Team Champion Jimmy Uso this Tuesday in Week 4 of Mixed Match Challenge .
- According to PWInsider.com , the next series of classic content to be added to the WWE Network will be episodes of WWF All-Star Wrestling . The series will be added to the Vault section next month .
WWF All-Star Wrestling was a syndicated show that consisted of top-tier or mid-card talent defeating enhancement talent ( jobbers ) and at times a `` feature '' match between main WWF talent . The show ran from May 20 , 1972 , through August 31 , 1986 , at which point it was replaced by WWF Wrestling Challenge .
- The Tampa Bay Times has a story on Titus O'Neil wanting to inspire kids with Black Panther , the latest Marvel superhero movie set to hit theaters Feb. 16 .
`` I 'm 40 years old and I 've never seen a Marvel character that looked like me , as an African-American male , '' O'Neil said .
`` This will be the first time I 've seen a superhero on screen that looks like me and I want kids to not only be able to see superheroes on the screen but also to view themselves as superheroes .
`` If they see that on screen , then maybe they can be the next doctor or lawyer or president , whatever they can be . This could be a great teaching moment if we can get them into theaters . ''
Source : PWInsider
Become a PWInsider Elite member by clicking here . Elite members get access to hotline reports from their staff , two weekly audio shows , a weekly newsletter and an ad-free version of PWInsider.com .
Columnist and trained counsellor Fiona Caine offers their perspective on a woman who feels let down because of their past .
The problem…
“ My alcoholic mother was abusive to me and my brother for many years . They left us when I was 15 and my father was glad to see the back of them – so was I at the time but , as I got older , I would wonder about them
“ When I was 19 , I got in touch with them but nothing had changed . They were still the same aggressive , drunken bully she 'd always been . I resolved never to see them again but , when I told my father I 'd seen her , they were so angry , they kicked me out and I ended up homeless and sofa-surfing for nine months .
“ I was pretty desperate for money and did things I 'm too embarrassed to talk about . And although three years on , I now have a job and a place to live , I still feel hurt and rejected .
“ I want a normal life like other people , but what chance has a person like me got of pulling this off ? I 'm such a failure and I think I need some help . ”
A. S .
( Thinkstock/PA )
Fiona says…
“ You describe yourself as a failure , but to me , it sounds as if you 're making a great success of your life .
“ You 've managed to pull yourself back from abuse and rejection . You 're tough enough to have survived homelessness , found a job and a place to live and you 're only in your early 20s ! There are many people of your age who still ca n't afford a place to live and who do n't have jobs .
“ You tried to mend bridges with your mother , despite years of abuse , which indicates that you 're a kind , forgiving sort of person many people would be proud to have as a friend . You 've been through experiences that would have finished many people off , and you 're brave enough to admit that it has damaged you and that you need help .
( Thinkstock/PA )
“ You 're very far from being a failure ! You 've a survivor and I am sure you 've got what it takes to move on from here and achieve whatever you set your mind to .
“ It sounds like you need to build a social circle of people you like and trust , so develop interests that bring you into contact with others . Take up social opportunities connected with work , too – and if there are n't any , consider organising them yourself , even if it 's just a drink after work on a Friday .
“ You do n't mention seeing your brother in recent years – if you 're not in contact with him , do try and build bridges there . You might consider contacting your father , too ; their rejection of you for seeing your mother is extraordinary , and it may be one they now regrets .
One of our newest Listening Volunteers , Sally , shares their advice for being a better listener 💎 # WednesdayWisdom pic.twitter.com/ggj5PdNA8N — Samaritans ( @ samaritans ) March 14 , 2018
“ I also think counselling could help you come to terms with your past and move on , so do speak to your GP about this . Talking through your past with someone who can guide you might make you see just how far you 've come . In the meantime , if things threaten to overwhelm you again , please contact Samaritans or call 116 123 . ”
If you have a problem and you 'd like Fiona 's advice , email help @ askfiona.net
© Press Association 2018
STRASBOURG , France : The European Parliament backed a contested EU-Canada free trade deal on Wednesday , facing down protests by activists and Donald Trump-inspired calls for protectionism .
MEPs meeting in Strasbourg , France , approved the pact with 408 votes in favor , 254 against and 33 abstentions .
Approval by the parliament allows the provisional implementation of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement as early as next month .
EU states and Canada formally signed the deal in October after seven years of tough talks , overcoming last-minute resistance from a small Belgian region that blocked its national government from approving the accord .
Protests marked the vote , with about 700 people marching outside parliament to voice their opposition to the deal .
Anti-globalization activists dressed in surgical masks dramatically blocked entrance to the parliament building , before being dragged off by riot police .
“ Saying yes to CETA is a trampling of the people , ” said a banner .
Following the approval by parliament , Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will address MEPs in person on Thursday .
EU leaders see the deal as a victory for an imperiled global trade system that is under threat from US President Donald Trump who opposes international trade deals .
Opponents to the accord , which is known as CETA , slam the deal as a danger to health , democracy and the rule of law .
“ CETA is the best trade agreement the EU has ever concluded . It will bring Canada and Europe even closer together , ” said German MEP Manfred Weber , the head of the conservative EPP group , the parliament 's biggest bloc .
Deal ‘ attacks governments '
Some of the more controversial aspects , including a much-derided investor court system , still require ratification by EU member states , which could take years .
The EU is very ambitious about the deal , calling it Europe 's most modern ever , and saying it will become a template for later deals , including with post-Brexit Britain .
CETA will remove 99 percent of non-farm customs duties between the two sides , a big win for exporters on both sides of the Atlantic .
And unlike classic trade deals , CETA harmonizes regulations on matters such as health and the environment , a major concern for activists .
A major flashpoint for opponents is the proposal to set up special courts to settle disputes between investors and national authorities that is central to the deal .
Opponents believe this provision hands too much power to multinationals that will use powerful lawyers to undermine national regulation .
“ Multinationals will be able to attack governments in a privatised court system , ” said France 's far-right presidential candidate and MEP Marine Le Pen , who voted against CETA .
But the deal 's EU negotiator , Commissioner Cecilia Malmstroem , told MEPs that “ nothing in this agreement undermines a government 's right to regulate in the public interest ” .
The vote comes at a particularly sensitive time for global trade matters , with Britain poised to leave the European Union and new US president Trump rejecting an Asia-Pacific trade deal .
Trump is also widely expected to drop a similar proposed deal with the EU known as the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership or TTIP .
Trudeau met with Trump on Monday in Washington .
Trump had vowed to put “ America first ” and rip up the North America Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico , but significantly toned down that rhetoric after meeting Trudeau . AFP
AFP/CC
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
West Ham have sacked director of player recruitment Tony Henry after claims they told agents the club do not want to sign any more African players .
The Hammers have acted swiftly following the allegations , having previously suspended them on Thursday .
According to the Daily Mail , Henry said the Hammers wanted to limit the number of African players because “ they have a bad attitude ” and “ cause mayhem ” when they are not in the team .
A club statement read : “ West Ham United have today terminated the contract of Director of Player Recruitment , Tony Henry , with immediate effect following their unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press .
“ Our action follows a full and thorough investigation . West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination .
“ The West Ham United family is an inclusive one where , regardless of gender , age , ability , race , religion or sexual orientation , everybody feels welcome and included . ”
Hammers boss David Moyes had already distanced the club from the comments allegedly made by Henry .
Moyes , who also worked with Henry at Everton , highlighted their failed attempts to sign both Algeria 's Islam Slimani and the Cameroon-born Ibrahim Amadou before Wednesday 's transfer deadline .
They said : “ The comments are wrong . We were signing two players from Africa on deadline day so I can only say they are wrong .
“ You can see the players the club has signed over the years – we sign good quality players , the best we can get . It does n't matter where they are from .
“ Never , ever , never at all ( have I experienced prejudice like that ) .
“ I do n't think there are many other clubs who have as many African players as West Ham . I find it difficult to believe anyone could say we are not a multi-national team who sign good players , the best available .
“ Over my time I 've had good African players and bad African players – it 's just like having good Scottish players and bad Scottish players . ”
West Ham have six first-team squad members of African descent : Cheikhou Kouyate , Pedro Obiang , Joao Mario , Angelo Ogbonna , Arthur Masuaku and Edimilson Fernandes .
Senegal striker Diafra Sakho left the club in the January to join Rennes and Ghana forward Andre Ayew returned to Swansea .
The Professional Footballers ' Association had also previously described West Ham 's “ swift action ” of suspending Henry as “ encouraging ” , adding in a statement : “ We trust they will deal with this in keeping with football 's position on all matters of equality and anti-racism . ”
– PA
Share it :
Do n't Miss
HONOLULU ( AP ) — A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he 's devastated about causing panic but was “ 100 percent sure ” at the time that the attack was real .
The man in their 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that they not be identified because they fear for their safety after receiving threats .
They say an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 did n't sound like a drill . However , state officials say other workers clearly heard the word “ exercise ” repeated several times .
“ Immediately afterward , we find out it was a drill and I was devastated . I still feel very badly about it , ” they said . “ I felt sick afterward . It was like a body blow . ”
Read More : Hawaii Governor Was Slow To Correct Missile Blunder Because They Forgot Their Twitter Password
He 's had difficulty eating and sleeping since , they said : “ It 's been hell for me the last couple weeks . ”
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired them after the incident .
The man 's superiors said they knew for years that they had problems performing their job . The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events , and colleagues were not comfortable working with him , the state said .
Their supervisors counseled them but kept them for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year .
The ex-worker disputed that , saying they are n't aware of any performance problems .
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu 's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13 , the man said , a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning , they said .
“ When the phone call came in , someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message , ” they said .
The man said they did n't hear the beginning of the message that said , “ exercise , exercise , exercise . ”
“ I heard the part , ‘ this is not a drill , ' ” they said . “ I did n't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers . ”
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts , allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently .
Managers did n't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent , and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning .
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning .
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to .
“ The protocols were not in place . It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible . But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have , ” retired Brig . Gen. Bruce Oliveira , who wrote the report on Hawaii 's internal investigation , said at a news conference .
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released . Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26 . The state did not name him .
The agency 's executive officer , Toby Clairmont , said Wednesday that they stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert .
Another employee was being suspended without pay , officials said .
The incident “ shines a light ” on the state 's system failures , the man who sent the alert said , adding that they believe the federal government should handle such alerts .
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing , they said . “ As far as our level of training was concerned , I think it was inadequate , ” they said .
Hawaii state Department of Defense spokesperson Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said .
Officials said the man refused to cooperate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement . They are n't trying to impede any investigations , they said : “ There really was n't anything else to say . ”
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Dried Fruit Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Graceland Fruit , Sunbeam Foods , Murray River Organics , Australian Premium Dried Fruits , Angas Park , Sunsweet Growers , Alfoah , Three Squirrel , Haoxiangni , KBB NUTS .
The report begins with introducing the global Dried Fruit market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Dried Fruit report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-dried-fruit-market/5924/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Dried Fruit Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Dried Dates , Dried Grapes , Dried Prunes , Dried Apricots , Others .
Dried Fruit Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Commercial , Household .
Key points in the Dried Fruit Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-dried-fruit-market/5924/ # inquiry
From all of this Dried Fruit market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Dried Fruit market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Dried Fruit distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Columbia County wants to inform the driving public of a new traffic signal installation . It 's located at William Few Parkway and Chamblin Road .
The light is scheduled to go into flashing mode on Friday October 6th , 2017 . The signal will remain in flashing mode for the remainder of this week , including the weekend . The signal is scheduled to be placed into normal stop and go operation on Tuesday , October 10 , 2017 .
Copyright 2017 WFXG . All rights reserved .
DESPITE threats of being charged before the Office of the Ombudsman , Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office ( PCSO ) General Manager Alexander Balutan remained adamant over the issue of the Small Town Lottery ( STL ) , saying they will continue with its operation despite allegations by House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez that the numbers game is illegal .
Balutan said that contrary to claims made by Alvarez that STL operations are being used as a front for the illegal numbers game , halting STL operations will only benefit illegal gambling or jueteng operators .
“ Stopping STL only favors gambling lords and their ilk , ” they noted on Wednesday .
“ We respect the opinion of House Speaker Alvarez , but we request that they reconsider whose side he 's on : the Filipino people who will benefit from the government 's increase in charity services and the opportunity to provide employment , or the illegal gambling operators and those who coddle them , ” Balutan said .
Alvarez warned that they will be forced to file a complaint against them before the Office of the Ombudsman , if the STL operations will not be stopped .
They said STL operations are not national in scale .
But Balutan said while they respect the opinion of the House Speaker , they assured that the PCSO , which is working under the Office of the President , is following the request of President Rodrigo Duterte to end illegal gambling operations in all its forms .
They clarified that the PCSO takes guidance and direction from the President who has been clear from the very beginning of their intention to eliminate illegal gambling operations and curb corruption .
Balutan explained that the PCSO 's enabling law ( Republic Act 1169 , as amended ) will prevail in so far as state-run lotteries are concerned .
This law is among those which Executive Order ( EO ) 13 aims to implement and protect .
EO 13 is an executive issuance to honor PCSO 's charter mandate .
PCSO Chairman Jorge Corpuz earlier said halting STL will result in loss of revenue for the agency
They added that through the expanded STL , the PCSO has been able to collect in the last quarter of 2016 , P6.46 billion , a far cry from the P4.7 billion collected for the whole of 2015 .
The government is poised to lose almost P28 billion in revenue if STL operations come to a halt .
This loss translates to billions of funds for the government 's charity services and free medicines for the poor .
“ I told them [ Alvarez ] to help us since this might boomerang because thousands will be adversely affected , particularly the poor , whose welfare the government seeks to uplift and address , ” Balutan said .
Didericksen Memorial , a funeral home based in Utah , provides high-quality options for burial enclosures that provide protection against subsoil elements and heavy maintenance equipment in cemeteries .
[ GRANTSVILLE , 04/24/2018 ] – Didericksen Memorial offers an array of premium and economical burial enclosures . The company explains that these enclosures provide outstanding durability and gives protection against subsoil elements as well as the weight of heavy equipment that cemeteries use for maintenance .
Clients can choose from a range of vaults depending on the kind of protection they want .
Basic Protection
According to Didericksen Memorial , basic protection products are constructed using single-reinforced and feature concrete mixed with plastic-reinforcement for strength .
Standard Protection
These double-reinforced products are made of stainless steel , high-strength concrete , and plastic to provide durable inner protection . Didericksen Memorial says that double-reinforcement protects the casket against external elements , from subsoil to maintenance tasks .
Products from this series come with Memorialization Plus™ and personalization options with the Wilbert Legacy Series™ prints of Life 's Reflections® appliqués .
Premium Protection
This collection provides high-quality durability with a long-lasting protection . For a triple-reinforcement , The Wilbert Bronze is ideal , while the Bronze and Copper Triune collections provide double-reinforced protection . Much like the previous series , the premium protection comes standard with the Memorialization Plus™ and the Wilbert Legacy Series™ prints . It also features the Wilbert Legacy Custom Series prints and Life 's Reflections® or Personalization Plus™ .
Didericksen Memorial understands that family and friends want to pay their respects to a loved one and honor a life well-lived . In opting for the company 's personalized casket vaults , clients can offer various use words , images , and symbols that represent one spirit .
About Didericksen Memorial
Didericksen Memorial is a funeral home in Grantsville , Utah . The experienced funeral directors of the company guide clients throughout the funeral service with dignity , compassion , and respect . Didericksen Memorial provides customized funeral services to meet the needs of each family – from casket choices to funeral flowers .
For more information , visit the https : //www.didericksenmemorial.com website today .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Columbia hosts Congress members for public financial discussions
COLUMBIA – The Columbia Chamber of Commerce is holding a financial services forum with representatives from Congress and local bank and business leaders .
U.S . Representatives Blaine Luetkemeyer and Vicky Hartzler will attend the event to discuss the current state of the financial services business and look into the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act .
Jery Dowell , director of government affairs for the chamber , said the event will offer a great opportunity for educating the public and giving them a chance to discuss the current economic state with those who will determine its future .
“ It 'll kind of be a back-and-forth of financial markets , the reforms that need to be made and kind of precursor to what 's going to occur probably in March , April and May as Congress will start debating changes to make in the financial markets , ” Dowell said .
Luetkemeyer represents Missouri 's third congressional district and serves as a member of the House Financial Services Committee . In addition , they are the subcommittee chairperson of Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit and serves as vice chairperson of the House Small Business Committee .
Hartzler represents Missouri 's fourth congressional district while serving on the House Armed Services , Agriculture , and Budget committees . They are also chairperson of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee .
Todd Quaadman , executive vice president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness , will join the pair to debate the future of the financial services business .
“ Missouri is in a unique position in the country . It 's kind of at the crossroads . If you take a look at the financial markets and financial institutions , the cutoff line is essentially Missouri where you have lots of chartered community banks . For example , the city of Columbia has more than 22 financial banks and credit unions , ” Dowell said .
They added Missouri is also unique because four of its eight members of congress sit on the Financial Services Committee , making them great educators for their financial constituents .
The event will be held at the Stoney Creek Hotel and Conference Center in Columbia from 10:30-11:30 Wednesday morning .
Nearly 100 financial service companies and businesses are already signed up to attend the event . If you would like to attend , go to the events tab on the Columbia Chamber of Commerce 's website to register .
Real Madrid know the return of Robert Lewandowski to the Bayern Munich side would make what looks on paper a straightforward Champions League task a whole lot more complicated .
Madrid goes into the second leg of their quarter-final at the Bernabeu on Tuesday boasting a 2-1 lead from the away leg , leaving the Germans with a mountain to climb .
The visitors need to score at least twice to progress and , given no team has been able to stop Madrid from scoring this season and the fact Zinedine Zidane 's men are averaging almost three goals a game this season , in all likelihood more than that . But the likely return of Lewandowski from the shoulder injury that ruled them out of the Allianz Arena clash makes such a scenario eminently possible .
The Poland striker , who has 15 goals in their last 11 club games , faced a fitness last night , but has already all but declared themselves fit .
“ Lewandowski is a real number nine and a bonus for Bayern , ” Madrid coach Zidane said at a press conference .
The striker trained with the team with no problems yesterday , saying afterwards that they were “ fine ” .
Bavaria manager Carlo Ancelotti does have concerns at the back , though , with Javi Martinez suspended following their red card in the first leg and Mats Hummels ( ankle ) and Jerome Boateng ( thigh ) facing late fitness tests .
The match comes five days before a Clasico that could go a long way to deciding the outcome of the Liga title race , with Madrid boasting a three- point lead over Barcelona , with a game in hand . But Zidane urged their team to spare no effort to seal their last-four spot in Europe .
“ We will go out to win the game and we 'll not gamble , ” they said . “ The first leg has already been played and we know the problems Bayern will create ; they 'll make it difficult until the referee blows for full time . ”
Madrid will be without Gareth Bale with a calf problem picked up in the first leg .
On February 13 and 14 , charismatic chanteuse Dionne Warwick will headline a two-night concert at the Grand Ballroom of Solaire Resort and Casino .
Revered as a singing legend and popular music icon , who to many of their admirers is gifted with a melodic and soulful voice , Warwick 's songs continue to touch the hearts of people who believe in romance , love , friendship , and forever .
“ I 've been to Manila several times…Manila audiences are wonderful , they have always seemed to enjoy my show , ” says the singing legend .
For their new Valentine concert , the audience will get to enjoy their famous songs such as “ Do n't Make Me Over , ” “ Walk On By , ” “ Do You Know The Way to San Jose ? , ” “ Alfie , ” and “ I 'll Never Love This Way Again ” and other signature songs .
They share , “ All of my songs are close to my heart as they are like my children . The success of these songs ; I attribute both to the wonderful composers and lyricists . ”
Warwick ranks among the 40 biggest hit makers of the entire rock era , based on the Billboard Hot 100 Pop Singles Charts , with 56 of the legendary American singer 's singles making the Billboard Hot 100 between 1962 and 1998 and 80 singles making all Billboard charts combined .
The musical icon received their first Grammy in 1968 for “ Do You Know the Way to San Jose ? ” and their second in 1970 for “ I 'll Never Fall In Love Again . ”
Under Arista Records , Warwick won the Grammy for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for “ I 'll Never Love This Way Again ” and Best Female R & B Vocal Performance for “ Déjà Vu ” in 1980 . They became the first female artist in the history of the Grammys to win in two categories on the same year .
In 1985 , Warwick contributed their voice to the multi-Grammy winning song “ We Are The World ” which also spent four consecutive weeks at number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart . On the same year , they recorded the American Foundation for AIDS Research benefit song “ That 's What Friends Are For ” with Stevie Wonder , Elton John , and Gladys Knight .
In a career that spans five decades , Dionne Warwick 's melodic and soulful voice remains unmatched .
“ I am truly looking forward to coming again to Manila and I do hope all of you will be at the concert to enjoy , ” Warwick promised .
For tickets , please visit solaireresort.com or call Ticketworld at 8919999 .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Abandoned units in the Maltings shopping precinct are to be converted into flats after retailers snubbed the opportunity to revitalise Uttoxeter town centre .
Fresh plans for the shopping precinct will now involve turning its empty units into town centre flats under new proposals by landowner MJ Barrett , the Uttoxeter Advertiser can exclusively reveal .
Project manager Mark Harris says plans to attract major retailers into the empty side of the Maltings had now been abandoned .
Detailed blueprints for the future of the area will be submitted to planning bosses in the next few weeks .
Mr Harris said : `` As a proud local business , we are still of the opinion that Uttoxeter town centre would benefit greatly from an increased number and greater variety of shopping outlets .
`` However , having strived for many years to generate interest in the Maltings shopping centre , we must now face the unfortunate fact that there is no present demand from potential businesses willing to locate to the area .
`` Alongside endeavours to let the existing units as they stand , we even went to the time and expense of obtaining planning approval for alterations to provide a more flexible array of units , but following intensive marketing there was still no interest .
`` Given the changing nature of our town centre , we currently find ourselves in agreement with comments about the Maltings , in that the area would benefit more from housing .
`` To that end , we are currently working on a planning proposal for a limited residential development utilising the existing buildings .
`` We believe that providing residential properties right in the centre of the town will help to maintain vitality of the existing high street businesses , revitalise the area and hopefully help rejuvenate the town centre , thus promoting further regeneration . ''
The new revelations come more than 18 months after planning permission was granted to turn the empty shops into two large units .
There were also plans approved to install flats on the first floor , as well as offices above the units on the other side of the street .
And Mr Harris confirmed the first-floor flats and offices would still be included in MJ Barrett 's forthcoming planning application .
They commented after being shown a letter from Advertiser reader David Stevenson , from Somersal Herbert .
They wrote : `` There are an ever-increasing number of empty shops , not helped by the local authority 's obsession with reducing on-street parking and keeping cars out of town .
`` The policies of our local authority ( Staffordshire County Council , which organises on-street parking ) , have done nothing to stem the decline of the town centre .
`` The Maltings is an ideal area to bring more residents into the town centre .
`` It should be demolished in its entirety and make way for some high-density town centre housing .
`` Asking its owner to rebuild part with shops below and flats ( as per the previous plans ) above is ludicrous .
`` Knock it all down and bring some life back into the town centre and give us back some respect for it . ''
In the last few months , repeated vandal attacks on the empty side of the Maltings have prompted the erection of huge protective metal barriers .
It previously housed shops including record retailer Tracks , greengrocer Lowndes Fruits and Staffordshire Cobbler .
Staffordshire County Council declined to comment .
Image copyright Getty Images
Recommendations for how to improve and strengthen Scotland 's hate crime laws are to be unveiled by a senior judge .
Lord Bracadale has been looking at whether new categories of hate crime , such as age and gender , should be created .
And they have been examining whether the country 's existing hate crime laws are fit for purpose .
Their report , which was commissioned by the Scottish government last year , will be published at 10:00 .
There were a total of 5,708 hate crime charges in Scotland in 2016-17 , including 3,349 racial , 673 religious , 1,075 LGB , 40 transgender and 188 disability hate crimes .
It is widely accepted that the real level of hate crime is far higher than reported in official statistics , as a significant number go unreported .
Social media
Police have also warned that many recorded instances of hate crime have an online element as increasing numbers of youngsters use social media to bully their peers or hide behind fake online accounts .
Lord Bracadale , who started work on their review in January of last year , has been speaking to victims and representatives of communities affected by hate crime , as well as those who work in the criminal justice system .
The Scottish government has stressed that Scotland is an `` open and inclusive nation '' but is not immune from the threat of racism , intolerance and prejudice .
Hate crime offences in Scotland are currently covered by a range of laws , one of which - the Offensive Behaviour at Football and Threatening Communications Act - was recently repealed by Holyrood against the wishes of the Scottish government .
At the time , the government warned that repealing the law would send out the message that parliament was `` happy to let this behaviour go unchecked and unchallenged '' .
As tech companies wrestle with policing content on their websites , YouTube has for the first time released a report about how it enforces its community guidelines .
The Google-owned video-sharing site — one of the biggest hosts of user-generated content in the world — released the report as it and other tech companies are facing pressure to be more transparent about how they make decisions on what to allow or ban from their platforms . The move also comes after a tragedy that involved Nasim Aghdam , a seemingly disgruntled video creator who went to the YouTube headquarters in San Bruno earlier this month and shot and injured three people , then killed herself , according to police .
In a report published Monday , YouTube said it removed more than 8 million videos in the last three months of 2017 and that most of it was spam ( 26.4 percent ) or sexual content ( 30.1 percent ) . Nearly 16 percent of removed videos fell in the hateful or abusive category ( 15.6 percent ) , 13.5 percent were considered violent or repulsive , 7.6 percent involved harmful or dangerous acts , 5.2 percent involved child abuse , and 1.6 percent promoted terrorism .
A majority of the video removals , 6.7 million , was first flagged by machines .
The San Bruno company , which said it will release regular quarterly updates about enforcing its guidelines , emphasized what a big help artificial intelligence has been .
“ At the beginning of 2017 , 8 percent of the videos flagged and removed for violent extremism were taken down with fewer than 10 views , ” the company said in a blog post Monday . “ We introduced machine learning flagging in June 2017 . Now more than half of the videos we remove for violent extremism have fewer than 10 views . ”
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings . Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter .
Still , the machines ca n't do it all . YouTube said it is close to its goal of having a total of 10,000 human beings on its content flagging and enforcement team by the end of 2018 and mentioned that it also relies on a network of human experts that includes academics , governments , NGOs and others .
YouTube gave examples of content that was flagged and removed , including a video that was removed because it called for the murder of gay people , and “ a video on an amateur science channel featuring a live grasshopper being microwaved. ” Videos that were not removed include a musical performance by a well-known Korean pop group that had been flagged by a user as hateful or abusive and “ a video from a prominent environmental organization about the life of young lions ” that had been flagged as child abuse .
The company said it received flags from humans on 9.3 million videos . The top three countries with the most human flaggers were India , the United States and Brazil .
Join us for some fun and raffle prizes as well as a great way to support a local nonprofit .
Marmalade Café will donate 15 percent of proceeds to the AHA , which will be used for research .
The Express Employment Professionals office in Santa Barbara is sponsoring an event from 6 to 8 p.m. this Tuesday at Marmalade Café in La Cumbre Plaza to raise funds and awareness for the local American Heart Association .
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
SANTA CLARA , Calif. — The San Francisco 49ers are easing linebacker Reuben Foster back into the system after they missed the start of the off-season program while dealing with a domestic violence case that was eventually dropped .
Foster was not allowed to participate in the off-season program until a judge ruled last week that they would n't have to stand trial on domestic violence charges . The judge determined there was no evidence that Foster ever hit their ex-girlfriend .
Foster rejoined the Niners last Thursday but has been held out of team drills as they get back up to speed . They took part in individual drills during organized team activities but spent the time during team drills doing conditioning or watching teammates .
Defensive co-ordinator Robert Salah said there 's no rush to get Foster back into team drills but added it wo n't take long for Foster to get back up to speed .
A team led by New Zealand scientists think they 've found a vital clue to developing the first treatment for Huntington 's Disease .
The debilitating neurological disorder can lead to extensive loss of control over bodily movement , dementia and psychological disturbance and eventually premature death .
It directly affects one every 10,000 people and there is no treatment for it .
Now , international researchers led Professor Russell Snell and Dr Renee Handley , of the University of Auckland 's School of Biological Sciences and Centre for Brain Research , have pinpointed one of the very earliest changes in the brain that results in the disease .
Advertisement
Their work , just published in prestigious scientific journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , identified elevated levels of the chemical urea in the brain of a transgenic sheep model , which matches those of human brains affected by Huntington 's .
Because it is known that neurons are lost in the brain before any symptoms of Huntington 's show , the long-term research focus of the group has been to determine the first biochemical change caused by the gene that leads to the cell death .
Results from the five-year study show that the Huntington 's sheep model , which is symptom-free but carries the mutant form of the human huntingtin gene , have the same increase in urea in the brain as the post-mortem brains of people who have died of Huntington 's .
Urea is a naturally occurring chemical in the body , produced from ammonia . Both are normally excreted as they are toxic to cells .
`` Genetic disorders of the urea system result in increased levels of ammonia and urea , causing severe neurological symptoms , '' Handley said .
The findings clearly pointed to brain urea , or ammonia , as a therapeutic target for Huntington 's disease .
`` What gives us hope is that treatments already exist for reducing urea and ammonia in the brain .
`` These could very simply be tested in Huntington 's disease , initially using our sheep model . ''
Snell was part of the international team that identified the gene mutation that causes Huntington 's in 1993 .
`` The next step , which we have already begun , is testing how we might treat Huntington 's disease with this knowledge .
`` It is a terrible disorder , devastating for families and our focus is on discovering a therapy as quickly as possible . ''
Meanwhile , the first drug targeting the cause of Huntington 's disease was found to be safe and well-tolerated in its first human trial .
University College London ( UCL ) scientists have been monitoring a human clinical trial of a drug that successfully lowered the level of the harmful huntingtin protein in the nervous system .
After more than a decade in pre-clinical development , this first human trial of huntingtin-lowering drug began in late 2015 , with sponsorship by Ionis Pharmaceuticals .
The trial involved enrolling 46 patients with early Huntington 's disease at nine study centres in the UK , Germany and Canada .
Each patient received four doses of either IONIS-HTTRx or a placebo , given by injection into the spinal fluid to enable it to reach the brain .
As the phase trial progressed , the dose of IONIS-HTTRx was increased several times , according to the ascending-dose trial design .
`` The results of this trial are of ground-breaking importance for Huntington 's disease patients and families , '' said Professor Sarah Tabrizi , director of University College London 's Huntington 's Disease Centre .
`` For the first time a drug has lowered the level of the toxic disease-causing protein in the nervous system , and the drug was safe and well-tolerated .
`` The key now is to move quickly to a larger trial to test whether the drug slows disease progression . ''
Get Nuru massage by the world famous escorts from east and elite escorts in Dubai….And get your mind , body and soul in elixir and relaxing mode .
Website : - http : //dubaimassage101.com
Phone +971509579927
TWO key assets in Cross River State , the Obudu Cattle Ranch and the Tinapa Business Resort could spring back to live to meet the aspirations of the state 's immediate past two governors , Mr. Donald Duke and Senator Lyel Imoke , if Mr Emmanuel Ibeshi is elected governor of the state in the next election .
Although they have not formally declared their intention , persons familiar with Ibeshi said the two projects , which had since been comatose in the last three years since Imoke left government , are at the core of a 12-pronged economic , social and entrepreneurial transformation and rescue mission which are the pillars of Ibeshi 's action plan as governor of Cross River State if elected .
Interestingly , it was learned that Duke and Imoke , along with Ibeshi , together fashioned the new Cross River State vision with Duke picked to begin the state 's revival mission in May 1999 , an assignment they discharged and handed over to Imoke in 2007 .
“ Truth be told , Donald Duke used eight years to put Cross River on the face of the world as the destination of choice for commercial travellers and a haven for tourism seeking foreigners as well as Nigerians , ” Ibeshi said .
“ Duke revamped the Obudu Cattle Ranch and created the Tinapa project , a N200 billion annual economy aimed at creating thousands of jobs . These giant strides had set the pace for the economic and socio-political development of Cross River State as a destination of choice for investors , ” they added .
They regretted that the pace of activities in the state in the last three years had reduced these enviable projects to mere historical monuments with nothing to show , a situation that has turned the state into a sleepy environment compared to the vibrancy with which it was known from 1999 to 2015 .
“ Senator Imoke succeeded Duke and added value to the foundation laid by Duke . Imoke made access to rural communities their first target to enable rural dwellers commute through asphalted roads instead of earth roads that collapsed during heaven rains .
“ He partnered the African Development Bank in the Rural Access Mobilisation Project , RAMP and reached almost all rural neighbourhoods in Cross River State with RAMP Phase 1 .
“ Imoke created the Rural Development Agency , RUDA , that became the main fulcrum of their administration tending towards rural development and infrastructure .
“ Imoke established the Institute of Technology and Management , Ugep and the Shonghai Farms . These two key projects of Imoke 's were aimed at tapping into the agricultural potentials of Cross River State using the Shonghai model . The Institute of Management and Technology was established to build capacity for the value chains realised from the Shonghai model .
“ Imoke established Micro Finance and Enterprise Development Agency , MEDA , to encourage young entrepreneurs by giving them soft loans in their various fields of endeavour in line with identified value chains
“ These are but a few amongst many other agencies Imoke 's administration created to give verve to making Cross River State sustain their enviable status that Donald Duke had placed them nationally and globally , ” Ibeshi added .
What to do next on congestion — and fixing the MTA Gov . Andrew Cuomo and the state Legislature have finally found a new revenue source for the MTA : the app-based for-hire vehicles that serve more than 600,000 riders every day , most ...
A battle for New York The battle for Greenwich Village , now before the City Council , is n't about buildings but about the city 's capacity to compete in the 21st century . New York University 's expansion plan has ...
DO N'T LET RED TAPE STYMIE STIMULUS NO matter how much money President Obama wants to spend on public works , federal rules and regulations make it difficult to get money rapidly into the hands of the state ...
WHY MELTDOWN WO N'T STOP NYC NEW Yorkers worried about the long-term impact of the global financial crisis should cheer up : The city will emerge all the stronger . Clearly , the collapse of major investment banks headquartered ...
All exports of New Zealand manuka honey will have to be tested as authentic against a new definition set by the Ministry of Primary Industries before it can be exported .
Agriculture Minister Damien O'Connor said the testing regime was set up to safeguard the industry from cowboy operators and to protect New Zealand 's trade reputation .
They said MPI had recently filed charges against a company and two people alleging offences in relations to the adulteration of honey .
`` The definition will help stop that kind of activity , which undermines our reputation across the whole food chain .
Advertisement
`` If we did n't introduce this standard , then other countries may have forced one on us . ''
If it passes the definition of Manuka honey , it will be certified by MPI and will be able to be exported .
Testing will be paid for by the producers at a rate of about $ 150 to $ 160 per 200 litre drums of honey .
`` Our trade partners and consumers in many countries want to know they are getting the real deal and this definition will provide them that assurance . ''
There is no definition for the domestic market . Any such definition would be developed in conjunction with the industry .
The scientific definition for mānuka honey will be tested against a combination of four chemical markers derived from nectar and one DNA marker from mānuka pollen .
The combination of markers will allow industry to separate mānuka honey from other types of honey and identify honey as either monofloral or multifloral mānuka honey .
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AstraZeneca Plc , Eli Lilly and Company , Johnson & Johnson , Novartis AG , Panacea Biotec Ltd , Sandoz International GmbH , Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd , UCB SA .
The report begins with introducing the global Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-axial-spondyloarthritis-drugs-market/5900/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Certolizumab Pegol , Etanercept Biosimilar , Ixekizumab , Secukinumab , Others .
Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Clinic , Hospital , Home Care .
Key points in the Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-axial-spondyloarthritis-drugs-market/5900/ # inquiry
From all of this Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
As seen in the videos below , the set is about complete for this Friday 's Greatest Royal Rumble event . The stage gives off a WrestleMania-like vibe , as no other WWE event has had such a grand set in recent memory .
Just a reminder that we will have live coverage of the event this Friday . New subscribers can sign up for the WWE Network today by clicking here and get their first month for free , which includes The Greatest Royal Rumble this Friday and WWE Backlash on May 6th .
WWE have pretty much got the stage set for their Greatest Royal Rumble show on Friday in Saudi Arabia ! They 're making the place look like a WrestleMania ! Also notice the Steel Cage too ! Ca n't lie i am excited ! # WWEGreatestRoyalRumble # WWE # GreatestRoyalRumble # Jeddah # SaudiArabia pic.twitter.com/z5ytEmEys1 — # KickOutAtOne ( @ WWENJF ) April 24 , 2018
We write the truth , without fear or favor , to bring you the news and images from Southern Philippines | Tuesday , April 18 , 2017
Del Rio still steamed after Raiders fall flat in loss at KC
hello
Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr ( 4 ) is pursued by Kansas City Chiefs defensive lineman Chris Jones ( 95 ) during the second half of an NFL football game in Kansas City , Mo. , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . Associated Press
Oakland Raiders wide receiver Michael Crabtree ( 15 ) attempts to catch the ball after it deflected off the arm of Kansas City Chiefs defensive back Steven Terrell ( 30 ) during the second half of an NFL football game in Kansas City , Mo. , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . Crabtree did not catch the ball . Associated Press
ALAMEDA , Calif. -- Coach Jack Del Rio was still steamed a day after the Oakland Raiders fell flat in a division showdown at Kansas City that left their dwindling playoff hopes on life support .
They had good reason .
With first-place in the AFC West on the line , the Raiders took more than 51 minutes to score , did n't force a punt or turnover until midway through the third quarter and were completely outclassed in a 26-15 loss to the Chiefs on Sunday .
`` As players and coaches , we are as frustrated and ( angry ) about what occurred yesterday as you can be , as anybody out there is , '' Del Rio said Monday . `` Losing a game like that hurts . There are no words that I can say here today that are going to take away that pain or make those that care about the Raiders feel better . I 'm really not going to try . We have to coach it better . We have to execute it better . We 're tied together , players and coaches . ''
Now instead of being in control of the division , the Raiders ( 6-7 ) will likely need to win their final three games and get some help if they want to make it back to the playoffs for a second straight season . Oakland hosts Dallas on Sunday night before finishing the season with road games at Philadelphia and at the first-place Chargers .
Despite coming into the season as a contender to win the AFC , the Raiders have given little indication this season of being able to put it together for three straight strong performances down the stretch .
Since opening the year with wins over Tennessee and the New York Jets , Oakland has lost seven of 11 games and only posted back-to-back wins when the Raiders beat backup quarterbacks Paxton Lynch of Denver and Geno Smith of the Giants leading to a move into a tie for first place heading into the Chiefs game .
But with so much on the line , they showed little urgency on either side of the ball and fell behind 26-0 before a fruitless late rally made the final score a bit more respectable .
Former Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon , who called the game on CBS , called the performance `` embarrassing '' on the `` NFL Monday QB '' show on CBS Sports Network .
`` I mean they did n't even get off of the bus , '' Gannon said . `` That game was over at the half . It 's beyond me how you could be unprepared for essentially what was a playoff game . They had the chance to be at the top of the division . They laid a big goose egg . Derek Carr was terrible . They did n't run the football . They were n't good on defense . The coaching was bad . It 's inexcusable to me . ''
With receiver Amari Cooper slowed early by a sprained left ankle that they re-injured in the second quarter to knock them out of the game and the Chiefs focusing their defense on Michael Crabtree , Carr took few deep shots early against a secondary that has struggled of late and was missing top cornerback Marcus Peters .
Carr threw for just 69 yards the first three quarters before padding their stats late with two TD drives .
`` There have been many examples throughout this season where we have not played boldly to go make the plays , '' Del Rio said . `` I would really like to see that . Because at the end of the day , if you kind of go halfway , it 's not good enough anyway . So , I 'd love to see us just let it rip , OK ? And go play . Talked about hair on fire , talked about that kind of effort and energy , playing fast , that 's what I believe in , and I 'd love to see it more often . ''
___
More AP NFL : www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Now listen up , Trump-haters .
Do n't get too excited by all the talk coming out of Washington that the 45th president of the United States is almost guaranteed to end up facing impeachment proceedings of some sort and at some point .
And , moreover , a point that might be reached sooner than you can say Monica Lewinsky or Watergate Hotel .
Such predictions are currently all the rage in America 's capital . That is not surprising .
Trump 's White House appears to be hell-bent on giving a whole new meaning to the word `` chaos '' . No-one knows from one minute to the next what is happening .
So undue credence is being offered to anyone possessing even the slightest attribute which might qualify them to take a stab at what lies in the future even though they do n't have the faintest idea either .
The predictions are nothing more than guesses based on things that others have long suggested might happen , such as Trump personally benefitting in financial terms from holding high public office .
In a climate in which nothing is no longer certain , the predictions offer something upon which to cling .
Source : 1 NEWS
There is one safe bet , however . Trump 's belief that they are Mr Invincible will make them prone to covering up blunders and errors of judgement .
They are on record as boasting that they are always right . Always . That allows no room for them to admit a mistake .
They will find they were absolutely correct about one thing . The mainstream news media will willingly serve as their unofficial opposition .
Just witness the questions already being asked about what they knew about phonecalls between their now former National Security Adviser , Michael Flynn , and Russia 's ambassador to Washington and , just as importantly , when they knew it .
Not since Attila the Hun gatecrashed the civilised society which was the Roman Empire has the political status quo of a nation state been so traumatised by invasion by such a rank outsider -with the emphasis firmly on the word `` rank '' .
Such imposters usually end up conforming or adapting to the existing rules and norms which govern the way a political system functions . Otherwise they achieve little in concrete terms .
Trump is a very different proposition .
They made promises on the presidential campaign trail which seemed to be so outrageous and outlandish that their opponents believed voters would view them as impossible to implement and that they thus amounted to nothing more than a bad joke .
Trump understood , however , that there was no longer a market for half-hearted promises that did not go even halfway towards tackling the problems and concerns of ordinary Americans .
For Trump , it was either promise big and deliver big or promise nothing at all .
It quickly became apparent after the election that they did not give a fig when it came to one of the things which has always been viewed as an essential component in the make-up of any successful politician - consistency .
That is apart from one thing , however .
Trump has been unwaveringly consistent in ensuring they keep faith with those who put them in the White House .
Their shock-and-awe presidential style - be it in the highly controversial appointments to their Cabinet or their signing of equally audacious and contentious executive orders with far reaching consequences - have rocked the Washington establishment to its core .
Trump realised , however , that without mounting such a blitzkrieg , their campaign promises would wither on the vine of bureaucratic inertia and judicial obstacle .
The court action which has put their Muslim travel ban into abeyance , if only temporarily , is testimony to the difficulty of getting things to change in America even when you are the President .
They have not been helped by their preference for playing the man , not the ball .
Their personalised attacks on the judges who have frustrated the travel ban provided their critics with the opportunity to accuse them of undermining the American constitution - a charge which some self-proclaimed , self-promoting , so-called experts decreed was sufficient on its own to warrant impeachment .
In going down that line , Trump 's opponents are guilty of the very sort of undemocratic behaviour which they are accusing Trump of partaking in .
Impeachment is not something which should be used as a political weapon to waive willy-nilly in front of someone because you do n't agree with them or them
It is an instrument of the American Constitution ; a mechanism of last resort should the president go ga-ga , join the Mafia or do something which is equally repellant .
Predicting Trump 's demise has become a cottage industry . It offers those they have wounded hope of a return to the pre-Trump status quo .
In terms of honesty , however , it is also akin to the selling of fake health elixirs off the back of a wagon in the old Wild West .
Given the Republican Party 's control of Congress , the Democrats ' chances of securing a majority on a motion instituting impeachment proceedings are virtually nil .
Even putting forward such a motion requires huge quantities of political will . But to what end ?
Trump may be causing torment and turmoil in Washington .
On February 12 , from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm , Tabor Academy will host the second annual Basketball Tournament on behalf of Special Olympics MA .
The tournament will welcome athletes from across the state and will represent multiple age groups as well as unified and traditional teams ( unified teams include intellectually-impaired athletes with those without intellectual impairments . ) These types of tournaments are called Community Games . They provide local recreational competition opportunities for teams , and a great opportunity for Special Olympics to partner with youth groups and schools , such as Tabor , to help empower the athletes and raise awareness for their organization .
The student volunteers at Tabor are part of the Special Olympics Club . They organize and staff a weekly skills development session for young athletes each Sunday and recently held a community-wide fundraiser , a Special Olympics Polar Plunge , which raised over $ 12,000 for the organization . The student volunteers are proud to support the athletes and are eager to engage in the tournament as players , referees , or just facilitators of a great day of sports .
In conjunction with the basketball tournament , Tabor Academy students will kick off their R-word campaign for the year . The campaign is an attempt to eliminate the word “ retard ( ed ) ” from our vernacular . Ceasing to use the word is a starting place towards creating greater acceptance . The basketball tournament paired with this movement is a great way to affect attitudes and actions .
The tournament will be held at Tabor Academy in the Fish Center for Health and Athletics at 256 Front Street , Marion , on February 12 from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm . The public is welcome to come and cheer on the teams and participate in the fun .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man banned from owing a gun has been jailed for seven years after police raided their flat and seized a homemade weapon .
Mark Bannister , aged 42 , of Ebenezer Street , Hednesford , near Cannock , was convicted of possessing a firearm when prohibited for life .
They were handed the sentence at Stafford Crown Court on Friday after being found guilty at an earlier hearing .
Acting on a tip-off , police searched the flat in Ebenezer Street on 15 September last year .
The gun , a homemade pistol-shaped firearm with a live 410 cartridges , was found hidden in a black bag behind pipes a sink .
Bannister was arrested at the scene .
Chief Insp Sarah Wainwright , of Cannock Chase Local Policing Team , welcomed the sentence .
They said : “ This was potentially a very dangerous weapon . We 're glad that Bannister is now behind bars and this weapon will now be destroyed . We take the safety of our communities very seriously and will not tolerate this behaviour . ”
Bannister was sentenced on March 16 .
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered .
MONTEVIDEO : Lionel Messi and Argentina 's hopes of reaching the 2018 World Cup were left hanging in the balance on Thursday ( Friday in Manila ) after another stalemate on a nail-biting day of South American qualifying action .
Advertisements
Argentina were held to a 0-0 draw in Buenos Aires by Peru , leaving the two-time world champions outside the automatic qualification places as they head into the final round of fixtures next Tuesday .
It was another desperately disappointing display by Argentina , who once again struggled to turn a wealth of possession into goals .
Barcelona star Messi hit the post in the second half but could only watch in frustration after serving up a stream of chances for teammates who failed to convert .
The result left Argentina in sixth place in the standings . The first four teams qualify automatically , with the fifth-placed team advancing to a playoff against New Zealand in November .
But with only two points separating third-placed Chile and seventh-placed Paraguay , the final standings could change dramatically depending on results on Tuesday .
The margin for error for Argentina , however , has narrowed after their latest setback , their third consecutive draw of a faltering qualification campaign .
Argentina 's final qualifier is a challenging away trip to Ecuador in the thin air of Quito . Argentina has a poor record in the Ecuadoran capital , losing two out of three of their last World Cup qualifiers there and drawing the other . The Argentines ' last World Cup qualifying win in Quito came in 2001 .
However a victory on Tuesday would guarantee Argentina at least fifth place in the standings , with Peru and Colombia guaranteed to drop points against each other in their final game .
Uruguay on brink , Colombia crash
Brazil , who have already qualified in first place , were held to a 0-0 draw by eliminated Bolivia in La Paz earlier Thursday .
That left the focus on the teams jostling behind the five time champions for the three remaining automatic spots .
Uruguay , who are second with 28 points from 17 games , missed the chance to book their place in Russia after being frustrated 0-0 away at Venezuela .
Uruguay 's Paris Saint-Germain striker Edinson Cavani squandered a golden chance to win the game but shot wide in the 83rd minute .
The Uruguayans are all but assured of qualification however , needing only a draw or a win against lowly Bolivia in Montevideo next week to book their place .
South American champions Chile , meanwhile , resurrected their qualification hopes with a thrilling 2-1 win over Ecuador in Santiago .
Striker Eduardo Vargas drilled in a low shot on 22 minutes to put the 2015 & 2016 Copa America champions 1-0 up .
But Alex Ibarra equalized in the 82nd minute for Ecuador to silence the home crowd .
But with Chile 's fans still struggling to digest Ibarra 's strike , the hosts went back up the other end and Arsenal star rammed home a close-range finish after Arturo Vidal 's shot was only partially saved .
The win saw Chile climb from sixth to third in the standings . Chile will qualify automatically if they are able to beat Brazil in their final game next week .
In Barranquilla , Colombia threw away what looked to be a certain victory that would have put them within touching distance of qualification as they crashed to a 2-1 defeat to Paraguay .
Radamel Falcao scored with a deft lob to put Colombia 1-0 ahead in the 79th minute .
But the Colombians inexplicably continued to press forward and were twice caught on the break by Paraguay .
Oscar Cardozo bundled in the equaliser for Paraguay in the 89th minute and then Tony Sanabria punished poor goalkeeping by David Ospina to poke in a second in injury time to clinch the win .
AFP
Santa Barbara County Supervisor Salud Carbajal is seeking community members who live in the First District and are interested in serving on the following boards and commissions : the County Human Services Commission and the Advisory Board on Alcohol and Drug Problems ( ADP ) .
There is one opening on the Human Services Commission and two on the ADP Board .
“ Serving on a county board or commission is an opportunity for members of the community to become actively engaged with local government by offering their insight and knowledge on important issues , ” Carbajal said . “ I encourage those with an interest in serving on one of these commissions to consider applying for one of these openings . ”
The following is a brief description of the subject commissions :
» Human Services Commission : The Human Services Commission of Santa Barbara County was established by the Board of Supervisors in 1977 to advise the board concerning the development and implementation of effective human service policies . The commission is responsible for making recommendations to the board for specified county general funds and HUD-funded grants to nonprofit agencies . In addition , and in cooperation with the Department of Social Services , the commission makes recommendations for the awarding of grants to nonprofit agencies of specified state , federal and local child abuse prevention funds .
» Advisory Board on Alcohol and Drug Problems : The Alcohol & Drug Advisory Board is comprised of 20 community members , appointed by the Board of Supervisors , with representation from law enforcement , individuals in recovery , family members of people in recovery , professionals and educators . The purpose of the Advisory Board is to provide a forum to obtain comprehensive , broad-based input from the community and other sources that can be utilized to advise the Santa Barbara County Alcohol , Drug & Mental Health Services Department .
For an application form , visit the county website by clicking here or call Carbajal 's office at 805.568.2186 .
In order to be considered , applications need to be returned to Carbajal 's office or the Clerk of the Board by Friday , June 28 .
— Eric Friedman represents the office of Santa Barbara County Supervisor Salud Carbajal .
The US government was rocked in 2013 by a series of stories detailing the extent of the surveillance state . Edward Snowden , an NSA contractor who was the source behind those stories , has become famous for their role in leaking information that would eventually be published in The Guardian , The Washington Post , Der Spiegel , and The New York Times . Snowden 's collaboration with filmmaker Laura Poitras and journalist Glenn Greenwald has been well-documented .
But last week saw the revelation of a new , as-yet untold chapter in the saga : Writing in Harper 's , journalists Dale Maharidge and Jessica Bruder describe their role in the leaks . It 's a gripping story , involving cell phones stashed in refrigerators , a box of sensitive material buried under an outhouse and then perched in a tree , and a tribute to the analog beauty of the US Postal Service .
Maharidge and Bruder recently spoke with CJR about their secret role in the Snowden leak , the value of security , and their goals in publishing the piece . The following conversation has been edited for length and clarity .
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Part of what makes this story so gripping is the seemingly amateur nature of your counter-surveillance tactics . You make up code names for everything and , at one point , bury the Snowden material in “ a fifty-five-gallon barrel of old shit. ” What were you thinking during the process ?
Maharidge : During the process it was le Carré meets The Three Stooges . It was very analog because I was n't doing anything encrypted . I was very foolish at that point in my career , so Laura and I came up with all of this code language to use on the phone . Jess became the “ first sink. ” The NSA was the “ co-op board. ” Anybody who 's lived in New York City knows co-op boards are notoriously crazy to deal with . If either of us wrote “ the co-op board is angry ” it meant bad shit . It meant the NSA or CIA is on to us and Holy shit . We better deal . We never had to use that code , thank goodness .
How have you changed your security practices as a result of this experience ?
Bruder : I use Signal , even for communications that do n't need to be secure . I have the camera on my laptop covered up with a bit of gaffers tape . We showed the folks at Harper 's ProtonMail and actually got them to transmit drafts of the story back and forth via PGP . A lot of these technologies have become more integrated in my ordinary life . Part of that is because I needed security in this particular situation . Also , the more I 've learned about the issue , the more I 've wanted to become part of the community around security because the more people who do this sort of thing , the more we normalize it , the harder it is for us all to be spied on .
If a police department or the NSA wanted to surreptitiously watch people via laptop cameras and it was normalized for people to cover their cameras , that tool would not be in their arsenal anymore . I do n't think somebody 's watching me through my laptop , but I want to be part of the community of people covering their laptop cameras , if that makes any sense .
One of the themes throughout the story is the paranoia you felt not knowing whether the government was on to you . Jess , you went so far as to cover a picnic table on the roof of your building because it was made out of NYPD sawhorses . How else did that paranoia manifest ?
Maharidge : Laura [ Poitras ] , in their diary , had a passage from George Orwell about how [ paranoia ] affects your health and your nervous system . It manifests itself in very funny ways , so there 's a physical reaction . It was this timeless period of incredible stress .
I liken it to when my mother was dying , the last weeks , where time did n't exist . It was a single unit , and everything was kind of foggy . Anybody who has lost a loved one can appreciate that . But take that feeling and insert paranoia . When I got home there was a murderer on the loose , and there were 200 police officers roaming the woods where I live on the California coast . There was a helicopter overhead one day—were they looking for the murderer or watching me ?
May 2013 was very intense . I condensed that in the story , but like most life , when we write a story we encapsulate something in a few paragraphs . You ca n't keep writing about it , but I ca n't overstate living through it , the PTSD that I had from it . There were several moments doing the story where Jess and I had some heart-to-heart discussions about how it was affecting us , and the paranoia came back . I do n't know what Jeff Sessions or Trump are going to do with this knowledge . Two lawyers have told us that the odds are slim , but they 're vindictive people .
Bruder : The phrase “ the narcissism of paranoia ” was something I was joking with Dale about because I basically told him , when this story comes out , if nothing happens I 'll write an essay called The Narcissism of Paranoia . One of the creepy things about that is that there are so many people I know who are n't engaged with privacy and anti-surveillance measures because the attitude is This is n't relevant to me . Nobody 's watching me . In my mind , the narcissism of paranoia can be a destructive force in that way because it kind of pushes back against the idea that we 're a community here . That 's become something of a touchstone for us as we do what we can to be sane and secure but also go on to live our lives . But yeah , I did cover the picnic table again .
In the story , one of the moments that stands out is when the realization hits that Snowden , Poitras , and Greenwald have all left the country , and you 're the only ones left .
Bruder : It was very weird and very isolating . You have to go on and keep living your life , but by the same token you 're worried about all the things you 're not doing . I think my biggest anxiety at the time was Am I anxious enough ? You do n't know how deep the rabbit hole goes ; you just know that you 're in it . What 's sane , what 's paranoid—only history bears that out . Things that looked paranoid might have been sane if things had worked out in different ways . The knowing , in the moment , that you do n't know the full picture and what 's going to happen—that lack of control is what 's scary . It 's why we do small things we can control to make ourselves feel better , realizing that most things are not within our scope .
What 's sane , what 's paranoid—only history bears that out . ”
Neither of you hesitated when you were asked to get involved in this work . In the piece , Dale , you write that you told Laura , “ This is what we do . It 's why we 're journalists. ” What did you mean by that ?
Bruder : The only thing Dale told me was that it was for the cause of investigative journalism . For me , that was enough . Even though the media is really fragmented these days , and there is fierce competition between news outlets , I do think that on a deeper level there is a sense of solidarity , and it 's important to maintain it . If I needed something sent to somebody , I 'm sure I could find people to help me , too . It 's important that we 're part of a community and that we keep that going .
Maharidge : Journalism is not something that I do ; it 's something that I am . It 's part of me ; it 's not a job .
Bruder : It 's an approach to the world . It 's not just a profession .
Maharidge : It 's a mindset . So , from the get-go , when Laura said there 's a person that wants to send something , I went into secure mode . It was interesting how much I did right without knowing it . They made me “ paranoid ” by making me put my phone in the fridge every time I went to their place . I never did that before . So when things got hotter , Jess and I were putting our phones in the fridge . Even before that , when this mysterious person wanted to send us something , I went to Jess and said “ Do n't talk about it on the phone . Call it elk antlers. ” ( A favorite toy of Jess 's dog , Max ) . I had the presence of mind to go into the proper journalism mode . It was part of my life ; it was n't something I had to think about .
Bruder : And even though Dale sounded crazy to me , out of respect for the great world of stuff I did not know , you put your phone in the fridge . It sounded crazy , but what do I know ?
Part of telling your role in this tale is to humanize a major international surveillance story . Why did you feel it needed that human touch ?
Bruder : So many people think of surveillance and the state and cryptography , and they see these giant unknowable octopi and things that are just not relevant to them in their ordinary lives . I 'm hoping that by humanizing the backstory here , we can show people that it is relevant and it 's something we can all play a part in . You do n't need to be some super-sophisticated hacker to care and to make a difference .
You do n't need to be some super-sophisticated hacker to care and to make a difference . ”
Maharidge : As Jess wrote , it 's not the realm of cyber ninjas . With video , everyone 's a journalist now . Anybody with an iPhone that 's near police arresting someone instantly becomes a journalist as soon as they pull out their phone . I just saw another video of police kicking a guy on the ground . It was terrible . But if the police had seen the person recording , they may have gone over and taken the phone . They do n't have a right to , but if they did , suddenly that evidence is gone .
You write in the piece that , “ These are critical issues , relevant to everyone. ” Was part of your goal to evangelize for better security practices ?
Bruder : Yeah , the more people who understand and integrate these tools into their ordinary life and how they communicate , the better it is for the entire community . It 's something I 've been encouraging a lot of people who would otherwise think it was narcissistic or weird to do , just to be a part of creating a bigger haystack for the needles . [ These practices are ] a given to me now , and [ they 're ] something I learned and thought about a lot throughout this whole process .
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
Pete Vernon is a CJR Delacorte Fellow . Follow them on Twitter @ ByPeteVernon .
JEDDAH : The Labor and Social Development Ministry is considering establishing departments for voluntary work in 200 civil organizations in the Kingdom and increasing the number of volunteers from 24,500 to 300,000 by 2020 .
The ministry said it is seeking to identify the voluntary needs of each organization to provide volunteers according to the needs of the organization .
The ministry is targeting non-profit organizations including the civil organizations and foundations , neighborhood centers and cooperative organizations .
The ministry stressed that it will deal with rehabilitating and training volunteers , following up on their performance , publishing their achievements and the social and economic influence they have contributed with after their voluntary work .
The initiative aims to find a unified methodology that controls the agreement between the organization and volunteers and enhances the recruitment of volunteers , developing their skills , decreases the HR costs and covering the non-profit sectors needs throughout the concept of voluntarism .
The ministry seeks to enhance the partnership between the non-profit sector and the private sector and enhance the sustainability of company 's voluntary work in the non-profit sector to participate in building the capacity of civil and social organizations .
The ministry also aims to design a batch of catalysts for volunteer and building national volunteer platform to showcase the volunteers opportunities and establishing a national record for documentation as well as spreading the awareness in the society with the concept and benefits of volunteer work and its social and economic impact .
A research study titled , “ Automotive Sensors Market trends , share , size , top vendor profile , market outlook , overview , industry research and forecast to 2023 ” , published by crystal market research .
Market Highlights :
The Automotive Sensors Market was worth USD 19.84 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 35.40 billion by 2023 , while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 6.64 % during the forecast period . Sensors have a far reaching use in all sort of cars appropriates from bikes to heavy-duty lorries . Probably the most widely recognized car use of sensors is found in wipers , lighting , dashboard , rain sensors , sunroof , stopping , situate , atmosphere , tilt alert , back end discharge , back end close , trailer administration , raise entryway , against robbery caution , immobilizer and radio . With expanding popularities of vehicle computerization and request of idea autos around the world , the greater part of the innovative work ( Research and development ) consideration of car enterprises is towards improvement of cutting edge car sensors , for example , MEMS ( Miniaturized scale Electro-Mechanical Frameworks ) sensors , remote sensors and radar sensors . As indicated by BMW ( Germany based vehicle organization ) , 90 % without bounds auto advancement will be centered on the progressed and effective utilization of hardware in car .
Market Segmentation :
On the basis of sensor type , the automotive sensors market is segmented into temperature sensor , pressure sensors , position sensors , oxygen sensors , speed sensors , and other sensors .
On the basis of vehicle type , the automotive sensors market is segmented into passenger car , LCV , HCV .
On the basis of application , the automotive sensors market is segmented into powertrain , chassis , exhaust , safety and control , body electronics , telematics , and others .
On the basis of geography , automotive sensors market report covers data points for 28 countries across multiple geographies such as
North America & South America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
Middle East & Africa .
Some of the major countries covered in this report are U.S. , Canada , Germany , France , U.K. , Netherlands , Switzerland , Turkey , Russia , China , India , South Korea , Japan , Australia , Singapore , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , and Brazil among others . In 2017 , North America is expected to dominate the market .
Click To Request a Sample :
https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/AT06884
Competitive Insights :
The leading players in the market are Avago Technologies , Bourns , CTS , Faurecia , GE Measurement & Control Solutions , Gill Sensors & Controls , Hamamatsu , Hitachi Automotive Systems Americas , Hyundai KEFICO and Infineon Technologies among others . The leading players in the market are incorporated all through the esteem chain . These organizations have a technological advantage over others as raw material and production technology selected for producing these ceramics incredibly impact the cost of the general product and its properties .
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/AT06884
About Crystal Market Research :
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research , business intelligence , and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions . It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe . The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare , chemicals & materials , technology , automotive , and energy .
Contact Us :
Judy S ,
304 South Jones Blvd , Suite 1896 ,
Las Vegas NV 89107 ,
United States
Toll Free : +1-888-213-4282
Email : sales @ crystalmarketresearch.com
Photo of the day
Mar 9 : BTS x Puma
There 's no stopping BTS . The K-pop boy band that continues to steal our hearts is now starring in their own PUMA campaign . Shared on Instagram , the athletic apparel brand revealed that a # PUMAxBTS collection is in the works and will be globally available this summer .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Juventus have emerged as shock contenders to sign Jack Wilshere this summer , report The Sun .
Wolves want the Arsenal midfielder after winning promotion to the Premier League and are said to be leading the chase .
But West Ham and Crystal Palace are also interested and now so are Juventus , according to reports .
This is what they said about their future last week :
“ A big few weeks in my life coming up . We will make the right decision for me and football , but with good people around me . ”
poll loading Do you want Jack Wilshere at Molineux next season ? 3000+ VOTES SO FAR Yes - imagine them and Ruben Neves in the same midfield No - their fitness record is n't good enough
More to come ?
Rui Patricio is the latest Portuguese star to sign for Wolverhampton Wanderers .
They also have Roderick Miranda , Ruben Vinagre , Ruben Neves , Helder Costa , Ivan Cavaleiro and Diogo Jota in their ranks .
Here 's 10 stars Wolves could look at to further their Portuguese contingent :
Joao Mario
Joao Mario , 25 , is an attacking midfielder who plays for Inter Milan but spent the second half of last season at West Ham .
They have made 38 appearances for their country and last season made 14 Serie A appearances prior to their move and 13 Premier League appearances following it .
Andre Gomes
24-year-old midfielder Andre Gomes switched Valencia for Barcelona in 2016 for £33 million .
They now find themselves linked with a move away though after only making 16 league appearances last season .
They have 29 senior caps for their country .
Cedric Soares
Cedric Soares , 26 , is a right-back who plays their club football for Southampton . They made 32 Premier League appearances for the Saints last season , generating 3 assists .
William Carvalho
William Carvalho is a 26-year-old defensive midfielder who plays for Sporting Lisbon . They have 45 caps for the national team and made 24 league appearances last season .
Pele
Having been born in Portugal 26-year-old midfielder , Pele , progressed through the Portuguese youth ranks before making one senior appearance for Guinea-Bissau .
They play their club football for Rio Ave FC after making the switch from Benfica in 2017 . They made 31 appearances in the Portuguese first tier last season , scoring 7 goals .
Mario Rui
Mario Rui is a 27-year-old left back who plays for Napoli . They have also had spells at Roma and Parma in the past but could consider a move away from Italy to gain more first team football . They made 25 appearances in Serie A last season .
Bruno Fernandes
( Image : Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno/Getty Image )
23-year-old Bruno Fernandes is an attacking midfielder who plays for Sporting Lisbon . They can also be deployed in central midfield or as a second striker .
They have made 33 league appearances this season , scoring 11 goals and generating 10 assists .
This signing would be high profile for Wolves and could demand a big transfer fee , however with their links seeming strong with Portuguese clubs there could be a way through .
Joai Cancelo
24-year-old right-back Joai Cancelo plays their club football for Valencia but spent last season on loan at Inter Milan . They made 26 appearances in Serie A last season and has 6 senior caps for Portugal .
Jose Fonte
Jose Fonte is a centre-back who plays their club football for Dalian Yifang of the Chinese Super League after leaving West Ham in February .
The 34-year-old has made 33 appearances for the Portuguese national team and may want to return to the Premier League to keep them in their starting 11 .
Pizzi
Pizzi is a 28-year-old central midfielder who can also play on the wing or as a number 10 . They made 33 league appearances for Benfica last season , scoring 6 goals and generating 7 assists .
Ahead of Leeds for duo
Wolves are taking a closer look at two Singapore internationals after jumping ahead of Leeds United in the pursuit for fresh talent .
Brothers Irfan and Ikhsan Fandi are set for a trial in the Midlands and have already spoken to boss Nuno Espirito Santo .
Irfan , 20 , is a centre-half and Ikhsan , 19 , an attacking midfielder . Both have full international caps .
They were linked with a move to Leeds United earlier this summer and both had a trial at Dutch club Groningen in March .
Reports in Singapore revealed the news and explained how the pair had met with Wolves representatives .
It appears that Leeds are no longer in the running .
Wolves jump ahead of Leeds United in pursuit of young duo
Brahimi linked again
Yacine Brahimi , the winger linked with Wolves this summer , has already moved to clarify their future at Porto this summer .
But Wolves have been linked again today in the Portugal media with the £26m-rated Algerian international who played 40 times for the Primeira Liga champions last season and scored ten times .
He 's been at the Estadio do Dragao since 2014 , when they signed from Spanish outfit Granada , and they have scored 40 goals in more than 150 appearances .
Brahimi , formerly of Rennes , is heading into the final year of their contract with Porto and is understood to have a release clause in their current deal , enabling them to a move .
Nuno Espritio Santo is said to be considering a raid on their former club for Brahimi , while it has also been reported that Wolves ' Premier League rivals Everton and Newcastle United are also keen , as are Serie A outfit and Champions League semi-finalists Roma .
But the player has poured cold water on a summer transfer , pointing to the fact that they remain under contract at Porto .
Speaking to Mais Futebol , Brahimi said : “ I am part of the club , I have a contract , and I believe that for FC Porto it is of great happiness that Conceicao ( Porto 's Head Coach ) has renewed their contract . ”
“ As I said , I have another year of contract , '' they said when pushed about a potential move this summer .
State Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson , D-Santa Barbara , released the following statement Friday on the passage of the state budget :
“ After a long time and a lot of hard work , California is back . This budget we have passed meets several key benchmarks : It is on-time , balanced , responsible and visionary .
“ It is both a cautious and an ambitious budget . While still living within our means , and sticking to the Governor 's more conservative revenue estimates , we have committed to making educating our young people our top priority . The real winners in today 's budget are our students , our schools and our future .
“ This budget gets us back on track , while putting in place some dramatic and visionary changes in how we fund our schools by establishing a Local Control Funding Formula . This compromise proposal means more funding for everyone , lifting the boats of all students , something that has been a priority for me . It also guarantees that students who need more additional resources — English language learners , low-income students , students in foster care — are going to get the additional assistance they need to succeed .
“ While this budget is a vital step forward , it 's only the beginning of many years of work we still have ahead of us to repair the damage done to our economy and infrastructure caused by the world-wide recession and the irresponsible behavior of Wall Street .
“ Our ultimate goal should n't be simply restoring California to its pre-recession condition , but renewing it , so that we continue to be the state that aims higher , dreams bigger and achieves more than any other . ”
Jackson represents the 19th Senate District , which includes all of Santa Barbara County and western Ventura County .
— Lisa Gardiner is the communications director for state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson .
A man in their 70s has died in a single vehicle crash in Co. Monaghan .
It is believed their car left the road and struck a wall .
Gardaí and the emergency services were called to the scene at Lakeview , Castleblayney , at about 1.45pm .
The driver and sole occupant of the car was pronounced dead at the scene a short time later .
Their body was taken to Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital in Drogheda where a post-mortem will be carried out .
A forensic examination of the crash site is taking place and diversions are in place .
Gardaí are appealing for witnesses to the crash to come forward .
– Digital Desk
Share it :
Do n't Miss
Alberto El Patron says it was their suggestion for Global Force Wrestling to strip them of their Unified World Heavyweight Championship .
The former GFW World Heavyweight Champion issued a statement Monday evening on their Instagram , writing that they wanted to show that Impact `` does n't have favorites and everyone gets treated the same . '' Their statement is available in its entirety below :
My company Impact and I have come to an agreement that it 's best for both parties if I be stripped from the championships . I came up with the suggestion just to show that Impact does n't have favorites and everyone gets treated the same . Apologies to fans and my brothers and sisters in the company , even though I came out all clear and there was no wrong doing , it was still a scandal . So thanks for your support and let 's move forward more positively . One day I hope to be your champ again ! # SiSiSi
This is a positive guy I promise . Please treat it like such ! God bless everyone and I hope you all have a great day ! ? ? ? ? A post shared by Alberto El Patron ( @ prideofmexico ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 3:58pm PDT
As reported earlier here at WrestlingINC.com , GFW announced Monday morning they were `` disappointed with the manner '' in which El Patron dealt with the incident involving Paige at the Orlando International Airport last month and thus communicated to them their decision to strip them of the title . They also wrote no decision has been decided upon as to the date they will be reinstated to the roster .
See Also GFW Main Event Plans Likely To Be Changed Leading Up To Bound For Glory
If Alberto El Patron is unavailable for this week 's GFW Impact tapings , the main event plans leading up to the company 's Bound for Glory pay-per-view will have to be changed .
Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged , allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers .
LINGAYEN , Pangasinan : Gov . Amado Espino 3rd on Monday ordered the provincial legal office to investigate the provincial jail warden and four jail guards over the escape of two inmates facing drug cases .
Espino issued the order after inmates Dennis de Villa-Buen , 27 , and Gender Viray-Arzadon 22 , both of Barangay Mabini in Binmaley town escaped on Saturday after disposing garbage from the detention cell to the garbage truck stationed outside the jail facility .
Provincial legal officer Geraldine Baniqued issued a subpoena to jail guards Pablo Escano , Marcelo Lopez , Randy Cruz and Edgar Aquino , and ordered the provincial jail warden Ferdinand Natividad to explain in writing why no criminally and administrative charges will be filed against them for the inmates ' escape .
On Saturday , Buen and Arzadon reportedly went up the garbage truck to dispose the garbage from their fellow prisoners . They the jumped from truck and fled when the jail guards were not looking .
Shortly after the escape , Buen was captured while waiting for a ride home to Lingayen , while Arzadon was surrendered by their relatives on Sunday .
Meanwhile , provincial director , Senior Supt . Ronald Oliver-Lee , recommended dismissal of jail guards for not doing their duty and ordered the provincial police investigation and detection management office to conduct its own investigation .
“ It is a very clear under the law that inmates are not allowed to go outside the jail unless there is an order coming from the court for the jail guards to bring them outside ” Lee told The Manila Times .
A generic drug is a duplicate copy of original branded drug , which has same dosage form , active pharma ingredients ( API ) , strength , route of administration , and also same intended use as the branded one . Regulatory authorities and governments have mandated that an authorized generic drug has to medicinally correspond to the branded drug and sanctioned as an Abbreviated New Drug Application ( ANDA ) by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) . An authorized generic is the branded company 's individual product , but repackaged and marketed as generic drug either via subsidiary or third party . These are already approved as a New Drug Application by the FDA , only they are promoted via private label . The authorized generics market grew rapidly in the past few years as these provide consumers with branded quality drugs at generic prices . Presently , there is a growing trend of original maker giving approvals to a subsidiary or a private label distribution company to sell its brand name drug as a generic drug at a subsequently low price .
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=20609
An example of authorized generic drug is Azithromycin Pak which is sold under by the company name Greenstone . Pfizer 's original branded drug Z-pak was approved by the FDA . Before patent expiry of Z-pak , Pfizer allowed Greenstone to sell Z-pak using authorized generic name Azithromycin Pak . Greenstone is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer .
The global authorized generics market is expected to witness strong growth . Authorized generic drugs are priced at significantly discounted rate i.e . 50 % to 70 % as compared to branded counterparts . Additionally , many of the popular branded drugs of pharma companies are losing patent protection rights , which is also termed as patent cliffs . This would pave the way for entry of new complex generics in the market . These factors are likely to drive the authorized generics market in the near future . Other factors driving the market are health care plans by governments across the world , rapidly increasing cost of branded drugs , and aging populations . On the other hand , possibility of side effects , and lack of regulatory awareness about products and quality management are factors likely to restrain the global authorized generics market .
Request for Discount @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=20609
The global authorized generics market can be classified based on product type , application , end-user , and region .
In terms of product type , the global authorized generics market can be segmented into biosimilars , simple generic , super generic , and others . Based on applications the market can be classified into cardiovascular , anti-infective , anti-arthritis , central nervous system , anti-cancer , respiratory , and others .
Geographically , the global authorized generics market can be divided into North America , Asia Pacific , Europe , Latin America , and Middle East & Africa . North America accounted for the largest share of the market , primarily due to technological advancements , rise in demand for generic drugs , increase in overall cost of branded drugs , and presence of key players . Europe held a significant share of the market attributed to advancements in generic drugs , rise in various types of cancer , and blood related disorders . Asia Pacific , however , has been exhibiting high growth rate on account of growing demand for generic drugs , rise in geriatric population , increase in disposable income , and government initiatives to support generic drugs . Rapidly rising population in the region has increased demand for better health care and induced both private and government players to meet the demand . Developing economies such as India and China have also made a significant contribution to the rise of the global authorized generics market by focusing on establishing a better health care infrastructure .
Request for Report TOC @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=T & rep_id=20609
Key players in the market are Teva Pharmaceuticals , Sandoz , Allergan , Mylan , Sun Pharmaceuticals , and STADA Arzneimittel . Other prominent vendors in the market are Abbott , Amgen , Apotex , Aspen , AstraZeneca , Aurobindo Pharma , Baxter , Berlin-Chemie , Biocon , Biogen , Boehringer Ingelheim , Celltrion , Cipla , Coherus Biosciences , Dr. Reddy 's Laboratories , Daiichi Sankyo , Eli Lilly and Company , Emcure Pharmaceuticals , Eurofarma Laboratories , Gedeon Richter , Gilead Sciences , and GlaxoSmithKline .
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company , providing global business information reports and services . Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . Our experienced team of Analysts , Researchers , and Consultants , use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather , and analyze information .
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts , so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With a broad research and analysis capability , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research ,
90 Sate Street , Suite 700 ,
Albany , NY 12207
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Chukwudi Akasike , Gibson Achonu and Friday Amobi Acting President , Prof. Yemi Osinbajo , has described corruption as one of the reasons Nigerians are facing hardship . Osinbajo said corruption , which had been in the country for many years , contributed a lot to the economic challenges affecting Nigeria . Explaining that the Federal Government was investigating a $ 15bn defence [ … ]
The post Why Nigerians are facing hardship – Osinbajo appeared first on Punch Newspapers .
Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud ( L ) celebrates scoring a goal in hisside 's Sunday match against Crystal Palace team manager Arsene Wenger has called a work of art . GLYN KIRK/AFP
Arsene Wenger hailed Olivier Giroud 's stunning strike against Crystal Palace as a work of art and one of the top five Arsenal goals in their 20-year reign .
Giroud 's midair back-flicked volley gave Arsenal the lead at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday and set it on course for a 2-0 victory , AFP reported .
The France forward 's sumptuous scorpion-kick goal will undoubtedly rate as one of the goals of the season , but Wenger went one step farther by placing it in the most hallowed of company .
When Arsenal fans talk about the best goals to grace their club 's illustrious history , their thoughts turn to some of the highlights of the Wenger era — Dennis Bergkamp 's majestic strikes against Leicester and Newcastle , Nwankwo Kanu 's outstanding effort against Chelsea and numerous gems from Thierry Henry .
Wenger believed Giroud — who has been on the bench at times this season — deserves their place among those greats .
`` He transformed that goal into art . It was art because of the surprise and the beauty of the moment , '' Wenger purred .
`` Every striker is remembered for one or two or three special goals , and that will certainly remain with them forever .
`` He brings the unexpected and we all come to football for the unexpected . People come to see these goals .
`` I 've been spoiled in my career with many great goals and many great strikers .
`` Bergkamp and Henry scored special goals , but this one is certainly in the top five . ''
Giroud admitted their goal carried a large dose of good fortune and Wenger agreed that it was not something that could ever be practiced on the training ground .
`` It was exceptional , '' said Wenger . `` Also because it was at the end of a fantastic collective movement .
`` After that it is just a reflex , but a goalscorer is ready to take a goal with any part of their body , with their toe or any other part . ''
'Must hang on '
Giroud has endured a difficult season for Arsenal at times .
After being left on the bench for much of the first half of the campaign , the 30-year-old has been restored to the starting lineup for Arsenal 's last two matches and has responded with a late winner against West Bromwich Albion and now a goal for the ages .
`` Maybe it is not enough acknowledged that Olivier scores important goals , '' Wenger said .
`` He scored against Man United with an important header , they scored a late winner against West Brom . ''
Giroud 's heroics gave Arsenal a welcome lift at the start of 2017 as it looks to bridge the nine-point gap to Premier League leader Chelsea .
`` We were on a good run and then had two bad results ( before Christmas ) . It looks that we have got that out of our system now , '' Wenger said .
`` Chelsea wins every single game at the moment and we have just to hang on , you have to hope the results turn in our favor . ''
Palace boss Sam Allardyce , without a win in their two matches since replacing Alan Pardew , is upset by a fixture list that gives their players little time to recover before their crucial clash with fellow struggler Swansea today .
`` Swansea played on Saturday so they 've got 24 hours on us . It 's unfair , '' they said .
`` The players have n't got enough time to recover . I do n't know who does the fixtures but they should be sacked . ''
Mushroom materials are produced from agricultural waste and mushroom roots . Mushroom roots contain mycelium , a fungus that converts hydrocarbons into carbohydrate chains . The chains then wrap themselves around anything that gets in the way as tightly as a web . Agricultural waste products such as mixture of rice husks , corn stalks , or any other crop waste are mixed with mycelium in order to provide the fungus a medium of growth .
Get Research Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/mushroom-materials-market.html
Mycelium grows underground in the absence of light , and its growth does not require any external force . Over the space of a few days , the fungus fibers bind the waste together , forming a solid shape , which is then dried to stop it growing any further . Once dried , this mycelium-built material can then be sanded and painted to resemble other building materials . These structures are rigid and are used in the production of electronic components , spare parts , and other accessories or components . These materials can be molded into durable boards needed in the furniture industry . Mushroom materials can withstand extreme temperatures , and when their lifetime of use is over , they can be easily composted .
Mushroom materials do not degrade without exposure to living organisms , such as those found in soil biota , and moisture . Mycelium is used as a bonding agent to hold together wood particles for paneling , as well as for a durable , flame-retardant , and lightweight packaging . Mushroom materials are high performing , cost competitive , volatile organic compounds free , not derived from petroleum or food , naturally fire resistant , rapidly renewable , and fine-tunable to meet the needs .
The mushroom materials market can be classified based on feedstock , application , and geography . In terms of feedstock , the mushroom materials market can be segmented into rice husks , corn stalks , or any other crop waste . The rice husks segment is likely to hold a major share in the mushroom materials market in the near future . Based on application , the mushroom materials market can be split into thermal insulation panels , building materials , protective packaging , and others . The others segment includes mushroom materials used in the manufacture of decorative items such as table lamps , flower pots , and others . Building materials is likely to be a dominant segment of the mushroom materials market during the forecast period . Building products manufactured from mushroom materials offer high performance ability , fire resistance , and can be easily molded . Mushroom materials possess natural aesthetic properties and are priced competitively compared to most fabricated plastic foams .
Mushroom materials are light in weight , ecofriendly , and easy to transport . These properties are projected to boost their demand in the near future , driving the mushroom materials market . However , limited availability of raw materials such as mushroom roots and other agricultural waste is estimated to be a major constraint for the mushroom materials market .
In terms of region , the global mushroom materials market can be segregated into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Latin America , and Middle East & Africa . North America is a dominant region of the mushroom materials market followed by Europe . This is due to the large presence of raw material manufacturers in these regions . The mushroom materials market in Asia Pacific is expected to expand at a significant pace during the forecast period due to the availability of the agricultural waste in the region .
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=42749
Key players in the mushroom materials market are Ecovative Design and MycoWorks .
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market . It does so via in-depth qualitative insights , historical data , and verifiable projections about market size . The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions . By doing so , the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market , including but not limited to : Regional markets , technology , types , and applications .
About us :
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research , customized research , and consulting services . TMR 's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical , chemicals and materials , technology and media , food and beverages , and consumer goods , among others . Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts , competitive landscape , detailed segmentation , key trends , and strategic recommendations .
Contact us :
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
When lawyers eventually reach a settlement in the messy Etene Nanai-Seturo case , let 's hope lessons are learned .
The first being 15-year-olds should not be signing five-year contracts , no matter how good they may be . Precisely because , at that age , they are still kids with largely insular views of the world and where it could potentially lead .
At 15 , most would admit they had little grasp of who they were let alone what path to take in life .
Read more : Feud over young All Black star escalates
Advertisement
In a sporting context , Nanai-Seturo 's situation surely highlights the folly of expecting adolescence-aged prospects to set their futures in stone .
Teenagers , until at least their last year at school , should be free to savour the enjoyment and friendship sport fosters before being influenced by an agent pushing in a particular direction .
Keep the pressures of professionalism at bay as long as possible .
Younger athletes , especially those from humble upbringings , are also far more vulnerable to manipulation .
Presented with a compelling , long-term offer that included plenty of zeros and other perks , it is understandable why Nanai-Seturo and their parents opted to sign with the Warriors .
The Warriors only did what they thought was best by attempting to secure a talented local player . This club , and the wider Auckland region , loses countless others well before the age of 15 .
On the face of it , the Warriors ca n't be faulted for wanting to protect this one but the length of the agreement for someone of that age is questionable .
In this instance it must also be said the Warriors appear likely to be done over after investing in Nanai-Seturo over the past three years . Their angst is justified .
But is it really surprising that a potentially poorly advised teenager had a change of heart ?
Any parent would tell you this happens every day .
In the league space often what is promised does not live up to the hype , with smoke and mirror tactics used by some rogue agents to lure impressionable youngsters across the Tasman with promises of fame . Many end up spat out the other side with minimal support .
Only 10 to 20 per cent of those involved in the junior competition progress to the NRL . There are also many cases of homesickness and consuming pressure leading to suicides .
Etene Nanai-Seturo played for the Black Sevens side despite being under contract with the Warriors .
In Australia , the likes of the Melbourne Storm and Bulldogs regularly sign teenagers but give them the option of backing out in Year 13 . While they ca n't then join a rival club , they can switch codes .
This appears a much better approach .
In such a competitive market rugby union is also guilty of approaching and signing teenagers too young . Many New Zealand first XV teams are as professional as our provincial unions , with scholarships frequently used to poach talent .
Hastings ' Boys High School first XV team manager Jason Bird said this week more than half their side had agents . That is not uncommon .
Nanai-Seturo is believed to now be on a New Zealand sevens contract , with the promise of graduating to one with the Chiefs in 2019 .
After their time in the St Kentigern College first XV their switch of allegiance may have happened organically , but NZ Rugby are capable of using powers of persuasion , too .
While their own doing to a point , Nanai-Seturo is now at the centre of an ugly public spat , something of a throwback to the dark old days of bitter attitudes between rugby and league .
Given the fallout , NZ Rugby should probably have left Nanai-Seturo out of the Hamilton sevens squad this weekend , at least until the feud is resolved .
Regardless of where the tug-of-war ends up , the issue is Nanai-Seturo will always have the stigma of turning their back on one code and will , thus , upset a large section of fans .
While their performances in Hamilton suggest they are unburdened by the situation , expectations and hype are already hugely inflated because of the contract standoff .
That the courts may decide their immediate future sums up just what a sad start to an extremely promising career this is .
To get the day 's top sports stories in your inbox , sign up to our newsletter here
The events leading to Michael Flynn 's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week , with constant new updates about what they said , to whom and when . But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer . Here 's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser , less than one month into the Trump administration .
June through November 2016
Early in the summer , the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee . Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump , as well as internal emails and chats .
In late July , WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers . Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC chair .
Donald Trump , meanwhile , eggs the Russians on .
`` Russia , if you 're listening , I hope you 're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing , '' they say .
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months , saying in a debate that China or `` somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds '' could have been behind the breaches . Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it 's `` confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails , '' Trump dismisses concerns about the breach .
`` You ever notice anything that goes wrong , they blame Russia ? 'Russia did it . ' They have no idea , '' they say in a speech .
Nov. 8 , 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election .
Nov. 18 , 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be their national security adviser . Flynn , it is later reported , had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election .
Dec. 9 , 2016
Then-President Obama orders a `` full review '' of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections , going back to 2008 .
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election .
The Trump transition office issues a statement :
`` These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , '' the statement says . `` The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history . [ Note : This is incorrect . ] It 's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again . ' ``
Dec. 12 , 2016
Trump tweets : `` Unless you catch 'hackers ' in the act , it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking . Why was n't this brought up before election ? ''
Dec. 15 , 2016
Trump tweets , `` If Russia , or some other entity , was hacking , why did the White House wait so long to act ? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost ? ''
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that then-President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking , but they also `` had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening . ''
Obama tells NPR 's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia , one way or another , in response to that country 's attempts to influence the U.S. election .
`` I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections , that we need to take action , '' they say . `` And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing . Some of it may be explicit and publicized ; some of it may not be . ''
They added , `` But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this , because I spoke to them directly about it . ''
Dec. 25 , 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays ( per remarks later made by Sean Spicer on Jan. 13 , 2017 ) .
Dec. 29 , 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia 's Federal Security Service , the FSB ; the country 's main foreign intelligence agency , known as the GRU ; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU .
In addition , the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were `` used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes . ''
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak regarding sanctions took place ( this story would break on Jan. 12 , 2017 ) . According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9 , two officials `` said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama , making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president . ''
Jan. 6 , 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee .
`` Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump 's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him , '' the report says . The authors added that `` Russia 's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process . ''
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report 's contents . Afterward , they release a statement lumping Russia in with China and `` other countries '' and insisting that the hacking had `` absolutely no effect '' on the election 's outcome :
`` While Russia , China , other countries , outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee , there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines . ''
However , as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier , it 's impossible to know the impact : `` Certainly the intelligence community ca n't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made . There is no way for us to gauge that . ''
Jan. 10 , 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee ( and Alabama Sen. ) Jeff Sessions says in their confirmation hearing that they `` has no reason to doubt '' the report 's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack .
Jan. 11 , 2017
In their confirmation hearing , then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that they think it 's `` a fair assumption '' that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election . They also add that the intelligence report on Russian hacking `` clearly is troubling . ''
Jan. 12 , 2017
The Washington Post 's David Ignatius reports that `` a senior U.S. government official , Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29 , '' the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats .
Jan. 13 , 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak , but that the conversation was on Dec. 28 , and that it was n't about sanctions .
They say that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th , asking if they could give Flynn a call . Kislyak then called that day , and according to Spicer , `` the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after they were sworn in , and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call . That was it , plain and simple . ''
This later proved to be untrue .
Jan. 15 , 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss `` whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications , '' as the Washington Post has reported .
Later that day , on CBS 's Face the Nation , Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions .
`` What I can confirm , having spoken to them about it , is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions , '' Pence said .
Upon further questioning from John Dickerson , Pence added , `` I do n't believe there were more conversations '' as well as `` I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion . ''
After the Pence interview , the Post reports , the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was `` more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call , contrary to public statements . ''
Jan. 19 , 2017
According to the Washington Post , Acting Attorney General Sally Yates , DNI James Clapper and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications .
Jan. 26 , 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak , as Spicer later reports at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing .
Feb. 8 , 2017
In an interview , Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak , according to the Washington Post .
Feb. 9 , 2017
A Flynn spokesperson says that the retired lieutenant general `` indicated that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions , they could n't be certain that the topic never came up , '' according to the Post .
This is also the day Pence `` became aware of the incomplete information he 'd received ... based on media accounts , '' according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter , who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14 .
Feb. 13 , 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn `` does enjoy the full confidence of the president . ''
Later in the day , Spicer says that Trump is `` evaluating the situation '' regarding Flynn .
That night , Flynn resigns as national security adviser . In a statement , they admit accidental wrongdoing :
`` Unfortunately , because of the fast pace of events , I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador . I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President , and they have accepted my apology . ''
The White House announces that retired Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser .
Feb. 14 , 2017
Two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that Flynn did talk to Kislyak on Dec. 29 .
Spicer says that 17 days prior , White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when they told Pence they had n't discussed sanctions with Kislyak , as reported by the New York Times .
At a press briefing , Spicer says of the resignation , `` We got to a point not based on a legal issue , but based on a trust issue , '' adding that Trump was `` concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others . ''
Politico reports that there 's still more to come on the Flynn story , according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee :
`` Rep. Adam Schiff ( D-Calif. ) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn 's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning , and more information will surface in the coming days , according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting . ''
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn 's contacts with Russian officials , and Sen. Roy Blunt , R-Mo. , a member of the intelligence committee , says Flynn should meet with the committee `` very soon . ''
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom
COLUMBUS , Ind . ( WISH ) — Columbus police officers rescued a young boy with autism after they waded into a retention pond Sunday .
Officers were called to the area of 25th Street and Lockerbie Drive around 5:30 p.m. after several reports of a child running near traffic , according to a media release from the Columbus Police Department .
Capt . Brian Wilder , who was off duty but near the area , responded and saw the 12-year-old boy wade into a pond in the 5000 block of Victory Driver .
Wilder and Officer Tony Kummer jumped in after the child and were able to bring them safely out of the water .
“ CPD officers receive training each year on interacting with persons who are autistic ” said Lt. Matt Harris , public relations officer for the Columbus Police Department . “ The quick actions of our officers prevented what could have been a tragic situation . ”
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media ?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission .
GiroScience/ Shutterstock.com
An astonishing array of behavior can be seen in materials with different crystal lattices purely based on the interactions of the electron with the lattice , and in semiconductors based on the energetics of the electrons .
Now a team of researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , Professor of Physics Peter Abbamonte and graduate students Anshul Kogar and Mindy Rak , have produced one of these states of matter for the first time in the lab .
The new form of matter is called excitonium , and although it has been theorized to exist for more than fifty years , this is the first time a sample has been created . Essentially , in semi-conductors like silicon , it is easiest to understand their behavior by considering electrons and “ holes ” .
Electrons in semiconductors can be in the low-lying valence energy band , or they can be energetically excited to the high-energy conduction band . It is this kind of excitation and de-excitation that governs how solar panels and LEDs work . When an electron is excited into the conduction band , it leaves behind a “ hole ” – the pseudo-particle created when an electron is “ excited ” into the conduction band .
The holes act like positively charged electrons . Excitons are a quantum-mechanical state , much like a particle , where an electron is bound together with a hole : the two form a composite particle which acts like a boson .
The new state of matter was discovered in crystals of titanium diselenide , which is often analyzed for its interesting electronic properties that may make it useful in battery technology . Excitonium is an example of a condensate , where macroscopic materials suddenly display quantum-mechanical properties : famous examples include superfluids like Helium-4 , and superconductors , which display astonishing electrical properties including zero electrical resistance .
Here , the bosonic particles that form the condensate are these excitons which form when holes bind with electrons in pairs .
`` This result is of cosmic significance , '' according to Abbamonte .
Ever since the term 'excitonium ' was coined in the 1960s by Harvard theoretical physicist Bert Halperin , physicists have sought to demonstrate its existence . Theorists have debated whether it would be an insulator , a perfect conductor , or a superfluid—with some convincing arguments on all sides . Since the 1970s , many experimentalists have published evidence of the existence of excitonium , but their findings were n't definitive proof and could equally have been explained by a conventional structural phase transition . Peter Abbamonte , Professor of Physics , University of Illinois
Finding excitonium had proved difficult up until now because the macroscopic signatures that it leaves behind are difficult to distinguish from those of other types of phase transition . The energetic signature is simply that an energy gap opens up for individual particles , while the formation of a superlattice very closely resembles other types of phase transition .
Only with a new technique , momentum-resolved electron energy-loss spectroscopy ( or M-EELS ) can the team be sure that what they 're seeing is excitonium . Previous techniques could only measure electron trajectories , without giving values of their actual momenta : now , the researchers can see the collective excitations of the excitons .
This allowed them to see , during the transition at the critical temperature of 190K , the formation of a “ soft plasmon ” – another type of quasiparticle that arises when electrons interact with their crystal lattices in a certain way . These quasiparticles are n't formed by ordinary phase transitions , so it was clear that they had actually seen an excitonium state .
I remember Anshul being very excited about the results of our first measurements on TiSe2 . We were standing at a whiteboard in the lab as they explained to me that we had just measured something that no one had seen before : a soft plasmon… The work we did on TiSe2 allowed me to see the unique promise our M-EELS technique holds for advancing our knowledge of the physical properties of materials and has motivated my continued research on TiSe2 . Mindy Rak , Graduate Student , University of Illinois
It 's astonishing just how rich and varied an array of behavior can be obtained by quantum-mechanical interactions on crystal lattices . M-EELS and other more advanced measurement techniques will allow us to explore the vast array of states of matter that can occur , and will hopefully help us to build towards a greater theoretical understanding .
Once we have this , it may be possible to design and synthesize substances with extremely useful optical and material properties . For example , the holy grail of condensed-matter physics : a room-temperature superconductor .
The study , “ Signatures of exciton condensation in a transition metal dichalcogenide , ” is published in Science this week .
Disclaimer : The views expressed here are those of the author expressed in their private capacity and do not necessarily represent the views of AZoM.com Limited T/A AZoNetwork the owner and operator of this website . This disclaimer forms part of the Terms and conditions of use of this website .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Europe needs a new defence pact — and Britain can lead it
The reality that people are “ sick and tired of violence ” may be dawning on dissidents according to a former security figure , following a report that one grouping is urging a “ rethink ” of republican strategy .
The political party Republican Network for Unity ( RNU ) – widely viewed as the political wing of Oglaigh na hEireann ( ONH ) , claims which have always been denied – used an Easter address to say “ that a strategic rethink is required ” and repeatedly referred to the impact of recent election results .
The Irish News reported yesterday that this signals that “ ONH may be preparing to end its armed campaign ” .
Ex-Special Branch officer William Matchett said that “ every republican engaged in ‘ armed struggle ' is destined for prison ” .
“ If they are unaware of this , they are living in dreamland , ” they said . “ The intelligence agencies both sides of the border hold the upper hand .
“ One needs only to look at the high-profile figures currently in prison or facing prosecution .
“ But politics is also a factor . The causes of the Troubles – discrimination against a Catholic minority – no longer exist .
“ And following the Belfast Agreement nationalists support the police . Neither is there a loyalist complication and the state has not made mistakes , such as internment .
“ In other words , groups like ONH have nobody to blame . ”
Conflict across the world has also left people everywhere “ sick and tired of violence ” they added .
But UUP MP Tom Elliott was concerned that some PIRA weapons decommissioned in previous processes ended up in the hands of dissidents .
“ The difficulty is they [ ONH ] can say they will decommission but will they , will they really ? Or will it just be a token gesture ? ”
The real deciding factor would be “ when all violence is ended ” they added .
Kenny Donaldson , spokesperson for Innocent Victims United , said it appeared the move was “ towards embracing a democratic political pathway ” which they “ cautiously welcomed ” .
Sean O'Callaghan , former Irish state agent in the IRA , warned : “ I would not write off dissident republicanism . ”
They have been “ drifting ” towards the ‘ New IRA ' for some time , they added .
Temporary ACC Stephen Cargin said : “ The PSNI welcomes any move away from violence and towards engaging in law-abiding , peaceful and democratic processes . ”
No government comment was available .
RNU did not offer any comment .
ONH is now considered relatively inactive , but around 2010 it was considered the most dangerous of the dissident republican groups .
In 2010 the Independent Monitoring Commission said the group was responsible for 18 attacks on security forces in the six months from March to August that year . It said : “ Of the [ various dissident ] groups , the two factions of RIRA especially Óglaigh na hÉireann were by far the most active and dangerous . ”
ONH seriously injured Irish-speaking PSNI Constable Peadar Heffron in January 2010 in a car bomb attack .
READ MORE : Strategic rethink necessary : RNU
* As Afenifere urges FG to break the silence
LEADER of the Pan-Yoruba socio-political organisation , Afenifere , Pa Reuben Fasoranti , has called on the Federal Government to condemn the killings in Southern Kaduna , faulting government 's seeming indifference on the issue .
However , Senator Danjuma Laah ( PDP , Kaduna South ) Sunday , praised the Federal and Kaduna State governments for what they said were the massive deployment of soldiers and armed police officers to troubled areas of Southern Kaduna .
Also Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria , MACBAN , Kaduna State chapter , pleaded with both Southern Kaduna natives and its members to sheathe their swords and embrace reconciliation , months after Southern Kaduna natives have accused the herdsmen of genocide .
The leader of Afenifere , Pa Fasoranti , in a statement , said : “ It grieves us that the Federal Government has been quiet on these killings , relying on the Governor of the state , who has openly confessed that they looked out for the killers to compensate them because they are of the same ethnic stock with him .
“ A state of emergency ought to have been declared in Kaduna as the governor , by that claim , can no longer be trusted to perform their constitutional duty of protecting the lives and property of all citizens .
“ We are further embarrassed by the statement credited to Mr. Femi Adesina , the President 's spokesperson , that our Leader has been quiet on these killings because they can not speak on every issue .
“ How can the killings of citizens in hundreds be ‘ every issue ' ? Has our President not sent messages to other countries , where tragedies of lesser proportion occurred ? ” Senator Laah
The Senator representing the area , Senator Laah , Sunday , said : “ As you can all recall , I have tried alongside with my colleagues at the National Assembly to seek intervention of both the state and the Federal governments to arrest the situation . Unfortunately , these actions were met with lukewarm reactions .
“ I hope the presence of these large contingents of soldier , Police and Department of State Services , DSS , will lead to the arrest of culprits so that they can be brought to justice . These kinds of horrendous crimes must not go unpunished . ”
They then pleaded that a supplementary budget be made and passed into law to assist affected communities .
The Senator slammed the 24-hour curfew imposed over Jema ' a , Kaura and Zangon Kataf LGAs of Southern Kaduna , saying the measure was punitive rather than for security measures .
Meanwhile , MACBAN , Kaduna State chapter , Sunday , pleaded with both Southern Kaduna natives and its members to sheathe their swords and embrace reconciliation months after Southern Kaduna natives accused the herdsmen of genocide .
MACBAN , in corroborating Kaduna State government 's position that the invasions carried out by herdsmen were reprisal killings from the 2011 post-presidential killings of herdsmen and their cattle , however , preached that reprisals would never lead to a solution to the problem .
The Assistant National Secretary of Miyetti Allah , Dr. Ibrahim Abdullahi , addressing the press in Kaduna , said some foreign Fulani were killed in Southern Kaduna in 2011 alongside local Fulani .
They said when the reprisal attacks from the Fulani started then , late Governor Patrick Yakowa of Kaduna State intervened by reaching out to aggrieved Fulani , using some members of MACABAN , which ultimately led to resolving the crisis in 2012 .
They noted that Yakowa 's predecessor did not continue with the policy .
They praised Governor El-Rufai for continuing with what Yakowa started , saying the ongoing killings were regrettable . ( Vanguard )
A proud native of Longview , Wash. , Christian Caple joins The News Tribune after covering Washington State football and men 's basketball for two years at the Spokesman-Review in Spokane ( though they lived in Pullman ) . They are a 2010 graduate of the University of Washington , an avid NWAACC basketball fan , and is unsure how to proceed now that Breaking Bad is over .
Ironically Trump 's tweet boasting of their “ bestselling books ” and slamming mainstream media was misspelled .
Apparently , # DonTheCon Trump deleted this tweet about 2 hours after it was posted , so here it is , in all its glory , for the enjoyment & edification of your many followers : # TrumpLies # DelusionalDon # HasTrumpEverEvenReadABook ? @ realDonaldTrump @ POTUS pic.twitter.com/kE6NFJ30e5 — The Mominatrixx ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? # FamiliesBelongTogether ( @ TheMominatrixx ) July 3 , 2018
Anyone who knows President Donald Trump knows they like to boast about their “ abilities. ” Whether they actually have those “ abilities ” is another question entirely .
But this time , they went a little too far .
Trump , whose tweets are almost never without a mistake , gave Twitter users a good old laugh after they boasted about their “ writing skills . ”
Yes . You read that right ; Trump 's “ writing skills . ”
The POTUS tried to take a very poorly-aimed shot at the press when they criticized them for “ pouring ” over their tweets , looking for a mistake , even though they have written “ many best-selling books. ” The claim was quickly rubbished by Trump biographer Tim O'Brien , who asserted Trump used ghostwriters for each of their “ many books. ” Even their tweets are reportedly staff-written .
Another one of those tweets that sure seems staff-written .
Regardless : President Trump did n't write any of their books . Ghostwriters on all of them . https : //t.co/IuWekRDnJg — Tim O'Brien ( @ TimOBrien ) July 3 , 2018
While Trump wanted to let the world know they knew what they were writing about in their usually incoherent tweets because of , you know , their “ expertise ” in the field ; ironically , even this particular tweet had a typo .
Your correction still gets an F. You only corrected `` pore '' ? ? ? ? ? ? pic.twitter.com/brtzdqy0dR — Indivisible Network ( @ IndivisibleNet ) July 4 , 2018
Pour is what you do with liquid
Pore is to gaze intently
Poor is your Presidential ability — Mike Jewett ( @ MJewett1973 ) July 4 , 2018
pore — Jimmy Kimmel ( @ jimmykimmel ) July 3 , 2018
'pore over ' ? ? `` to read or study very carefully ''
'pour over ' ? ? `` to make expensive coffee ''
'comb over ' ? ? ? ? ? `` to comb hair from the side of the head to cover the bald spot '' https : //t.co/br20fgpmAb — Merriam-Webster ( @ MerriamWebster ) July 3 , 2018
While the POTUS deleted their original tweet with a grammatical error , Twitter users ' reactions to the “ established writer ” were scathing to say the least .
In fact , big names like famed “ Harry Potter ” author J.K. Rowling could not stop laughing .
'pour ' hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha — J.K. Rowling ( @ jk_rowling ) July 3 , 2018
'written ' and their ghostwriter 's talked to the press
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha — J.K. Rowling ( @ jk_rowling ) July 3 , 2018
* wipes eyes , tries to control breathing *
Seriously , @ realDonaldTrump is the Gratest Writer on earth . — J.K. Rowling ( @ jk_rowling ) July 3 , 2018
From one professional writer to another : you suck at it . Also , it 's “ pore over. ” Also , you 're a traitor to our country and your presidency is possibly illegitimate . — James Gunn ( @ JamesGunn ) July 3 , 2018
The ART of thE TweET , by Donald tRump — Paul van der Meer ( @ Paul_VanDerMeer ) July 4 , 2018
However , one should give credit where due ; Trump might not be as great a writer as believes themselves to be but they sure knows how to give their followers a good laugh .
Thumbnail/ Banner Credits : REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
English football fans are still recovering their nerves after the dramatic World Cup knockout win this morning .
Elation , jubilation , pure joy - whatever you call it , the die-hard fans felt it all around the world : At a London pub , Brighton Beach , in the BBC office , in Russia ; even in Auckland .
And just how the team managed to conquer Colombia in the round of 16 match – a penalty shootout – was enough to cause celebration for some with the curse finally broken .
`` I never thought we 'd win a penalty shootout , '' one fan told 1 NEWS .
`` We managed to break the mould , '' another said .
`` We did n't lose the penalties and that 's got to be the best thing from this . We 've changed something ! ''
For the entire extra time , The air was heavy with tension - from ballet class to the Royal Opera House to the roadside , England seemed to stop .
But with the team moving on to the quarter-finals , life seems to have been breathed back in the country .
Sign up to receive FirstFT by email here
The UK is planning to extend a Brexit olive branch to the EU . Brexit negotiations start next week in Brussels and Britain 's Brexit secretary David Davis is planning to guarantee the 3m EU citizens living in the UK the same rights they currently have . Earlier this year Theresa May warned that the EU would have to guarantee UK citizens ' rights first .
But before that happens , Philip Hammond is expected to challenge Mrs May over Brexit in their Mansion House speech today . The chancellor has been huddled with advisers in the Treasury for the past few days debating whether to make their differences with Mrs May explicit in the speech . A bolder speech would fire a missile directly at Number 10 because it would show divisions in the Brexit strategy at the heart of government only a few days before negotiations are due to start . The FT editorial sums it up : “ The task of agreeing the terms of Britain 's departure from the EU was always going to be difficult . It has now become infinitely more complicated. ” ( FT , Express )
In the news
Russia probe ensnares Trump
Robert Mueller , the special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russia 's role in the US 2016 election , is examining whether President Trump attempted to obstruct justice , according to a report . ( WaPo )
Fed goes for the double
The US Federal Reserve has defied a string of weak inflation figures as it lifted short-term rates for the second time in 2017 . The Fed also set out detailed plans for paring back the size of its balance sheet later this year . ( FT )
Man Booker prize announced
Israeli writer David Grossman has been named the 2017 winner of the Man Booker International Prize for fiction for their novel A Horse Walks Into a Bar , an “ intensely disquieting , engrossing read ” . ( FT )
London tower block fire
The death toll , currently at 12 people , is expected to rise further from an enormous fire at the 24-storey Grenfell Tower in west London , where residents repeatedly complained about fire safety . Here 's Edwin Heathcote on how the tower block 's refurbishment raises fire safety questions . Here 's what we know so far . ( FT , BBC )
Roam like at home
European officials will gather today in Malta to toast the end of mobile phone roaming charges in the EU . It may be shortlived . Dozens of telecoms operators have already applied to be exempt from the roaming rates to avoid a financial hit , according to industry sources . ( FT )
Congressman wounded in shooting
A man armed with a rifle opened fire on a group of Republican members of congress practising for an annual charity baseball game on Wednesday , wounding Steve Scalise , the House majority whip , and four others . The perpetrator of the latest US mass shooting was identified as Illinois man James T Hodgkinson , who had a history of domestic violence and did not like Donald Trump . ( FT , WaPo , Vox , Daily Beast )
The day ahead
A Greek compromise
Eurozone finance ministers and the International Monetary Fund meet in Brussels to try and strike a deal on Greece , paving the way for new loans for Athens but leaving the contentious debt relief issue for later . ( Reuters )
BoE decision
The Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee will deliver its latest decision on interest rates . Despite headline and core inflation being both above its 2 per cent target in April , a rise in rates remains a distant prospect .
Keep up with the important business , economic and political stories in the coming days with the FT 's Week Ahead .
What we 're reading
​Inside Formula One 's race for global domination​
​It is mindblowingly expensive , fiercely competitive and almost impossible to break into . Can the sport 's new owners broaden its appeal ? ( FT )
How Facebook changed democracy​
Simon Kuper on how targeting specific voters is more effective and cheaper than speaking to the public on TV . “ It 's practically a secret campaign . And it 's cheap . My friend spent about €50,000 to reach 4m voters , ” they write . ( FT ) ​
Could Camembert disappear ?
Genuine Camembert cheese comprises just 4 per cent of the 360m wheels bearing the name “ Camembert ” produced each year . Earning official Camembert de Normandie status is not easy , and the small producers who make it are being squeezed out of business . ( Bloomberg )
Froth comes off
The volume of alcoholic drinks consumed globally is falling and it is mainly caused by the world drinking less beer . Here is how both economics and changing tastes play a part in the decline of beer consumption in the world 's biggest markets . ( Economist )
Surviving life at the back
Reducing legroom , charging for bad food : airlines seem determined to make air travel unpleasant for those forced to travel in economy class . The FT 's Mike Skapinker offers tips to make life at the back of the aircraft a bit more bearable . ( FT )
Video of the day
Norway 's electric car success
Norway has become a global leader in electric cars but rapid progress presents challenges such as when to withdraw subsidies . Richard Milne reports from the world 's largest charging station ( FT )
There are always a few players who , for one reason or another , never seem to fully get their due . Not that Justin Rose is some dark horse , of course . He 's not . But whether it 's against Phil Mickelson at the 2013 U.S. Open , Matt Kuchar at the Olympics , Sergio Garcia at the 2017 Masters or , more recently , Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy at the 2018 Arnold Palmer Invitational , Rose always finds themselves on the wrong end of some tough popularity content match-ups .
But while everybody 's spending Monday recounting Tiger 's brilliant play and Rory 's hot putting , we should also give some love to Rose , because they deserve it . He 's putting together an incredible start to their season , and dare I say it , they may be the real favorite heading into the Masters .
You 're probably aware of Justin Rose 's good recent finishes by now , because they 've been hard to miss : He 's finished 1 , T-5 , T-8 , T-37 , T-5 , 3 in their last six PGA Tour starts , with a T-10 on the European Tour sprinkled in between . It 's all amounted to Rose winning an astonishing 38 percent of their potential prize money this season , behind only Dustin Johnson and Justin Thomas .
What 's most interesting about Justin Rose 's recent form , though , is what 's fueling it .
Rose 's strength , at least up until now , has been from tee-to-green . Since 2011 he 's finished the season inside the top five of Strokes Gained : Tee-to-Green four times , and has never finished worse that 15th . Writing for Golf World , statistician Dr. Lucius Riccio has routinely noted that he 's the best ball-striker on the PGA Tour .
Putting , by contrast , has been an issue . Over the same time period Rose has only finished inside the top 100 in Strokes Gained : Putting once ( 97th , in 2011 ) . But interestingly , it 's been fueling their rise this season : Rose ranks fifth in Strokes Gained : Putting , gaining an impressive 1.022 strokes on the putting surface .
Rose 's ball-striking has n't been as good in 2018 ( he 's 34th in SG : Tee-to-Green so far ) , but I would n't read too much into that . Rose 's past stats prove that he 's an elite ball-striker , and barring an injury or something else unfortunate , at 37 , he 's not going to stop being one overnight . Indeed , he 's actually hitting the ball farther so far this season than last , so I 'd expect this stat to regress to normal levels as the sample size gets bigger .
The same could probably be said of their putting , of course . They have never putted this well before so it 's unlikely that this is the new normal . But that does n't necessarily matter . Renowned statistician and Columbia professor Dr. Mark Broadie has written numberous times that wins on the PGA Tour come about , basically , when one part of a golfer game inflects suddenly and quickly up . Basically , when a good ball striker has good putting week , they win , like Rory did at Bay Hill :
Rose is doing exactly that . Their putting stats have inflected up to levels we 've never seen from them before . Sure , they 'll start coming down at some point , but they 've shown no sign of that yet . Rose remains squarely in the middle of the best putting streak of their career , and with the Masters just 16 days away , it 's happening at the perfect time .
News ID : 198595 Published : 0641 GMT 14 Aug 2017
Johnson Leung , co-founder of 300cubits.tech , discusses the tensions on the Korean peninsula and its impact on the commodities market . They speak on `` Bloomberg Markets : Asia . ''
Bloomberg
KeyWords
I have n't spoken out publicly during this search as not to taint the process in any way . I am so humbled by all of the kind words ! It is no secret that my ultimate goal is to be the h.c. at our alma mater . It 's now time to come together and support our new leader ! # SMUPRIDE
At least 55,000 audience volunteers have taken part in the illusion in the two decades , according to Copperfield .
David Copperfield has insisted that they knew of no one being injured during 20 years of performing a signature vanishing act at the centre of a lawsuit by a British tourist who claims they were seriously hurt in a fall during a Las Vegas performance .
Amid complaints from their lawyers about widespread media coverage , the world-famous illusionist returned to the witness stand , telling a Nevada jury about the trick that makes people seems to disappear on stage and reappear in the back of the theatre .
At least 55,000 audience volunteers have taken part in the illusion in the two decades , according to Copperfield and show executive producer , Chris Kenner , who testified last week .
Gavin Cox , left , who claims they were injured during an illusion ( Michael Quine/Las Vegas Review-Journal via AP )
In about 60 to 90 seconds , stagehands with torches hurry the randomly chosen participants past dark curtains , down unfamiliar passageways , around corners , outdoors , indoors and through an MGM Grand resort kitchen to re-enter the theatre and “ reappear ” for the show finale , according to testimony .
Copperfield remains on stage the entire time .
Benedict Morelli , lawyer for Gavin Cox , has characterised the route as an obstacle course and the pace as dangerously fast for people who might not have appropriate footwear and are not told in advance what they will encounter .
Copperfield said they and stagehands assessed the capabilities of audience volunteers as they approached the stage , climbed stairs and seated themselves in a boxy 13-seat apparatus for the illusion .
The trick is dubbed “ the Thirteen , ” for the number of seats .
David Copperfield reveals details of magic trick in court after a man claimed they were seriously injured during one of Copperfield 's illusions pic.twitter.com/nvYB2f3KUz — TODAY ( @ TODAYshow ) April 19 , 2018
The jury has been told that some volunteers were turned away .
Over the objections of Copperfield lawyer Elaine Fresch , Mr Morelli asked Copperfield if they thought the number of people not injured by the illusion over the years suggested that it was safe .
“ I 'm not in the business of hurting people , ” Copperfield said .
“ The illusion must be safe because of how many people have done it without getting injured ? ” Mr Morelli asked .
“ Numbers are not a defence , ” Copperfield said , adding they could not remember hearing of anyone getting hurt .
Copperfield said they did not know Mr Cox claimed to have been injured in November 2013 until they were sued the following year . They said they stopped performing the illusion a year later .
Mr Cox , from Kent , alleges they fell after being hurried by stagehands through an alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a large rubbish bin .
They are claiming lasting brain and bodily injuries from their fall have cost them more than 400,000 US dollars ( £286,000 ) in medical care .
© Press Association 2018
If you look anywhere other than the actual sevendollarclick index , you realize that the competitors of this website have launched all sorts of sevendollarclick real or fake rumours so convince you that you should not sign up . Well , if you want to be smart about it , you will take the time to visit the actual platform and see why it is worth your while and just how amazing its money earning opportunities really are . Take the time to check it out and you will definitely not regret it .
The sooner you realize that there are bad people out there , the easier it will be for you to actually put the sevendollarclick real or fake news to rest . There is no point in believing everything you read . If you want to make sure that the information you come across is genuine , the best idea that you could have would be to visit the platform , sign up and start clicking on ads . Do you see the money adding up in your account ? If the answer is yes , then this website is the real deal .
You learn right now that this platform is worth your while , but if you still have your doubts , the only way to get rid of them is to actually give this ptc website a try . Make sure that you visit the sevendollarclick index sooner rather than later so that you can see just how easy it is to make money if you are on the right website . It is all a matter of not believing the lies of the people who do not want others to succeed . This is your life , your journey , your time to take advantages of the best ptc opportunities .
The most incredible advantage of all is that you can earn all this money while sitting in your favourite chair at home , in front of the computer . If you want to work for a couple of hours each night , you can do that . If you want to spend the whole day clicking on ads , you can do that as well . Also , if you do not feel like working today , there is nothing stopping you from taking a break .
You can reach the withdrawal limit in your own time . Of course , if you would like to reach is sooner , you would need to invest in referrals as well . You can learn more about your options by simply visiting the platform and reading all the accurate information that you find there . It would be useful to check out a few reviews written by its members as well . This way , you will not have any doubts when it comes to creating your own account .
Instead of looking for sevendollarclick real or fake ( https : //sevendollarclick.com/ ) news , you should consider visiting the sevendollarclick index ( https : //sevendollarclick.com/ ) and checking out the information you find here . This way , you will be able to see for yourself that this website is the real deal and that it can offer you the tools to earn more money than you can imagine !
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday :
HP Inc. , up 86 cents to $ 22.16
The printer and PC maker raised its profit forecast after it topped analyst projections in its latest quarter .
U.S. Bancorp , up 98 cents to $ 49.84
Advertisement
Banks rallied as bond yields rose after sharp losses a day ago .
Exxon Mobil Corp. , up $ 3.08 to $ 81.50
Oil prices turned higher and energy companies broke out of a five-day losing streak .
Dick 's Sporting Goods Inc. , up $ 7.87 to $ 38.35
The retailer raised its profit forecast after strong online sales boosted its first-quarter results .
WellCare Health Plans Inc. , up $ 5.84 to $ 226.99
The health insurer said it will pay $ 2.5 billion for Medicaid provider and pharmacy benefits manager Meridian .
Chico 's FAS Inc. , down $ 1.82 to $ 8.17
The clothing retailer 's quarterly profit fell short of Wall Street estimates .
Michael Kors Holdings Ltd. , down $ 7.81 to $ 60.41
The luxury retailer gave a disappointing forecast for the year .
J.M . Smucker Co. , down 9 cents to $ 108.59
High dividend stocks like household goods makers moved lower as investors grew less cautious and took more risks Wednesday .
This page is for personal , non-commercial use . You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues , customers , or clients , by visiting http : //www.autobloglicensing.com
Highlights of their career include paving the way for better access to court documents for high-profile cases
Santa Barbara County Superior Court Executive Officer Gary Blair is retiring after 37 years of being a steadfast advocate for new construction projects , innovative case management software and public access to the court system .
Looking back , they say they can trace their career to an unlikely source — their tonsils .
It was the late 1970s and Blair , a UCSB student about to graduate , was accepted into law school in San Diego . Complications from a tonsillectomy made them very sick and they had to defer their acceptance . Meanwhile , they say , they realized just how many lawyers there already were in California , and how much debt they would have to shoulder to move forward .
Instead , they enrolled in UCSB 's master 's degree program for public and social affairs and got an internship with the District Attorney 's Office . A job was created there within a few months , and they became the director of the new victim assistance program that helped victims keep track of court appearances , get property back and otherwise navigate the criminal justice system .
The former administrator of the Superior Courts left in 1978 somewhat “ under fire ” and things were falling apart , which is when Blair applied and got appointed by the seven-judge panel in 1979 . What really dates their start is the fact that of the seven judges , five were appointed by Gov . Ronald Reagan and one was appointed by Gov . Pat Brown .
“ It 's been a dream job for me . I 've loved every second of it , ” they said . “ You become an expert in all kinds of areas you never would have thought . … It 's all because of a pair of tonsils . ”
Countless news agencies have them to thank for the access to court documents during Michael Jackson 's criminal trial in 2004 as well . Making court documents available online as soon as they 're filed was illegal at the time , but Blair successfully argued for an exception for high-profile cases .
“ That was fun , ” they said . “ That was kind of an interesting moment in my career . ”
The California Judicial Council , which is the governing body for courts , debated the issue for three hours before coming to a tied 9-9 vote among its members , Blair said . In an unusual move , then-Chief Justice Ronald George decided to cast a vote and to allow it as a one-year pilot program .
Santa Barbara County Superior Court received the Ralph Kleps award for creating the website with court documents and media information relating to the Jackson trial . Blair said they even organized media parking areas , satellite truck coordinates and sent out email blasts announcing each newly-filed document to journalists in 43 countries .
The exception for high-profile cases is now a permanent rule and was used in San Mateo County for the Scott Peterson case , Blair said .
Another highlight of their career is hosting a California Supreme Court session in the historic Anacapa Street Courthouse 's Mural Room .
The county put in a huge sound system and portable air — since there is no air conditioning and “ horrible acoustics ” in the room — and 900 local high school students got to experience the three-day Supreme Court in session in 2006 . It was televised live and students watched remotely in three courtrooms , and each got a short time to watch in person , Blair said .
California 's court system has gone through a huge transformation in the past two decades , including the switch to having county courts funded by the state instead of counties . The switch happened in 1997 , and there have been severe cutbacks since 2008 . Blair said Santa Barbara County Superior Court is looking at cuts of $ 2.5 million to $ 4.5 million just for next year .
They said they have seen a drop in 45 staffing positions as well , including 15 people who are leaving within the month by taking incentives to retire early or just leave .
Another big milestone was in 1998 , when counties combined their Superior Courts with municipal and justice courts after Proposition 220 passed . The Santa Barbara County Superior Court has grown considerably since 1980 , from 10 judges and 35 employees to 24 judges and more than 250 employees .
Blair has overseen multiple construction projects during their tenure , and the effort to get a new criminal courthouse “ has been kind of my baby ” in recent years , they said .
Santa Barbara 's project has been long approved for Senate Bill 1407 grant funding , but since the bill was passed in 2009 , nearly $ 1.5 billion of court construction funds have been diverted to the state 's general fund or to bankroll trial court operations . All SB 1407 projects have been either canceled or delayed until the construction funding re-materializes .
The new building would consolidate all of the criminal courtrooms and use the 1.3-acre Hayward Properties at 1025 Santa Barbara St. , which already has been purchased for the project .
Blair has advocated for the project before multiple state committees and argues that it 's vital to have all criminal operations housed in one modern , secure building . Jail and prison inmates are escorted through public hallways , across Figueroa Street and up public elevators from the basement holding area to their court hearings , and Blair says it 's a serious safety concern .
“ You see this chain gang of custodies in orange jumpsuits going past the buses of international tourists ; it 's bizarre , ” they said .
He 's also proud of the many programs to help people navigate the court system , such as the free Family Law facilitators and Self-Help Center , which partners with Legal Aid . Their replacement — who will be announced soon — will be finishing the transition to electronic records and case management . All civil case documents should be available online by the end of the year , with traffic and criminal cases following that , Blair said .
They are officially retiring Aug. 5 , but they said they think they will end up coming back to do some work , perhaps as a consultant , after six months of relaxing with their family .
“ It 's hard to go from 100 miles per hour to 10 miles per hour — I 'm looking for something in between , ” Blair said .
They already have plans to go camping with their their wife , Ana , and twin 13-year-old daughters this summer and take the trailer out to Lake Casitas in Carpinteria .
A retirement event is planned for the evening of Friday , July 19 at El Paseo Restaurant , 813 Anacapa St. in Santa Barbara .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
The foreign bets look to dominate but the local aces are ready for the challenge , guaranteeing a fierce duel for top honors in the centerpiece Elite category of the 2017 Powerman Philippines Asian Championship Presented by Summit Natural Drinking Water , which unwraps Sunday at Clark Freeport Zone , Pampanga .
Advertisements
Thomas Bruins of the Netherlands sets out for the crown that eluded them the last time out as they banners the men 's field that includes Matt Smith of Australia , and Malaysians Ziq Junaidy and Jason Loh with John Chicano , Joey delos Reyes and Cipriane Topia tipped to carry the cudgels for the Filipinos in the premier run-bike-run event organized by F & F International Events Group .
Japanese Airi Sawada and Alexandra McDougall , also from Australia , lead the chase in the women 's Elite side .
The event also serves as a qualifying event for the next Powerman World Championships .
“ It 's all about investing in the Filipino duathlete 's potential , pushing their boundaries , and expanding their competitive horizons with the ultimate goal of sending our top Filipino duathlete to the Powerman World Championships , ” said Powerman Philippines ' general manager , coach Kaye Lopez .
Events on tap are the premier Powerman Classic ( 10km run , 60km bike and 10km run ) , the Powerman Short ( 5km run , 30km bike and 5km run ) and the Powerteens set on smooth , wide roads of Clark with the course offering scenic views of NLEX-SCTEx .
Filipina Monica Torres , who ruled the ITU Asian Middledistance division in the recent Powerman Asian Duathlon in Malaysia , has begged off at the last minute due to health reasons .
Smith , meanwhile , joins Bruins , the current No . 2 in Powerman world ranking , in the centerpiece division with the world No . 9 also fancied to vie for the crown in the event which drew 1,127 participants in the individual and relay competitions .
For their part , Delos Reyes , who finished fourth overall in Powerman Thailand early in the season , has also vowed to go all out to improve on their previous Powerman finish in Indonesia .
Joining the event , also held as part of the country 's preparations for the Asian Duathlon Championship in a few years time , are local celebrities , including Aubrey Miles , Troy Montero and coach Al Gonzales in the Classic distance ( relay ) , Sitti Navarro and husband Joey Ramirez in the Short distance ( relay ) , Kim Chiu , Jake Cuenca and Gerald Anderson ( individual ) .
Presented by Summit Natural Drinking Water , the event is backed by Clark Freeport Zone and NLEX-SCTEx as Official Road Partners , Cobra Energy Drink as Official Energy Drink , Official Sports Nutrition Partner Unilab ActiveHealth , Official Timing Partner Garmin , Official Footwear Partner Skechers Performance , and Event Partners Seafood Island Restaurant , Hammer Nutrition , 2XU , Dan 's Endurance , Cycles & Brew by Hubble , Starbucks Coffee , Pace Prehab and Recovery , WattUp Cycling , Hotel Stotsenberg , Lohas Hotel , and Fontana Leisure Park .
For details , visit www.powerman.ph and follow @ powermanph on social media or follow us on Facebook , Instagram and Twitter @ powermanph official hashtags : # NoManNoPower , # PowermanPH , # PowermanPHPresentedBySummit .
Martin Guptill 's return to the New Zealand limited-overs side has been put on hold while they continue to recover from injury .
The Auckland batsman is missing from the squad of 15 named today for the three ODIs against the West Indies , starting at Whangarei 's Cobham Oval next Wednesday .
That opens the door for lefthander George Worker to get an opportunity at the top of the order , where he 'll open with blockbusting hitter Colin Munro .
Worker has been sighted in recent New Zealand squads but rarely gets an outing . This shapes as a chance to restate their credentials .
Advertisement
The 28-year-old has played four ODIs , averaging , 36 , in South Africa in 2015 and against Ireland and Bangladesh ahead of the Champions Trophy in May .
`` We will miss Martin 's influence at the top of the order , but unfortunately they are not back to full fitness and this provides a well-earned opportunity for George in the ODI series , '' national selector Gavin Larsen said .
Munro is best known as an aggressive middle order batsman but they took their chance on the tour of India recently , with scores of 28 , 10 and 75 .
Captain Kane Williamson and senior seamer Tim Southee will play just the first match of the series before taking a short break . Williamson will also miss the opening T20 in Nelson at the end of the year .
Wicketkeeper-batsman Tom Latham will lead New Zealand in Williamson 's absence . Their only previous leadership experience of the national team came in the short series against Ireland and Bangladesh but is well regarded and clearly Williamson 's No 2 .
Auckland speedster Lockie Ferguson is in for the series along with Adam Milne , offering the chance for New Zealand to line up two genuinely pacy bowlers in the same XI , something of a luxury in the national team .
'' Lockie has been in excellent form and we got to see a bit of them in Wellington while they were a part of the test squad . To have them and Adam Milne in the squad is exciting from a pace perspective , '' Larsen added .
Batsman Neil Broom comes in for Williamson for the second and third matches , in Christchurch on December 23 and 26 .
New Zealand will assemble in Whangarei on Monday .
A three-game T20 series wraps up the West Indies tour , with games in Nelson and Mt Maunganui between December 29 and January 3 .
Expect a batch of other players to get an opportunity as the season progresses . The days of an unchanging squad over a long summer are over .
`` For those guys playing in all three formats it 's important we keep them fresh and build depth leading into a World Cup year .
`` Tim and Kane will both take breaks during this series , but there will be others who will also rest throughout the season , '' Larsen added .
New Zealand ODI squad to play the West Indies :
Kane Williamson ( c , first ODI only ) , Tom Latham , George Worker , Colin Munro , Ross Taylor , Neil Broom ( second and third ODIs only ) , Henry Nicholls , Colin de Grandhomme , Mitchell Santner ( second and third ODIs only ) , Todd Astle , Matt Henry , Adam Milne , Tim Southee ( first ODI only ) , Lockie Ferguson , Trent Boult .
West Indies squad :
Jason Holder ( capt ) , Jason Mohammed , Sunil Ambris , Ronsford Beaton , Shannon Gabriel , Chris Gayle , Kyle Hope , Shai Hope , Alzarri Joseph , Evin Lewis , Nikita Miller , Ashley Nurse , Rovman Powell , Marlon Samuels , Kesrick Williams .
Schedule :
Dec 20 : First ODI , Whangarei
Dec 23 : Second ODI , Christchurch
Dec 26 : Third ODI , Christchurch
Sign up for Meridian 's Free Newsletter , please CLICK HERE
The following was originally published by Deseret News .
Father 's Day brings with it a tinge of guilt for a lot of guys who know they could do and be better as a parent . It is easy to compare yourself to others — and hard to live up to that perfect dad depicted in the misty picture on the cover of the latest parenting book .
Men should remember that being a fabulous father or a dynamic dad has nothing to do with the size of your bank account , the title of your profession or the toys parked in your driveway . Fatherhood is not about your midsection and whether it goes in front , over or beyond your belt . A great dad is not determined by and has nothing to do with fame and fortune or the accolades of the public . It matters little whether you can run a mile , pose for GQ , or count the declining number of hairs on your head with one hand .
Real , faithful fathers simply take time for their children and constantly demonstrate through word and deed that they love and cherish their families and their communities .
The world seems determined to dumb down and even dismiss the role of righteous men and faithful fathers . The media portrays men as knuckleheaded , bumbling idiots who have to constantly be saved from themselves . ( And yes , sometimes we deserve it , but bashing men over the head with their faults while diminishing all the good they do is not helpful to men , women or children . )
Society is reeling from the retreat of men from the home , neighborhood and society . It is true that some men have given up or given in to declining morals , values and narcissism . Yet there is a veritable army of fathers , brothers , uncles and grandfathers who regularly — without fanfare and far from the spotlight — choose to make a difference . High-impact fathering happens in the low-lying events of day-to-day life — and need not be tied to a biological father . A ride to school , a trip to the store , a walk around the neighborhood , a simple email , a few minutes spent reading a book , a handwritten note , an encouraging word , can — for a child or an adult — become sacred ground where a positive future begins .
As with mothers , one day a year for dads just does n't cut it ! I am most thankful this week for the mighty men in my life . Starting with my dad , who lived a life as close to a true disciple of Christ as anyone I have ever known , whose love for others and ability to see the good in people changed lives and lifted many a lost soul . I am grateful for brothers , uncles , friends , teachers , bosses and current colleagues who daily demonstrate what it means to be a “ difference maker ” and an example of all that is good and all that is possible .
Edgar Albert Guest wrote :
Only a dad with a tired face , Coming home from the daily race ,
Toiling and striving from day to day , Facing whatever may come their way ,
Glad in their heart that their own rejoice , To see them come home and to hear their voice .
Only a dad , but they give their all , Smoothing the way for their children small ,
Doing with courage so stern and grim , The deeds that their father did for him .
These are the lines that for them I pen , Only a dad—but the best of men .
To all those who have been the “ best of men ” in my life , I offer my humble gratitude for your impact and influence — it does n't end . We all should take time this week to say thanks and even offer a prayer of appreciation for “ the best of men ” who bless our lives . Society must strive to re-enthrone the vital role of fathers and work with the rising generation to ensure the world will have another greatest generation ready to rise to the challenges of its day . It is true that for society to thrive , we must continue to have both extraordinary women and the best of men .
By Rotimi Ojomoyela
ADO-EKITI—THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , in Ekiti State over the succession plan of Governor Ayodele Fayose took another twist , yesterday , as some party chieftains believed to be loyal to former Minister of State for Works , Prince Dayo Adeyeye , were suspended .
Those affected by the action were an elected councillor for Ido/Osi Ward , Abiodun Daramola and the PDP Ward chairperson , Sunday Ojo and seven women Ward leaders from Ado-Ekiti .
In a telephone chat with newsmen , the suspended councillor , Daramola , disclosed that some police officers from Ido Police Station stormed the council secretariat with handcuffs to arrest him .
They said : “ The police officers told me that they were acting on instructions from Fayose not to allow me to sit in plenary at the council legislature with my colleagues .
“ I was saved the agony of being dragged to the Police station because of my personal relationship with the police officers sent to arrest me . I later learned from my colleagues that I was being punished for being an Adeyeye boy . ”
Adeyeye Movement reacts
Reacting to the arrest , the Prince Adedayo Adeyeye Movement , PAAM , described the suspension of the elected councillor and ward party executives as “ illegal , unconstitutional , null and void . ”
In a statement , PAAM 's Director of Media and Publicity , Niyi Ojo said : “ One is embarrassed that a governor of a state does not know the rudimentary provisions of our Constitution and the PDP constitution in respect of elected officials .
“ We are members ofthe Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , and not Ayo Fayose Democratic Party . All other loyal party men and women should not bow to this act of cowardice from the governor . ”
We 'll look into the matter—PDP Chair
When contacted , the state PDP Chairman , Mr. Gboyega Oguntuase , said that though the decision to suspend the officials was yet to be communicated to him , they promised to look into the matter .
Oguntuase said : “ Whatever decision taken has not been communicated officially to the party but we reserve the right to look into it .
“ We do n't want our people to read meanings into it but such matters will be looked into dispassionately and nobody will be punished for an offense not committed . But in a political party , you are not expected to lead an unregulated life . ”
FILE - in this May 7 , 2018 , file photo , First lady Melania Trump speaks on their initiatives during an event in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington . Melania Trump is trying to tamp down speculation about why they have not been seen in public in nearly three weeks , but it is n't completely working . Susan Walsh , File AP Photo
Alex E Ecoclimax is defined by Odum ( 1969 ) as the culmination state after a succession in a stabilized ecosystem in which maximum biomass ( or high information content ) and symbiotic function among organisms is kept per unit of available energy flow .
RELATED POSTS
The world is shifting greener . And while people have cars and inexpensive solar power , battery technology just was n't good enough to store energy - until now.The lithium-ion battery solves this problem for 2 major reasons relating to lithium:1 . Lithium has extremely high electrochemical potential.2 . Lithium is the lightest metal on the periodic table . Batteries need to be as light as
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker 's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident , that was caught on camera , took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu , near Hastings , in July 2015 .
If you wish to lead a quality life even after retirement it is time that you start working out on the best social security planning strategies that help you to maximize your benefits with a steady growth in your income post retirement . However , If you are not familiar with all the calculations and the analysis for the best social security benefits there is no need to worry as you can now find the social security benefits planner being offered by experts in the industry that can determine the right strategy that works well for you case . The social security planner takes your inputs and come up with the best analysis to suggest the optimal age or time for you to file for the benefits , the advantages and disadvantages of filing early at the age of 62 and also what strategies work out well for married couples , widows , widowers or divorced individuals .
The social security benefits planner offer you valuable insights on how to increase the monthly checks as much as 72 % by simply following the best strategy that safeguards your social benefit interests . You are also updated on how to reduce the 85 % tax on your 50 % of the social security benefits . Though the social security representatives are not permitted to advice on maximising your social security claims you can still have access to all the information from the industry experts that let you know the IRS approved tax-free retirement strategies and also other social security secrets that are used by the largest corporations , politicians and wealthiest people to maximise their retirement benefits .
Whether you are still working or nearing retirement it is better that you check out for reliable social security benefits planner from industry experts that allows you to plan for the retirement saving thousands of dollars on income tax and get the largest check possible without leaving any of your deserved money with the state department . By following the right strategies you never need to worry post your retirement with guaranteed income for all your life so that you never risk outliving your money in retirement which is very important to lead a peaceful life at that stage . The social security planner considering all the tax codes and rules and regulations still come up with the best strategy that you have ever imagined maximising all the benefits that you are rightfully entitled post your retirement to lead a happy life .
204 37th Ave N # 321
St. Petersburg
Florida
33704
USA
727-687-8272
If you are searching for the best social security planning strategies , then socialsecurityplanningmadeeasy is the right choice . Here you can get the complete benefits which are permitted to your family members after retirement . For more details about social security retirement benefits , please visit http : //socialsecurityplanningmadeeasy.com/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool wants to push through a deal for France international Nabil Fekir before the start of the World Cup , reports say .
The Reds are aware of a potential price increase – or competition from other clubs – should the 24-year-old impress in Russia and are keen to meet with Lyon this week .
VAVEL journalist Mootaz Chehade claimed on their personal Twitter account on Thursday that Fekir 's move to Anfield is now a “ done deal ” .
The Frenchman refused to rule out a move to Anfield on Thursday , with speculation growing over a transfer early in the window .
According to the Daily Telegraph , the 24-year-old is seen as a replacement for Philippe Coutinho , who left the Kop for Barcelona in January .
Fekir , whose impressive form in La Ligue has seen them called up for World Cup duties , has also been linked to Arsenal .
The Egyptian Football Federation has announced it does not expect Mohamed Salah 's shoulder injury to keep them out for longer than three weeks , paving the way for them to feature at the World Cup .
The Liverpool forward is in a race against time to be fit for the start of the tournament in Russia next month after being forced off the pitch in tears during Saturday 's Champions League final .
EFA president Hani Abu Reda , national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with Salah on Wednesday in Valencia , where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation .
A post on the federation 's Facebook page read : “ The delegation of the national team was briefed on the recovery programme for the player , who is walking well and aims to join the squad in the World Cup , as well as the determination of the great player to catch up with theirs team-mates .
“ For their part , Mohamed Abou El-Ela said that the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks . ”
Egypt 's opening World Cup match takes place on June 15 against Uruguay , with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later .
Should Salah not return in time for either of those games , they could still appear in Egypt 's final group match against Saudi Arabia on June 25 .
Singer Beverley Knight has said they would love to perform at the upcoming royal wedding , if they were asked by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle .
They has already lent their voice to a number of royal events , including the 2017 Royal Variety Performance and at a concert at Windsor Castle held for the Queen 's 90th birthday celebrations .
On Monday they performed in front of the couple at a memorial service to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the murder of Stephen Lawrence .
Arriving at the Nelson Mandela Global Gift Gala on the centenary of the leader 's birth , they said they would want to duet with their friend Joss Stone .
Joss Stone ( Tabatha Fireman/PA )
They told the Press Association : “ I would want to double up with my mate Joss Stone . We have sung together for Prince Harry 's Sentebale charity .
“ If I was given the opportunity it would be gorgeous to do it with Joss . We love each other . ”
The charity seeks to help the vulnerable children in Lesotho and Botswana .
The royal couple will marry at St George ” s Chapel , in the grounds of Windsor Castle on May 19 . They have already revealed the musicians that will perform during the ceremony .
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ( Victoria Jones/PA )
Among those to perform at the chapel will be 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason , who won BBC Young Musician 2016 .
Performers for the wedding reception have not been announced .
© Press Association 2018
ERIN , Wis. -- Casual or new golf fans might wonder why 14 players have an `` a '' preceding their name on the U.S. Open leader board . This stands for `` amateur . '' No matter how well they finish , these guys collect no prize money . Zip , zero , nada . Before you scream at this apparent injustice , consider that golf is the only sport that truly and regularly offers this peculiar opportunity . That is , to compete alongside the world 's best while still in the developmental stage of one 's athletic career .
The best college quarterbacks do n't get to take snaps in the Super Bowl . The best in college hoops wo n't see what it 's like to play guard in a NBA Championship until ( rather if ) they make it there as pros themselves . College hockey players wo n't experience how fast guys skate in the Stanley Cup , and on down the line .
Why ? It all dates back to 19th century England and a society obsessed with class . In golf , but also sports like rowing , `` amateurism '' was a way for rich people to ensure they would spend the day with their own kind . If you needed the prospect of winning a little cash to justify taking the day off from work to play a game , well , you were n't invited to muck around with nobles . And besides , those muscle-knotted brutes who worked unloading freight at the docks might well win , and really spoil the fun .
Pinterest Getty Images Bobby Jones won multiple U.S . Opens as an amateur .
Caddies , greenkeepers and anyone who profited from golf had their separate `` pro '' tournaments . These were the first `` opens , '' in that they were open to anyone , and often it was here that the higher standard of play was found .
Of course , the story of 20th century sports is how amateurism was overtaken by the big business and mass entertainment of watching people who played for a living . A transition that happened at different speeds . It was n't until 1968 that our national championship in tennis became an event with prize money . Technically , tennis ' U.S. Open is still open to amateurs , but the gulf between the college and pro level in men 's tennis is so wide that amateurs hardly ever qualify . It was a sensational story in 2016 when 17-year-old CiCi Bellis reached the third round of the womens draw and forfeited $ 140,000 in winnings .
Also , tennis and other individual sports are n't as hung up on amateurism as golf . College tennis players often make paychecks as instructors during the summer , but a college golfer doing the same would violate their amateur status , and thus ability to compete in club and amateur events . Considering the amount of financial support the top collegiate , high-school , and even middle school athletes get these days , across all sports , it 's questionable what amateurism even means anymore . The old joke used to be the amateur golfer was the only one who washed their ball on the first tee . But nowadays companies seed free gear far and deep .
The last golfer to win the U.S . Amateur and not later turn pro was Fred Ridley 1975 . But now the potential money is too large for a very talented player to not give it a try . And if you fail , it 's easy to apply and get reinstated as an amateur by sitting out from competition for a year or so . Most importantly , being a pro is cool . The stigma of the 19th century has totally flipped .
The debate on amateurism is old and dry , and will continue to be so for years . But what 's new at this year 's U.S. Open is that more young players will get to play alongside the world 's best . Or at least practice . That 's because the USGA , for the first time ever at Erin Hills , is allowing the other `` a '' ( alternates ) to play practice rounds . It used to be the handful of players waiting around for someone to get food poisoning or break a wrist only had access to the driving range and the short game practice area . So if they were lucky enough to get in at the last minute , they would play the course cold .
Brandon Wu , a sophomore at Stanford University who is both an amateur and an alternate , played practice nines with Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose yesterday . `` It 's quite the experience . I think I want to turn pro , and playing out here has let me see so much , '' Wu said . `` They 're so meticulous with how they prepare . My goal with practice rounds is usually just to know the course , but these guys have the imagination to really picture the shots they 're going to have . '' Wu has seen that their ball-striking can hang , but every once in a while `` they hit a shot that 's just like , wow . ''
Whether they get in the field or not , hitting those shots with money on the line is an experience Wu will wait to have .
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
SARTELL -- Two local students are moving on to the State Spelling Bee later this month .
Sauk Rapids-Rice 6th grader Lydia Johnson took first place during the morning session of the Regional Spelling Bee held at Resource Training and Solutions Monday .
Johnson 's winning word was `` hygiene . '' The 2nd place winner this morning was 8th grader Tomisin Ajayi from South Jr. High .
During the afternoon session North Branch 8th grader Kobe Yang took the victory by correctly spelling the word `` vernacular . '' Coming in second place was 8th grader Mark Palmquist from Chisago Lakes .
The morning session went 12 rounds with 96 words , while the afternoon session wen 19 rounds with 145 words .
Johnson , Ajyai , Yang and Palmquist will represent their schools at the Multi-Regional State Spelling Bee on February 20th .
The top spelling from the State Spelling Bee will then attend the National Spelling Bee in Washington , D.C. May 27th through June 1st .
Viewer Survey : Share your thoughts on the transgender bathroom bill
COLUMBIA - Controversial legislation aimed at restricting access to multi-user restrooms has sparked conversation across the country . The so-called bathroom bills emerged as one of the issues at the forefront of American politics after North Carolina lawmakers put a bill in place in 2016 that required people in government buildings to use the bathroom that corresponds with the gender specified on their birth certificate .
Missouri , with three different proposals , leads the 14 states with pending legislation . Senate Bill 98 would require public school students to use the restroom , shower room or locker room that corresponds with their biological sex assigned at birth . Similarly , House Bill 745 would require all public school restrooms and locker rooms be used by children of the same biological sex assigned at birth . House Bill 202 would require all multiuser restrooms be divided by gender .
Please tell us your thoughts on the issue by taking this brief survey . It is completely anonymous , but you may choose to leave contact information if you 'd like to share your story with one of our reporters .
Create your own user feedback survey
It seems as though this year is just flying by .
Can you believe Friday is the first of June already ?
Along with all the upcoming festivities this month , one of my personal favorite events is the annual Tonasket Founders ' Day celebration this weekend ...
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan 's wish come true Pause
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement ?
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened ?
By Kristine Guerra
The screaming voices of children can be heard in the 911 call .
No one is talking to the dispatcher . All that can be heard are screams of `` Stop ! '' in the background .
`` Please stop ! Just stop , daddy . Just stop . ''
The call was made Monday night from the home of South Carolina state Representative Chris Corley , a young politician who made headlines last year when they staunchly fought to keep the Confederate flag flying on the statehouse grounds . The screaming voices appear to have come from their three children .
Corley hit their wife in the face and threatened to kill them in front of their children , according to an incident report from the Aiken County Sheriff 's Office . Their wife told investigators that Corley only stopped hitting them because the children were screaming and blood was coming out from their head . They then went out to their vehicle , came back with a handgun and pointed it at their wife , threatened to kill himself , and then went to the bedroom , the report states .
Corley 's wife and children were able to flee to their mother 's house across the street . There , a second 911 call was made .
`` There 's a man threatening to kill their self [ sic ] , '' a woman , presumably Corley 's wife 's mother , can be heard talking . `` He hit their wife . They beat their wife and he 's threatening to kill their self [ sic ] . . . They have a weapon . . . It 's a gun . . . ''
Corley , of Graniteville , S.C. , was arrested on Tuesday and charged with first-degree domestic violence and pointing a firearm at a person , according to an online docket . They told investigators that they and their wife got into a fight because they suspected them of cheating . They said their wife tried to strike them in the face , but they pushed them off him , according to the report .
The 36-year-old Republican lawmaker , who has a law office in Augusta , Georgia , was elected to represent South Carolina 's 84th District in 2014 . They were re-elected without opposition this year .
Continued below .
Related Content Family violence : Athlete 's ex-wife - I kept it hidden Family violence : Fleeing my violent and volatile father Christmas was horrible for us - a child of family violence speaks out
Corley 's arrest comes after a legislative session in which South Carolina lawmakers passed a sweeping reform bill that toughens punishments in domestic violence cases and bars offenders from possessing guns .
In a December 2014 interview with the Aiken Standard , Corley , then newly elected , had some reservations about imposing a gun ban to solve domestic violence .
`` As far as what we can do as government , you know , stiffer mandatory penalties . I do n't know that saying you ca n't have a gun because you get convicted of domestic violence , I do n't know if that 's going to stop someone from future domestic violence , '' Corley said .
But Aiken voted to pass the bill , which includes a partial gun ban . Governor Nikki Haley ( R ) signed it into law in June 2015 .
Corley is , perhaps , best known in South Carolina as the legislator who fiercely fought to keep the confederate flag hoisted in front statehouse .
Lawmakers debated removing the flag last year in the aftermath of the massacre of nine parishioners inside the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church , a historically black church in Charleston , S.C . Among the victims is state Sen. Clementa Pinckney ( D ) . Dylann Roof has been convicted in the murders .
During the lengthy debate last year , Corley suggested replacing it with the white flag of surrender and held up a piece of paper taped to a pencil to illustrate their point , the Associated Press reported .
The flag was removed in July 2015 , a month after the shooting . But Corley refused to give up the fight .
They sponsored a bill that would allow voters to decide on whether to return the flag . The bill went nowhere , the AP reported .
In December 2015 , they sent out Christmas cards to their colleagues that featured a photo of the flag at the statehouse , according to the State . The card read :
`` May your Christmas be filled with memories of a happier time when South Carolina 's leaders possessed morals , convictions and the principles to stand for what is right . . . . May you have a blessed Christmas , and may you take this joyous time as an opportunity to ask for forgiveness of all your sins such as betrayal . ''
They told the State that the card was a message to their fellow lawmakers who `` betrayed the will of their constituents '' by choosing political correctness .
`` You really want to mend racial tension and racial strife ? Do n't go making backroom deals , '' they told the paper . `` You 'll have one group who gets the short end of the stick and make the side even more mad and hurt the goal of bringing all of South Carolina together . ''
Warning : May be distressing for some viewers/ listeners .
Online records show that Corley posted a $ 20,000 bond shortly after their arrest . They were ordered to not contact their wife and was barred from handling a firearm during a brief court hearing on Tuesday , according to the AP .
The felony charges he 's facing carry a total of up to 15 years in prison . If indicted by a grand jury , Corley will be suspended from their post .
A spokesperson for House Speaker Jay Lucas ( R ) told the Post and Courier that the Speaker `` will take the necessary action to comply with the law and maintain the dignity of the House of Representatives '' if or when Corley is indicted .
Susan Selden , director of the Cumbee Center to Assist Abuse Persons in Aiken , S.C. , called for Corley to resign .
`` It sets a bad example for them to remain as a legislator while he 's being investigated for this , '' Selden told the Aiken Standard .
It 's unclear who Corley 's lawyer is . According to the State , their attorney declined to comment and to give their name to reporters after the hearing on Tuesday .
- Washington Post
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) `` Evgeni Malkin scored and picked up an assist in their return from a lower-body injury , Sidney Crosby got their 999th career point with an assist and the Pittsburgh Penguins rolled by the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 .
The quality Mike Sullivan appreciates the most in Malkin is the one that separates the Pittsburgh Penguins star from just about everyone else who happens to do what Malkin does for a living .
`` He 's such a threat when he 's on the ice , '' Sullivan said . `` He 's one of the elite players in the league that has the ability to change the outcome . ''
And do it with style . Malkin celebrated their return from injury with their 23rd goal of the season then added a beautiful feed that set up Phil Kessel 's third-period goal on Tuesday night .
Crosby earned the 999th point of their career with an assist on Jake Guentzel 's goal and Matt Cullen added their ninth of the season for Pittsburgh . Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for their third shutout of the season , and the Penguins remained unbeaten in regulation since the All-Star break ( 5-0-2 ) .
Malkin missed seven games while recovering from an injury sustained during a victory over St. Louis on Jan. 24 . They appeared ready to return last Saturday night in Arizona before Sullivan made Malkin a late scratch just to be sure .
Given another couple of days to rest , Malkin picked up right where they left off before getting hurt . They gave Pittsburgh the lead 5:51 into the second when they stood on the far post , stopped a pass from Olli Maatta with their right skate and tapped it into the net .
`` I tried to score with my stick because sometimes ( if it 's ) off your skates , the coach makes a challenge , '' Malkin said . `` I know the puck was coming . ''
Vancouver 's defense could n't say the same when Malkin and Kessel broke in on Ryan Miller late in the third . Racing down the right wing , Malkin dangled the puck on their stick and waited while defenseman Luca Sbisa slid harmlessly out of the way before slipping it Kessel , who buried it into the open net to make it 3-0 with just over six minutes to go .
Continued below .
Related Content Editorial : Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Your views : Readers letters ' KiwiSaver worth more than $ 36 billion
`` The first time we went 2-on-1 , I tried to pass to them and they tried to pass it back and it did n't work , '' Malkin said . `` Now I passed to them and they shoot . It 's more fun . ''
Miller made 38 saves while under siege for most of the night , particularly in the third as Pittsburgh pulled away .
`` We knew what game we had to play , '' Miller said . `` You saw what happened when we got away from it in the third . We started stretching things out and leaving good ice . It did n't turn out so well . ''
Despite a series of injuries , the defending Stanley Cup champions have managed to keep pace in the supremely tight Metropolitan Division , where the Penguins , Columbus and the New York Rangers are separated by all of two points as they try to keep first-place Washington in striking distance .
Murray was spectacular at times . They snagged Jack Skille 's wrist shot on a breakaway out of midair late in the second and stoned Skille again when they skated in all alone early in the third .
By then , the Penguins were firmly in control after Crosby set up Guentzel 's sixth of the season . The Penguins captain came in having gone scoreless in consecutive games for the first time in nearly a year .
The drought was on its way to stretching to three games heading into the third , but Crosby nudged closer to becoming the 86th NHL player with 1,000 points when they completed a give-and-go by feeding a streaking Guentzel down the slot 2:27 into the third .
`` It 's pretty easy when you 're playing with the best player , '' said Guentzel , a rookie who has six goals in 18 games .
Dive Brief :
The mission of the school library has always been to match resources with those who need them , but schools now need to pursue that mission by creating active spaces designed to connect students and teachers with both print and digital resources and to inspire students to participate in collaborative , creative efforts , District Administration reports .
Many schools are accomplishing this by transforming traditional school libraries into student-friendly learning commons areas with access to computers , whiteboards , couches and maker spaces , as well as reading nooks .
The role of the librarian is also shifting to a more technology-focused role as librarians are expected to not only promote literacy and teach research skills , but also to act as “ champions of digital literacy and technology integration . ”
Dive Insight :
The old image of the school librarian whose main responsibilities were to curate books , help students learn research skills and cultivate a love of reading is gone . Today 's school librarians are expected to be tech-savvy media specialists who pursue all those goals and more . With education 's growing dependence on digital resources and the trend toward personalized learning , school administrators need to find school library and media specialists who can connect students and teachers with the resources they need to both learn and teach .
The school library space needs to change as well . In the past , the school library was a place that students either loved or ignored , based on their personal approach to education . Today , school administrators need to rethink that model by creating an open , comfortable , student-friendly space that invites learning , creativity and collaborative problem-solving . The inclusion of active learning spaces , such as maker spaces where students can experiment with different media forms and elements including Legos , craft supplies and 3-D printers , also creates opportunities for hands-on learning and makes the school library more appealing .
Such conversions of school libraries may seem beyond the reach of schools will limit budgets , but it may be less costly than first imagined . Most schools have an existing library or other large room which could be converted for the purpose , so construction costs should be minimal . However , redecorating , furnishing and equipping the space may be more of a challenge . The good news is that such innovative ideas are just the sort of thing some parent and community groups can get behind . With the right fund-raising strategies in place , anything is possible .
A famous Chinese `` rooftopper '' fell to their death from a skyscraper in a daring $ 21,000 challenge as they sought to use their fame to help lift their family out of poverty , media reported .
Wu Yongning , 26 , fell from the summit of the 62-storey Huayuan Hua Centre in the central city of Changsha , apparently as they tried to scoop 100,000 yuan ( $ 21,000 ) for a clip promoting an unnamed sponsor , reports say .
The former movie stuntman had one million followers on the Chinese internet and was well known for fearlessly scaling towering skyscrapers without safety equipment , the Telegraph reported .
More than 300 videos of them tip-toeing on scaffolding or doing pull-ups as they hung from huge buildings were widely shared by their fans .
Advertisement
However , their account on Sina Weibo , China 's version of Twitter , went silent about a month ago after they purportedly attempted the Changsha skyscraper .
The former movie stuntman was well known for fearlessly scaling towering skyscrapers without safety equipment . Photo / QQ / Weibo
And last Friday their girlfriend wrote online : `` Today is December 8th . It makes me think of November 8th , the day you left us and left this world . ''
The Changsha Evening News said Wu was seeking to make money for their poverty-stricken family and pay medical costs for their mother , who suffers from a mental condition .
Local officials said authorities would support their family following the accident .
Police confirmed that Wu died when they fell from the Huayuan Hua Centre on November 8 , reports said .
Their family were quoted in a news portal run by Beijing News that they were due to receive a huge cash payout for a two-minute clip on a Changsha skyscraper on the same date .
Uta Passow , a researcher in UCSB 's Marine Science Institute , spent most of the past year in the Gulf of Mexico analyzing the environmental impact of oil spilled as a result of the Deepwater Horizon disaster in April 2010 . Thanks to new funding by the Gulf of Mexico Research Initiative , their scientific studies will continue for the next three years .
The GRI , created in part with funds from British Petroleum , which owned the Deepwater Horizon rig , recently announced a $ 112.5 million award to fund eight research consortia in the Gulf for the next three years . These teams will investigate the fate of petroleum in the environment , the impacts of the spill , and the development of new tools and technology for responding to future spills and improving mitigation and restoration .
Passow is part of a consortium led by Raymond Highsmith of the University of Mississippi . The team 's assignment will be “ Ecosystem Impacts of Oil and Gas Inputs in the Gulf of Mexico , ” with funding of $ 22.5 million for three years . Other institutions on the team are the University of Southern Mississippi , the University of Georgia , Florida State University , the Georgia Institute of Technology , Temple University , Oregon State University , Pennsylvania State University , Columbia University , the University of Maryland , the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , the University of Texas and the J. Craig Venter Institute .
Passow arrived at UCSB as a postdoctoral researcher in 1991 and stayed until 2000 . They then left to take a research job in Germany for seven years , returning to UCSB in 2009 . At UCSB , they have been studying ocean acidification and working on the Gulf oil project . Them expertise is in carbon cycling and the biological pump , a suite of biological processes that transport carbon from the water 's surface to the ocean 's depths .
“ This has become really important because the surface of the ocean stands in equilibrium with the atmosphere , and the ocean takes up about a third of the fossil fuel we 've been putting out so far , ” Passow said . “ A fair amount of this carbon , which is high in the surface ocean , gets transferred to depths and is just removed from the atmosphere over a period of hundreds to thousands of years . That 's what the biological pump does . It 's called a pump because the carbon moves against the gradient . Organisms and particles fall down , and , once they get to the deep ocean , it takes a thousand years for the particles to come back up . ”
The Deepwater Horizon accident was different from other spills , Passow said , because the oil was leaked at great depths , and then distributed into the water current . Some of it came to the surface , while a large amount wound up in the sediments .
“ So the question is , did it go to the sediments directly ? ” Passow said . “ Did it come up the surface and then go down again ? When we saw the pictures , I knew that we had to use sediment traps to hang at depths and see what falls into them as the particles sink . ”
For the past year , their trap has been sampling sinking particles near the site of the oil spill in the Gulf . This research was funded by a Rapid Response Grant from the National Science Foundation . With the new funding , more traps will be added , so the research area will be widening .
“ It 's a continuation of what we 've been doing , and an expansion , ” Passow said . “ What is clear after this accident is we do n't really have a clear understanding of what happens to oil when it is released at great depths .
“ It 's made up of 10,000 substances and the distribution is very complex . The goal is to try to understand how it gets distributed in the water , the physics and chemistry of it . Another part is to see how it affects the ecosystems , both in the water column and in the sediment . ”
The GRI Research Board is an independent body established by BP to administer the company 's 10-year , $ 500 million commitment to independent research into the effects of the Deepwater Horizon incident . Through a series of competitive grant programs , the GRI is investigating the impacts of the oil , dispersed oil , and dispersant on the ecosystems of the Gulf of Mexico and the affected coastal States , in a broad context of improving fundamental understanding of the dynamics of such events and their environmental stresses and public health implications . The GRI also funds research that improves techniques for detecting oil and gas , spill mitigation and technologies to characterize and remediate spills . Knowledge accrued will be applied to restoration and improvement of the long-term environmental health of the Gulf of Mexico .
ANKARA : Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday angrily rejected criticism by international monitors of a referendum granting them extra powers that was disputed by the opposition and exposed bitter divisions in the country .
The referendum was seen as crucial not just for shaping Turkey 's political system but also the future strategic direction of a nation that has been a NATO member since 1952 and a European Union hopeful for half a century .
Returning in triumph to their presidential palace in Ankara , Erdoğan addressed thousands of supporters gathered outside , telling monitors who criticised the poll : “ Know your place . ”
Showing no sign of pulling their punches , Erdoğan said Turkey could hold further referendums on its EU bid and re-introducing the death penalty .
The “ Yes ” camp won 51.41 percent in Sunday 's referendum , according to complete results released by election authorities .
But the opposition immediately cried foul , claiming a clean vote would have made a difference of several percentage points and handed them victory .
The main opposition Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) and the pro-Kurdish Peoples ' Democratic Party ( HDP ) said they would challenge the results from most ballot boxes due to alleged violations .
“ There is only one decision to ease the situation in the context of the law — the Supreme Election Board ( YSK ) should annul the vote , ” the Dogan news agency quoted CHP deputy leader Bulent Tezcan as saying .
The referendum has no “ democratic legitimacy ” , HDP spokesperson and lawmaker Osman Baydemir told reporters in Ankara .
US President Donald Trump called Erdoğan to congratulate them on their victory , while EU leaders gave more reserved responses .
The White House said Trump spoke with Erdoğan “ to congratulate them on their recent referendum victory ” and to discuss Syria and the fight against the Islamic State group .
There were protests in Istanbul with a few thousand people crowding the anti-Erdogan Besiktas and Kadikoy districts , blowing whistles and chanting “ We are shouldered to shoulder against fascism ” .
Others brandished viral hashtag slogans from the referendum night like “ The ‘ No ' is not finished ” and “ ‘ No ' has won ” .
‘ Unlevel playing field '
The opposition had already complained of an unfair campaign that saw the “ Yes ” backers swamp the airwaves and use billboards across the country in a saturation advertising campaign .
International observers agreed the campaign was conducted on an “ unlevel playing field ” and that the vote count itself was marred by procedural changes that removed key safeguards .
“ The legal framework… remained inadequate for the holding of a genuinely democratic referendum , ” the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights ( ODIHR ) and the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe ( PACE ) monitors said in a statement .
The Turkish opposition was particularly incensed by a decision by the YSK to allow voting papers without official stamps to be counted , which they said opened the way for fraud .
“ Late changes in counting procedures removed an important safeguard , ” said Cezar Florin Preda , head of the PACE delegation .
But Erdoğan told the mission to “ know your place ” , saying Turkey had no intention of paying any attention to the report .
They added : “ This country held the most democratic polls that have never been seen in any other country in the West . ”
‘ End of the dream '
Erdoğan earlier congratulated cheering supporters at Ankara 's airport for “ standing tall ” in the face of the “ crusader mentality ” of the West .
Getting back to business as usual , their cabinet swiftly extended by another three months the already nine month state of emergency imposed after last July 's failed coup .
There were also signs of a looming crisis with the EU .
Erdoğan reaffirmed they would now hold talks on reinstating capital punishment — a move that would automatically end Turkey 's EU bid — and would hold a referendum if it did not get enough votes in parliament to become law .
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said that if Ankara were to bring back the death penalty , the move would be “ synonymous with the end of the European dream ” .
In an interview in the Bild newspaper to be published Tuesday , they warned Turkey that “ joining would not work right now ” .
Erdoğan said Turkey could hold a referendum on the membership bid . “ What George , Hans or Helga say does not interest us , ” they said , using typical European names .
‘ Big cities say No '
Turkey 's new political system is due to come into effect after elections in November 2019 , although Erdoğan is expected to rapidly rejoin the ruling Justice Development Party ( AKP ) they founded but had to leave when they became president .
It would dispense with the prime minister 's post and centralise the entire executive bureaucracy under the president , giving Erdoğan the direct power to appoint ministers .
Erdoğan 's victory was far tighter than expected , emerging only after several nail-biting hours late Sunday which saw the “ No ” result dramatically catch up .
Turkey 's three largest cities — Istanbul , Ankara and Izmir — all voted “ No ” although “ Yes ” prevailed in Erdoğan 's Anatolian heartland . AFP
AFP/CC
Let us entertain you ! We use cookies to ensure we can continue to deliver a personalised service , just for you . This is why we and our trusted Commerce Partners use 'cookies ' to remember and store information about how you use our site .
If you would like to find out more , please read our updated Cookies Policy . You can also find more information in our updated Privacy Policy .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Graduate teaching and research assistants at Columbia University have walked off the job to try to pressure the university to recognize their decision to unionize .
The graduate students set up a picket line outside the main campus administration building Tuesday . They say their strike will last one week .
Teaching and research assistants at Columbia voted overwhelmingly in 2016 for representation by the United Auto Workers . The university said in January that it would not bargain with the graduate students .
Provost John Coatsworth said the university would instead ask a federal appeals court to rule on whether student assistants are workers with the right to collective bargaining .
Advertisement
Columbia administrators did not immediately comment on the strike .
The last day of classes at Columbia is April 30 . Finals start May 4 .
The Maui Humane Society received a four-year $ 1 Million grant today , March 19 , 2018 , from The Dave & Cheryl Duffield Foundation , a private charitable foundation .
Over the course of the next four years , this grant will be used to support full funding of the Wings of Aloha transfer program , hiring a new full-time Cat Program Coordinator , providing Humane Alliance training , upgrading cat housing , purchasing a new transport vehicle as well as additional equipment needed for the MHS Spay & Neuter clinic .
In addition , a grant in support of a full-time Foster Coordinator was received from Maddie 's Fund® , a national family foundation established by Dave and Cheryl Duffield to revolutionize the status and well-being of companion animals .
“ We are grateful to the Dave & Cheryl Duffield Foundation for believing in the game-changing work we are doing on behalf of Maui 's homeless animals . Thanks to Maddie , the little dog that inspired a revolution , we can help more animals than ever , ” said Jerleen Bryant , Maui Humane Society CEO .
Each year the Maui Humane Society helps thousands of animals , taking in over 6,000 animals to shelter and serving many times that number through community outreach programs . Equally important , through its programs and services , MHS is able to provide support for Maui 's approximately 90,000 pet owners as well as Animal Management Services for the County of Maui .
“ Maui Humane Society 's work and leadership are both extraordinary . We are proud to support their efforts and to help enhance lifesaving and well-being services for companion animals on Maui , ” said Dave Duffield .
For more information about Maui Humane Society , click here .
After playing their entire NFL career in a 4-3 defense , Ndamukong Suh will transition to an odd front in Los Angeles this season . Suh signed a one-year deal worth $ 14 million fully guaranteed this offseason , a contract that came after the Dolphins released them three years into a six-year deal .
The Rams will play them at nose tackle in their 3-4 defense , a position they have n't played in the NFL . He 's moved all over the defensive line throughout their career , but lining up as a 1-technique is n't something he 's overly familiar with . They said “ nothing 's really different ” when it comes to learning a 3-4 defense , but the terminology varies .
So far , they seem to be fitting in well with the Rams .
“ He 's just trying to find where they fit in this defense , ” Michael Brockers said , via the L.A. Times . “ And I think he 's jelling in perfectly . ”
The Rams are without their best defensive player in Aaron Donald , whose holdout will likely continue until they get a new contract . As a result , Suh has yet to line up next to their fellow All-Pro defensive lineman , but he 's not worried .
When Donald returns , the two will hit the ground running .
“ I do n't think there was a problem last year when they missed , ” Suh said during their press conference Wednesday . “ I do n't think there will be a problem this year .
“ I do n't think it will be an issue by any means . He 's a great player and I look forward to them coming back . ”
While Donald remains away from the team , Suh continues to put in work both on the field and off it . They train regularly back home in Portland at Nike 's facility , which they share countless videos of on Instagram .
You could call them a gym rat , but he 's equally dedicated to practicing with their teammates .
“ I 'm a guy , I never miss practice . I pride myself on that . I think I missed one time because I was sick , could n't get out of bed . So my biggest thing is coming in fit , making sure I 'm prepared , whether I 'm doing that in Portland with some of the best facilities at Nike or doing it down here with a great guy like Ted [ Rath ] .
“ The one thing I wo n't miss is practice . I pride myself on being there , understanding what we have to do . And to play this game , you 've got to have your teammates and they have to have you . ”
Suh will be a big part of the Rams ' defense , especially considering how bad they were against the run a year ago . Hopefully Donald can get back to the team sooner rather than later , though , getting the whole defensive line together before training camp kicks off .
A bull died at the Pukemanu Bullride in Martinborough last night , prompting criticism from animal rights advocates .
New Zealand Rodeo Cowboys ' Association president Lyal Cocks said the bull was euthanised at the event after suffering a broken leg .
They were not present and did not know the circumstances , but said the death would be investigated by the association .
SAFE ( Save Animals From Exploitation ) campaigns director Mandy Carter said in a press release that spectators told them the distressed bull was salivating and bellowing after breaking their leg .
Advertisement
`` Observers said they dragged themselves out of the ring , and was reportedly euthanised . It is appalling that a bull has apparently lost their lives at a rodeo .
`` Great suffering will have been caused , and purely for the sake of entertainment . Not only do these animals endure stress and fear every time they are forced to perform in the ring , they also risk injury and death . ''
SAFE has long campaigned for the rodeos to be banned .
`` Events like these are nothing more than animal cruelty and have no place in a modern New Zealand . ''
Cocks said they operated under the Ministry for Primary Industries ' code of welfare , but accidents could happen , as in any sport .
Carter also took aim was how bullride events were run - they said bulls were forced to wear a tight flank strap , cowboys ' spurs `` added to their torment '' and investigators at New Zealand rodeo events had filmed bulls being riled up into performing .
This included shocks with electric prods , jabbing or kicking , and having dirt rubbed in their faces .
`` Despite the reputation bulls have as powerful and aggressive , they are simply prey animals fighting for their lives . They do n't know that this is being done just for 'fun ' . ''
Protests had taken place outside the bullride last night , matching anti-rodeo pickets at other events . Sixty-two-thousands people had also signed a petition last year calling for a rodeo ban , Carter said .
Cocks said the flank rope criticised by SAFE was padded with sheepskin , as is required in New Zealand , and firm , but not tight .
`` It 's nothing more than a piece of harness ... so the bull knows it 's time to compete . Contract bulls are used to this . ''
They did not know if the dead bull was a contract bull .
There were strict national guidelines about the use of spurs , which were followed , they said .
Cocks also called allegations bulls were riled up into performing `` totally false '' .
`` These animals are very expensive , well cared for , healthy ... why would we do that do animals we cherish ? ''
The organisation might have captured footage of mistreatment `` years ago '' , but the sport had evolved since then , they said .
Adele Arakawa moderates a debate with then-Mayoral candidates , Michael Hancok , left , and Chris Romer , at the Seawell Grand Ballroom in the DCPA . ( Andy Cross , The Denver Post )
Adele Arakawa , outgoing 9News anchor who ruled the Denver market 's TV ratings for 24 years , is weaning themselves off TV news . She 's even allowing themselves to watch “ CBS This Morning ” instead of their station 's affiliated “ Today ” on NBC .
Heading toward their June 30 departure from the KUSA-Channel 9 anchor desks , they claim they wo n't miss the grind . They say she 's ready for a life centered around golf at the home in Tucson which they and husband Barry Tiller upsized to four years ago . They play golf two or three times a week . ( Her handicap is now 18 . “ I hope to get it down to single digits , ” they said . )
Them timing is perfect : With local TV news in decline and media generally at a crossroads , Arakawa is getting out on top — while the industry is still recognizable . The era of huge anchor salaries is past . The corporate pressure to focus more on the bottom line and less on idealistic journalism is a given .
The game has changed .
In the old days “ we had a 45 share ” ( or percentage of the viewing audience ) . “ Now we celebrate a 4 or 5 share , ” they said .
The timing is right for their personally , too . Arakawa will be 60 in August ; Barry will be 70 in September ; and their 40th anniversary is in July .
“ We 're at a symbolic point in our lives . ”
They will have one contractual obligation in Denver , not connected to media . It 's “ a company I 've had a relationship with , a fun project ” for one year with an option to extend . “ That 's all I 'll say. ” But she 's done with TV .
( Last week , KUSA-Channel 9 announced that Kim Christiansen will join Kyle Clark and Kathy Sabine on the NBC affiliate 's 10 p.m. news team , following Arakawa 's departure . )
On a recent Sunday at their home in Lone Tree , dressed in white shorts and top and with a tee time in the offing , Arakawa sent their husband out for golf balls and settled into the corner of a vast sofa to speak of their good fortune .
They 'll only take four of their cars to Arizona , they said . They 're giving two to the kids ( her son and their wife ) . A close circle of friends awaits in Tucson , where the couple has kept a second home for years .
They have stopped racing their 911 Porsche race car competitively . “ My car got old , then I got old. ” But they still drive a road course , a track they described as a cross between Formula 1 and the Grand Prix .
The house is sold , she 's getting rid of belongings , she 's letting go as much as an admitted Type-A personality can . They even wanted to unload the several Emmy Awards lining a shelf next to the giant safe in the den . “ My husband said I should wait . ”
They have obsessively planned whirlwind travel in coming months to Europe , Sonoma , North Carolina , with stops in Denver for black-tie charity events and to pick up an award ( she 'll be inducted into the Denver Press Club 's Hall of Fame in September ) , then a trip to Japan .
They seem less interested in discussing the industry they are leaving than the future they are launching .
Despite the erosion of the TV news audience , they predict “ local TV news will continue to exist , ” even as more people are driven to the online platform . They anticipate “ a shakeout of stations . There will be a few survivors of local news . You 're seeing a transition in this market . I did live in the Golden Age of TV news … . In the future , there will be fewer local news operations. ” They anticipate more takeovers , more mergers .
They also expect more innovative efforts along the lines of Kyle Clark 's “ Next , ” which they called “ a toe in the water ” encouraged by TEGNA .
The content has changed . The blatant cross-promotional aspects are accepted now . “ I 've been there , done that , fought those battles , ” they said .
Even as the industry tilts toward MMJs ( multi-media journalists , who act as reporter-photographer-editor in one ) , it will be up to the young recruits “ to retain some semblance of journalistic integrity . ”
She 'd like to be remembered as “ somebody who gave a damn , who cared passionately about what went on air every day . I really cared , ” they said , tearing up . “ It sounds so cliche , ” they said , wiping them eyes .
“ I wo n't get overly melancholy about it , ” they said , “ but I will miss the people I worked with . ”
They claim they wo n't miss the showbiz acclaim that came with their very public persona . ( She recalls someone yelling their name in the reverential quiet of St. Peter 's Basilica in the Vatican . “ There 's no escape. ” ) But they know they will miss the breaking news days . “ You live for that adrenaline rush . ”
Arakawa is philosophical even as they speed through their day , organizing , planning , exercising , connecting and competing . “ Life is a series of passages , this is a whole new chapter . It 's like driving a race car : Always look ahead . That 's my mantra in life . ”
Them husband , back with the golf balls , confirmed their type-A traits . They marveled at their energy for details , their non-stop planning . When it was suggested that some type-As have a tough time with retirement , Barry paused and answered thoughtfully : “ It 's a possibility . ”
A London-based investment syndicate is to invest €3 million into Irish start-ups over the next three years .
This is the second international syndicate of its kind to be assembled in recent months by the Halo Business Angel Network ( HBAN ) , a joint initiative of InterTradeIreland and Enterprise Ireland .
More than 10 investors have already signed up to the UK-based syndicate , which is being led by experienced entrepreneur and angel investor Harry McDermott . The members come from a wide variety of backgrounds including finance , technology , telecoms , medtech and fintech , and have significant experience investing in start-up companies .
Mr McDermott heads Cupertino Partners , having previously founded and sold Hudson and Yorke , which was later rebranded as Wavestone . They are also an associate director with the consulting and IT services sector mergers-and-acquisitions specialist Equiteq .
Ambitions to export
The London syndicate aims to invest in up to six Irish companies over the next 12 months . Investors are primarily looking for start-ups that have ambitions to expand into export markets , including the UK .
“ There is a real appetite among the London-based Irish community to invest in high-potential Irish start-ups , particularly in the technology and medtech sectors . We 've seen the success of other HBAN companies , so it comes as no surprise that our members are eager to invest in similarly unique opportunities , ” said Mr McDermott .
“ The key factors for our members to invest are the global potential of the company , having a lead investor in the deal and the Seed Enterprise Investment Scheme , ” they added .
Earlier this year , HBAN announced a collaboration with the the Digital Irish Angels syndicate in New York , which was established by the Digital Irish group in 2015 .
Having already backed a number of start-ups including Brightflag , Deposify and ProVerum Medical , the New York-based syndicate aims to back a further four to five companies over the next 12 months , with a $ 150,000- $ 250,000 investment in each deal over the next three years .
HBAN serves as a go-between to bring start-ups and investors together . HBAN angels have invested more than €80 million in Irish start-ups over the last 10 years .
Upgrade your summer style with the help of your favorite celebrities . This is the season where you can get away with the most skin-baring outfits . Slide through this article to see the hottest A-list summer looks .
Lais Ribeiro
The Victoria 's Secret beauty donned a multicolored jungle print set that covers only what 's necessary . Them sexy outfit is perfect for sipping cocktails at the beach bar .
Mayor Alan Arakawa answers some of the questions submitted to their staff .
Submit your own questions about County of Maui programs , services , operations or policies to Mayor Alan Arakawa at AskTheMayor @ mauicounty.gov , 270-7855 or mail them to 200 S. High St. , 9th Floor , Wailuku , HI 96793 .
Questions submitted will be considered for inclusion in the “ Ask the Mayor ” column .
Hello Mayor :
Q : The road near Rice Park is very bumpy . Any chance it will be repaved anytime in the near future ?
A : Our Public Works Department says the project to resurface Lower Kula Road was bid out recently , with construction anticipated to begin in Spring 2018 . The resurfacing will run from the intersection of Naalae Road past the park to Kula Highway .
When it comes to city living , small is the new smart . With house prices on the rise , square footage at a premium and a plethora of television programmes singing the praises of scaled-down spaces , the small terraced houses of Dublin 's inner suburbs offer an affordable and attractive option , not just for first-time buyers but for downsizers seeking a civilised life within easy reach of the city centre .
Imagine yourself living among Kilmainham 's tranquil backstreets . Fancy going to town for a coffee ? You can either set off on foot , or hop on to a nearby Luas . Heading to Sligo for a surfing weekend ? The M50 is moments away . Need to reconnect with nature ? The Phoenix Park is on your doorstep .
Two terraced homes have just come on to the market in this historic part of Dublin .
Number 9 Bow Bridge is a three-bedroom house in a quiet residential enclave that is for sale at €365,000 .
The sittingroom of 9 Bow Bridge
One of the three bedrooms at 9 Bow Bridge
It has 71 sq m ( 764 sq ft ) of living space with an entrance hall leading straight into a porcelain-tiled sittingroom ; the kitchen is fitted with floor and eye-level units , and a glass patio door leads into an enclosed rear courtyard . Upstairs are three bedrooms , one with built-in wardrobes , and a family bathroom . The BER rating is G .
6 Brookfield Road , Kilmainham , Dublin 8 : Larger than it looks from the outside
Number 6 Brookfield Road is a two-bedroom house just off the South Circular Road and it is asking €400,000 . Larger than it looks from the outside , it has just over 90 sq m ( 980 sq ft ) of living space that has been very well maintained by its current owners .
Patio doors open on to the paved rear garden area
The rear garden at 6 Brookfield Road
A spacious hallway leads to a sittingroom at the front , while an open-plan kitchen/diner at the rear has double doors to a small but perfectly-formed rear garden . Upstairs are two double bedrooms , one with an exposed brick wall , and the family bathroom . The BER rating is E1 .
Both houses will be on open view next Saturday April 22nd , and both are for sale through Sherry FitzGerald : 6 Brookfield Road from 10.15am to 10.45 , 9 Bow Bridge from 11am to 11.30 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bus services across Birmingham started to return to normal as of late Monday ( December 11 ) after the severe weather .
However , while they may be running to the correct timetable , a number of buses have had to change their route entirely due to ice and snow that has affected the region over the weekend .
The Met Office issued a yellow weather warning for ice for Tuesday and road surfaces are expected to suffer as a result .
Below is a list of all the services in Birmingham still affected by the weather .
( Image : Graham Young )
Service 1 ( Acocks Green ) - will use main roads only via Olton Boulevard East and Gospel Lane . Currently unable to serve Gospel Oak .
Service 3 ( Yardley Wood ) - unable to serve School Road or Ravenshill Road .
Service 4 ( Walsall ) - not serving Corporation Street in Walsall . Towards Walsall the bus will turn at West Bromwich Road left down Broadway West , right at Bescot Road , right at Wednesbury Road and then follows normal route . ( Diversion applies in both directions )
Service 4M - not serving Rowley Regis Hospital . Not serving Corporation Street in Walsall . Towards Walsall the bus will turn at West Bromwich Road left down Broadway West , right at Bescot Road , right at Wednesbury Road and then follows normal route . ( Diversion applies in both directions )
Service 4H - will terminate at Blackheath . Not serving Corporation Street in Walsall . Towards Walsall the bus will turn at West Bromwich Road left down Broadway West , right at Bescot Road , right at Wednesbury Road and then follows normal route . ( Diversion applies in both directions )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Service 5 ( Acocks Green ) - will run along main roads only , currently unable to serve New Road , Franholems Drive , Shelley Cresecent , Kedleston Road , Baldwins Lane , Newborough Road
Service 5 ( West Bromwich ) - normal line of route , currently unable to serve Pheasey estate .
Service 5 ( Wolverhampton ) - will follow the 5A route
Service 6 ( Wolverhampton ) - will follow the 5 route , Lowlands Avenue , Lower Street , Pendeford Avenue and will rejoin normal route
Service 8 ( Walsall ) - from High Street the service will turn onto Highfield Road , then turn right onto Norton Road then back to it 's normal route
Services 10 & 10A ( Walsall ) - will run to Brownhills only .
Services 11 & 13 ( Walsall ) - Normal except - Castle Hill into Dudley bus station .
Service 11 ( Wolverhampton ) - Tennyson Rd is now too icy , service terminating at The Scotlands Island .
Service 14 - will run to Pine Square only . Only on journeys to Birmingham from Nechells Parkway the bus will turn right down Dartmouth Middleway , left at Aston Road , left at James Watt Queensway then back on normal route
Service 18 - buses will terminate at Northfield .
Services 22 & 23 - are operating between Birmingham and Clapgate Lane only via Northfield Rd serving part of Woodgate ( Stonehouse Hill/Lane , Jiggins Lane , Bartley Green , and Kitwell are not being served )
Service 24 - is running on diversion via Ridgacre Road and Quinton Road West where they are terminating ( Ridgacre Lane , Highfield Road and Simmons Drive are not being served )
Service 25 - Missing out Goldthorn Park and continuing along Parkfield Rd/Goldthorn Hill in both directions
Service 27 - unable to serve Glastonbury Road , Chinn Brook Road , Bournville , West Heath , Hawkseley and will terminate at Northfield .
Service 27A - Normal except Longfellow Road , Missing out Goldthorn Park and continuing along Goldthorn Hill and Wolverhampton Rd East in both
directions .
Service 27 ( Yardley Wood ) - buses will run between Maypole and Northfield only .
Service 28 - only serving between Heartlands Hospital and Dyas Road .
Service 29 - will run between Birmingham and Northfield only via War Lane & Northfield Road . currently unable to serve Harborne Park Road , Quinton Road and Stonehouse Hill/Lane .
Service 31 - will run to main roads only , currently unable to serve Severne Road , Tavistock Road , Broom Hall Crescent and will be using Gospel Lane only .
Service 33 - normal line of route , buses will terminate at Kingstanding Cricle .
Services 34 & 39 - will run to main roads only , currently unable to service Bilston .
Service 35 ( Yardley Wood ) - service terminates at Parsons Hill & Brandwood Road , Grove Road in both directions
Service 41 - Not serving Poets Corner or Beacon Estates
Services 42 & 43 ( West Bromwich ) - unable to serve Cupfield Avenue and Salter road and will use Ocker Hill Island .
Service 44 - currently unable to serve Harvills Estate and will run along main road Dial Lane .
Service 45 ( West Bromwich ) - missing Milton Street and Beacon View Road in both directions .
Service 46 ( Perry Barr ) - unable to serve Unett Street .
Service 45 - currently terminating at Kings Norton .
Service 47 - currently terminating at Kings Norton .
Service 47 ( West Brom ) - currently unable to serve Millfields Estate , using Woden Road South .
Services 48 & 48A - unable to serve Abbey Road .
Service 49 ( West Bromwich ) - currently unable to serve Brandhall Estate , using Wolverhampton Road to Bearwood .
Service 49 ( Yardley Wood ) - service terminates at Northfield .
Service 50 - unable to serve Bells Lane terminus due to ice . Buses will proceed and turn around at Parson Hill .
Service 50A ( Yardley Wood ) - unable to serve Wythall .
Service 51 - not serving One Stop Interchange .
Services 52 & 52A - normal line of route , buses will terminate by Clifton traffic lights .
Service 54 - currently not running .
Service 55 - only on journeys to Birmingham from Nechells Parkway the bus will turn right down Dartmouth Middleway , left at Aston Road , left at James Watt Queensway then back on normal route
Service 62 - missing out Gatis Street and Farndale Avenue . Using Craddock Street and Hordern Road
Service 62A - missing out Gatis Street and Farndale Avenue . Using Craddock Street and Hordern Road
Service 63 - will run between Birmingham and Longbridge only ( Rubery Village and Holly Hill are not being served ) .
Service 65 - will run to normal line route to the city . From City buses are using Short Heath Road & Witton Logde Road .
Service 66 - to Birmingham from Nechells Parkway bus will go down Dartmourh Middleway , left at Aston Road , left at James Watt Queensway then will follow its normal route .
Service 67 - will terminate at Spitfire Island
Service 69 ( Wolverhampton ) - will use main roads , currently unable to serve Coppice Farm Estate .
Service 70 - Not using Wolverhampton Road in Bloxwich . At the terminus it will turn left and use Park Road , then turn left onto Litchfield Road and over the lights onto Bell Lane .
Service 71 - to Sutton Coldfield from Spitfire Island it will go onto Chester Road then Kingsbury Road then normal route from Minworth Island . ( This is reversed if travelling in opposite direction to Chelmsley Wood )
Service 76 - will use Pershore Road , Pebble Mill Road , Bristol Road ( currently unable to serve Dawlish Rd and Warwards Lane )
Service 77 - missing out the crescent Blackwood Road , Bridle Lane and George Fredrick .
Service 79 - buses ca n't currently serve Darlaston Interchange .
Services 80/80A - currently unable to serve Devonshire Road Windmill Lane .
Service 81 ( Wolverhampton ) - main roads - Dudley to Merry Hill - Flood Street , Duncan Edwards Way , Pear Tree Lane , Pedmore Road then the normal route . ( Church Rd & Farm Rd Netherton inacessable )
Service 82 ( West Bromwich ) - unable to serve Bearwood Station and will turn at the Bear Tavern .
Service 89 - will use main roads will not be able to serve all side streets including Trevor Road .
Service 89 ( West Bromwich ) - unable to serve Kenrick Park , Brasshouse Lane , Londonderry Lane and Hales Lane .
Service 94 - to Birmingham from Nechells Parkway bus will go down Dartmourh Middleway , left at Aston Road , left at James Watt Queensway then will follow it 's normal route .
Service 96 - will run to Kingstanding via Buckingham Road and Windwardway to continue normal line of route . At Witton lodge Road , Collage Road and onto Brackenbury Road .
Service 98 - will run between Birmingham and Longbridge only ( Rednal , Hare and Hounds and Rubery Great Park are not being served ) .
Service 101 - is terminating at Upland Road .
Service 120 - is currently avoiding Oakham Road & City Road - using 126 route between Tividale and Dudley Bus station .
Service 120A - unable to serve Hanover road , Lionfarm Estate and Rowley Regis .
Service 121 - is currently avoiding Oakham Road & City Road - using 126 route between Tividale and Dudley Bus station .
Service 127 - unable to serve Abby Road .
Service 154 - will run as normal but is currently unable to serve Hednesford .
Services 205 - currently unable to serve Russell 's Hall estate .
Service 222 - not serving Chapel Street , Tennyson Street or Russels Hall Estate , High Oak to Hospital
Service 243 - currently unable to serve Timbertree / Valley Road . Unable to use Mogul Lane / Bower Lane , operating via Quarry Bank High Street .
Service 244 - From Quinton Island will turn left onto Quinton Expressway , over the Motorway Island onto Manor Way , then Grange Rd . Currently unable to serve Hawne Lane ( using Furnace Hill instead ) and Welsh House Farm , operating via West Boulavard to Harborne .
Services 255 - currently not Serving Billy Buns Lane - Bullmeadow Lane ( using Stourbridge Rd A449 to Gilbert Lane ) serving Wall Heath . The Portway in Kingswinford is unserviceable , Continuing straight down Market St in both directions then normal route to Merry Hill .
Service 257 - missing Stickley , Ellowes Road and Aintree Way .
Service 276 - From Lye to will continue along Pedmore Road , Grange Road to continue normal line of route . Towards Dudley Grange Road via Grange Lane to Lye normal line of route . Unable to serve Cross Walks and Wynal Lane .
Service 289 - unable to serve Harvest Road . Service will miss out the Brickhouse estate , then normal line of route to Coxs Lane then via Powke Lane to Blackheath . NOT SERVING ROWLEY HOSPITAL .
Service 301 - not using Wolverhampton Road in Bloxwich . Diversion via Elmore Green Road
Service 907A - currently not running .
Services 934 , 936 & 937 - will run to main roads only . Currently unable to service The Crescent Walsall , Daffodil Road ( keeping to Sutton Road ) , A Hundred Acre Road and Pheasey Church .
Service 937A - Service is missing Lazy Hill and using Northgate and Lindon Road then left onto normal route . Diversion from Rough Road , left onto Chester Road , left onto Foley Road West then normal route to Aldridge .
Service 997 - will run to main roads only , currently unable to serve Shady Lane .
Service X1 - will run between Birmingham and Coventry via A45/Birmingham Rd ( Meriden , Allesley Village and Parkhill Drive are not being served ) .
Service X10 - will use Manor Way and Kent Road unable to serve Manor Way or Cradley interchange .
Services X3 , X4 & X5 & X14 - will run to main roads only .
Service X12 - Chipperfield Road is too dangerous to serve , buses are using Bromford lane and Coleshill Road in both directions
Service X61 - will run between Birmingham and Northfield only ( Raven Hays & Holly Hill is not being served ) .
Service X64 - will run between Birmingham and Selly Oak only ( Weoley Castle , Bangham Pit , Bartley Green and Woodgate are not being served ) .
Service X96 - Dudley to Stourbridge ONLY . Unable to serve Waterfront Way , using Pedmore Road . Merry Hill via the Boulavard due to the Embankment being too dangerous to use . Unable to use Church Avenue / Penfields Road , will use Vicarage Road , Amblecote High Street onto Stourbridge Ring Road .
Service X70 - not serving Hall Rd , Chester Rd , Beechcroft Rd , and Parkfield Drive as well as Coleshill Parkway . Chipperfield Road is now too dangerous , buses are using Bromford lane and Coleshill Road in both directions .
Amazon services A5 , A51 , A52 - will run as normal but can not serve Cannock town centre .
Megan told Wes they still liked him , despite moving on with Alex .
Love Island viewers have branded Megan Barton Hanson “ a puppet master ” , accusing them of dangling Wes Nelson on a string .
The pair had been getting close before the boys moved into Casa Amor , but when Wes returned to the villa they found Megan had chosen to move on with newcomer Alex Miller , leaving them single .
In Wednesday night 's episode of the ITV2 show , Megan approached Wes and insisted they still wanted to be friends , claiming they still had feelings for them and asking for a hug . They later confessed to still fancying him .
It went down badly with fans who accused the model of playing a game and trying to keep Wes on standby in case their romance with Alex hits the rocks .
One person said on Twitter : “ Lmaooo megan had this talk with wes to set them up as a plan B. talking about how they still want to have “ a laugh with him ” and they took it .
“ Wow wow they need to hold a seminar on how to play * THE GAME * . ”
lmaooo megan had this talk with wes to set them up as a plan B. talking about how they still want to have `` a laugh with him '' and they took it . wow wow they need to hold a seminar on how to play * THE GAME * # LoveIsland — triquetra ☽ ( @ leobutnotone ) July 4 , 2018
“ Megan is just dangling Wes on a string like a puppet master , ” said another .
Megan is just dangling Wes on a string like a puppet master # LoveIsland — Marissa Thomas ⚽ ( @ marissatom16 ) July 4 , 2018
One said : “ Megan is basically saying if Alex messes up then Wes you 're back in the game . ”
Megan is basically saying if Alex messes up then Wes you 're back in the game # loveisland — 👼🏾 ( @ Yemiisco ) July 4 , 2018
Refusing to give up , Wes hatched a plan to target both Ellie Jones and Megan , announcing : “ I have n't grafted for a girl yet . Are you ready ? ”
Fans said they were shocked that they were still interested in Megan after they had ditched him .
One person tweeted : “ Wes is the biggest side man in the UK . How are they trying to win back Megan who mugged them off so badly ? ”
Wes is the biggest side man in the UK . How are they trying to win back Megan who mugged them off so badly ? # LoveIsland — Astor ( @ UmmuYasiin ) July 4 , 2018
“ Wes is finished . The guy has lost their head if they try to get back with Megan , ” said another .
Wes is finished . The guy has lost their head if they try to get back with Megan # LoveIsland — Dion ( @ DionG98 ) July 4 , 2018
“ Wes Megan is trouble ca n't you see that ? ? ? ? ” asked one .
Wes Megan is trouble ca n't you see that ? ? ? ? # LoveIsland — WEEZZY L ( @ LouWezz ) July 4 , 2018
Watch Love Island on 3e and 3player
Just Eat delivers Love Island on 3e
© Press Association 2018
'Wonderful initiative ' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There 's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land , but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure .
Washington 's Department of Fish and Wildlife offices in the Department of Natural Resources building on the Capitol Campus in Olympia on Wednesday , Aug. 2 , 2017 . WDFW announced a new acting director on Friday . Tony Overman toverman @ theolympian.com
SINGAPORE : American MMA fighter Holly Holm backed Conor McGregor to cause Floyd Mayweather problems on Thursday after their cross-over boxing showdown was confirmed .
Ireland 's McGregor will be the heavy underdog against 49-0 Mayweather but Holm knows a few things about upsets , after they ended Ronda Rousey 's unbeaten run with a brutal knockout in 2015 .
“ I 'm one of those who believes in being able to cross over , ” said Holm , a former boxing world champion , ahead of their UFC fight in Singapore on Saturday .
“ Boxing is a whole different world… but Conor really believes in himself , and I think he 's going to put up a good fight . ”
Mayweather and McGregor—kingpins of their sports—will face each other over 12 rounds at Las Vegas 's T-Mobile Arena on August 26 .
Neither has fought this year . Mayweather , 40 , retired from pro boxing in 2015 after defeating Andre Berto , while McGregor ( 21-3 ) beat Eddie Alvarez last November .
Mayweather is the strong favorite but Holm , who will face Brazil 's Bethe Correia in Singapore , said fights can be unpredictable .
“ Anything can happen so that 's why I like to watch from the outside , it 's unknown , you do n't know what 's going to happen , ” the American said .
Li Jingliang , a leading Chinese MMA prospect who is also on Saturday 's card , said McGregor had the tools to upset Mayweather .
“ It 's a very good opportunity to show an MMA fighter is a well-rounded fighter , they can win in MMA fights , and also in boxing , ” Li said through a translator .
“ I 've been watching him , Conor has a reach advantage and he 's more powerful . ”
Joe Carr , head of international and content at UFC—the organization that made McGregor a star—also tipped the Irishman to cause an upset .
“ The difference in combat sport is that one punch can change everything and what you need to do is to land that one punch .
“ What we know is that Conor McGregor is a huge hitter and he 's been knocking people out for the last few years , ” Carr said . AFP
The All Blacks Sevens have fallen out of the Hamilton Sevens at the semi-final stage , edged 14-12 by a clinical Fiji .
Fiji 's Kalione Nasoko in action on Day 2 of the Hamilton Sevens at Waikato Stadium in New Zealand . Source : Photosport
So ruthless for much of this weekend 's Waikato action , the Kiwis found their skills wanting on the big stage , dropping key passes and lacking spark .
The Fijians , meanwhile , managed to make hay by dominating the breakdown and forcing turnovers , eventually managing to eke out a result .
Their superior goal-kicking was the sole difference on the scoreboard .
Missing Sevuloni Mocenacagi to suspension , Fiji hit the ground running with a runaway Josua Vakurunabili try within 60 seconds .
Careless with the ball , New Zealand wasted several chances to respond , but hit back when Tim Mikkelson released Sam Dickson down the right to score .
Down 7-5 at half-time , the Kiwis briefly took the lead when livewire Vilimoni Koroi raced 50 metres to score from a pick-and-go , but duly conceded again to Mesulame Kunavula with four minutes remaining and could n't rally .
Luke Masirewa dropped a last-second pass that could 've made the difference .
Failing for the second consecutive year to win their home event , the All Blacks Sevens will now have to settle for a shot at bronze .
A 38-year-old mother of two has been given a suspended jail sentence after a court heard how they crashed into a cyclist and killed them after turning around in their seat to respond to their child .
Maria Harkin from Weston View , Carrigaline in Co Cork pleaded guilty at Cork Circuit Criminal Court on Tuesday to careless driving causing the death of 45-year-old father of one , Donal O'Brien at Curraheen on the N40 Ballincollig bypass on May 14th , 2017 .
Sgt Pat Lyons told how Harkin was driving along the Ballincollig bypass with their two young children after visiting Smyth 's Toys when one of them asked them to remove a tag from one a toy . They turned around to respond and took their eyes off the road .
Mr O'Brien was out for a morning cycle and was wearing all the appropriate safety gear including a high visibility jacket . Harkin veered left after turning around and they crashed into the rear of their bicycle causing them severe injuries and it was believed they died instantly .
Sgt Lyons said that Harkin was extremely traumatised by what had happened and made admissions that they had never seen the cyclist and had collided with him . They were not travelling at excess speed at the time and they were breathalysed at the scene and found not to have been drinking .
“ I would describe it as momentary lapse in concentration with catastrophic consequences , ” said Sgt Lyons , who said that Harkin had no previous convictions and had never come to Garda attention before this accident . They had co-operated fully with gardaí and indicated a guilty plea at an early stage , they said .
‘ It was the worst day of my life '
Mr O'Brien 's widow , Sandra , told the court how they were married for 27 years but they never really worried about their husband going out cycling as they were very safety conscious . They said they now realise they were very vulnerable on a main road where drivers do not pay attention to all road users .
“ When Donal left home that Sunday morning for their cycle , I never imagined in my wildest dreams that I would never see them again . I remember that Sunday as if it were only yesterday . It was the worst day of my life and I will never forget it , ” they said in their victim impact statement .
“ I know the woman did not set out to deliberately knock Donal off their bike and kill them but that is what happened . The lady could go home to their family and talk about it but Donal can never come home to us again . We will never see them or talk to them again which is absolutely heartbreaking . ”
The couple 's daughter , Nicole , told in their victim impact statement how their father was their “ go to person for everything ” and they were “ so lost and confused ” without them and what happened to them as a family was “ a real life nightmare ” .
“ At times the grief has raged me and other times , it 's my broken heart and sobbing eyes , my mind unable to accept the fact that my Dad got taken from us by a careless driver so close to home , they should have come home to us that day , ” they said .
“ I remember thinking it was a mistake , that it was n't my Dad . . . I have to pass that spot every day going into their car sales business where they should be . It 's horrible to pass the road where your dad lost their lives and there was nothing they could do . I will never be the same person without my Dad . ”
Judge O Donnabhain said they accepted that there were no aggravating factors such as speed or drink involved but they believed that a simple failure to keep a proper lookout was an aggravating factor and for them that amounted to a high level of carelessness .
However they accepted that Harkin had co-operated with gardaí , pleaded guilty and had no previous convictions which were all to their credit and they sentenced them to 12 months in jail but suspended in its entirety while also banning them from driving for five years .
Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma broke the news of their wedding last night and since then the internet just ca n't seem to get enough of their marriage photos and videos .
The couple tied the knot in a hush-hush ceremony in Italy as per Hindu rituals . Meanwhile we came across a couple of videos from the wedding ceremony that has Virat giving us plenty of husband goals . Check them out here ...
Ufff .. These Two Virat is seen feeding Anushka as their hands are adorned with mehendi . Song Of Love The 'dulha ' even crooned 'Mere Mehboob ' for their lady love at their wedding party . Just see the joy on Anushka 's face ! All That Glitters Is Gold We have got our hands on a video where Anushka as a bride is seen heading towards the mandap . Pretty Woman We must saw Anushka made for a radiant bride in this Sabyasachi Mukherji pink outfit . Forever Together This picture is making us all emotional ! Candid Capture Look , Virat has their eyes only on theirs 'dulhaniya ' .
Meanwhile , we have compiled some unseen videos from 'Virushka ' wedding . Have a look at them here ...
Virat singing 'Mere Mehboob ' for Anushka 😘😘 # VirushkaWedding # anushkasharma # viratkohli # virushka # anushkawedsvirat # anushkavirat A post shared by virushka ( @ virat.anushka_ ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 11:14pm PST
When Virat sang a love song for Anushka ...
😘😘 # VirushkaWedding # anushkasharma # viratkohli # virushka # anushkawedsvirat # anushkavirat A post shared by Virushka Weeding 💑 ( @ virushkaafansclub ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 11:19pm PST
Love makes you do such cute things .
The baraatis arrive with Virat .
The 'jaymala ' ceremony .
[ EXCLUSIVE ] Vidaai Ceremony . 😍❤️ A post shared by Virat Kohli ( @ virat.kohli.insta ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 6:59pm PST
The 'bidaai ' ceremony will leave you teary-eyed ..
The cutest thing you will see on the internet today !
Reportedly , the couple will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December .
Post their wedding , the newly wed couple will be shifting to their new residence in Worli .
A former Carrickfergus resident is making their mark as the owner of a Thai football club .
Andy Clawson is the founder and managing director of FC Bangkok in Thailand .
An experienced coach , Andy previously worked with Hearts FC in Edinburgh , Manchester United , Coerver Coaching Elite Performance Programme ( Scotland and UK North ) , and the San Jose Earthquakes community programme in California .
A typical week for the east Antrim native involves being both a full-time coach and manager . `` This means I work some very anti-social hours but when you can work full time in football , you ca n't really complain , '' they said .
`` My week is a mixture of office hours consisting of coach session planning and periodisation for academy staff , national and international tournament organisation plus other generic
event management such as charity days , coach education , camps and awards ceremonies .
`` As a director of coaching I oversee 10 teams in the academy , from under-8 level to senior , and both boys ' and girls ' teams .
`` Getting out on the pitch is by far the best part of my job . Having access to so many teams provides me with the opportunity to perfect many aspects of my coaching . My week is a mixture of foundation , development and performance squads so I have the chance to try many different coaching styles .
`` I 've become the coach I am today due to the hours I 'm on a pitch - 16 to 20 each week . This was something I found very difficult back home . Great coaches are restricted to one to two sessions a week , allowing minimal opportunity to experiment . ''
With cultural differences and the `` agendas '' of rival clubs to overcome , the job is not without its challenges , they added : `` In Thailand it 's difficult as a foreigner to influence leagues , associations and other clubs to change old and outdated attitudes .
`` Thailand is a developing country and the football market is exactly the same . In my five years here I have seen massive changes in the grassroots and pro youth systems . I 'm proud
to have helped as much as I could with this .
`` Sadly Thai football has been renowned for corruption but there are like-minded coaches and managers who see the potential here and work hard to help make the Thailand football
scene better . ''
Andy has attained a range of qualifications throughout their career , including a UEFA A Licence , Youth Licence , Club Licence , Youth Licence Level 4 , Children 's Licence Level 4 , and C Licence .
A Liverpool fan , their top picks in the world of football are Jurgen Klopp , Pep Guardiola , Steven Gerrard , and Andrés Iniesta . `` I was a big fan of Brendan Rodgers until they went to Celtic ! ''
Inspiration , meanwhile , came from former colleagues . `` Coaches who inspired me are grassroots and academy coaches from my time at Hearts and Manchester United . Their knowledge , passion and reasons for coaching are not extrinsically motivated and every session was exciting and rewarding . I also met some quality coaches when gaining UEFA licences and Irish FA coaches have been great , too . ''
Andy is also a keen boxer , training three to five times a week and fighting occasionally for charity . `` I encourage players in the foundation stage to sample a lot of sports but then they must choose and focus , '' they said .
For those wishing to follow a similar career path , Andy advises getting as much time on the pitch as possible : `` If staying at home you must work with the Irish FA , get licensed and learn from experienced coaches , then volunteer as much of your time at local clubs . Session planning is important but you need to be on the pitch continuously to get your ideas across to players .
`` Alternatively you should see the world and experience other football cultures and methodologies because I can guarantee you one thing : no-one has the correct formula . Football changes and adapts and so must you . Also learn a language ; if you want to work high level you must speak the lingo . Remember that you 're up against other coaches from Europe with the same licence as you and the same experience but they can speak five languages . ''
In the future , the former Carrick resident hopes to develop their own coaching career and step into first team football . `` I came to Thailand with a pair of boots , no money and a suitcase . Within four years I have founded a club that now has a fully functioning academy system leading to a senior team in the professional game . We are now ranked number one in Thailand for grassroots player development , '' Andy added .
`` I want to highlight the sheer amount of hard work it has taken to get to this point but it 's done and been proven successful . For talented lads back home with the correct work ethic and
morals , just know that it can be replicated but no-one is going to do it for you . ''
Los Angeles Rams head coach Sean McVay made a player-friendly decision to end the mandatory minicamp one day early this offseason .
# Rams cancellation was a reward from head coach Sean McVay for a job well done this off season — Vincent Bonsignore ( @ DailyNewsVinny ) June 15 , 2017
It seems to be an indication the players have done a great job with all of their workouts thus far .
ESPN 's Alden Gonzalez reports that it 's fairly common for teams to cancel the last day of minicamp to make players excited and reward them for their hard work during the offseason .
Here are the rest of the details the team sent out to press about training camp dates :
The team will return to the field for training camp , which will be held on the campus of University of California , Irvine . Rookies will report to camp on Wednesday , July 26 , followed by the veterans on Friday , July 28 . Training camp practices will kick off on Saturday , July 29 . The full 2017 Rams training camp schedule will be announced at a later date .
Players can still use the weight room and facility in the interim . McVay says they feel everybody will be ready and healthy for training camp .
On a day of rapidly swirling weather and fortunes , Novak Djokovic emerged from a second perfunctory win against a qualifier to stay in the conversation about who is good enough to stop Rafael Nadal winning their 11th French Open . They could get to the quarter-finals ; once there they might even find another gear or two , which was their trademark in their pomp .
Certainly the former champion is in shape comparable to that of younger contenders in Alexander Zverev , who took five sets to defeat the world number 60 Dusan Lajovic , and Grigor Dimitrov , who survived a tempestuous battle over four hours and 19 minutes against the American Jared Donaldson , who was reduced at one point to serving under-arm .
Djokovic , who beat Dutra Silva in the first round , had to work their way past the stubborn challenge of 21-year-old Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar – ranked 155 in the world – after which they took time to reflect on the troubles of an absent friend , Andy Murray , with whom they have had long conversations .
“ I can only imagine how difficult it is for them to deal with the circumstances of injury , ” they said . “ That 's something that I can relate to . I have had quite a similar situation , although their injury takes more time , obviously . Hopefully we can see them playing on grass because that 's where , I guess , they want to play . ”
They do , passionately . But it will not be easy .
Nearly a year after they and Murray left Wimbledon , wounded losers who had driven each other to their physical limits in pursuit of the world number one ranking , the Serb is still standing – just , at 22 in the world – while the Scot 's prospects of fulfilling their commitment to end an 11-month sabbatical on the Dutch grass of Rosmalen the week after the French Open remain as clear as mud .
Hip surgery
The hip surgery in January that Murray hoped would restore them to full fitness has not clicked as well as they had originally thought , and there is uncertainty in the camp that they will make it to the line in the Netherlands – or even Wimbledon .
If they miss the grasscourt season they will have no ranking . If they were to make their comeback where they have won two of their three grand slam titles , they would be outside the top 150 for the first time since August 2005 . Those are scary digits .
Djokovic knows as much about struggle and injury as anyone on the Tour . Their chronically painful right elbow kept them out for the rest of the year after Wimbledon , and their comeback , which involved a recent “ minor procedure ” , has gone from a limping exit in Melbourne to a decent stroll in Rome last week , where they fought hard against Nadal , and gathered conviction in two wins here .
On Friday they will need to lift their game against Roberto Bautista Agut , who saw off the Colombian qualifier Santiago Giraldo in just over two hours .
“ We have spoken directly – and indirectly , through their brother , ” Djokovic said of Murray after a skillful 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-4 , 6-4 victory against Munar on Court Suzanne-Lenglen . “ We are part of the [ ATP ] player council , and they were on the conference call . We got to have a FaceTime , as well . They were very committed for like three , four hours . He 's got two children now , and life at home for sure is different , and I can understand [ that ] . ”
Philosophical context
As for their own up-and-down journey , Djokovic , true to their enthusiasm for spiritual enlightenment over the past couple of years , tried to put it in a philosophical context . Asked if getting out of their current rut was harder than when they had a similar experience in 2008 , they said : “ It 's all a personal perspective , how you perceive things in life . It can be really tough and it can be really easy . Everything starts and ends with us in our minds .
“ To sit here and talk about how tough it is , and you have people starving to death , for me there is no point in talking about that . It 's just the way it is .
“ As an athlete I have to face these challenges , I will call them and , if I overcome them or not , it 's just a matter of work that I have put in , luck at times , and circumstances . That 's it . I have achieved so much in my life and I 'm very , very grateful for that . ”
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged , allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police have released photographs of a raid at a suspected 'chop shop ' in Small Heath .
Officers carried out searches at a business premises in Herbert Road at around 8.30am on Monday , following a tip-off .
Images taken from the scene show a warehouse with rows of dismantled car parts stacked on several levels .
Other images show cars parked inside the building and the police presence outside .
A West Midlands Police spokesperson said : `` Officers conducted a planned warrant at a business premises in Herbert Road , Small Heath just before 8.30am yesterday ( Monday 23 April ) after information was received regarding suspicious activity at the location .
`` A number of suspected stolen car parts have been recovered and enquiries and searches remain on-going . ''
Nearly a dozen suspected 'chop shops ' have been discovered around the city since the beginning of the year .
Officers raided a premise in Parliament Street , Small Heath , on Feb 27 , where they unearthed piles of broken up car parts - a hidden behind closed doors .
( Image : brumpartnerships )
Photographs taken at the raid show police vans parked outside a workshop and dozens of extracted car parts stacked up on shelves and laid across the floor .
West Midlands Police said at the time : “ One man was arrested for immigration offences and will be handed over to immigration . Enquiries are ongoing . ”
( Image : brumpartnerships )
The find comes after another suspected chop shop was discovered when police raided a business in Springfield Road , and a house in Grove Road , both in Sparkhill on February 15 .
Images show rows of different coloured car doors arranged along a makeshift container in a yard .
Stripped down engine parts , springs , coils and other internal and external vehicle components lined up along a fence and piled in the garden of an ordinary terraced house .
Sgt Haroon Chughtai , of Springfield Police , said : “ We acted in response to reports from the public that car parts that were thought to have been stolen , were being sold from these addresses .
( Image : @ MoseleyHeathWMP )
“ This is an example of how we act on information from our communities , and we would always encourage people to come forward if they suspect that crimes are being committed .
“ Officers from the Springfield Police team worked with officers from West Mercia Police and partners including the Driver Vehicles Standards Agency to execute the warrant . ”
( Image : @ WashwoodWMP )
In January , police discovered the parts from eight stolen Audis , a Land Rover and a cannabis farm when they raided two houses in Bowyer Road , Alum Rock .
One man was arrested in the operation .
Even if last Friday 's employment report had been a dud , the Federal Reserve was likely to raise interest rates again this week .
But the report was n't bad .
In fact , the 228,000 new jobs created in November exceeded the 190,000 that were expected . And November 's gains continued a streak of improvement in the job market that has lasted for a few months .
The one exception was September , when only 38,000 new jobs were created . And that disappointment resulted mainly from the rash of hurricanes that hit the country .
So , the Federal Reserve , which is meeting Tuesday and Wednesday , is probably going to boost borrowing costs as one of Janet Yellen 's last official acts as chair of the Fed .
This will be the third hike this year and the fifth since December 2015 . This is a gentle pace of increase . Lower-than-expected inflation has befuddled the Fed and caused it to increase rates more slowly than would be expected after a decade of ultralow borrowing costs .
There 's a lot to be talked about here . Let 's start first with how these hikes will affect the federal government .
As you 've probably heard , Congress looks as if it is going to change the tax laws . That move is expected to raise the federal debt by an additional $ 1 trillion to $ 1.5 trillion over the next 10 years .
That 's the increase in the debt just from tax reform and does n't take into account how much the debt is going to rise anyway . Now you have to add something else to the debt debate : How much more will Washington ( and state and local governments ) have to pay just because of higher rates ?
A lot of the Treasury Department 's $ 20 trillion in debt , of course , will be locked in at the low rates for years . But any future borrowing , or loans that need to be extended , will be subject to the higher rates .
The Fed is going to change some other things by raising rates .
One is that fixed-rate investments like government and municipal bonds are going to become more attractive . While that 's not likely to cause many investors right now to pull money out of the high-flying stock market , there will come a day when the safety of a fixed yield will come back in style .
And increasing borrowing costs will also cause companies and individuals to go into debt less , which means they will buy less . So by increasing rates , the Fed is working counter to what the Trump administration and Congress are trying to do — that is , get the economy growing faster than the barely 3 percent growth it 's now attaining .
I 've been telling you for years that the problem is n't just that the US economy was n't growing fast enough . The real problem is that the economy is broken .
And now you are seeing in real life what I mean . While Congress is taking drastic and dangerous measures on taxes to increase growth , the Fed has to take measures that are counterproductive to that goal by raising interest rates and reducing the size of its portfolio , which is swollen from quantitative easing .
Nobody is wrong here . The Trump administration and Congress are doing what they need to do , although I think there is a better way , which I 'll explain on Thursday . And the Fed is doing what it has to do to keep inflation and speculation — which is rampant in things like bitcoin , high-end real estate , the stock market and even art — in check .
Last Friday 's job report is an example of how confusing the economy is .
While the reported growth in November was a healthy 228,000 jobs , the figure was much larger when you look at the raw data . The number of new jobs created by companies rises to 532,000 when you look at the figures on a non-seasonally adjusted basis .
And 2.1 million jobs — again , without taking seasonal adjustments into account — have been created since Donald Trump took office .
What 's confusing is that inflation has not been increasing by a lot — at least not according to Washington 's numbers . If the economy really were growing this rapidly , the price of goods and services should be heating up .
Jerome Powell , who takes over for Yellen next year , is expected to continue increasing rates as long as the economic numbers stay cooperative . But the Fed took extraordinary measures when it pumped massive amounts of money into the economy through QE , and now it 's trying to figure out what kind of Frankenstein monster it created .
It is one thing to become a leading player in a particular industry sector , but quite another to take what you 've learned in that space and achieve a similar level of success in a completely different field . One company looking to do just that , though , is Irish travel tech firm Boxever .
The Dublin-based company , which was founded by Dave O'Flanagan , Alan Giles and Dermot O'Connor in late 2011 , has developed a big data and personalisation platform which is primarily used by airlines and travel operators .
Boxever has built up an impressive customer base in the sector over the years with companies that include Emirates , Air New Zealand , eDreams Odigeo , Jetstar , Flybe , Finnair and Aer Lingus .
But while it still sees plenty of growth potential in the sector , the company is also focused on expanding its core offering beyond the travel space to include financial services and utilities .
It recently rolled out its solution for a leading European insurer , one of the first in a number of deployments that the company is involved in outside of travel .
“ We feel there is still a lot of runways providing our solutions to airlines , ” says O'Flanagan , Boxever 's chief executive .
Opportunities
Accidental pun aside , O'Flanagan is n't joking when they outline the opportunities for the company that still exist in the travel sector .
“ We 've got 21 customers and there are 600 airlines globally ; out of these I 'd estimate that there are at least between 200 and 250 that are of a size that could benefit from using our technology , ” they say .
“ However , 18 months ago we started looking at what are the right growth opportunities for Boxever and , while going deeper into airlines is certainly one of them , we were also receiving interest from outside of the travel space and realised this is something we should follow up on , ” O'Flanagan adds .
While it has achieved great success with airlines , Boxever did n't start out just to work in that sector . Indeed , it was only while based at NDRC and looking at refining its proposition that it picked out airlines above other options as its go-to-market choice .
“ We developed our technology to be sector-agnostic . We wanted to build a product for everyone but opted to start off selling it into airlines . This was a smart move at the time as it helped us narrow our focus , increased investor confidence and allowed us to build up expertise in a particular sector , ” says O'Flanagan .
“ Doing this meant that we were able to go in and win against the likes of Oracle with Air New Zealand . We could n't have done that if we 'd been selling to everyone in every sector . Specialising allowed us to be in rooms we probably would n't have been allowed in otherwise , ” they add .
Customer-centric
Boxever 's technology enables traditional companies to become more customer-centric by getting the best out of data they already have . Part of the reason why its solutions proved so popular with airlines early on was that they were so bad at knowing their customers .
Few had any real understanding of who was buying tickets with them , partly because most did n't sell direct to consumers at that time , but also because any data they had was stored in different places . However , as online bookings were becoming increasingly popular and the need to boost ancillary revenues more necessary , airlines had to get to know their customers better .
O'Flanagan notes that this is still the case for some airlines with less than 40 per cent of bookings made online in most parts of the world .
They add that many financial services companies are also struggling to get acquainted with their customers . These include the insurance firm it has just rolled out its platform for , which wants to communicate more effectively with customers around pensions .
“ Much of what we 've learned to be part of digital transformation initiatives for airlines is extremely relevant to companies in the financial services space . Banks , for example , are busy looking at airlines thinking they are doing an amazing job at communicating with customers and creating strong brands , and they think they can learn from them , ” they say .
O'Flanagan adds that companies in the financial services sector have little option but to engage better with customers given the pressures they face from a rising number of smart fintech start-ups and initiatives such as the payments services directive 2 ( PSD2 ) .
Third parties
This legislation , which came into effect earlier this year , effectively forces banks to open up their interfaces to third parties .
“ What we 've developed for airlines is highly transferable and so we feel extremely confident going into other industry sectors , ” says O'Flanagan .
“ We 're in a great place to own the financial services space and have an advantage over fintech start-ups in that we already have a great brand and an impressive client list . ”
Another practical advantage for the company is ease of access to multiple clients .
As with everyone else we 're finding it bloody hard to find people , as everyone wants people with data expertise
“ Airlines are great but there are generally only one or two per country , so over the years we 've been criss-crossing the globe . In other sectors , though , there are thousands of potential customers that are nearby and who want to learn from us , ” says O'Flanagan .
Last year Boxever tapped investors for more cash , having previously raised $ 19 million in funding . The company recorded a 65 per cent jump in revenues in 2016 , a period in which accumulated losses jumped to almost €14 million . O'Flanagan says the company is primarily focused on achieving growth over profitability right now .
As with other tech companies , Boxever has found hiring highly-skilled professionals in Ireland an issue . The company , which currently employs about 70 people , recently opened an office in Madrid as a way around the problem .
“ As with everyone else we 're finding it bloody hard to find people , as everyone wants people with data expertise . This meant we had to re-evaluate whether it made sense to keep everything in Dublin . Our solution has been to set up in Madrid as that is good in terms of access to talent and lower costs , ” says O'Flanagan .
“ But we always wanted to build an Irish company that would be a global success story that remained headquartered here and that does n't change . The centre of gravity for us will always be in Dublin . ”
The Wellington Phoenix have sprung a major surprise on the eve of their first game of the A-League season .
Phoenix head coach Darije Kalezic has handed a first career start to 18-year-old goalkeeper Keegan Smith , who will stand between the sticks against Adelaide United tomorrow afternoon .
The move was hinted at during the pre-season but is still an extremely bold move by Kalezic ahead of their first game in charge . Both of the Phoenix 's contracted goalkeepers - Lewis Italiano and Oliver Sail - were available for selection , but Kalezic plumped for Smith .
Kalezic explains that Smith got the nod due to their ability to play with the ball at their feet , to help the Phoenix build from the back and keep possession .
Advertisement
`` As a club we are facing a new page , a new way of playing , we want to go to another direction , '' Kalezic told Radio Sport .
`` When we have the ball , we want to play from ball position and we want a goalkeeper who can support that way of playing - a goalkeeper who can keep the ball , who can have overview of the situation on the field when they have the ball , and a goalkeeper who can support our building up . ''
Last season , Glen Moss was the first-choice goalkeeper for the Phoenix , starting 22 A-League games , while Italiano appeared in the other five contests .
Moss departed to the Newcastle Jets in the offseason , while Italiano signed a one-year contract , with Sail promoted to presumably be their back-up .
However , Smith , who played eight games for the Wellington Phoenix Under 20 team in the Stirling Sports Premiership last season , was the one who impressed Kalezic the most .
`` All of the three keepers show me good skill , and all have got the same minutes to show me how good [ they are ] . Keegan has shown me the best ability in ball position , compared to Lewis and Oliver . ''
`` At the moment , the best is Keegan Smith , and we trust that he 'll take their chance . ''
Speed up business decisions and increase ROI with Loadspring 's functional and intuitive Cloud Platform . The tool gives users ultimate control over their projects and collaborations .
[ WILMINGTON , 05/30/2018 ] – Loadspring is an expert in Cloud portfolio management , and it is committed to making jobs faster , easier , and more convenient for clients . It offers a smart Cloud platform that gives users instant project data and KPIs at a glance .
Project Management Made Easier
Loadspring makes it easier for users to make fast and informed project decisions . Its Cloud platform gives clients absolute control over their projects and collaborations . The LoadSpring Cloud platform functions as a user 's digital gateway to the Cloud by delivering more than 200 project management applications , as well as instant access to project status , user training , licensing , and more .
Besides having several tools at their disposal , the powerful Cloud-enabling platform provides clients with ultimate accessibility and iron-clad security .
Customized Project Management Solutions
Loadspring designs its solutions to help users achieve greater project management efficiency and a greater ROI . The LoadSpring Cloud Platform features optional custom cloud environments , tailor-made to user specific business needs .
The platform is an ideal connection to the Cloud because it contains user applications specifically for engineering/construction , oil/energy and other project heavy industries , as well as custom integrations , and disaster recovery features . The customizable dashboard provides instant and useful information that helps clients make better business decisions .
A Streamlined Interface for Mobile Devices
Stay active and connected to key projects by accessing the company 's interface from any mobile device . With it , clients can keep working on the field while getting up-to-date reports on the project 's progress . Through LoadspringMobile , users can view the dashboard right from their fingertips , without needing full application licenses .
The cloud project management tool is easy to use : with single-sign on users simply log in once to their accounts , select a function , and manage project information from there .
About Loadspring
Loadspring optimizes Cloud-forward strategies to prevent risks and create value . The company hosts Cloud-based project management and engineering software solutions to help businesses achieve their goals and simplify their complex project needs .
For more information , visit https : //www.loadspring.com/ .
Dulquer Salmaan and Amal Sufiya , one of the most loved couples of Mollywood welcomed their first child on May 05 , 2017 and later , they named their little princess as Maryam Ameerah Salmaan .
The young superstar of Mollywood is a doting father , as well and Dulquer Salmaan has proved that over and again with a couple of cute posts on Facebook , regarding their child .
In a recent award function , Dulquer Salmaan had opened up about the favourite Lullaby of their daughter . Well , it is a much popular song from a Mammootty starrer . Any guesses on the same ?
During the function , Dulquer Salmaan opened up that the song Vennila Chandanakinnam , from the movie Azhakiya Ravanan in which their father starred , is the favourite song of their little princess .
They also added that despite being not a lullaby , this song is the favourite of their daughter . They sing this song for them and they slip off to sleep while hearing this song .
Undoubtedly , Vennila Chandanakinnam , which has been sung by Yesudas and set to to tune by Vidyasagar is one such song , which is afresh even after years . The picturisation and Mammootty 's performance in it , also made the song a memorable one
Prithviraj is busy with the works of their upcoming film 9 , being directed by Jenuse Mohamed and there are a good a number of reasons to eagerly await this film , which is the debut production venture of Prithviraj Productions .
The shoot of the film is progressing in the foothills of the Himalayas and most recently , Prithviraj took to their Facebook page to share a still from the location of the movie and it is indeed mind-boggling ..
The picture is nothing less than a visual spectacle , which has been taken amidst the backdrop of the Himalayas . The caption for the photo is read as `` Vintage 4x4 's , a tent and the Himalayas for a backdrop ! When reel life looks like a fairy tale ! ''
Well , 9 seems to be something special in the making with the film all set to offer some amazing and never seen before kind of a visual splendour to the Malayalam film audiences . The makers have remained tight-lipped about the storyline of the movie .
Popular actor Wamiqa Gabbi , who made their debut in Mollywood with the movie Godha will be seen essaying the role of the leading lady in 9 . The actor essays a character named Eva in the film . Nothing much has been revealed about Prithviraj 's character in the movie . 9 , is being jointly produced by Sony Pictures and the film has its script penned by the director Jenuse Mohamed himself .
Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif looks out the window of their plane after attending a ceremony to inaugurate the M9 motorway between Karachi and Hyderabad , Pakistan February 3 , 2017 . Pic : Reuters
PRIME MINISTER Nawaz Sharif appeared before a panel investigating their family 's wealth on Thursday , the first time a Pakistani prime minister has been grilled by an investigative agency .
The scrutiny of Sharif has gripped Pakistan , but the investigation – ordered by the Supreme Court – has become increasingly politicised .
Sharif arrived at the Joint Investigation Team ( JIT ) in Islamabad clad in traditional shalwar kameez tunic and baggy trousers , but did not speak to media .
It was not clear how long the hearing , which had been scheduled to begin at 11 a.m. ( 0600 GMT ) , would last .
SEE ALSO : US says China may park future military base in Pakistan
The prime minister and their children deny any wrongdoing .
The Supreme Court ruled in April there was insufficient evidence to remove Sharif from office over corruption allegations levelled by the opposition , but it ordered further investigations .
The Supreme Court agreed last year to investigate the Sharif family 's offshore wealth after the opposition threatened protests after the leaking of the “ Panama Papers ” .
Documents leaked from the Panama-based Mossack Fonseca law firm appeared to show that Sharif 's daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies registered in the British Virgin Islands and used them to buy properties in London .
Sharif , whose father was a prominent industrialist , has said their family wealth was acquired legally .
A three-time prime minister , Sharif was ousted twice in the 1990s , including in a 1999 military coup . They later lived in exile , mostly in Saudi Arabia .
They swept back to power in an election in 2013 .
Their spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment .
Pakistan has been plagued by corruption for decades , with politicians often accusing rivals of graft .
The Supreme Court has given the panel two months to investigate the family and then deliver its findings .
The six-man panel , made up of members of civilian investigative agencies and military intelligence officers , are examining three generations of Sharif family wealth .
SEE ALSO : Pakistan signs nearly $ 500m in China deals at Silk Road summit
The team has accused government departments of tampering with old records , but Finance Minister Ishaq Dar on Wednesday rejected such allegations , adding that the team 's claims meant the process was becoming “ suspicious ” , media reported .
Sharif 's camp has sought to remove two members of the investigation team and their rulingPakistan Muslim League-Nawaz ( PML-N ) party voiced outrage over a leaked photograph taken from security camera footage showing Sharif 's son , Hussain , appearing before the panel .
Opinion polls suggest Sharif 's party is likely to win the next election , due next year .
A senior PML-N official told Reuters the party was unlikely to call an early election if Sharif was ousted by a Supreme Court ruling , and would select a new prime minister to take over until the general election . – Reuters
Eminem had social media on fire when they dissed Donald Trump in a freestyle at the BET Hip Hop Awards in October .
Now , in a talk with Interview magazine , the midwest spitter reveals the influence on their performance . They originally are supposed to perform the rap live onstage at the awards show , but then plans changed , and they filmed the freestyle cypher in Detroit .
The group that inspired the visuals for their diss was Public Enemy . “ One of the things we were trying to mimic was Public Enemy 's ‘ You 're Gon na Get Yours ' cover , ” they said . “ I do n't know if anybody got that , but that 's kind of the feel that we were going for . ”
Check out the cover image below .
eminem revealed their bet hip-hop awards cypher this year was inspired by public enemy 's ‘ you 're gon na get yours ' coverhttps : //t.co/feRdj7LY7M pic.twitter.com/ygDXbVmy0C — Genius ( @ Genius ) December 8 , 2017
Public Enemy is no stranger to politically charged music and lead rapper Chuck D has definitely made it clear that he 's not a fan of Trump .
Seems like Eminem has no problem shouting out their influencers . You can check out their full interview here .
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Uber has pulled all its self-driving cars off the road as police in Arizona investigate a fatal collision involving one of its autonomous vehicles .
The incident is feared to be the first time a pedestrian has been killed by a self-driving car , after a Tesla driver died in a crash while using its Autopilot system in 2016 .
The woman 's death in Tempe , Arizona , will reawaken the debate over the safety of autonomous vehicles at a time when regulators and technology companies have been accelerating deployment of self-driving systems on public roads .
Tempe is a short distance to the east of Phoenix , one of a handful of US cities where Uber is testing its self-driving technology , alongside San Francisco , Toronto and Pittsburgh . Uber has suspended operations of its autonomous testing in all four locations .
The incident occurred on Sunday night , Tempe 's police department said in a statement .
“ The vehicle involved is one of Uber 's self-driving vehicles . It was in autonomous mode at the time of the collision , with a vehicle operator behind the wheel , ” Tempe police said .
The woman was crossing the road , apparently without using a designated pedestrian crossing , when the Uber vehicle struck her , according to the police . They were taken to a nearby hospital where they died from their injuries . The woman 's name has not yet been released . “ Uber is assisting and this is still an active investigation , ” Tempe police said .
“ Our hearts go out to the victim 's family , ” an Uber spokesperson said . “ We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident . ”
Dara Khosrowshahi , Uber 's chief executive , added in a posting to Twitter : “ Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona . We 're thinking of the victim 's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened . ”
– Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
The actor said they love New York but that 'something has to change ' .
Sex And The City actor Cynthia Nixon has announced that they are running for governor of New York .
The star – who played Miranda Hobbes in the hit New York-set show – posted a message on Twitter announcing their run .
Nixon , 51 , told their 28,000 followers on the site : “ I love New York , and today I 'm announcing my candidacy for governor . ”
I love New York , and today I 'm announcing my candidacy for governor . Join us : https : //t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon ( @ CynthiaNixon ) March 19 , 2018
The mother-of-three also shared a brief video in which they talked about growing up in New York .
“ I was given chances I just do n't see for most of New York 's kids today , ” they said .
“ Our leaders are letting us down .
“ We are now the most unequal state in the entire country , with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty . Half the kids in our upstate cities live below the poverty line .
“ How did we let this happen ? ”
They continued : “ I love New York . I 've never wanted to live anywhere else .
“ But something has to change . We want our government to work again . ”
Nixon highlighted tackling healthcare , the broken subway and an end to mass incarceration .
They will be challenging governor Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September .
© Press Association 2018
The Sandiganbayan 's Special First Division has dismissed the graft complaint filed against former Local Water Utilities Administration ( LWUA ) Administrator Lorenzo Jamora and former Acting Deputy Administrator Wilfredo Feleo in connection with the disbursement of P1.1 million to a firm in 2004 as final payment for the Guimba Water Supply Project in Nueva Ecija .
The court , in a nine-page resolution , said the Ombudsman took so long in investigating the case and granted the motions filed by Jamora and Feleo to dismiss the complaint . It also granted a similar motion filed by Renato Legaspi , who was charged in their capacity as former President and Chairman of Green Asia Construction and Development Corporation .
“ The motions are impressed with merit . The Office of the Ombudsman committed inordinate and unreasonable delay in the conduct of the preliminary investigation , ” the anti-graft court said .
It said the Ombudsman took six years to finish the investigation .
“ The period of delay of more than six years , to the mind of the Court , is inordinate and unreasonable especially considering that the issue involved in the case is not complicated , and no valid explanation was offered for such delay , ” the court said .
“ The Office of the Ombudsman 's failure to resolve the complaint with such promptness and prudence as dictated by law and jurisprudence placed the accused in a tactical disadvantage and opened the possibility that their defense will be impaired . It is also probable that aside from the anxiety and unrest that came with a prolonged investigation , the availability of witnesses and documentary evidence to the accused was also affected considering that the subject transaction took place in 2004 . The Court agrees that the action or inaction of the respondents should not control the conduct of the preliminary investigation , to which the Office of the Ombudsman has clear and express mandate , ” it added .
Associate Justice Efren De La Cruz penned the ruling which was concurred in by Associate Justices Michael Frederick Musngi and Reynaldo Cruz . REINA TOLENTINO
BEIJING ( AP ) `` China is reasserting its hard line on Taiwan following Panama 's switching of diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing .
Spokesman for the Cabinet 's Taiwan Affairs Office Ma Xiaoguang told reporters Wednesday that there could be no deviation from Beijing 's insistence that Taiwan recognize it 's part of China .
The move by Panama this week was the clearest sign yet of China 's drive to increase pressure on Taiwan 's independence-leaning President Tsai Ing-wen .
Tsai 's ruling Democratic Progressive Party says it wants stable relations with Beijing but has n't endorsed the `` one China '' principle . Beijing cut ties with Tsai 's government a year ago and has been steadily ratcheting up both diplomatic and economic pressure .
Advertisement
The sides split amid civil war in 1949 , and Beijing insists only it has the right to represent China in international society .
Baby Black centre Bailyn Sullivan has scored a remarkable try against Japan , in New Zealand 's opening game of the under-20 Rugby World Cup in France this morning , drawing comparisons with one of the greats .
Thirty-one years , a young , largely unknown John Kirwan set the first 1987 Rugby World Cup alight with a solo length-of-the-field stunner that left Italians sprawled down the field , an individual effort that still ranks amongst the best - if not the best - individual international try of all time .
But teenager Sullivan - who made their Waikato NPC debut last year - now has a try of their own to compare , after taking a Japanese kick-off , then scything through defenders in Narbonne , as New Zealand crushed the minnows 67-0 in their opening pool match .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Want Worry Free Flooring ?
Innovia Xtreme Clean carpet from Your Neighborhood J.C. Jacobs Carpet One Floor & Home Store has permanent stain protection built into every fiber !
Most stains clean up easily with plain water so , no worries .
Oct. 6 – Nov. 13 !
At Your Neighborhood J.C. Jacobs Carpet One Store !
Now during the Worry Free Flooring Sale save up to 50 % on select floors storewide –
Featuring Innovia Xtreme Clean carpets – with special 18-month financing available !
Only at your neighborhood Rock Springs Carpet One .
.
.
Offers :
Save up to 50 % on select floors storewide
Featuring INNOVIA and INNOVIA TOUCH XTREME CLEAN™ carpet – the tough , soft carpet that cleans up most stains easily with plain water
What You Need , Right Here
.
J.C. Jacobs Carpet One is your local source for all your flooring , kitchen & bathroom remodel needs .
In addition to Carpet One 's Exclusive Brands , we carry a wide selection of carpet , laminate , hardwood , tile and vinyl flooring from other leading manufacturers to ensure you 'll find the product that 's right for your unique style , budget and surroundings .
We also have you covered when it comes to area rugs and binding , environmentally-friendly flooring products , window treatments , counter-tops , cabinets and cleaning supplies to keep your floors looking as good as new for years to come .
.
Location
J.C. Jacobs Carpet One
1577 Dewar Drive Suite 104
Rock Springs , WY
.
Store Hours
Monday 9:00 am – 5:30 pm
Tuesday 9:00am – 5:30pm
Wednesday 9:00 am – 5:30 pm
Thursday 9:00 am – 5:30 pm
Friday 9:00 am – 5:30 pm
Saturday 10:00 am – 4:00 pm
Sunday Closed
.
Phone : ( 307 ) 362-5335
Follow Carpet One on Facebook !
.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above . We reserve the right to remove any comments . If you 'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this , call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message .
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has vowed to further expand military operations against Kurdish militants in Syria to the eastern parts of the Arab country , even threatening to send troops to northern Iraq if Baghdad could not clear the region of the militants .
Speaking in Ankara a day after Turkish forces and their allies stormed and captured the northwestern Syrian city of Afrin , Erdoğan said on Monday that their country 's military would target the Syrian city of Manbij , as well as Ayn al-Arab or Kobani , and towns along the border to the east of the Euphrates River .
`` Now we will continue this process until we entirely eliminate this corridor , including in Manbij , Ayn al-Arab , Tal Abyad , Ra 's al-Ayn and Qamishli , '' Erdoğan said in their speech .
Indicating that there was no plan for the Turkish army to call off the cross-border “ Operation Olive Branch ” against members of the US-backed People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) in Syria , Erdoğan described the taking of Afrin as merely a `` comma '' and warned of a surprise attack on Kurdish militant-held areas in northern Iraq .
Ankara views the YPG as the Syrian branch of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) militant group that has been fighting for an autonomous region inside Turkey since 1984 .
During the speech on Monday , the Turkish president said their troops could cross into Iraq to drive out the PKK from the region of Sinjar in the country 's north if Baghdad government was reluctant to oust the Kurdish militants from the area .
`` If ( Baghdad ) can not , we may turn up in Sinjar suddenly one night and clean up the PKK there , '' Erdoğan said .
Ankara launched the Afrin offensive on January 20 after the United States said it sought to create a 30,000-strong force near the Turkish border in Syria with the help of the so-called Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) militant group , which is mainly comprised of YPG forces .
The Syrian government has already condemned the Turkish offensive against Afrin as an act of aggression . Over 280 civilians have lost their lives since the offensive began , according to the so-called Syrian Observatory for Human Rights ( SOHR ) .
The UK-based monitor group also reported on Monday that militants with the so-called Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) had gone on a rampage in Afrin , pillaging shops and homes after capturing the city .
The FSA members broke into shops , restaurants and houses and left with foodstuff , electronic equipment , blankets and other goods , according to the SOHR report .
“ Operation Olive Branch ” is Turkey 's second major military intervention in Syria during the unprecedented foreign-backed militancy that broke out in the Arab country in 2011 .
In August 2016 , Turkey began a unilateral military intervention in northern Syria , code-named Operation Euphrates Shield , sending tanks and warplanes across the border . Ankara claimed that its military campaign was aimed at pushing the Daesh Takfiri terrorist group from Turkey 's border with Syria and stopping the advance of Kurdish militants , who were themselves fighting Daesh .
Turkey ended its campaign in northern Syria in March 2017 , but at the time did not rule out the possibility of yet another military offensive inside the Arab country .
Syria has been gripped by foreign-backed militancy since March 2011 . The Syrian government says the Israeli regime and its Western and regional allies are aiding Takfiri terrorist groups that are wreaking havoc in the country .
An airplane passenger has admitted endangering the safety of an aircraft by interfering with the plane 's tug .
At Antrim Magistrates ' Court , 51-year-old Paul Anthony Burgoyne pleaded guilty to nine offences arising from the incident on February 11 .
Burgoyne , originally from NI but now living at Temple Close , Shepshed in Loughborough , pleaded guilty to four counts of common assault , including the captain of the flight , damaging the captain 's wrist watch , using disorderly behaviour at Belfast International Airport , behaving in an abusive , insulting or threatening manner towards cabin crew and recklessly endangering the safety of an aircraft .
Following the guilty pleas , a prosecuting lawyer withdrew a further charge accusing Burgoyne of being drunk on a plane .
Defence barrister Neil Moore asked for sentencing to be adjourned for a pre-sentence probation report , describing it as a “ somewhat unusual case ” .
They revealed that having been taken off the flight , Burgoyne “ made their way forward to the tug , the vehicle that pushes a plane from its docking area ” .
“ It 's interference with the tug that is the basis of the endangerment rather than it being in flight , ” added the lawyer , who conceded it was still “ a very serious charge ” .
Freeing Burgoyne on bail , District Judge Nigel Broderick ordered a pre-sentence report and said they would pass sentence on May 22 .
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act ' - do you know who did it ?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this .
Expanded Polystyrene comprises of large number of styrene monomers , which are used to design moldable , flexible and disposable materials in the industry . It has various significant properties such as excellent lightweight , durable , and moisture resistance . Furthermore it provides versatility and reliability to the product .
The Global Expanded Polystyrene Market has been driven by the scope of its application in various sectors such as construction & buildings , packaging , automotive , and others . Moreover , it is estimated that the packaging segment is set to witness the highest growth in the market due to the growing consumption of low density materials over the forecast period .
Market Segmentation :
The Global Expanded Polystyrene Market is segregated into type and application . On the basis of the type , the market is further categorized into white , grey , and black expanded polystyrenes . The white Expanded Polystyrene is the most widely used type in the market due to its growing consumption in egg trays , vegetables , fish , poultry , and others . Moreover , waterproof resistance and superior mechanical durable nature are the major factors behind the popularity of this segment . The grey Expanded Polystyrene segment is set to drive the market on a slow pace due to its high cost effective nature during the assessment period .
On the basis of the Application , the market is segmented into construction & buildings , packaging , automotive , and others . Between these , the packaging is the leading segment in the market and is anticipated to observe a rapid growth due to an increased demand for lightweight materials in various applications . Additionally , the automotive segment is predicted to witness a higher growth in the industry due to growing substitution of heavy metals by lightweight materials .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4834
Competitive Analysis :
Some of the major players functioning in the Global Expanded Polystyrene Market are BASF SE ( Germany ) , ACH Foam Technologies , Inc ( U.S. ) , Kaneka Corporation ( Japan ) , SABIC ( Saudi Arabia ) , Alpek S.A.B . de C.V ( Mexico ) , Synbra Holding bv ( the Netherlands ) , NOVA Chemicals Corporation ( Canada ) , StyroChem® ( Canada ) , Unipol Holland B.V. ( the Netherlands ) , and Versalis S.p.A ( Italy ) among others .
Segmental Analysis :
The Global Expanded Polystyrene Market is spanned across five key regions namely Asia Pacific , North America , Europe , Latin America , and the Middle East & Africa . Among these , Asia Pacific holds the major portion of the global market and is anticipated to continue its dominance due to rising demand for Expanded Polystyrene Market in various applications . Countries such as China , Japan and India are the major players in this region . The North America region is estimated to witness a higher growth in the U.S , Canada and Mexico owing to increasing demand for lightweight materials in packaging , automotive , and construction & buildings sectors . The enactment of new rules and regulations set by the European Union has driven the manufacturers to use polystyrene foam in the end-use industries . Moreover , it is projected that the advancing research & development of product in the market has propelled this region to witness a significant growth in Germany , the U.K. and Italy .
The Middle East & Africa is estimated to observe a significant growth due to increasing consumption of lightweight materials in construction & buildings , packaging and automotive sectors . Additionally , the growing demand for humid resistant and low density materials in construction & buildings industry is projected to boost the market in the Latin American region .
Browse Full Report Details @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/expanded-polystyrene-market-4834
Key Points from Table of Contents :
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
3 Market Research Methodology
4 Market Landscape
5 Industry Overviews of Global Expanded polystyrene Market
6 Market Trends
7 . Global Expanded polystyrene Market by Type
8 . Global Expanded polystyrene Market by Application
9 . Global Expanded polystyrene Market by Region
10 . Company Landscape
11 . Company Profiles
11.1 BASF SE
11.1.1 Company Overview
11.1.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.1.3 Financial Updates
11.1.4 Key Developments
11.2 ACH Foam Technologies , Inc
11.2.1 Company Overview
11.2.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.2.3 Financial Updates
11.2.4 Key Developments
11.3 Kaneka Corporation
11.3.1 Company Overview
11.3.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.3.3 Financial Updates
11.3.4 Key Developments
11.4 SABIC
11.4.1 Company Overview
11.4.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.4.3 Financial Updates
11.4.4 Key Developments
11.5 Alpek S.A.B . de C.V
11.5.1 Company Overview
11.5.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.5.3 Financial Updates
11.5.4 Key Developments
12 Conclusion
Make an Enquiry before buying @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/4834
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by Components , Application , Logistics and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 524/528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
DURING the Boao Forum for Asia held in the island province of Hainan , China , earlier this month , I was privileged to have been invited as a speaker in a panel chaired by former Chinese vice foreign minister Fu Ying . Among the suggestions I mooted to the audience , which included many officials and think-tankers , was for the countries along the Belt and Road Initiative proposed by China to seriously consider and swiftly implement visa-free travel among themselves . I have always believed that more hassle-free travel and therefore contacts between the people of different countries can indeed lead to closer relationships on many different levels .
Well , I will not venture to boast that this suggestion was taken seriously by the authorities concerned . But just a few days afterwards , China announced that the whole island of Hainan would become a free trade zone , and among the policy items which accompany that momentous pronouncement would be visa-free travel to Hainan for more than 50 countries from the region and beyond . I applaud this bold and timely move on China 's part , and I sincerely hope that it will be extended to many other major cities and provinces in China , and other countries in the region would also follow suit .
I made another suggestion and reminder during the Boao Forum , that of the importance of a sometimes overlooked “ route ” of the Belt and Road Initiative . The South Pacific Route of the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road ( the “ Road ” part of the initiative ) was indeed spelled out in the initial policy paper on the Belt and Road Initiative released by China during the Boao Forum in 2015 . Over time , however , world attention has mainly focused on the many projects and achievements of the route which passes westward through Southeast Asia ( via the Malacca Strait ) to South Asia , the Middle East and East Africa . This was perhaps due to the many traditional sea routes traversing these regions which are vital to world trade .
But I think the South Pacific Route should be similarly revitalized . It could start from Hainan , passing through the western side of the Philippine islands , the Sulu Sea , the Celebes Sea , the eastern shorelines of Papua New Guinea and Australia , then onward to New Zealand and the islands of the South Pacific . In ancient times , this was reported to be the region where trade and human exchanges were once vibrant . But frankly , in modern times , with the exceptions of perhaps Australia and New Zealand , this part of the world could see more thriving economic and other sorts of development .
And I am of course selfishly including my home state of Sabah in this picture , being on one side of the Sulu Sea . Sabah , just as its many other neighboring regional counterparts , is blessed with an abundance of natural resources , but has long been constrained in its developmental efforts by many factors , chief of which is the lack of modern infrastructure . The so-called Pan Borneo Highway linking Sabah and Sarawak has only recently being constructed . I think there should indeed be a network of highways and also railways which circumnavigate the whole of the island of Borneo , linking ports and major cities of Sabah , Sarawak , Brunei and Kalimantan . It would be even nicer if there could be crisscrossing transport trunks , but I am realistic – let 's first link up all the major coastal population and business centers of Borneo . Similarly , I read with much pleasure and hope the Philippine proposal to link up some of its islands with bridges and thus enable more inter-island traffic . All these infrastructural projects are undoubtedly costly , and we can only hope that they could be at least partially funded under the South Pacific Route of the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road .
There have been quite a few regional developmental initiatives in our neighborhood . The BIMP-EAGA first set up in the 1990s come to mind , encompassing Brunei , Indonesia , Malaysia and the Philippines , with the aim of furthering subregional economic integration . But the 1998 Asian financial crisis let out a lot of its steam . It could nevertheless be revived and become a platform on which the South Pacific Route could flourish . We must be ambitious and innovative in our approach to this . Imagine a free trade route which stretches from Hainan to the South Pacific through the eastern part of Southeast Asia . Free flow of goods , services and people should be the order of the day , and solidarity with the least developed corners of our subregion must be emphasized .
We should not deny that our part of Southeast Asia is not immune from security ( in the forms of terrorism and piracy , for example ) and even natural ( in the forms of typhoons and earthquakes ) threats . But I again firmly believe that such threats could be ameliorated to a large extent by more intensive socio-economic development . People tend not to steal and rob if they can find decent livelihood with prospects of future prosperity . And we must always help one another in times of need . Only then will we find true peace and prosperity .
COTABATO CITY : A barangay ( village ) chairperson in Surallah , South Cotabato , who is on the narco-list of President Rodrigo Duterte was arrested by police officers on Wednesday . Chief Inspector Aldrin Gonzales , speaking for the Police Regional Office in Region 12 ( PRO 12 ) , identified the suspect as Pudi Udasan Ambalgan , 54 , chairperson of Barangay Upper Sepaka , Surallah . The 54-year-old village official did not resist arrest when members of the regional , provincial and municipal police showed them three warrants for their arrest for violation of Republic Act 9165 or the Dangerous Drugs Law and RA 10591 or Illegal Possession of Firearms and Explosives . Seized from Ambalgan were two caliber 45 pistols with bullets , a caliber 30 Carbine rifle and ammunition . A police report said no illegal drugs were confiscated from Ambalgan , who is listed in the narco list of the President as a “ high value target ” of the Philippine National Police .
Hello traders everywhere . The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield has risen above 3 % for the first time since January of 2014 , signaling that higher interest rates are ahead for the U.S. bond market as the Federal Reserve is intent on boosting interest rates after keeping them at historically low levels for some time . The yield , the benchmark for everything from U.S. mortgages to dollar bonds in developing nations , climbed as high as 3.0014 % in morning trading , before slipping back below 3 % to 2.979 % in the early afternoon .
As the 10-year yield broke three percent the stock market turned lower with the DOW losing over 1 % on the day with the S & P 500 losing .80 % and the NASDAQ falling 1.4 % as tech is posting heavy losses .
Speaking of tech , the FAANG stocks are all lower on the day with Alphabet leading the way . Alphabet ( Google ) is posting a loss of over 4.5 % on the day after reporting earnings where they made a lot of money , but investors are worried about rising expenses .
The other FAANG members are posting steep losses as well . Facebook declined 3.4 % , Amazon 3.8 % , Netflix declined 4.2 % and Apple is losing just a tad over 1 % on the day .
Key Levels To Watch This Week :
S & P 500 ( CME : SP500 ) : 2,553.80
Dow ( INDEX : DJI ) : 23,344.52
NASDAQ ( NASDAQ : COMP ) : 6,805.90
Gold ( NYMEX : GC.M18.E ) : 1,337.60
Crude Oil ( NYMEX : CL.M18.E ) : 67.14
U.S. Dollar ( NYBOT : DX.M18.E ) : 88.94
Bitcoin ( CME : BRTI ) : 6,616.14
Every Success ,
Jeremy Lutz
INO.com and MarketClub.com
Indian Rights activist and newspaper columnist , Rhyaan Shah has identified their vehicle that was stolen from their late last year at gunpoint , leading police to two men who are already behind bars , for several similar offences .
Sources said in December , 2017 police intercepted Shah 's car , which was being driven by Shawn Archibald , and had two other occupants including a woman and Timothy Waldron .
Although it had a valid registration , investigators became suspicious and took the car to a police station where further checks were made .
“ The said vehicle was found in possession of a male who claimed ownership and even produced a valid registration but investigators had their own suspicions and impounded the vehicle , pending further investigation , ” the Guyana Police Force said in a statement
Archibald and Waldron have been charged and imprisoned for other criminal offences . However , investigators said they would be charged with additional offences and placed before the court next week .
The 66-year old Shah on Friday reportedly identified their Toyota Allion car which was stolen from them by three males as they were about to drive into their yard at Irving Street , Queenstown , Georgetown on November 4 , 2017 .
“ Today the victim positively identified their stolen property which was impounded recently at an ‘ A ' Division Station . Them registration matched that of the engine and chassis numbers with the only exception being the colour which was changed , ” the Guyana Police Force said .
Archibald and Waldron have been already charged with armed robbery allegedly committed on Trevor Campbell at Republic Avenue , Mackenzie , Linden on December 31 , 2017 . They allegedly stole a gold chain valued GY $ 740,000 from the gold miner while they were standing in the vicinity of the Mackenzie Market .
They were also charged with gun-robberies committed on Roy Jaundoo of two gold chains valued GY $ 220,000 and one IPhone valued GY $ 186,000 on January 1 , 2018 at West Ruimveldt .
Police alleged that on September 5 , 2017 at Festival City , North Ruimveldt Archibald fraudulently used a fake registration number , PTT 233 , on a red vehicle knowing same to be false , and on December 5 , 2017 , Waldron allegedly used a fake registration number , PTT 1946 , on a Silver Toyota Premio vehicle knowing same to be false . Waldron is also accused of stealing a motor car on December 30 , 2017 at Better Hope , East Coast Demerara .
According to a new report , Global In-Memory Database Market ( 2016-2022 ) , published by KBV Research , the In-Memory Database is expected to attain a market size of $ 7.7billion by 2022 , growing at a CAGR of 19.6 % during the forecast period .
Superior data processing speed , cost effective RAM prices , and massive amount of data being generated from various industries would be the major drivers for the market growth during the forecast period . The global in-memory database market is segmented into application , data type , processing type , deployment model , organization size , vertical , and region . Based on applications , the transaction segment is the major segment with maximum market share , as the segment has gained significant importance among corporates and enterprises . The fast growing e-commerce industry has driven the trend of cashless payments mode across the world , which is a major factor driving the transaction application . Based on processing type , the Online Analytical Processing ( OLAP ) processing is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period . OLAP systems are typically used for Business Intelligence ( BI ) and reporting , business process management , sales management , and forecasting .
On-premises deployment model is a highly preferred model as compared to the on-demand deployment model . The on-premises deployment model is a platform offering confidentiality and privacy parameters enabling companies to have a full control of the data ; therefore , organizations mostly are adopting the on-premises deployment model .
Regionally , North America would be the leading region with maximum market share . The APAC region on the contrary would be a region with tremendous growth opportunities , and would grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period .
The report has exhaustive quantitative insights providing a clear picture of the market potential in various segments across the globe with country wise analysis in each discussed region . The key influencing factors of the In-Memory Database have been discussed in the report along with the elaborated company profiles of IBM Corporation , Microsoft Corporation , HP Enterprise Company , Oracle Corporation , SAP SE , CA , Inc. , Teradata Corporation , Tableau Software , Inc. and Kognitio Ltd .
Full report : https : //kbvresearch.com/global-in-memory-database-market/
Segmentation
Global In-Memory Database Market By Processing Type
Online Transaction Processing
Online Analytics Processing
Global In-Memory Database Market By Data Type
Relational
NoSql
NewSql
Global In-Memory Database Market By Organization Size
Small and Medium Businesses
Large Enterprises
Global In-Memory Database Market By Application
Transaction
Reporting
Analytics
Others
Global In-Memory Database Market By Deployment Mode
On-Demand
On-Premise
Global In-Memory Database Market By Vertical
Manufacturing
Retail
Telecom & IT
Government & Defense
Energy & Utilities
Transportation & Logistics
Others
Global In-Memory Database Market By Geography
North America In-Memory Database Market
U.S. In-Memory Database Market
Canada In-Memory Database Market
Mexico In-Memory Database Market
Rest of North America In-Memory Database Market
Europe In-Memory Database Market
Germany In-Memory Database Market
U.K. In-Memory Database Market
France In-Memory Database Market
Russia In-Memory Database Market
Spain In-Memory Database Market
Italy In-Memory Database Market
Rest of EuropeIn-Memory Database Market
Asia-Pacific In-Memory Database Market
China In-Memory Database Market
Japan In-Memory Database Market
India In-Memory Database Market
South Korea In-Memory Database Market
Singapore In-Memory Database Market
Malaysia In-Memory Database Market
Rest of Asia-Pacific In-Memory Database Market
LAMEA In-Memory Database Market
Brazil In-Memory Database Market
Argentina In-Memory Database Market
UAE In-Memory Database Market
Saudi Arabia In-Memory Database Market
South Africa In-Memory Database Market
Nigeria In-Memory Database Market
Rest of LAMEA In-Memory Database Market
Companies Profiled
IBM Corporation
Microsoft Corporation
HP Enterprise Company
Oracle Corporation
SAP SE
CA , Inc .
Teradata Corporation .
Tableau Software , Inc .
Kognitio Ltd .
Unique Offerings from KBV Research
Exhaustive coverage of In-Memory Database Market
Highest number of market tables and figures
Unique “ Market Research & Analytics Tool ” to provide instant comparative analysis within the report
Subscription based model available
Free of cost quarterly updates
Guaranteed best price
Assured post sales research support with 10 % customization free
Related Reports :
North America In-Memory Database Market ( 2016-2022 )
Europe In-Memory Database Market ( 2016-2022 )
Asia Pacific In-Memory Database Market ( 2016-2022 )
LAMEA In-Memory Database Market ( 2016-2022 )
Pointe Claire , Quebec ( Webnewswire ) June 14 , 2017 – Future Electronics , a global leading distributor of electronic components , was named the Americas Distributor of the Year for 2016 by Panasonic , for the third consecutive year .
The announcement was made at the recent EDS Summit held at The Mirage in Las Vegas from May 16-19 , 2017 . This is the first time that a distributor has won the award three years in a row .
“ This achievement amplifies our position within Panasonic as a respected valuable global partner , ” said Lucy Diodati , Supplier Development Manager for Future Electronics . “ Panasonic is a tremendous brand and we are honored by the recognition of our performance in 2016 . ”
“ Channel Partners are continuously measured by Panasonic by a detailed set of standards that go beyond increased sales revenue , ” said Tony Tomasso , Director Sales and Marketing of the Components Sales Division for Panasonic . “ To be named Distributor of the Year , distributors need to excel for Panasonic in other areas such as operational efficiency , marketing , support for new products and a host of other criteria . We are pleased to name Future Electronics Distributor of the Year for Fiscal 2016 as a result of their excellent partnership with Panasonic and we look forward to continued growth together . ”
For more information about Future Electronics , visit : www.FutureElectronics.com .
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution , ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide , with an impressive reputation for developing efficient , comprehensive global supply chain solutions . Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller , President , Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today , with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world . Future Electronics is globally integrated , with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access , while enabling full integration of its operations , sales and marketing worldwide . Offering the highest level of service , the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle , and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world , Future 's mission is always to Delight the CustomerÂ® . For more information , visit www.FutureElectronics.com
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director , Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 ( ext . 2236 )
Fax : 514-630-2671
martin.gordon @ FutureElectronics.com
# # #
For such a grim , serious and violent game , God of War sure is making people on the internet laugh .
God of War is a pleasant surprise . Playing as Kratos , the curmudgeonly dad and their precious son Atreus is both narratively satisfying and has interesting gameplay . It 's also given rise to one of my favorite current internet jokes . Please just click play on this video from YouTuber The Goose :
You see , Kratos has a habit of calling their son “ boy. ” A lot . This has not escaped the internet 's notice .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
The idea of Kratos as a put upon father is amusing , because in all the other God of War games he 's been an unrepentant murderer . He 's still really into violence , but the interplay between them and their more cheerful son is hitting a chord with people .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Finance Minister Steven Joyce still has income tax in their sights where they see more room to move on marginal rates but has n't put a priority on company taxation which the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development says is an area where potential gains could be made in encouraging business investment .
READ MORE :
•
The OECD 's two-year survey of New Zealand 's economy and policy settings was released today , with a focus on lifting the country 's productivity and preparing for growing use of automation and artificial intelligence in the labour market .
Among its policy prescriptions was encouraging the government to cut the 28 per cent corporate tax rate to reduce the cost of capital and spur business investment .
Advertisement
At a briefing in Wellington , Joyce said the Crown 's current forecasts do n't give it room to move on tax for the next year or so because major infrastructure spending will mop up any spare fiscal capacity , and any move that is made would be on income tax .
`` I 'm worried that potentially lower income New Zealanders would be worried about what entitlements and transfers they lose by taking on a new job and by moving to a higher paying job - I think we 've got some room to move in the space , '' they said .
By contrast , company tax was more like a withholding tax for New Zealand shareholders because of imputation credits , and unlike other jurisdictions , the corporate rate was more relevant to international investors , Joyce said . With the work on base erosion and profit sharing going on at the OECD , Joyce said as those changes bed in `` I 'd like to look overall at our company tax structure , but it certainly has n't been a priority . ''
Government data today showed business investment climbed 3.7 per cent in the year ended March 31 and is up 37 per cent since March 2010 , just before the government announced plans to cut the then 30 per cent corporate tax rate .
Have you seen a rubber ducky in a race before ? Well you 'll have your chance to find out this weekend . The Rubber Ducky Derby is coming to the CSRA .
You can adopt a yellow ducky to race down the Savannah River . The event supports the United Way of the C-S-R-A The Rubber Ducky Derby is for all ages and the event is free.The price to adopt a duck is $ 5 for one and $ 25 for 6 ducks .
The Derby starts at noon and the race starts at 1 p.m .
Copyright 2017 WFXG . All rights reserved .
It was supposed to be a hilarious gag that would win a lucky lady $ 1000 on Valentine 's Day .
But when Aussie radio hosts Kyle Sandilands and Jackie O asked a caller to tell their wife they wanted threesome , the pair almost broke up , the Daily Mail reports .
READ MORE :
• No Valentine ? No problem for these stars
• Shortland Street 's epic 'penis ' cliffhanger goes viral
As part of the gag , a caller named Marl called their wife Nicole and told them that they missed men and wanted the pair to have a threesome .
Nicole did n't find the suggestion at all funny , breaking down and crying 'Seriously , my wife is telling me they want to be someone else ! '
Marl was determined to win the money so they played along even when their partner was becoming upset .
'Are you serious ? To be honest , no , it 's not anything I 'm interested in , ' Nicole told their partner then added , 'Am I not good enough for you , is that what it is ? '
They then became angry and told them wife , 'If it 's something you want to do then maybe you should just go and do it . '
Marl pushed their wife , who has never had a relationship with a man , to to bring when they said they 'misses penis ' .
Nicole broke down crying , 'Why the f * * k would you marry me ? I do n't think I can be there when you get home . '
Kyle and Jackie realised the prank had gone way too far and stepped in to save the pair from splitting up on live radio . However all was not entirely well as Marl admitted at the end of the joke that they did in fact miss men ' a little ' .
- NZ Herald
The actor said they looked like `` a complete spoon '' in the outfit .
Catherine Tyldesley has told how they had to keep their body hidden from view when they FaceTimed their son while dressed as a “ bondagey reindeer ” for scenes in Coronation Street .
The actor 's character Eva Price gets dressed up to help out in the grotto , but ends up as a sexy reindeer instead of a cute and cuddly one .
Tyldesley , mother of a two-year-old son , said of the skimpy outfit : “ It 's so illegal ! They 're at a community centre , it 's a children 's nativity and I felt bad actually wearing that outfit in front of children !
“ I actually FaceTimed my son from my neck upwards . There 's nothing fluffy about it , it 's a bondagey reindeer ! ”
Catherine Tyldesley ( Matt Crossick/PA )
They added : “ It 's very fitted and shorter than short , but I had big red knickers on so it was fine . It 's like a tutu .
“ And a little red nose – I look like a complete spoon , but it works for the show . ”
Eva 's new love interest Adam ( Sam Robertson ) also helps out at the grotto , and the actor said their relationship heats up .
They said : “ When they go to get changed they ca n't get their outfit off and he 's like , ‘ Oh , well I 'll help you ' and then things get a little bit more than steamy .
“ But it 's very funny ; that 's the comic relief at Christmas . ”
© Press Association 2017
There was a time not too distant past when Kiwi eye doctor Thiran Jayasundera would be faced with telling patients when they would lose their sight for ever .
Then they found themselves implanting bionic eyes - an astounding development in technology that has given hope to those who believed they would be blind forever .
Jayasundera , 42 , is among the world 's finest retinal specialists presenting at next week 's Retina International World Congress in Auckland .
Auckland was home to Jayasundera just 10 years ago , before leaving for the United States where they continued to develop the skills that led to carrying out ground-breaking surgery .
Advertisement
In January 2014 , they and their team at the University of Michigan 's Kellogg Eye Center carried out the United States ' first implantation of a bionic eye .
It was world-leading surgery , carried out on patient Linda Schulte who had endured 15 years of being blind through an inherited condition known as retinitis pigmentosa . The condition , for which there is no cure , causes cells in the retina to slowly die .
Through four-and-a-half hours of painstaking , exacting surgery , Jayasundera attached a 5mm computer chip worth around $ 200,000 to Schulte 's retina .
They saw Schulte the day they spoke to the Herald on Sunday , and asked their husband Paul what difference it had made to their life .
`` He said , one thing is it has made them a happier person . '' The happiness came through restored , restricted vision - seeing a grandchild run into a room , having a visual bond which was shared with others who were sighted .
For Jayasundera , that was fulfilment of the desire which led them to to Auckland Medical School.years earlier .
`` I never imagined I would be doing this . I feel privileged . ''
Jayasundera was born in Sri Lanka , moving to New Zealand with their parents when they were 13 . They attended New Plymouth Boys ' High and then Auckland Grammar before attending medical school , inspired by family GPs from both Taranaki anbd the Queen City .
`` This sounds cheesey , but just trying to help people appealed to me . ''
The Argus II - as the bionic eye is more properly called - sees 60 electrodes attached to the retina through which electrical impulses are sent . The chip receives those impulses from a video camera attached to a pair of glasses .
The impulses - potentially 60 pixels from the 60 electrodes - send signals to the brain which give a limited form of vision .
In high contrast situations , it might be shapes , or a `` sparkle '' the brain recognises as a particular object . `` People are able to see the doorway , or to see pillars so they do n't bump into things so much .
`` A grandchild playing call - a patient might see a flickering light . ''
Jayasundera 's current work , aside from surgeries which have now seen them implant the devices in 10 people , is focused on assessing who sight-restoring treatments should be given to and whether they have worked .
The developing science , meanwhile , is switching from mechanical to biological solutions - also a feature of the two-day conference next weekend .
TEHRAN , Iran ( AP ) — Iranian state TV says police have arrested a man who was hoarding two tons of gold coins in order to manipulate the market .
The Wednesday report quotes Tehran police chief Gen. Hossein Rahimi as saying the 58-year-old suspect had accomplices who helped them collect the coins over the past 10 months . They did not identify the suspect , who state media referred to as the `` Sultan of Coins . ''
Two tons would be the equivalent of around 250,000 coins .
Iranians have stocked up on gold coins and other safe haven investments as the local currency has plummeted in recent months . The Iranian rial has plunged to 90,000 to the dollar — double the government rate of 42,000 .
Here we go again , another Giants trip to Green Bay in the playoffs , invading frigid Lambeau Field as an underdog , facing a legendary quarterback , seeking to legitimize and extend a playoff ride .
In 2007 and again in 2011 , it was Tom Coughlin leading the charge , and we all know how it turned out . After the 2007 season , it was the Giants defense making Brett Favre look old , Coughlin 's face nearly cracking in a modern-day Ice Bowl redux , Eli Manning with surgical strikes to Plaxico Burress , and Lawrence Tynes finally ending it in overtime kicking a field goal with a frozen , black-and-purple right foot . In 2011 , it was Manning to Hakeem Nicks on a Hail Mary , the harassing of Aaron Rodgers and the exploitation of a suspect packer secondary with a high-octane passing attack .
Now it is Ben McAdoo 's turn to go into Vince Lombardi 's former stomping grounds and survive and advance . For another head coach , this would be the jumping-off point for a wild emotional ride : McAdoo spent eight years with the Packers , honing their coaching methods , working for their mentor Mike McCarthy . In their first season as a head coach , here is McAdoo , all of 39 years old , taking their 11-5 Giants back to where they grew up in the NFL , coming full-circle . This is a ready-made storyline that is not fabricated .
McAdoo , you can be sure , is not going to budge even an inch on this one . If a verbal stiff-arm is an acquired skill , McAdoo has it down pat . They will not answer what they do not want to answer . Immediately following the 19-10 regular-season-ending victory over the Redskins , McAdoo was asked to reflect on an 11-win season . No chance . McAdoo is not a reflector ; they are a deflector .
“ I thought we came out today and played physical , hard-nosed football on the grass , '' McAdoo said , not even coming close to responding to the question . Sometimes it is irritating , sometimes it is comical , always it is all McAdoo .
They will have to say something nice about McCarthy because there 's mutual respect there . You can be sure Rodgers will say kind things about their former quarterbacks coach . Anyone waiting for some real nostalgia from McAdoo might as well keep squeezing that stone and waiting for blood to ooze out . Not gon na happen . Earlier this season , when McAdoo went back to Pittsburgh , not far from their home town of Homer City , Pa. , they naturally are asked about what the game meant to him .
“ That 's a better question for Homer City , '' McAdoo said dryly . If they said , “ That 's a better question for Homer Simpson , '' now that would have been a line .
This is a big , big deal . McAdoo , in their first year , has turned around a team that had fallen into disrepair with four consecutive seasons out of the playoffs and three straight losing seasons . When a new head man arrives , everyone waits to see if they can put their stamp on the team and if so , what that stamp will be . McAdoo is presiding over a tough , resilient team that never gets too far ahead of itself . They are an offensive guy running a team that relies too heavily on defense . Getting the Giants back into the playoffs is quite a feat , and that the first postseason game is in Green Bay is perfect symmetry . McAdoo knows this , but they are n't going to buy in , at least not for public consumption .
McAdoo seems to genuinely love the preparation , so you just know they are smiling when they hear Odell Beckham Jr. say something like this :
“ It feels amazing , but now we got to lock in , we got to focus , we got a big game ahead , '' Beckham said after extinguishing the Redskins ' playoff hopes . “ We got have the best week of preparation we had all year and come out ready to play . We got to execute better , play at a higher level . Everything 's at stake next week , it 's win or go home . Never been in that position , but I 'm excited for the first time to be in the playoffs . ''
This is the first time for McAdoo , too , taking their own team into what Eli Manning described as “ the dance . '' Manning twice before got into the dance and did not exit until two Super Bowls were won . McAdoo knows all about this . Both times , McAdoo was a Packers assistant coach getting bounced by the quarterback they now entrust to keep them dancing .
The playoffs are where legacies are born . Manning is looking to add to his . McAdoo is looking to display their coaching chops back where they learned the ropes . In the days leading up to this one , how McAdoo feels about The Return no doubt will stay embedded deep within their own thoughts . Exactly where they want them to stay .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said in July the number of the solid orders for the MC-21 aircraft went from 175 up to 205 .
© Photo : aviationunion.org Prospective designs for the MC-21 , including the MC-21-200 , a 150 passenger variant , the MC-21-300 , a 180 passenger variant , and the MC-21-400 , a 210 passenger variant .
“ At the MAKS-2017 air show , 40 contracts and agreement were signed . They were with such companies as Aeroflot , IrAero , Red Wings . The deliveries will go to the domestic market . At the moment , contracts and orders with airlines and leasing companies have been signed for 175 MC-21 aircraft , ” Manturov said .
The minister said that the aircraft would be certified by the Russian civil aviation authorities in 2019 . The following year , the aircraft is expected to be approved for a European Aviation Safety Agency certificate , according to Manturov .
“ Only then can we discuss deliveries to foreign markets , ” the industry minister added .
The MC-21 , produced by Russia 's Irkut Corporation , has the maximum capacity of 165 passengers for MC-21-200 and 211 passengers for MC-21-300 .
© Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Russia
Almost 50 Enterprise Ireland staff earn over €100k
03 February 2018
By Gordon Deegan
The number of Enterprise Ireland employees earning more than €100,000 doubled last year to 49 , after ratification of the Lansdowne Road public pay agreement .
The figures were provided by Enterprise Ireland in response to Freedom of Information request .
They show that 33 permanent employees now earn €100,000 to €150,000 . That represents a major jump on the numbers in that bracket in 2016 .
Two employees , including chief executive Julie Sinnamon , earn €150,000 to €200,000 , the figures show .
“ In 2017 the salaries of 18 existing staff increased and exceeded €100,000 as a result of approved pay restoration in line with the Public Services Stability Agreement 2013-2018 — the Lansdowne Road Agreement , ” said Enterprise Ireland .
The Lansdowne Road Agreement pay restoration will mean an increase in workers in state agencies earning over €100,000 .
Enterprise Ireland said the number of overseas staff being paid more than €100,000 increased from 10 to 14 last year .
Last year , Enterprise Ireland client companies created 19,332 jobs with 65 % of employment located outside Dublin . Net new jobs totalled 10,309 , bringing to 209,338 the number of employees in companies supported by the agency .
The figures also showed that Enterprise Ireland spent almost €23m , in 2016 , on operating its global network of 32 offices . The running of its London office was the costliest , with capital and operating costs amounting to €2.7m .
Share it :
Do n't Miss
May 25 , 1929 - July 1 , 2018
Memorial Mass of Christian Burial will be held at 10:30 a.m. on Friday , July 6 , 2018 at St. Peter 's Catholic Church for Mildred E. “ Millie ” Egerman , age 89 , of St . Cloud , who passed away on July 1 , 2018 at the Assumption Home in Cold Spring . Reverend Gregory Lieser will officiate . Burial will be held in the Minnesota State Veteran 's Cemetery in Little Falls . Visitation will be held from 9:00 a.m. until the time of the service on Friday at the Church .
Millie was born on May 25 , 1929 to Andrew and Clarinda ( Rooney ) Murphy in Avon Township , Minnesota . They were united in marriage to Virgil C. Egerman on May 29 , 1954 at St. Anthony 's Catholic Church in St . Cloud . Millie graduated from the St . Cloud Hospital School of Nursing in 1949 and worked at the St . Cloud Hospital and the St . Cloud V.A . Medical Center . They were a member of the Retired Nurses Association , the Nurses Alumni of the St . Cloud Hospital , the Christian Women and St. Peter 's Catholic Church , where they faithfully attended for many years .
Millie was a loving wife , mother , grandmother and great-grandmother . They loved spending time with family and friends , especially their grandchildren , great-grandchildren and pets . They also enjoyed giving of their time and nursing skills by volunteering for various organizations throughout the St . Cloud area . Millie was an avid Minnesota Twins and North Stars fan who enjoyed watching games and following the players . They also enjoyed traveling and going to the casino .
They are survived by their husband , Virgil , of 64 years ; children , Karen Egerman , of Bellingham , WA , Kate ( Fred ) Henson , of East Greenbush , NY and Lynn ( Brian ) Orcutt , of St. Joseph ; grandchildren , Sara ( Joe ) Bye , Rachel ( Kent ) Grove , Joe ( Cheyenne ) Orcutt ; and eight great-grandchildren ; and many nieces , nephews , relatives and friends .
They are preceded in death by their parents ; son , Joseph and siblings , Thomas , Rahlen , DeWayne , Joseph , Muriel Philippi and Myra Scherer .
The car giant Toyota has introduced its own finance house to the Irish market , offering loans and finance deals on new and used vehicles through its dealer network . Toyota Financial Services Ireland , which will begin with 22 staff , has an initial capitalisation of more than €20 million . It expects total loan assets to grow to more than €350 million within five years .
With close to 50 per cent of Toyota 's customers in the Republic availing of some form of finance , the new banking arm will offer products such as personal contract plan , or PCP , deals and hire-purchase agreements . It expects about 4,000 new and used contracts to be written in the first year , with a total value of €70 million . According to Toyota Ireland 's chief executive , Steve Tormey , rates on PCP deals start at 2.9 per cent but average 3.9 per cent , putting the company “ in a very competitive position relative to both local and captive banks ” .
Diesel sales slide
Mr Tormey says the hit that resale values are taking because of the ongoing slide in diesel sales is reflected in the guaranteed residual values it is writing into its PCP deals . “ Because Toyota Financial Services guarantees the future residual values of the car – and not the dealer , as with other banks – we see the guaranteed value for a hybrid after three years is working out at 43 per cent , whereas we 've put it down to 37 per cent for a diesel . That 's because we have to be sure that in three years ' time we 're happy with the resale price we can get for that car. ” The bank estimates petrol models ' future value at 39 per cent .
With diesel now representing just one in five Toyota passenger-car sales in Ireland , Mr Tormey said the firm would listen to customers on the matter . “ There are countries in Europe where Toyota no longer offer diesel passenger cars , Norway being one and Italy another . ”
The car company 's in-house bank already operates in more than 30 countries and has global assets of €160 billion . The new Irish operation is the first joint venture between the car firm 's global finance arm and a private national distributor . Toyota 's finance offerings were previously provided by Bank of Ireland .
Loans will be available for all new Toyota and Lexus models , including commercial vehicles , as well as used cars from other brands on sale from Toyota dealers . New-car sales figures released earlier this week show Toyota is the bestselling car brand in Ireland so far in 2018 .
Everything is askew in the destruction of pen No . 2 at Cooke Aquaculture 's Atlantic salmon fish farm off Cypress Island in August of 2017 . Alan Berner Seattle Times/TNS
Fifth Third Bank in Cincinnati joined a small but growing group of banks allowing customers to access ATM services through their mobile devices .
Melissa Stevens , Fifth Third 's chief digital officer and head of innovation , design and omnichannel experiences .
The $ 142 billion-asset bank announced Monday that its customers now can use all functions of its ATMs with their Fifth Third mobile banking app instead of a physical card . Fifth Third operates approximately 2,500 ATMs in its 10-state retail footprint , all of which will offer card-free access , not including partner ATMs .
To use the service , customers sign in to Fifth Third 's mobile banking app , choose the account from which they want to withdraw money and tap on its cardless ATM icon . Next , they touch the ATM screen , scan the code that appears , enter their PIN and then begin banking .
Fifth Third joins Wells Fargo , JPMorgan Chase and other banks offering such a service , as banks seek to increase adoption of digital services as well as reduce fraud . Fifth Third said it also wanted to cater to its increasing mobile user base ; it has seen a 40 % increase in logins to the mobile banking app from December 2016 to December 2017 .
“ Fifth Third is bringing new innovations to customers on a regular basis , and I 'm excited that this new feature connects two channels our customers use frequently — our mobile app and Fifth Third ATMs , ” Melissa Stevens , Fifth Third 's chief digital officer and head of innovation , design and omnichannel experiences , said in a press release .
FLAGSTAFF , Ariz. ( AP ) — Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles .
The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology .
Uber 's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday . The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit , Tempe police Sgt . Ronald Elcock said .
The woman , whose name has n't been released , died of their injuries at a hospital .
Advertisement
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation .
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles , leaving much of the regulation up to states .
The U.S. Department of Transportation is considering other voluntary guidelines that it says will help foster innovation . But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chaos also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles , citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . In 2017 alone , 33 states introduced legislation .
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the autonomous vehicle testing phase . As of early March , the agency received 59 such reports .
Guptill 's gone again ! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury , set to miss T20 , first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused them to miss the final ODI against Australia last month .
Deep beyond the hem of the capital far from the city limits amidst the smell of soot and smoke in the land of Chief Chinhamora in Nyamande Village , Domboshava , lies a magnificent mansion that can easily get a slot on MTV cribs .
Conspicuously different from homes in its surroundings , this home has become the status symbol and hallmark of the splurging and bling life of Genius “ My Guy ” Kadungure of the Bentley IPad fame . The mansion is a definite head turner and were a way to lift it , it could be easily placed in the famous Borrowdale Brooke estate .
But the ownership of this mansion has become debatable lately . While the popular socialite and business person Genius Ginimbi Kadungure claims to have built the mansion in their home area where they grew up , a fortnight ago things took a rather curious turn . There was a new twist to the ownership of this house . It emerged on court record that flamboyant business person Zodwa Mkandla also claims ownership to the house that Ginimbi built .
These ownership details leaked in a case in which Zodwa , who is popularly known as Zozo , lost property worth $ 60 000 at the house in question and had to have the Bobbies get in on the case to help them crack the case and recover what they lost .
In the court case , the State detailed that Zodwa lost the property at their Domboshava mansion to one of their security personnel , a man identified as Justice Jasi . Justice allegedly did injustice in spite of the trust vested in him .
The two businesspeople ( Zozo and Ginimbi ) have both NEVER categorically stated their marital status despite speculation and rumours that the two are married under Marriage Act which will entitle them to dual ownership of properties . In fact in the latest interview on Star FM , Ginimbi skirted answering the question on their marital status or ‘ first lady ' . Yet the new revelation could prove one of three things .
Either Genius is masquerading as a homeowner and is actually being looked after like the proverbial church mouse , or the two have joint ownership by virtue of being married and therefore indeed Zodwa and Genius could be an item in a secret marriage , or the two could simply be joint owners without marriage . Yet sources in the couple 's circles told this publication that the two are business partners and not lovers .
“ The two are business partners and not lovers as presumed ; they are just close that 's all , ” said a source close to the power couple .
However , the street jury has given the verdict that the two are an item and Zozo is the anchor of Ginimbi 's finances , a claim that Ginimbi is on record denying . With lucrative palpable business , it would seem Genius feeds off the sweat and genius of Zozo 's widely celebrated business acumen and tenacity . Genius became popular for their traditional all white parties where they flaunt their wealth , popping expensive bottles of whiskey .
Zozo has been prominent at these parties , giving credence to word that the two are either business partners or an item with Zozo being the benefactor . Both have strong rural backgrounds with Ginimbi having grown up in rural Domboshava while Zozo was born in rural Matabeleland ( Bubi ) .
Their lavish lifestyle , where Ginimbi is the most vain , has been flaunted on popular social network sites such as Instagram and Snapchat , with Genius being known to do the preposterous and bizarre , their latest antic being the dry humping of a poor chubby chap at their last all white party in South Africa that left the webosphere at a loss for words .
The chubby fellow however was so traumatised and it would not be too far-fetched to suppose they still have n't gotten over being humped at the hands of Ginimbi in front of the partying crowd .
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media ?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission .
ABUJA—Nigerian lawyers freshly engaged by the Federal Government to assist with the repatriation of $ 321 million stolen by Sani Abacha , former military ruler , will be paid $ 17 million ( over N6 billion ) for their services .
This amount , according to online portal , TheCable , is nearly thrice what was already paid to Swiss lawyer , Enrico Monfrini , for the same job which they were yet to complete before Nigeria mysteriously decided to engage the services of another set of lawyers .
Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice , Abubakar Malami , suddenly appointed Oladipo Okpeseyi , SAN , and Temitope Isaac Adebayo , in 2016 apparently to duplicate the job of the Swiss lawyer .
Incidentally , Okpeseyi and Adebayo were lawyers to the Congress for Progressive Change , CPC , the legacy party of President Muhammadu Buhari , while Malami was legal adviser to the party .
“ We understand the new lawyers are going to be paid $ 17 million but we are monitoring the situation closely .
“ If a case of duplication is established , there will be consequences . This government takes the anti-graft war as a priority , as you well know , and this particular transaction is of interest to us , ” an official of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC , said .
Monfrini was initially engaged by the Federal Government in 2000 and has worked in the recoveries since then .
The Federal Government had , between 2013 and 2014 , used the services of the Swiss lawyer to recover the funds in Luxembourg .
The monies were then domiciled with the Attorney-General of Switzerland , awaiting onward transfer to Nigeria under a strict agreement to avoid “ misappropriation ” as was the allegation about previous recoveries .
In documents seen by the online portal , the Swiss lawyer was given briefs and payment terms to cover the entire recovery process , up to the return of the monies to Nigeria .
Under the agreement , Nigeria undertook to pay 4 % of the recovered Luxemburg assets as professional fees and expenses to Monfrini , in addition to roughly $ 6.8 million in fees for the $ 250 million Liechtenstein recoveries .
Working with Mohammed Bello Adoke , who was Nigeria 's attorney-general at the time , the lawyer traced about $ 321 million worth of Abacha loot to Luxembourg which was recovered .
The Federal Government did not repatriate the funds until Jonathan left power in 2015 .
However , a letter of intent was signed by Nigeria and Switzerland in March 2016 under the new Attorney-General to ensure the restitution .
Malami and Didier Burkhalter , Swiss Foreign Minister , signed the document on behalf of both governments .
The economic loss from the six-month closure of Boracay island could reach P1.96 billion , the country 's Socioeconomic Planning chief said , with the impact to be mitigated by tourists opting for other Philippine destinations .
National Economic and Development Authority ( NEDA ) Director General Ernesto Pernia estimated the overall impact to be limited to 0.1 percent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) . This would be equivalent to “ around P980 million ” per quarter , which they described as a “ small amount ” .
President Rodrigo has ordered the complete shutdown of tourism operations on the island , known worldwide for its beautiful beaches , given widespread environmental violations . The six-month closure will begin on Thursday , April 26 .
Pernia expressed confidence that the majority of affected tourists would adjust their travel plans but added that this would have to be supported by Tourism department efforts to highlight other destinations in the Philippines .
“ It 's going to be a temporary shortfall in terms of tourism income , ” they said .
With Boracay stakeholders worried about the impact on earnings and livelihoods , the government has said that it would be implementing safety nets for affected businesses and workers .
Waikato police have confirmed they have found a father and their daughter who were last seen on Thursday .
Blair McClunie and their daughter is Nikki McClunie . Source : Waikato Police Facebook Page .
Police took to their Facebook page this morning appealing to the public for information .
Blair McClunie and their daughter Nikki McClunie were last seen in Te Awamutu in a Maroon Toyota Camry with the registration number TH1135 .
Sharp Electronics which recently caused the biggest stir in the market with its Sharp PN-H120 , a 120 ” 4K2K Ultra HD Display is delighted to bring to the notice of the general public that they now accept 120″ tv special orders around the globe .
The PN-H120 is the world 's largest commercial LCD display which boasts a 4K Ultra HD resolution showcasing detailed text and high-resolution content . Sharp 's state of the art display is also equipped with direct LED backlight technology that provides uniform brightness across the entire display and delivers breathtaking images . The 120 ” Ultra HD Professional Display is designed for demanding commercial installations where a 24/7 operation is required while offering ultra-crisp , ultra-detail , ultra-large and ultra-bright ( 750 cd/m² ) display .
If you are looking to convert your living room to a theater room without the need of installing projectors or combining multiple video wall screens , Sharp 120-inch screen display is the right for you . PN-H120 can deliver 120hz ( refresh rate ) , it is best for monitoring and surveillance or even for gaming .
Sharp PN-H120 key Specs :
• 120 inches ( 304.8 cm diagonal )
• Full Array , White LED Backlight
• 3840×2160 ( 4K ) Resolution
• 120 Hz Refresh Rate
• 750 cd/m² Max Brightness
• HDMI 1.4b x5
Sharp PN-H120 is now available for special order , if you are planning to buy one , you can drop an inquiry :
A 50-year-old woman arrested last week after allegedly trying to take a child by the hand out of the Target store in San Luis Obispo now faces two felony charges and up to eight years in state prison .
The San Luis Obispo County District Attorney 's Office filed charges Friday of attempted kidnapping and false imprisonment by violence against Rosmary Osorioloaza of Los Osos .
Osorioloaza , a Colombian citizen married to an American , was arraigned in San Luis Obispo Superior Court on Monday , where they were appointed a public defender and their bail was set at $ 50,000 .
They do not speak English and did not enter a plea . Superior Court Judge Ginger Garrett scheduled a further arraignment hearing for Wednesday , when she 'll also rule on a motion regarding Osorioloaza 's bail .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK San Luis Obispo police released surveillance video from Target in SLO , where a woman allegedly attempted to lure a 3-year-old child out of the store around 4:45 p.m. on Tuesday , April 17 , 2018 . The suspect is shown leaving the store in this video . Courtesy of SLOPD
Osorioloaza was no longer listed in custody at the San Luis Obispo County Jail late Tuesday afternoon , and it was unclear if they had posted bail .
According to police , Osorioloaiza tried to take a 3-year-old boy away from the store on Los Osos Valley Road on April 18 , but they released the boy 's hand and left the store without incident after the child 's parent confronted them
The incident was allegedly captured on store surveillance cameras , but that footage has not been released to the public .
The San Luis Obispo Police Department asked for the public 's help in identifying Osorioloaza , and according to authorities , they physically went to the San Luis Obispo County Sheriff 's Office substation in Los Osos to speak to a deputy regarding the incident .
Deputies notified the San Luis Obispo Police Department , which called Osorioloaiza . They agreed to meet officers at police headquarters in SLO , where they were arrested and taken to San Luis Obispo County Jail .
Them court-appointed public defender , Ginger Ortiz , declined comment Tuesday pending their client 's hearing Wednesday .
According to the DA 's Office 's criminal complaint , the attempted kidnapping charge alone carries a maximum sentence of eight years in state prison .
After a three-day intensive search police are urging wanted man Rollie Heke to surrender .
Heke is wanted in connection with a shooting in Morrinsville on Sunday morning .
Despite an ongoing search by police and members of the Armed Offenders Squad , the 36-year-old still has n't been located .
Detective Inspector Graham Pitkethley said Heke is believed to be armed and dangerous , and should not be approached .
Advertisement
`` Anyone who is providing them with assistance is warned that they potentially face prosecution if they are helping them to avoid arrest .
`` We urge Rollie Heke to surrender to police , and not to implicate their family and associates . ''
Police believe Heke led officers on a chase in Morrinsville on Sunday morning .
Officers were forced to flee after they pulled over the car they were driving and they shot at them . They ran to surrounding paddocks . Their patrol vehicles were riddled with bullet holes .
Two people were taken into custody on Sunday but police said Heke escaped on foot .
Last night , they surrounded a Morrinsville house in Studholme St and called for them to come out , firing teargas into the property . But despite a search of the house and a neighbouring property , there was no sign of Heke .
The occupants of the house are assisting police with their inquiries .
The New Zealand Parole Board today confirmed Heke had served time in prison and `` was released at sentence end '' . Their conditions expired on August 15 last year .
Police wait at a cordon on Studholme St in Morrinsville where they believed they had cornered wanted armed offender Rollie Heke on Monday evening . Police wait at a cordon on Studholme St in Morrinsville where they believed they had cornered wanted armed offender Rollie Heke on Monday evening .
A Housing New Zealand spokesperson confirmed the property at the centre of last night 's armed police incident belongs to Housing NZ but said no further comment could be provided .
Pitkethley said police appreciated the information already supplied by the public .
Anyone with information on Heke 's whereabouts should contact Waikato Police on ( 07 ) 858 6200 , or report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
NEW YORK : The most remarkable parts of James Comey 's memoir are not about Donald Trump . We already knew most of the interesting revelations , and some of the others are gossip and color commentary . But in their discussion of the George W. Bush administration , Comey is far more revealing and highlights something crucial and hopeful about America—he role of lawyers and our legal culture .
Many of the battles the Trump administration is having with the so-called deep state are reruns of battles from the Bush years . As Comey recounts in detail , after 9/11 the Bush administration put in place a surveillance program called “ Stellar Wind ” that justice department lawyers decided , on review , was illegal . Comey , who in March 2004 was deputy attorney general ( and filling in for their boss , John Ashcroft , who was ill ) , refused to renew the program .
White House Chief of Staff Andy Card and White House counsel Alberto Gonzales decided to head to Ashcroft 's hospital room to pressure them to sign the reauthorization documents over Comey 's objections . On learning of this , Comey raced to the hospital and asked then-FBI Director Robert Mueller to join them for moral support . It turned out Ashcroft did n't need any prodding ; they turned Card and Gonzales away . Mueller , who arrived a few minutes afterward , said to the bedridden attorney general , who was technically their boss , “ In every man 's life there comes a time when the good Lord tests him . You passed your test tonight. ” Comey writes that they felt like crying . “ The law had held . ”
Round Two happened over torture . The Bush administration wanted to claim that its “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” were lawful . Comey believed they were not , as did the chief counsel at the justice department , Jack Goldsmith . So Comey pushed back as much as they could .
In all these cases , the pressure from the White House was intense , including a stunning exchange that Comey recounts between themselves and President Bush . “ I say what the law is for the executive branch , ” Bush explained to their sub-Cabinet appointee . Comey responded , “ You do , sir . But only I can say what the justice department can certify as lawful . And we ca n't here . We have done our best , but as Martin Luther said , ‘ Here I stand . I can do no other ' . ”
What is striking about these episodes is not only that Comey and Mueller were subordinates who owed their jobs to Bush , but also that they were Republicans . Yet the two of them have consistently put their obligations to the law and the country above personal loyalty and partisan politics .
This behavior may be a product of personal character , but it is also formed by legal training . The story is really not just about Mueller and Comey but about the lawyers in various parts of the government who believe that it is crucial for the country that the government operate within the law—even if the president wishes otherwise . Recall that when Trump wanted to fire Mueller last June , White House counsel Don McGahn reportedly threatened to resign in protest .
Just before leaving the Bush administration , Comey gave a speech to the National Security Agency in which they said , “ It is the job of a good lawyer to say ‘ yes . ' It is as much the job of a good lawyer to say ‘ no . ' ‘ No ' is much , much harder . ‘ No ' must be spoken into a storm of crisis , with loud voices all around , with lives hanging in the balance . ‘ No ' is often the undoing of a career . ”
One of the oft-repeated criticisms of America is that it has too many lawyers . Maybe , but one of the country 's great strengths is its legal culture . As I 've written before , Alexis de Tocqueville worried that without a class of patriotic and selfless aristocrats , America could fall prey to demagogues and populists . But they took comfort in the fact that , as they put it , American aristocracy can be found “ at the bar or on the bench. ” Tocqueville saw that lawyers , with their sense of civic duty , created a “ form of public accountability that would help preserve the blessings of democracy without allowing its untrammeled vices . ”
Comey 's memoir reveals that America does indeed have a deep state . It is one of law and lawyers . And we should be deeply grateful for it .
© 2018 , WASHINGTON POST WRITERS GROUP
fareed.zakaria.gps @ turner.com .
As noted , The Ultimate Deletion between Bray Wyatt and Matt Hardy aired as the main event of tonight 's WWE RAW broadcast on the USA Network . You can see photos and videos from the match at this link .
Fans inside the American Airlines Center in Dallas did not see The Ultimate Deletion but they got two dark main event segments to close the show instead .
The first segment saw Ronda Rousey and Dana Brooke have words until Ronda destroyed Dana and left them laying with a suplex . This segment happened after the video package on Ronda aired during RAW .
The second segment saw Elias come out for a live performance but they were interrupted by Braun Strowman . Braun took out Elias and chased them away but Kane made their way out next . Braun got the best of Kane and ended the show by putting them through a table . The segments with Braun took place during The Ultimate Deletion .
You can see clips from both segments below :
why yall are watching the # UltimateDELETION at home , im watching elias vs braun # WWEDallas pic.twitter.com/VmkAMavoT4 — . ( @ imthebosslegit ) March 20 , 2018
Moving Day Inc. is a Colorado Springs based moving company that is celebrating 21 years of serving clients and providing the greatest move at the lowest cost possible . The team at Moving Day Inc. is dedicated to moving your family , or even your business safe and sound to your new location . Moving if one of the most stressful decisions a person can make . You should n't spend your time drowning in moving boxes and bubble wrap.You can rest easy knowing that Moving Day Inc. offers a full range of services and will even do all of the heavy lifting for you .
“ Moving Day inc. was a great selection for our moving needs . They were fast , friendly and respectful of our property . I would recommend this company to friends and family. ” ( Satisfied Moving Inc customer )
Moving Day Inc. offers a full range of services that includes residential moving , long distance moving , commercial moving , apartment moving , office moving , packing and of course , unpacking . People and businesses are moving to Colorado in record numbers – more than 200,000 people have moved to Colorado in 2013 and 2014 alone , with another 70,000 in 2017 . With so many successful moves under their belt , Moving Day Inc. wants your business . This is an affordable , family-owned local moving company whose goal is to get you in your new place as fast as possible .
“ Moving Day uses modern , clean vehicles and equipment that are critical for providing our customers with the best possible moving experience . The best part of all ? We maintain and own all of the equipment which makes your move secure and safe in every way possible . ”
If you want to make your move as painless and easy as possible as you will want to give Moving Day Inc. your business . Their dedicated and friendly team of professionals want to help you settle into your new location . To talk to someone at Moving Day Inc. about moving you to your new home or business , please call them at ( 719 ) 531-0250 . To inquire about more of the services they offer , visit their website , www.movingday.net/ and see what they can do for you .
FILE - In this July 11 , 2017 , file photo , Sen. Luther Strange , R-Ala. responds to questions during a TV news interview on Capitol Hill in Washington . In the Alabama race for Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' former Senate seat , the Republican slugfest primary is about love of all things Trump , with contenders openly wooing Trump voters , and hatred of the so-called swamp of Washington D.C. Sen . Strange , who was appointed to the position in February , is trying to fight off a field of firebrand challengers , including U.S. Rep. Mo Brooks and former chief justice Roy Moore in the GOP primary . J. Scott Applewhite , File AP Photo
The heavy snow yesterday has caused almost every head teacher in the county to declare a snow day .
The list compiled by the county council shows heads started to make the decision at about 5pm on Sunday .
A spokesperson for Wootton Primary School , which announced a closure late last nighy , said : `` Roads around the school site are too dangerous now , with freezing temperatures overnight , safety getting parents , children and staff in and out is a priority . ''
In less good news for children - but better for working parents - many schools pledged to be open on Tuesday .
And a few determined heads refused to go along with the rest today .
Tom Rees of Simon de Senlis Primary School tweeted at just after 7am that their school and East Hunsbury Primary School were both welcoming staff and children as usual this morning .
By Anayo Okoli & Chinonso Alozie
UMUAHIA—Comrade Emejuru , the leader of Biafra National Congress in South Africa , has urged all IPOB members to register and vote in the coming Anambra governorship election in order to boost Biafra struggle and make its actualisation even faster .
However , the Chief Ralph Uwazurike-led Biafra Independence Movement , BIM , has warned other Biafran agitators , particularly the Indigenous People of Biafra , IPOB , to stop using the struggle for Biafra to cause crisis and breach of the peace in the country .
According to BIM , Uwazuruike has been pursuing Biafra cause in strict compliance of the principle of non-violence and has never deviated from the principle as against what some agitating groups do .
This came as the leader of the Biafra National Congress in South Africa , Comrade Odinaka Emejuru , yesterday , called on Anambra people to go and register ahead of the gubernatorial election in the state , as such will boost the struggle for Biafra Republic .
BIM in a statement signed by the Abia Central Zonal Information Director , Mr. Anselm Ogbonna , warned other Biafra agitators to stop using the name of Biafra to cause breach of peace in Nigeria .
The group also dismissed the position of IPOB on the November 18 , Anambra election , and urged all eligible voters to prepare and participate in the election .
The statement quoted the Abia Central leader of BIM , Mr. Felix Ezekwem as saying that “ those busy campaigning against Anambra election do not know the harm they are trying to cause Ndigbo , ” pointing out that “ whoever plans to obstruct Anambra election does not mean well for himself , Ndigbo and Biafra at large . We believe in due process in our struggle for Biafra . So , people should stop using the name of Biafra struggle as an object of causing breach of peace in Nigeria . ”
Register to boost Biafra struggle — BNCSA
Speaking with Vanguard in Owerri , Comrade Emejuru , the leader of Biafra National Congress in South Africa , said the number of registered voters could be used to determine the call for referendum .
They said : “ I want to call on Anambra people to go and register and vote . If Ndigbo fail to register , we will not be counted . We will be doing a lot of damage to ourselves .
“ If you register , then you can have the numerical strength to say that you want to pull out . In my opinion , we have not done enough . We need to encourage our people to register so that we can use it to move our struggle forward and as well determine the issue of referendum . ”
If you want to be the first to see the next instalment of Jane Campion 's Top of the Lake , you 'd better buckle up and sort out some snacks .
That 's because season two of the acclaimed series , China Girl , is debuting in full at the New Zealand International Film Festival - all six hours of it .
The film festival , which kicks off in July in Auckland , today confirmed the Elisabeth Moss police drama will play in one sitting that will screen all six episodes with two intermissions .
Festival director Bill Gosden has seen the series and called it `` the most enthralling six hours '' he 'd spent in a movie theatre this year .
Advertisement
`` We can promise you an immersive experience in Auckland and Wellington , and due to the six-hour duration the screenings will have two intermissions , '' Gosden said .
The first season of the show was set in Otago , but the murder mystery show is moving to Sydney for season two to focus on Moss ' detective Robin Griffin investigating a body that washes up on Bondi Beach .
China Girl also stars Nicole Kidman and Game of Thrones ' Gwendoline Christie .
Other films confirmed for the festival today include Toa Fraser 's hostage drama 6 Days , Jackie van Beek 's debut feature The Inland Road , Waru , and Nic Gorman 's Human Traces .
They join documentaries My Year With Helen , Spookers , Kim Dotcom : Caught in the Web , What Lies That Way , Team Tibet : Home Away From Home , Swagger of Thieves , No Ordinary Sheila , Free Theatre , The Free Man , Kobi and 100 Men .
The full film festival programme is revealed on June 26 .
Boosting your income to reduce debt or save more is a great way to get ahead financially .
Some people think it 's not worth it — but $ 20 , $ 50 , $ 100 a week doing a little side hustle adds up to a whole lot of money or debt-reduction longterm .
I 'm forever coming up with side hustle ideas for those around me . But the idea for this article came when I was chatting with the owner of a Te Awamutu holiday property .
The sleepout we rented was just one side hustle . The owner loved possum hunting and has sold the skins for many years , providing a small stream of extra income for doing what they love .
Advertisement
That 's the best side hustle — doing something you love , such as creating or repairing things or teaching your passion to others .
If you are arty or crafty , the potential market for your side hustle is worldwide , not just Trade Me , your own website and word of mouth . I have bought the occasional item on ETSY.com , a worldwide craft marketplace .
Time holds people back and so does imagination . One way to open your mind to ideas is to look through jobs on Kwota.co.nz and other freelance marketplaces such as Fiverr.com .
When I looked last week there were jobs on offer with varied requirements . One needed the ability to type and understand some Te Reo .
Another was looking for someone who could edit home videos . A sofa owner wanted someone to make a loose cover to fit .
In the past to get this type of side hustle you would have had to advertise or publish a website .
That , of course , is still possible .
Plenty of people make money by buying ( or scavenging ) second hand items and re-selling . Property investor Rich Visick , who works part time in a scrapyard , says people often come in with old hot water tanks , for example , that fetch about $ 30 for the scrap metal .
Increasingly , clever Kiwis are buying in bulk direct from China and re-selling on Trade Me . One sells reusable shopping bags for $ 4.50 plus postage . The very same bags can be bought via Alibaba.com for as little as US20c each . It 's not going to turn the seller into a millionaire overnight , but the money from this type of wheeling and dealing does roll in especially if you find a market for more than one product .
Upcycling is a big thing . The upcyclers buy cheap old furniture , for example , or retro blankets , turn their second hand raw materials into something trendy and make several hundred per cent profit for the work .
Search the word `` upcycled '' on Trade Me or ETSY for ideas . It 's not just furniture . Sellers on Trade Me upcycle all sorts of things — one turns old coffee sacks into reusable bags and sells them .
Ask around most offices and you 'll soon find colleagues with other little businesses . At one insurance company I know , a member of staff bakes cakes at night .
It 's a bustling business with colleagues buying the baking for work and personal celebrations .
This shows that not every skilled job requires a three-year apprenticeship .
Short courses can give you new skills and you can use them to teach others anything from swimming to quilting .
Joining the `` sharing economy '' and supplementing income that way works for some .
I have mixed feelings about the rapacious multinationals that offer `` gigs '' and the power they hold over the little man 's income .
Having said that , as a side hustle , the sharing economy is sometimes a source of money that would n't otherwise be available to the person .
I read a great story about a car owner who uses Uber to pick up fares as they drive to and from work , paying for their daily commute .
And plenty of empty nesters are making money letting their children 's former bedrooms or sleepouts to tourists .
Finally , beware you do n't fall into the trap of using extra money to buy more because you think you deserve it .
The other big fail is what 's called mental accounting — where you assign money to different categories in your head according to how it 's obtained .
Side hustle money is excluded from your budget and seen as a windfall .
If you 're in debt or have n't saved enough for your house deposit , retirement , or business start-up fund , this is an expensive mistake .
India is getting ready to send a delegation to Iran to protect its big basmati rice market .
The delegation , which will include government officials and exporters , will travel to Iran on January 27-29 , Mohinder Pal Jindal , president of All India Rice Exporters Association , told ET .
They said the industry is hopeful that Iran will lift the ban on basmati rice imports from India that has been in place for the past four months .
`` We have to counter other countries ' efforts because our share in Iran 's imports has fallen drastically , '' said a government official , who did not want to be identified .
Iran has been one of the largest importers of Indian basmati rice in recent years . However , in 2015-16 , basmati rice exports from India to Iran almost halved to $ 571 million from $ 1.1 billion in the previous financial year .
In the first half of this fiscal , basmati rice exports from India to Iran amounted to $ 356 million .
Iran has seen a spurt in trading ties with a large number of countries since January last year , when it was freed of economic sanctions imposed by the West for its nuclear program .
`` We need to promote exports of basmati rice in Iran especially because other countries are aggressively promoting their varieties of rice , '' said another official .
India is keen to quell any concerns over the quality of its basmati rice even as Iran has strict pre-shipment quality checks for all imports .
The headlines sound terrifying : `` Deadly cost of that extra drink : 10 glasses of wine a week can cut two years off your life '' or `` How much booze can you drink before it starts killing you ? Not much '' .
Apparently now , even those of us who drink 10 units of alcohol a week are being told it 's going to shorten our life , if you listen to the noise from a recent study .
So should all of us reasonable drinkers just stop drinking altogether ?
Well , we could of course - we all have that choice already - but what the headlines and the words behind them fail to tell us is that those who do n't drink alcohol actually die earlier than those who drink it moderately . Some might find this hard to believe , but it 's true .
Advertisement
And if you read the report that led to the recent sensationalist headlines carefully then what it is actually saying is what we all already know - drinking sensibly is okay but if you drink too much then bad things can happen .
Let 's be really clear with this . The study is large and robust , looking at health outcomes of around 600,000 people across many countries .
But while the headlines claimed drinkers who consume fewer than 10 drinks a week had a better life expectancy than those who have more than 10 , what they did n't tell you is that the research also found that people who never drink alcohol had a shorter life expectancy than those who drank up to 25 drinks per week .
This is because drinking moderately results in improved cardiovascular health .
Independent study after independent study shows it to be true , and this one is no different .
So , cutting through the 1500 pages of study one interpretation of what is being said is if you want to maximise your life expectancy only drink up to 10 standard drinks a week but if you 're happy with having the same life expectancy as non-drinkers then drink no more than 30 standard drinks a week .
Anything in between these you 're doing okay .
So for those of us who try to look after ourselves , keep fit , watch what we eat and enjoy a beer or a wine to wind down after work - what do we do with this new information ?
We digest it , keep it in perspective and follow the advice of our medical professionals .
While the prohibitionists are trying to stamp out the word `` moderation , '' all major studies still point to our Ministry of Health guidelines as being sensible .
Those guidelines say 15 drinks per week for men , 10 for women and that we should n't binge drink ( more than five in a session ) , but that drinking water and eating when you drink is positive .
Humans have enjoyed alcohol for thousands of years . It represents a convivial coming together of people - and what we know is that more than 80 per cent of Kiwis who drink are doing that reasonably and responsibly .
The alcohol industry believes Kiwis need to be in command of their own choices relating to alcohol , and that scary , unhelpful headlines do n't lead to more informed choice , just more blocked ears , as people tune out to the threats and `` we know best '' attitudes of the prohibitionists .
• Nick Leggett is a executive director of the New Zealand Alcohol Beverage Council .
Above average rainfall totals across much of South Carolina during the month of May , along with improving numbers across a range of indicators , prompted members of the S.C. Drought Response Committee to vote unanimously to change the drought status of 13 counties from “ incipient ” to “ normal. ” The counties that were removed from the first level of drought ( incipient stage ) included Abbeville , Aiken , Allendale , Bamberg , Barnwell , Colleton , Dorchester , Edgefield , Hampton , Lexington , McCormick , Richland , and Saluda .
“ The last time the entire state was drought-free was July 8 , 2016 , ” said S.C. State Climatologist Hope Mizzell .
The weather pattern across South Carolina for the month of May began with warm and dry conditions . However , the weather pattern changed during the second half of the month , according to Leonard Vaughan , Senior Hydrologist/Meteorologist with the National Weather Service .
“ A persistent trough of low pressure produced a moist , southerly flow , which increased rainfall coverage , ” said Vaughn . “ This , combined with the additional moisture from Sub-Tropical Storm Alberto , brought even more beneficial rainfall . Over the past fourteen days , rainfall across South Carolina , has ranged from 200 to 600 percent above normal , with totals from 3 to 12 inches . ”
“ Recent rainfall , along with higher humidity , has helped reduce the number of wildfires statewide , ” added Brad Bramlett , Rural Fire Coordinator with the S.C Forestry Commission . “ This was very much needed , since we were well above our 5- and 10-year averages for the number of fires just a month ago . ”
The above normal rainfalls over the past several weeks have also significantly improved streamflow levels across the state . All of the state 's major reservoirs are now at or near their target levels for this time of year , reported South Carolina Department of Natural Resources Senior Hydrologist Scott Harder . “ According to the latest available data , lake levels and stream flows across the state are in good shape now , ” said Harder . “ Overall groundwater levels look good as well . ”
These improved conditions supported moving all counties that were previously in an incipient drought status to a no drought ( normal ) status . The committee will continue to monitor the weather and will meet again as conditions warrant . More information about drought conditions and drought policy in South Carolina is available via the new and improved South Carolina Drought Portal at www.scdrought.com .
According to the United States drought monitor , all Georgia counties have been removed from drought status for the first time since November 14 , 2017 .
Copyright 2018 WFXG . All rights reserved .
By MARTHA McCLAIN
Special to the PRESS
An amendment to the Town Charter that would formally assign the Laguna Vista Marina as a boat launch facility “ specifically for the exclusive use of the residents of the Town and accompanying guests ” will be on the May 5 election ballot .
The ballot will also include the election of three Council members .
The Town Council voted unanimously on Jan. 9 to place the amendment on the ballot as a means to honor the desire and intent of Robert F. Roloff and Marion L. Roloff who deeded land for use as a Town park in 1963 and the marina in 1971 .
“ Some people feel that future Councils could change the intent of the Roloff family , ” Mayor Susie Houston said , adding that the potential exists for the Town to sell part of the marina to private interests . “ We ca n't say what will happen 50 years from now . By amending the Charter , it would be more difficult to change ( the Roloff family 's intent ) . It will ease the minds of those concerned , ” they said .
Want the whole story ? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press , or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here .
OTTAWA , ONTARIO -- ( Marketwired - Oct. 6 , 2017 ) - DragonWave Inc. a global supplier of packet microwave radio systems for mobile and access networks , today announced that it will be acquired by Transform-X , a US-based privately held company possessing advanced waveform , software and hardware technologies to drive future evolutions in high-capacity microwave radio , satellite radio , broadcast and other RF communications .
The transaction is highly synergistic and will provide exciting opportunities for DragonWave to integrate innovative new capability into current and future products in order to address critical 5G backhaul challenges .
`` We are very excited to bring the DragonWave team onboard and begin integrating our disruptive technologies into their market leading product portfolio , '' said Dan Hodges , Transform-X CEO . `` Our combined efforts and technologies will offer new and more effective ways to address the critical challenges of 5G backhaul and the growing field of wireless networking and MPLS applications . Transform-X offers expertise , technology and financial resources to take DragonWave to a new level , while providing improved support to existing customers , and furthering our combined technology leadership position in the wireless market . ''
Patrick Houston , DragonWave CFO , `` We are pleased to announce the conclusion of the DragonWave sale process , and our new partnership with Transform-X . We would like to thank all of our highly valued customers and partners for their ongoing support throughout this process , and we look forward to sharing more exciting developments in the months ahead . ''
The transaction is expected to close by mid-October , concluding the receivership process . New additions to the DragonWave management team will be announced in the near future .
About DragonWave
DragonWave® is a provider of high-capacity packet microwave solutions that drive next-generation IP networks . DragonWave 's carrier-grade point-to-point packet microwave systems transmit broadband voice , video and data , enabling service providers , government agencies , enterprises and other organizations to meet their increasing bandwidth requirements rapidly and affordably .
The principal application of DragonWave 's portfolio is wireless network backhaul , including a range of products ideally suited to support the emergence of underlying small cell networks . Additional solutions include leased line replacement , last mile fiber extension and enterprise networks . DragonWave 's corporate headquarters is located in Ottawa , Ontario , with sales locations in Europe , Asia , the Middle East and North America . For more information , visit http : //www.dragonwaveinc.com .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — Attorneys for embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn say in court documents that they brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago .
The documents received earlier this month in state court in Las Vegas say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement .
Lawyer Lisa Bloom , who represents the woman , says their client denies the extortion allegations .
The Associated Press generally does n't name people who say they are victims of sexual misconduct .
Advertisement
Wynn resigned as chairperson and CEO of Wynn Resorts last month amid allegations from several women that they denied .
The FBI declined to confirm Monday whether it has investigated .
By Adam Studzinski
NORMAL – Normal is planning to resurface the roadway under the railroad bridge on Division Street .
City Manager Mark Peterson explained the project will somewhat coincide with some high speed rail construction on the bridge .
“ There 's a sidewalk under there that gets a fair amount of pedestrian traffic that will also be replaced as part of this project ” they said .
Peterson said the project should be completed by the summer .
“ If you 've been on that street recently , you know it needs some work , ” Peterson said .
The Town Council will vote Tuesday on a $ 190,557 contract for the work with Rowe Construction .
Adam Studzinski can be reached at adam.studzinski @ cumulus.com .
With all new charging stations , customers of the Federal Electricity and Water Authority ( Fewa ) may now charge their vehicles for free for two months .
The federal authority on Tuesday last week started operating the first of 61 electric motor charging stations planned . These include 11 inside Fewa offices in the northern emirates and 50 on highways and public and private entities across the country .
The charging stations , known as public charging posts , are part of the authority 's pioneering conservation and sustainability plans , according to Adnan Naseeb Salem , acting director of Fewa .
“ The first charging station , to help reduce the UAE carbon footprint and wasted energy , has been installed at Fewa office in Ajman in collaboration with the GreenParking Company . ”
Haya Abdullah Alketbi , acting director of conservation department , told Khaleej Times that the medium charging stations will be installed at all Fewa offices .
“ These will also be installed at some malls , hospitals , hotels , government departments , and a few private companies , while fast charging stations will be installed on the highways and petrol stations all over the country , ” they said .
The regular charging time at medium stations is around 1.5 hours , they explained . “ However , it will only take 15 minutes to fully charge your car at any of the fast charging stations . ”
The single full-battery charge is enough for a 250km-long trip with AC on , and that will cost only Dh9 , they stated . “ To charge your car at home may take ten to 12 hours . ”
Alketbi pointed out that customers may charge their vehicles at Fewa offices for free for two months . “ The top management shall then decide on the fair and affordable charges . ”
Customers can later pay through their Fewa accounts or special accounts for other non-member customers , they disclosed . “ Payment can also be made via prepaid rechargeable cards that can be credited at Fewa offices and authorised suppliers . ”
Sources with the GreenParking Company told Khaleej Times that the public posts in Dubai charge 29Fils per kilowatt . “ We have installed a couple of hundred electric charging stations across the country . ”
Khaleej Times ( Dubai , UAE ) /TNS
Travel in Central America 's first 2013 baseball team tour to Nicaragua saw the Santa Ynez Heat , a U16 All-Star team , with top players from Santa Barbara County , match up against Nicaragua 's best players in a handful of cities and stadiums across the country .
The weeklong trip was the first for Travel in Central America and founder Kyle Ashby , who has been building relationships and knowledge of Nicaragua and other Central American destinations for about 10 years , including recent participation and sponsorships of the Pitaya Festival in San Juan del Sur , Nicaragua .
“ Travel in Central America was started with the goal of sharing unique locations and experiences in Central America , ” Ashby said . “ Nicaragua 's diversity , activities , communities and strong baseball culture provide an incredible opportunity for youth , collegiate and adult teams . The Santa Ynez Heat team and tour really proved that baseball teams traveling to Nicaragua can experience top-level baseball , give back to the communities they visit , and enjoy incredible sights and experiences . We look forward to continuing to travel to Nicaragua with baseball teams , and engage in the communities we visit . ”
The Santa Ynez Heat 's eight-day tour featured five baseball games in a number of Nicaragua communities and included games in professional stadiums in the colonial city of Granada and visits to the beach community of San Juan del Sur and the Nicaragua Baseball Academy .
The academy has recently signed players to Major League Baseball contracts , including Jason Laguna of Managua , who will join the Atlanta Braves organization in September . Travel in Central America and the Heat also hosted a baseball clinic with the Comunidad Connect organization to encourage youth from the San Juan del Sur area to play baseball and improve their skills . The Heat also assisted at Los Pipitos , a center that provides care for children and young people with disabilities .
“ We had an awesome trip and the baseball was great , ” said Daniel McKinney , a longtime Heat player and junior at Santa Barbara High School . “ And there was so much more we got to do : fishing for dorado off the coast , a zipline tour through the jungle , surfing at a private beach , the highlights were endless . It was also really great to help kids who do n't have very much . It made me realize that baseball is a sport that can bring together people with way different backgrounds . ”
Click here for more information about the baseball tours .
— Kyle Ashby is the founder of Travel in Central America .
Replaces Trish Leahey who left earlier this year to join the National Gallery of Australia
Peter Conn
The Australian Research Council ( ARC ) has named its new chief information officer as Peter Conn .
Conn has been acting CIO – promoted from director of operations for the ARC 's ICT Services Branch – following the departure of Trish Leahey earlier this year .
Leahey spent five years with the ARC , before they left the organisation in August to take up the role of inaugural CIO at the National Gallery of Australia
Conn is responsible for all ICT services for the ARC including the provision of a suite of web applications for ARC clients — such as its Research Management System ( RMS ) and System to Evaluate the Excellence ( SEER ) . He 'll also provide support for ARC 's corporate applications , desktop , IT security and infrastructure services , the council said .
Conn joined the ARC in March 2014 , from the Department of Finance .
“ During their career in ICT they have held a broad range of roles in government and the private sector , contributing their skills and expertise to the delivery of ICT infrastructure and application projects as well as playing a critical role in Service Delivery Reform , ” the ARC said in a statement today .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
Ryanair has asked pilots in Dublin to bypass their trade union and directly accept a pay rise – even as it holds talks with unions across Europe to formalise its shock decision to recognise them .
The airline was forced last year to recognise unions for the first time in its 32-year history in order to avoid a Christmas strike , after it had to cancel 20,000 flights earlier in the year due to a shortage of standby pilots .
It made a breakthrough earlier this week when it secured a formal recognition agreement with British union Balpa , but unions in other countries , including Ireland , have said they are not happy with how the negotiations are proceeding .
Now , in the latest sign of discord , the airline has accused Irish union Forsa/Ialpa of misleading pilots .
Ryanair says that the 65 per cent of pilots in Dublin not represented by a union have accepted the pay increase , but that the 35 per cent represented by Forsa/Ialpa were refusing to do so .
“ Ryanair has written to this 35 per cent to allow them to individually accept these pay increases in February . . . due to Ialpa 's refusal to hold a vote that they know they will lose , ” Ryanair said in a statement .
“ We will not stand idly by while they [ Forsa/Ialpa ] delay and mislead our Dublin pilots , ” the statement said .
Offer letter
In a letter to pilots making the offer , Ryanair management said that Forsa/Ialpa had not responded since it sent a formal recognition agreement on January 3rd . The union denies this , saying it has sent letters to management on three occasions since then .
In a letter sent on Wednesday , Forsa/Ialpa told Ryanair that pilots at meetings had unanimously agreed to reject Ryanair 's pay offer unless Ryanair confirmed that the acceptance would not prejudice future pay talks .
The pilots are also demanding that Ryanair agree that Forsa/Ialpa be recognised as the exclusive body for collective bargaining with Ryanair pilots based in Ireland , and that the airline 's system of agreements with individual bases be terminated , the letter said .
Unions from across Europe last week sent a letter to Ryanair demanding a joint meeting with management , a demand the airline has refused .
A barrage of bullets fired at a house in Kentucky wounded a child during a birthday slumber party , in a shooting police say was not random .
The Lexington Herald-Leader reports that Lexington Police Lt. Jeremy Tuttle says officers were called early Tuesday morning to the house and the 11-year-old girl was alert when they were taken to a hospital . Them name has not been released .
Public information officer Brenna Angel says several children and adults were inside the home when the shooting occurred . Angel says the homeowner was hosting the party for the victim , who turns 12 on Wednesday .
Police do not have any suspect or vehicle information at this time . Investigators are working to determine why the house was targeted .
My name is Tonya , and I grew up on a 300-acre farm in rural Virginia that has been in my family for over 100 years . After graduating from college , receiving my master 's degree in speech and language pathology , and living and working in a small city for six years , I decided to return to the place of my childhood . Here , in this rural area , on this patch of green , where for four generations my family has farmed , gardened , and lived , I , too wanted to be a part of this continuity . As a fourth generation farmgirl , I have many interests that not only include , but also go beyond the basics of farming , gardening , sheep and chicken-keeping . It is all of this and more that I plan on sharing in this blog .
Although Microsoft concluded its free Windows 10 upgrade program on July 29 , 2016 , the company has yet to close some of the loopholes that it originally opened for folks running Windows 7 , 8 and 8.1 . If you thought about taking advantage of the launch promotion but never got around to it , there 's still nothing stopping you from downloading a free copy of Windows 10 from Microsoft 's servers .
Free Upgrade for Assistive Technology Users
Microsoft has continued to offer free Windows 10 upgrades to those who use the operating system 's assistive technologies . You may not think you qualify for that , but according to the company 's list of accessibility features , this includes anyone who uses keyboard shortcuts , the magnifier , Cortana , or apparently even users who feel like they would benefit from Windows 10 's reduced animations .
Further , the upgrade page explicitly says that `` We are not restricting the upgrade offer to specific assistive technologies . If you use assistive technology on Windows , you are eligible for the upgrade offer . ''
Note : The terms `` assistive '' and `` accessibility '' appear to be used interchangeably and an MSDN blog post about this subject points to the above-linked accessibility page for further information about assistive technologies .
Assuming your conscience is clear enough to continue and you 're coming from a copy of Windows 7 , 8 or 8.1 , the upgrade process could n't be simpler : Just head to Microsoft 's accessibility website , download the program listed on their upgrade page , and install your free copy of Windows 10 .
As of writing , there is no end date to the free Windows 10 upgrade program for assistive tool users , but Microsoft says it will make a public announcement before stopping the offer .
Use an Old Windows 7 or 8.1 Key
Another known and still available loophole to score a free Windows 10 upgrade is to enter valid Windows 7 or Windows 8 product keys into the Windows 10 installer -- or later in the operating system .
We expected Microsoft to close this activation workaround soon after it was uncovered ( a year ago ) , but as it turns out , it 's still wide open . I created a virtual machine and installed Windows 10 using an ISO image obtained from the official Windows 10 media creation tool . Armed with an old Windows 7 Ultimate key , I entered it during installation and voila : free Windows 10 upgrade .
Microsoft has n't commented about what 's going on here or whether it will block this method in the future . The company seems more concerned about getting as many people onto Windows 10 as possible .
The Temporary Windows Test Bed
For those who just need temporary access to a copy of Windows 10 , you can avoid upgrading your existing installation by setting up a virtual machine with Virtual Box or VMWare Player . This route wo n't require a key since the installer lets you proceed without one and you wo n't be using the operating system long enough for its cosmetic restrictions or constant nagging to matter .
You can also download a 90-day evaluation version of Windows 10 Enterprise from Microsoft 's website .
What About Windows 10 's Telemetry ?
For those of you holding because of Windows 10 's data collection , we get it , but more than two dozen telemetry-related updates have been released for Windows 7 and 8 , so they 're hardly safe havens at this point . Fortunately , you can configure Windows 10 's privacy settings and there are also a bunch of related utilities :
Note : These tools may disable Windows features you use . Some are more `` thorough '' than others , so do your homework ...
Ultimate Windows Tweaker - Spybot Anti-Beacon - Ashampoo AntiSpy - ShutUp10 - W10Privacy
It 's also worth noting that you can reverse the upgrade to Windows 10 and go back to your previous installation by going to Start > Settings > Update & Security > Recovery > Go back to Windows 7 . This feature only works for a month after upgrading and relies on the Windows.old folder created during the upgrade , which is located at C : \Windows.old by default .
If you 'd rather reclaim that storage space , your old Windows installation can be deleted via Disk Cleanup : Start > search for Disk Cleanup > Clean up system files > Check 'Previous Windows installation ( s ) ' on the list that appears .
Three Winners Selected From 5,000 Submissions From 185 Countries to Give Astronauts Better In-suit Waste Management
HOUSTON , TX -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - NASA Johnson Space Center , in partnership with NASA Tournament Lab and online crowdsourcing platform HeroX , today announced three winners of the widely publicized Space Poop Challenge . The global crowdsourcing competition called for solutions to human waste management inside a spacesuit , while protecting the health and safety of its astronaut occupant for up to 6 days . Currently utilized solutions are designed for scenarios lasting less than 1 day .
During the 60-day competition , the Space Poop Challenge broke the following crowdsourcing competition records :
-- More than 5,000 proposed solutions from 19,000 individual registered competitors were submitted
-- More than 150 teams from every country and continent on Earth ( including Antarctica ) participated
-- The challenge received unprecedented attention from top-tier media outlets , including NPR , The Washington Post , The Iran Daily , Weather.com , Popular Science , ABC News , NBC News , Space.com , and Time Magazine . The Space Poop Challenge also inspired a lengthy sketch comedy bit on The Daily Show With Trevor Noah
-- An especially active online community viewed the challenge video over 100,000 times , generated nearly 400 conversations on the challenge forum , and shared the challenge more than 6000 times on social media
-- In just one month , the challenge website had over 300,000 page views from 2,000 unique sources from around the world ( the most challenge site traffic in HeroX history )
`` We are very excited to have had the opportunity to partner with NASA 's Johnson Space Center on this challenge , '' said HeroX CEO , Christian Cotichini . `` The opportunity to contribute to future NASA missions by helping to protect astronaut health and safety , combined with the curiosity that surrounds performing the most basic of human bodily functions in microgravity , seemed like a perfect HeroX crowdsourcing opportunity . ''
`` The response to the Space Poop Challenge exceeded all of our expectations , '' said NASA Tournament Lab Deputy Director , Steve Rader . `` The level of participation and interest went far beyond what we expected for such a short competition . ''
`` It was wonderful to see the global response from our crowdsourcing challenge , '' said Kirstyn Johnson , Space Suit Technology Engineer at NASA . `` We enjoyed seeing the innovative approaches that were sent in given such a demanding scenario . Others at NASA are now thinking about ways we can leverage a crowdsourcing approach to solve some more of our spaceflight challenges . ''
Space Poop Challenge Prizes
The top award recipients are :
-- $ 15,000 Prize
Winner : Thatcher Cardon
Solution : MACES Perineal Access & Toileting System ( M-PATS )
-- $ 10,000 Prize
Winners : Katherine Kin , Stacey Marie Louie , and Tony Gonzales
Solution : Space Poop Unification of Doctors ( SPUDs ) Team - Air-powered Spacesuit Waste Disposal System
-- $ 5,000 Prize
Winner : Hugo Shelley
Solution : SWIMSuit - Zero Gravity Underwear for 6-Day Use
With such an exceptional response to the challenge , NASA is also highlighting an additional group of semifinalists who can be found on the Space Poop Challenge page .
ABOUT NASA TOURNAMENT LAB
The NASA Tournament Lab ( NTL ) is an online , virtual facility that facilitates the use of crowdsourcing to tackle NASA challenges . Since 2011 , NASA 's researchers , scientists , and engineers have launched numerous challenges through NTL , often seeking novel ideas or solutions to accelerate research and development efforts , improve algorithm performance , and seek new ideas and approaches in support of the NASA mission . NTL offers a wide variety of open innovation platforms that engage the crowdsourcing community in challenges to create the most innovative , efficient and optimized solutions for specific , real-world challenges being faced by NASA and other Federal Agencies .
ABOUT HEROX
Founded in 2013 , HeroX exists at the intersection of crowdsourcing , competition and collaboration . The HeroX crowdsourcing platform brings together global communities of problem solvers to deliver breakthrough solutions to social , economic , and strategic challenges .
www.herox.com
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/15/11G130365/Images/mw1b8vj8j4fl87thambgbl2rhm2-7916282e977eae3c8e4749e3304d4a95.jpg
Embedded Video Available : https : //youtu.be/SQSHIQqdWLw
The man spotted during the white nationalist rally was publicly disowned by their heartbroken father . Other members of the family are also speaking out .
A man who participated in Saturday 's horrific and deadly hate fest has just been disowned by their parents . Now , the rest of their family is also joining , issuing statements that tell the media and the public they do not want to be associated with their racist relative .
Pete Tefft , a marcher who traveled from Fargo , North Dakota , to participate in the Charlottesville rally this Saturday , was ousted by the Twitter account @ YesYoureRacist . Now , Pearce Tefft , the man 's father , is saying that they and their family want to “ loudly repudiate ” their son 's “ vile , fateful and racist rhetoric . ”
In a letter they wrote in The Forum of Fargo-Moorhead , the elder Tefft added that they and their wife are disowning their son .
Explaining they are n't aware “ where they learned these beliefs , ” they reassured readers that the Tefft family has nothing to do with their son 's white nationalist stance .
Back in February , the younger Tefft told reporters they were “ 100 percent pro-white , ” but that the words “ Nazi ” or “ white supremacist ” did not apply to him . Still , they were seen during the Saturday “ Unite the Right ” event .
According to their father , their children all learned that “ all men and women are created equal. ” On top of that , they added , their family always believed that “ we must love each other all the same . ”
However , they continued , “ Peter has chosen to unlearn these lessons , much to my and their family 's heartbreak and distress . ”
Claiming they and their family “ do not , never have , and never will , accept their twisted worldview , ” the elder Tefft says they regret staying silent for so long . They also made a reference to the rise of Germany 's Nazis to make a point about speaking up in the face of evil :
“ We have been silent up until now , but now we see that this was a mistake . It was the silence of good people that allowed the Nazis to flourish the first time around , and it is the silence of good people that is allowing them to flourish now . Peter Tefft , my son , is not welcome at our family gatherings any longer . I pray my prodigal son will renounce their hateful beliefs and return home . Then and only then will I lay out the feast . ”
Jacob Scott , the elder Tefft 's nephew , also went to the media to make a statement against their now infamous family member , saying that Pete Tefft “ is a maniac , who has turned away from all of us and gone down some insane internet rabbit-hole , and turned into a crazy nazi . ”
“ He scares us all , we do n't feel safe around him , and we do n't know how they came to be this way . My grandfather feels especially grieved , as though they have failed as a father , ” they added .
It 's incredibly tough to have a family member go down this path , especially if he 's putting their entire family in danger of being scrutinized and attacked . While we 're glad to see people speaking against evil even among their own , we hope people start to heal by trying to fix this problem with more love , instead of hate .
Banner and thumbnail image credit : Reuters/Joshua Roberts
Projects across Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire are set to benefit from an investment of £62.9million allocated to 17 projects across the D2N2 Local Enterprise Partnership area which will help create jobs , build homes , raise productivity , support businesses and encourage economic growth .
D2N2 – the private sector-led partnership of business , local authorities , skills and training providers , community and voluntary services , and others promoting economic growth across Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire – bid for funding from Round 3 of the Government 's Local Growth Fund ( LGF ) . The £62.9m – awarded by government on March 9 ( 2017 ) and now being allocated to projects – represents almost two-thirds of D2N2 's original £107m bid , a terrific achievement at a time of tight government spending and is the highest amount given to any Midlands LEP .
Local Growth Fund investment is aimed at creating the buildings , roads and other infrastructure necessary to support further economic growth . D2N2 bid under the project titles of Housing and Regeneration , Town and City Centre Renewal , Innovation-led Growth , and Employment and Skills ; for projects due to be completed over the next five years .
It is estimated that the £62.9m awarded to the D2N2 LEP could deliver up to 7,000 jobs , 700 homes and 2,000 new learners across the D2N2 LEP area ; subject to final confirmation via individual projects ' business plans .
The individual projects listed below have been selected to receive investment but will still have to submit a detailed , value for money business plan – showing practical outcomes relating to jobs , homes and learning opportunities created – to support their application and receive funding . The projects are as follows :
Derbyshire
• Castleward – £1.5million support for current 12 hectare brownfield regeneration sites between Derby Midland Station and Derby city centre , to create housing and commercial development .
• Silk Mill World Heritage site , Derby – £3.7m towards a new museum and visitor attraction at Derby Silk Mill , part of the UNESCO Derwent Valley Mills World Heritage Site .
• Derby Performance Venue – £8.6m towards part of the Masterplan Phase One , for Derby 's City Gateway ; this is to provide a 5,000-capacity performance venue in the city centre , whilst initiating regeneration works to a key area of the city centre .
• Woodville–Swadlincote Regeneration Route – £6.4m to help provide a link from the A5111 to the Brownfield ‘ Tollgate Park ' site , allowing site development to take place .
• Riverside Business Park , Bakewell – £3.9m for a new bridge and access road from the A6 into the business park , and the development of 130,000 square feet of mixed use floor space .
• Foundry Park , Ilkeston ( at former Stanton Ironworks ) – £3.4m for project delivering 8,100 sq m of employment space at Foundry Park . LGF investment in Phase One to help develop 2.11 hectares of land .
• Rail Research and Innovation Centre , Derby – £900,000 to support new Rail Research and Innovation Centre for rail supply chain businesses in D2N2 LEP area , to drive productivity within D2N2 rail supply chain .
• Derby College : Institute for Engineering and Professional Construction – £1.3m to help renovate two further education sites , to aid professional development in engineering and construction sectors .
Nottinghamshire
• Former Vesuvius Works , Worksop – £5.5m for works forming part of a wider investment , for a junction to ‘ unlock ' a mixed-use housing/employment area .
• Sherwood Forest Visitor Centre , Newark – £500,000 towards a new visitor centre at Sherwood Forest , and improvements to existing walking/cycle routes , to encourage higher visitor numbers .
• Sherwood Energy Village , Newark – £500,000 to develop 32,000 sq ft of industrial floorspace , across ten units . * * Communities Minister Andrew Percy MP visited this site and Sherwood Forest Visitor Centre when the Government announced D2N2 's overall LGF 3 allocation , in March ( 2017 ) .
• HS2 Strategic Sites – £2.4million project to allow D2N2 to purchase sites to take the best advantage of planned HS2 Phase Two ‘ eastern leg ' route , through Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire .
• Southern Gateway , Nottingham – £15m towards the wider ‘ southern gateway ' improvement ; which includes a new Broadmarsh bus station and car park , provision of a tram stop , new retail units , public realm improvements and road improvements .
• Nottingham Castle – £5million towards Castle improvements , including to visitor galleries and public spaces .
• Unlocking Growth in Nottinghamshire Town Centres – £8m for programme of high-quality town centre improvements in Nottinghamshire ; to create mixed-use environments in which businesses can prosper , offering sustainable employment opportunities and growth .
• Nottingham Trent University ( NTU ) Science and Technology Centre – £8.7m for a unique technology centre to increase healthcare-related commercial product development , to support the area 's life sciences sector ; as well as investment at NTU 's agricultural and horticultural skills centre ( Brackenhurst ) , and digital skills campus .
D2N2 has already found alternative funding for the Coalite Works site regeneration , near Bolsover , and the refurbishment of business incubation spaces at MediCity , on the Boots Enterprise Zone site ; two projects which had also applied for LGF 3 funding .
Due to D2N2 not receiving all the LGF 3 funding it had applied for a very few projects will not receive immediate funding but will remain priorities for LEP investment at a later date , subject to business plan .
In allocating LGF 3 monies D2N2 has over-allocated funding , to the tune of around £77m . This is because it anticipates projects will evolve during further planning and some may not be able to demonstrate full value for money , in relation to their original LGF 3 bid . The LEP is also looking to use other potential funding sources to supplement LGF awards .
Peter Richardson , Chair of the D2N2 Local Enterprise Partnership , said : “ D2N2 's very strong bid for Local Growth Fund 3 investment has given us a £62.9million fighting fund , with which to further improve our area 's economic infrastructure .
“ This will build on the excellent use we 've made of our previous LGF allocations ; which has resulted in our contributing to the new £30m BioCity Discovery life sciences building in Nottingham , giving £12m to Derby 's ‘ Our City , Our River ' riverside regeneration and anti-flood project , and investing significantly in the Nottingham & Derby Enterprise Zone .
“ I look forward to seeing the detailed business plans of these ambitious new projects . ”
If Dane Coles is selected to play in the Bledisloe fixture in Dunedin next week , All Blacks teammate Ben Smith expects the hooker to make a bold and committed return to test football .
Smith and Coles have been drawn closer together this year , both suffering prolonged issues with concussion - although in Smith 's case it turned out to be vertigo - that have forced them to miss extended periods of rugby .
It has n't been easy for either man and they have kept in touch during their various rehabilitation processes , offering each other advice and support .
Being sidelined with concussion is not a fun club to be part and Coles , having spent three months there already this season , is back where they do n't want to be this week and is unavailable for selection after taking a bang on the head in the 'Game of Three Halves ' .
Advertisement
But Smith , who missed most of the Lions series with what was originally thought to be concussion but was in fact an inner ear issue , says that Coles has learned the art of staying positive better than most .
They say that the Hurricanes hooker has shown the treasured ability to deal with this frustration at not playing and then be able to return to action without inhibition .
Those two factors are key says Smith - being able to keep optimistic and to have no reticence or fear of contact once the all clear has been given to play again .
`` I watched Colesy play the Brumbies game [ Super Rugby quarter-final which was Coles ' first game back in three months ] and they came on and had great impact so I don ' think there are any issues within their confidence . `` Talking with them - and I know when I had my problems - they sent me a message to say that their best method was just to stay positive and that is what they have been doing and working hard .
`` And I think they are seeing things now as an opportunity to keep working hard and to keep contributing . They ca n't be out on the field and I know they have been frustrated with what they have gone though but he 's stayed positive and that 's all you can do . ''
The All Blacks ' ultra cautious management style of concussion sufferers is a potential source of frustration as players are always eager to return .
But Smith says that when it comes to the brain , it is entirely different and there is nothing but support and respect for the management decision to hold players back for longer .
`` I think it is particularly important that it is taken seriously , '' says Smith . `` Head knocks have had a lot of big exposure . As a player it is great to know that your safety comes first because hopefully , we have got a lot of time after rugby finishes to do the things and we want our health to be right so we can be with our family and not have problems after rugby .
`` It is awesome that the right things are in place . ''
WITH the first reported avian flu virus or bird flu infection , the Department of Health ( DOH ) has advised the public on how to avoid getting the disease that comes from contaminated poultry .
In a statement on Monday , Assistant Secretary Enrique Tayag recommended , among others :
* cooking chicken at 70 degrees Celsius and making sure that the chicken is well-done or without any red or pinkish parts ;
* separating raw chicken products from ready-to-eat meals by using different chopping boards ;
* washing hands regularly and using clean kitchen items in food preparations .
Tayag said the people most at risk of catching the disease were those handling poultry farms or those who took care of fowls that died from avian flu .
“ Those at risk of catching bird flu from affected fowls are those handling the farms , those who took care of fowls that died due to bird flu , those who cleaned the pens of affected chickens or died [ due to bird flu ] because you have to clean [ the chickens ] , ” they said .
They said the virus was not airborne but could be transmitted “ through the nose , mouth , the eyes , or inhalation ” .
They said , so far , there has been no report of transmission through the consumption of poultry products such as fried chicken or other chicken-based meals .
“ There are no reports of getting sick due to bird flu from eating chicken . That 's because nobody eats raw chicken . They found out that if you cook the chicken , the virus will also be killed , so it is safe to eat because it is cooked , ” they said .
A person infected with avian flu shows some of the symptoms : mild conjunctivitis or swelling of the eyes and severe pneumonia . Left untreated , bird flu can be fatal , said Tayag .
Tayag said that in case of infection , hospitals would follow the same protocol used for treating Middle East Respiratory Syndrome – Coronavirus ( MERS-CoV ) . This means anyone who has flu-like symptoms must report to their local government unit so they could be taken to regional hospitals for isolation and monitoring .
Interaction with humans infected with the flu , however , does not result in “ efficient transmission ” of the disease , Tayag said .
HUBER HEIGHTS , Ohio ( WDTN ) – Too close to call is what some are saying about the Huber Heights Medical Marijuana survey results .
The analyzed data shows that the gap between those in favor and opposed is wider than initially thought , but not large enough to impact the medical marijuana moratorium . One council member told 2 NEWS there was no indication that they would reconsider or revisit the moratorium at this time .
The city conducted both a phone and online survey with roughly 350 residents participating in the phone survey . While another 1,170 people completed an online version .
The analyzed data shows that 43 % are in favor of a zoning change to allow cultivation , processing and dispensing in the city . 35 % were opposed and the rest were neutral or unsure .
One thing was clear , according to The Impact Group who presented the data analysis , was voters 35 years of age and under skewed more in favor of it medical marijuana in Huber Heights . While voters over the age over 65 skewed strongly against .
During the council meeting some residents did question the validity of the survey , particularly the online version , but the presenters said the survey was balanced .
“ Usually when we do this we have the peak in the middle . It 's just the opposite here . You got not a lot of undecided people . You have passionate people for , passionate people against . And that 's what makes it interesting right , ” The Impact Group principal and survey presenter Tom Speaks said .
Brookmans poised to keep 20-year hold on Des Plaines ' 5th Ward
hello
After Carla Brookman took the oath of office in a crowded Des Plaines city council chamber nearly two decades ago , the rookie 5th Ward alderman unintentionally began to return to the audience rather than advancing to the council dais .
`` I waited four years to get up here , and I walk the other way , '' Brookman quipped after taking their seat on the city council in April 1997 .
They held office for 12 years until a voter referendum limiting city council members and the city clerk to two four-year terms forced them off .
Now Brookman , who 's running unopposed in the April election , is poised to succeed their husband , Jim Brookman , a retired Des Plaines firefighter who 's held the position since they left office in 2009 .
If they win , the Brookmans will have control of the city council seat for 24 consecutive years . A family holding office for nearly a quarter-century seemingly undermines the majority of Des Plaines residents who , in the 1998 voter referendum , decided turnover on the city council is more important than experience . Since then , candidates can not run for re-election after serving two consecutive four-year terms . However , former aldermen can run again .
`` If you set up a system that allows this to happen , then that 's what you get , '' said Christopher Mooney , director of the Institute of Government and Public Affairs at the University of Illinois . `` Considering it 's the voters that put them in office , the voters must be fine with it . ''
Carla Brookman did not return phone calls for this story . Fifth Ward Alderman Jim Brookman offered an analysis similar to Mooney 's , pointing out no one filed to oppose their wife .
`` I think it speaks to Carla 's performance in office , '' they said . `` When you decide to run or not , you look at who is running . ''
The couple 's daughter , Jennifer Tsalapatanis , is also unopposed in their bid for city clerk .
Every other office up for election has multiple candidates .
Finding examples similar to the Brookmans is easy , from members of Congress who 've kept their family in the office to state governors who passed the position on to a spouse .
Perhaps most prominent , Mooney said , was Alabama Gov . George Wallace , who lost a battle in the state legislature to allow a sitting governor to run for re-election . As a result , they asked their wife , Lurleen Wallace , to seek the office . Wallace told voters their husband would be their top assistant , and one of the campaign slogans was `` Let George do it . '' They became the first female governor in the Deep South in 1966 .
Jim Brookman argued voters on Election Day should decide who serves in office . Aldermen have no patronage jobs to hand out , and the office is public service , they said .
`` You ca n't say it 's a bad thing someone is in office if they 're chosen by the electorate , '' Brookman said .
City is 45 % energized despite ongoing fighting
MARAWI City remains 45 percent energized , with power restored in some major establishments as of June 10 , the Department of Energy ( DoE ) said on Wednesday , citing a report from the Inter-Agency Task Force on Securing Energy Facilities ( IATFSEF ) .
The DoE said the report from the task force was as of 12:00 noon Wednesday , June 14 .
The Energy department , in coordination with the various generation , transmission and electricity distribution players in Mindanao , is trying to bring back power in some critical parts of Marawi City still affected by the ongoing fighting in the area .
Among the establishments and areas where power has already been restored are the Provincial Capitol , Amai Pakpak Medical Center , Brigade-Campo Ranao-AFP Camp , Barangay Saber and part of Barangay Matampay .
With proper coordination with the Armed Forces of the Philippines ( AFP ) and the Philippine National Police ( PNP ) , technical line personnel are en route to restore power in other vital installations in the affected areas , the DOE said .
On the distribution side , the Lanao del Sur Electric Cooperative , Inc. ( Lasureco ) said that the current power supply for Lanao del Sur is zero percent in the 1st district covering 15 municipalities , and 100 percent in the 2nd District with 16 municipalities .
For the Mindanao generation facilities , the National Power Corp. ( Napocor ) reported that the Agus-Pulangi Hydroelectric Complexes are in normal operation .
Water elevation at Lake Lanao as of 8:00 a.m. stood at 701.210 meters above sea level , while water release is at 160 meters per second , the Task Force said .
The Marawi Lake Regulating Dam ( MLRD ) gates opening has been maintained at 1.60 in view of the fact that changes entail hazards from sniper fire .
Based on the current report , the transmission system is operating under normal conditions , the task force said .
A group of teenagers tried to scramble on to rocks as a flash flood swept through them , killing two of their group .
The five boys , all from Auckland and aged 17 , had been swimming at the Cascade Falls area in the Waitakere Ranges when heavy rain struck around 4.15pm yesterday .
They had tried to scramble onto rocks before attempting to cross to the other side to reach their vehicle . Two had made it to the river bank but three were swept away , police confirmed today .
One then ran to a nearby golf course to raise the alarm . They were taken to Waitakere Hospital with mild hypothermia .
Advertisement
One of the trio swept away managed to grab hold of a tree on the bank of the stream , and was eventually winched to safety by the Westpac Rescue Helicopter about 7:15pm .
Two of the boys were found deceased , Inspector Fata Willi Fanene said . They have been identified as Sosi Turagaiviu and Mitch Woolley , both 17 .
At about 6.40pm Sosi Turagaiviu , of Massey , was found in the water under a bridge on Bethells Road , near Te Henga Road , Fanene said .
Then , at about 7:50pm , the body of Mitch Woolley , from Waitakere , was located by search and rescue teams in the Cascade Falls area near where they were swimming .
The boys ' deaths have been referred to the coroner .
Fanene said the boys ' families were `` very distraught '' .
`` We have been talking to the families of the victims of this tragic incident , and we are ensuring they are supported through what is an incredibly trying time .
`` We are also making sure the three other young men who were caught up in this event are looked after , as this has been a very traumatic experience for them and their families .
`` An incident like this is an awful reminder of the power and unpredictability of our natural environment . ''
It was not clear if the boys had been aware of the impending storm that struck the area yesterday , Fanene said . It was concerning that people had been out swimming when there had been warnings about sudden rainfall .
The normally tranquil stream from Cascade Falls became like Huka Falls as heavy rain struck the Waitakere Ranges . Photo / Supplied
The Auckland Westpac Rescue Helicopter was called at 5.30pm to help with the search and rescue operation .
Pilot Rob Arrowsmith said he , crew member Ati Wynyard and intensive care paramedic Russell `` Rusty '' Clark initially believed they were rescuing two people who had been swept away - but on speaking with them realised there were another three missing .
The normally gentle Cascade Falls had swollen to look like `` Huka Falls in a picturesque bushy valley '' , they said .
They flew downstream as far as Bethells Rd , where one person was found dead .
Concerned the body might be washed further downstream , Arrowsmith flew to pick up firefighters nearby and dropped them off to look after the dead person .
Flying back upstream to continue the search , the water had receded by several metres within half an hour , they said .
`` It was extremely hard to search underneath the underhanging foliage on either side of the river . We were lucky in glancing down , there was a guy in boardshorts underneath a tree .
`` He was spotted through a gap in the trees . We winched Rusty down to him . This guy was in waist-deep water , with the main flow to one side . They were up against a tree with water between them and a bank , cutting them off . ''
The young man was winched up to the helicopter and taken to a waiting ambulance .
`` He had a lot of abrasions and wounds on their back . But considering the flow , they were lucky they had no broken bones or deep lacerations . There were logs and rocks tumbling down the river bed and they would have been amongst them , '' Arrowsmith said .
Searching continued till dark , with police search and rescue eventually finding the body of a second person .
Arrowsmith said the encounter was `` very sad and sobering '' .
They understood the five may not have seen the warning clouds before the flash flooding due to the direction of the weather system , which formed further south .
`` By the grace of God , we 've all been in a situation like that . I 'd had to imagine what it was like with a lot of water in there . ''
The crew had worked `` extremely hard '' during the search , they said .
`` Ati and Rusty spent two hours hanging out of the helicopter in pouring rain - it takes a lot of concentration and intention to keep watching for that time . And then Rusty was winched down into a raging torrent . ''
Arrowsmith said the crew were `` incredibly sad for their families the whole time '' .
`` It 's just such a normal thing to be doing in New Zealand - taking a regular trip to a waterhole ... If they were out mountaineering or canyoning you can understand it but we could n't believe it could happen in such a regular , easy spot that so many people use . ''
TVNZ secures exclusive broadcast rights to 2021 America 's Cup
The next America 's Cup will be live and free to air on TV and across TVNZ 's online platforms .
RIYADH : Saudi Arabia 's budget deficit halved in the first six months of this year , the finance ministry said Sunday , following sweeping spending cuts and a stabilisation in oil prices .
The ultra-conservative kingdom has moved to diversify its traditionally oil-dependent economy following a sharp fall in crude prices .
The budget deficit dropped by 51 percent to 72 billion riyals ( $ 19.2 billion , 16.2 billion euros ) in the first half of 2017 , the finance ministry announced .
“ This result reflects an improvement in the management of public finances as a result of economic reform introduced through Vision 2030 , ” said Saad al-Shahrani , a high-ranking ministry official .
The Vision 2030 plan , announced by the kingdom last year , aims to develop Saudi Arabia 's industrial and investment base and boost small- and medium-sized businesses to create local jobs and reduce reliance on oil revenue .
It is the second budget report released by Riyadh since the authorities announced in May they would begin issuing the figures on a quarterly basis to boost transparency .
The kingdom has regularly posted budget deficits since 2014 , following a slump in oil prices .
Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest crude exporter , in December projected a budget deficit of $ 53 billion for this year .
Revenues for the first half of the fiscal year were up 29 percent to 308 billion riyals ( $ 82.1 billion , 69.4 billion euros ) from the same period last year .
Spending in the first six months dropped 2.0 percent to 380.7 billion riyals .
As part of its reforms , Saudi Arabia is due to introduce value-added tax ( VAT ) in early 2018 along with the UAE and Qatar .
Three other Gulf states — Bahrain , Kuwait and Oman — plan to follow at a later date .
Riyadh announced in June it had begun taxing foreigners working in the private sector as part of its fiscal reforms .
The country is also preparing to sell just under five percent of energy giant Aramco next year .
Saudi Arabia raised $ 17.5 billion in its first international bond offering in October 2016 .
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Some businesses are struggling for water after a burst main led to flooding chaos on a Birmingham city centre road .
It resulted in a torrent of water to cascading down Newhall Street on Easter Sunday .
At its deepest , the flood was up to people 's knees .
The torrent came just after Sunday lunchtime , starting outside The Queens Arms pub .
Engineers have been working around the clock to repair extensive damage to the road , which remains sealed off to vehicles .
Images supplied to the Birmingham Mail on Tuesday by resident Dave Burdall shows the extent of the damage – with a number of contractors working inside a massive crater in the road .
Office staff in nearby Edmund Street said their building was slowly running out of water floor-by-floor .
One worker at Rutland House said toilets were also out of order due to the lack of water .
They said : “ I 'm working on Edmund Street and our building is slowly running out of water .
“ We 're being told it is not a problem with the building and is out of our hands .
“ Toilets are slowly being signed as out of order with no water to them . ”
It is understood the problem is affecting high-rise buildings close to the scene and the situation has worsened with workers returning after the bank holiday weekend .
Severn Trent Water has drafted in tankers to top-up supplies .
A Severn Trent spokesperson said : “ We are aware that some people in high-rise buildings in the Newhall Street area of Birmingham may find they have low pressure in their taps this morning .
“ We are still working to repair the pipe , which is proving very tricky due to the amount of utility pipes and cables in the area that we need to avoid .
“ While we repair the pipe , the water network is set up in a different way to normal , which has been working fine over the bank holiday .
“ However , when people have gone back to work today this has increased demand on the system and so pressures are lower , particularly in these high-rise buildings .
“ So today we will be using tankers to top-up supplies which should help to improve the pressure while our work continues to repair the burst pipe . ”
SOUTH ELGIN , Ill. ( AP ) — A suburban Chicago police officer fatally shot a man who fired at officers , wounding three , during an overnight standoff .
The officers ' injuries were not life threatening .
The Chicago Tribune reports the standoff began late Tuesday when police were called to a home in South Elgin , about 40 miles ( 65 kilometers ) northwest of Chicago , for a report of shots fired .
Police Sgt . Mike Doty says at least two shotgun blasts were fired at officers as they approached . Police surrounded the building and evacuated neighboring homes .
Advertisement
Officers began negotiating with the man , who barricaded themselves in a stairwell . Police believed they were armed with a scoped rifle as well as the shotgun .
Police say an officer shot and killed the unidentified man after they fired at police again around 2:30 a.m. Wednesday .
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Relatives of Dalian Atkinson have said they are still determined to 'get to the facts ' a year after the ex-Aston Villa star died after being shot with a police Taser .
The 48-year-old former striker was shot in the street where they grew up in Telford after West Mercia Police were called to an incident on August 15 last year .
Paramedics and doctors were unable to revive Atkinson , despite administering CPR on them for more than an hour after they were taken to hospital .
( Image : Christopher Furlong/Getty Images )
Mr Atkinson 's family said : `` A year has gone by and we 're still reeling from our loss . Dalian was our baby brother .
`` Our determination to get to the facts and to see that appropriate action is taken will not be weakened by the passing of time . We 're buckled in for the long haul . ''
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) earlier revealed that three West Mercia Police officers have been interviewed under criminal caution and served with gross misconduct notices relating to their death .
The watchdog said it has has been looking into the level and type of force used during the incident , and considering evidence from 15 other police officers and more than 15 members of the public .
Their funeral was attended by hundreds of mourners , including former Aston Villa stars Ian Taylor and Tommy Johnson and scores of fans , at Telford crematorium last November .
Monday 's statement , issued by the team leading the inquest into their death , renews the family 's previous demands for answers over the use of force during the former player 's confrontation with police .
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Families Impacted By Travel Ban Unite At MSP AirportOn Sunday , families affected by the travel ban were reunited at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
TARLAC CITY : Acting Mayor Genaro Mendoza belied rumors of sabotage after a fire gutted a portion of downtown public market on Sunday night and two other minor fires hit the city hall 's Treasury and Tourism offices last week . Mendoza said reports of the Bureau of Fire Protection ( BFP ) showed the market fire was caused by electrical overload . Nobody was hurt in the incident . Huge fires gutted the controversial market in the past two decades . “ We are confident that our fire department is doing its job to ensure that no major fire could hit any of our establishments and cost lives , ” Mendoza said . Meanwhile , the fires at the city hall 's Treasury and Tourism offices were blamed on faulty electrical connections that need urgent repairs . Tarlac City fire chief Insp . Jimmy Suba called for sustained tests of electrical connections within the city government 's offices . Suba said fires are common , particularly during summer months and discourage everyone against the use sub-standard wires and extension cords or faulty electrical connections .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City defender was carried off the pitch at Hillsborough this afternoon to put a cloud around what was otherwise a silver-lined first half-hour .
The 30-year-old was injured as they won a tackle against Jacob Butterfield and appeared to be hurt in the follow through .
They remained down with their hands on their head for several minutes before being stretchered from the field of play .
Grounds , who recently signed a new contract , was replaced by Cohen Bramall but after a transfer window in which Blues did n't sign anyone they are their only established senior left back .
Bramall is on loan from Arsenal having joined the Gunners from non-league Hednesford .
Steve Seddon has made rapid strides in the Under 23s but is yet to play a first team match .
Blues went in to the break 3-0 up after Jota 's first two goals for Blues and one for David Davis .
We 're testing a new site : This content is coming soon
Follow the action live ...
Sheffield Wednesday vs Birmingham City LIVE : Team news and updates
Industry Highlights :
The Aircraft Leasing Industry is one of the most recognized industries across the globe . In the recent years , the leasing activities on aircraft have been increased from 2 % in 1980 to more than 50 % in 2016 . This has shown that there is a complete dominance of leasing companies over the global market . After 9/11 attacks , the aircraft leasing activities have substantially increased from 25 % in 2001 to 40 % in 2014 . The major reason for this change was that previously the commercial banks were the main source of aircraft financing and after that the other leasing companies have gained traction to establish themselves into the aircraft market . Aircraft Leasing Market has gained a huge traction around the globe owing to the increased Air Travel rate .
According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future , The Aircraft Leasing Market is projected to grow at a rapid pace and gain further prominence during the forecast period ( 2016 – 2023 ) . The Market is forecasted to demonstrate an aggrandized growth by 2023 , surpassing its previous growth records ; by posting a decent CAGR during the forecasted period 2016-2023 . The global aircraft leasing market is expected to reach USD 62,221.8 Million by 2023 with a growing CAGR of 4.75 % .
The Aircraft Leasing market is predominantly driven by the heavy investments transpired and the numerous companies that are opting for leasing of aircraft . Major influencing factors that have driven the global aircraft leasing market are the dominance of Irish and Chinese companies . Ireland is one if the major hub for aircraft leasing which has consumed around half of the market share of the global market . As a result , Europe has become the major revenue generator for the global market . Additionally , the rising demand for wet leasing market is also driving the market as several new airlines companies are emerging into the market . Subsequently , the execution VAT on aircraft leasing has also boosted up the market growth .
On the other hand , the rising prices of crude oil and complicated and unclear leasing regulations and taxation policies could affect the market growth of aircraft leasing market . Adversely , industry 's capital discipline has improved , since 2010 airlines have consistently spent less on investment than they generate in cash flow .
AerCap , Air Lease Corporation , BOC Aviation , GECAS , BBAM , CIT Commercial Air , Aviation Capital Group , Boeing Capital Corporation , SAAB Aircraft Leasing , and International Lease Finance Corporation are some of the prominent players at the forefront of competition in the Global Market of Aircraft Leasing and are profiled in MRFR Analysis .
Competitive Analysis
Characterized by the presence of several major well-established players , the global Market of Aircraft Leasing appears to be highly competitive . Well established players incorporate acquisition , collaboration , partnership , expansion , and technology & product launch in order to gain competitive advantage in this market and to maintain their market position . Strategic partnerships between Key players support the growth and expansion plans of the key players during the forecast period . The Key players operating in the market compete based on pricing , technology , reputation and services . Growth potential demonstrated by the market is attracting several new entrants to the market . Key Players are looking up to expand in developing economies . Lessors reduce the burden of capital funding on airlines by buying aircraft and then leasing the assets to airlines . The lessors obtain their funding from the same mix of sources as the industry as a whole .
Industry News :
September 2017 , Singapore Technologies ( ST ) Engineering 's aerospace arm ST Aerospace invests US $ 10.5 million into ST Aerospace Resources for a flow through injection into Keystone Holdings ( Global ) to expand its aircraft leasing business .
September 2017 , Standard Chartered announced that through Standard Chartered Bank ( Hong Kong ) Limited , it has established an aviation leasing company – Pembroke Aircraft Leasing ( Tianjin ) Limited ( Pembroke ) in the Dongjiang Free Trade Port zone ( DFTP ) in Tianjin .
For further information on this report , visit @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aircraft-leasing-market-4247
Regional Analysis
Geographically , European region have accounted the largest market for global aircraft leasing market owing to the presence of wide range of leasing companies in Ireland . Moreover , Ireland is the major hub for leasing of aircraft consuming around 50 % of the total market . Asia-Pacific is the second and the fastest growing region as several coming are coming into operations in China , India , Indonesia , Malaysia and others .
Ireland has established itself as a global hub for aircraft leasing with more than 50 % of the total market and out of 15 global lessors 14 global lessors operates from Ireland .
'We ca n't do it alone ' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori .
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) — Officials say a woman caught trying to smoke on a Southwest flight has been arrested after shouting they were going to kill everyone on the plane .
Sacramento County sheriff 's spokesperson Shaun Hampton said Monday that 24-year-old Valerie Curbelo was arrested on the tarmac when the plane landed Saturday .
Hampton says when the crew stopped Curbelo from having a cigarette in the plane 's bathroom , they threatened to kill all the passengers and crew and became combative .
Southwest said in a statement that the flight from Portland , Oregon , received priority treatment from air traffic control and landed safely in Sacramento .
Advertisement
In a jailhouse interview with KOVR-TV , Curbelo , of Sandy , Oregon , said anxiety drove them to smoke .
They said they did n't know why they made the death threats , adding that it was n't typical behavior for them
SBCC has always prided itself on its reputation as being one of the premiere community colleges in the state and the nation . We recently received reaffirmation of that standing this fall through a number of new awards and grants , all of which will assist our students in achieving their higher-education goals .
Aspen Finalist
In September , the Aspen Institute announced that SBCC has been selected as one of the top 10 community colleges in the nation and a finalist for the Aspen Institute College Excellence Program competition . This is high praise , indeed , as there are nearly 1,200 accredited public community colleges in the nation , and SBCC was the only top 10 finalist selected from California .
According to the Aspen Institute , the award is the first national recognition of extraordinary accomplishments at individual community colleges and follows on the April project launch and previous White House Community College Summit that attracted participation and endorsement from President Barack Obama as well as luminaries in American education , labor , business and civil society .
In responding to the Aspen criteria , SBCC was selected as a top 10 finalist based on how many students learn , how many complete their programs on time , and how well students do in the job market after graduating . In addition to delivering outstanding students results , the college uses data for both decision-making and for continuous improvement over time .
We are looking forward to an Aspen site visit this fall with the first-ever national winner and up to three runners-up announced in Washington , D.C. , in December . The recipients will share a prize fund of $ 1 million .
Champions of Change
On Sept. 21 , I had the privilege of joining 14 other community college leaders from throughout the United States at the White House Champions of Change roundtable discussion .
This weekly session is part of the Winning the Future initiative sponsored by the Obama administration to advance the goal of having the best educated and most comprehensive work force in the world . Different groups are highlighted each week , ranging from educators to entrepreneurs to community activists .
Our group , which included a number of other representatives from the Aspen Institute College Excellence Program finalists , shared ideas and best practices for innovation and higher education in the community college field with senior leadership within the executive branch . I was very impressed with the creativity and caliber of work going on throughout our country to ensure that our collective community college graduates receive the best education possible to successfully find work in the competitive 21st-century job market or transfer to a four-year college or university .
I am proud to have been able to share what we have been doing at SBCC with this elite group and to have learned more about their strategies and activities .
Grants
In these challenging economic times , the ability to secure grants has never been more important in helping SBCC maintain its standards of excellence for the success of our students . The college recently received word that SBCC was awarded a $ 4 million federal Hispanic Serving Institution Science , Technology , Engineering and Math ( HSI : STEM ) grant awarded over five years .
The focus of the grant is to increase the number of students in general , and low-income and Hispanic students in particular , who complete their transfer requirements in a science , technology , engineering or math ( STEM ) major and who continue their education at a four-year college or university in a STEM field of study . Students accepted into the Express to Transfer Program will be expected to complete their lower-division transfer requirements in two years . The grant also will help us develop a comparable program for non-STEM majors .
The grant builds on another $ 3 million grant the college received last year to develop the Express to Success Program , an accelerated curriculum focusing on development of basic skills . This program is structured for student progression from basic skills to college-level courses to degree completion and transfer to four-year colleges and universities .
SBCC also will be partnering with California State University Channel Islands on a HIS : STEM grant it received that includes providing support for SBCC students pursuing a degree in a STEM-related major and continued additional services for those who transfer to CSUCI .
Tradition of Excellence
The tradition of excellence continues at SBCC , and I am fortunate to have worked at such an outstanding college for the past 25 years . I appreciate the contributions that each member of the college community makes on a daily basis to help provide our students with such an exceptional and supportive environment in which to learn .
— Dr. Jack Friedlander is SBCC 's acting superintendent/president .
Marriage and civil partnership in the UK have undergone many changes in recent years in both legal and social status .
[ PORTSMOUTH , 04/07/2018 ] – A party to a marriage or civil partnership can take action that could lead to divorce or dissolution when the relationship is beyond repair . Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will explain the formal legal process for terminating a marriage or civil partnership .
Divorce is the legal dissolution of a marriage and can only be obtained by a court order ( a decree absolute ) – the same applies for a dissolution of a civil partnership . Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will inform prospective clients on the stages necessary to obtain a divorce or dissolution .
Grounds for divorce and dissolution
Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will need to prove to the court that a marriage or civil partnership is beyond repair by employing legally recognised grounds . These grounds include :
Adultery ( currently only applicable to heterosexual couples )
Unreasonable behaviour
Desertion
Two years of separation with mutual consent
Five years of separation ( mutual consent is not required )
If any of the above claims are substantiated in court , then it is likely that divorce or dissolution will be granted without considerable delay . Andrew & Andrew family solicitors have extensive experience in family law matters . Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will strive to resolve disputes in the best interest of the children and other vulnerable family members .
The process
The legal process of divorce or dissolution begins when Andrew & Andrew family solicitors issue a divorce of dissolution petition on behalf of their client . When children are involved , Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will also file a form known as a Statement of Arrangements in order to ensure that the needs of the children are sufficiently met .
Divorce and dissolution proceedings can be brief or long – it all depends on co-operation and mutual consent of the petition . In general though , unless there are complications or delays , a divorce or dissolution can be obtained in six months or less with the help of Andrew & Andrew family solicitors .
All of Andrew & Andrew family solicitors follow the Resolution Code of Practice that aims to the positive management of the consequences of a divorce of dissolution .
The Lauryn Ashton Collection recently shared tips for new moms who are looking to start their day quickly . The company stated that it realizes that this is often a challenge for new moms , and its tips are intended to help with this process . The company stated that these tips are located at https : //thelaurenashtyncollection.com/how-new-moms-can-feel-ready-in-a-matter-of-no-time/
The Lauren Ashtyn Collection indicated that its first tip for new moms who are looking to get ready in a jiffy is that new moms can use hair extensions to add volume and fullness to their hair . The company stated that , shortly after giving birth , women tend to suffer from hair loss . The Lauren Ashtyn Collection shared that hair extensions can help compensate for that hair loss with ease , allowing for customizeable color and style .
The second tip that The Lauryn Ashton Collection shared was that new mothers should use products that do “ double duty. ” The company recommended that , for example , when new mothers are taking a bath or shower , they should use a shower gel that has moisturizers in it , so that they do n't have to spend time moisturizing as a separate process . The company also recommended using a shower gel that lathers and foams , so that it can help speed up the shaving process . The Lauren Ashtyn Collection understands that a fine line exists between needing personal time and taking too much time away from a new baby .
For its final tip , The Lauren Ashtyn Collection touches on the idea that new mothers should wear clothing that is both comfortable and fashionable . The company mentioned that this approach allows mothers to feel relaxed and comfortable , while also expressing their own personal style and maintaining confidence . Elaborate outfits and constrictive garments are detrimental to new moms , in many ways .
The Lauren Ashtyn Collection concluded its announcement by providing company information . The company stated that Lauren Ashtyn is the daughter of a hairstylist , and grew up with a passion for hair . The company also indicated that it provides hair extensions , in addition to hair care products and accessories . The company went on to mention that its hair extensions are 100 % human European hairpieces , and are fully customizable with regard to color , cut and style . The Lauren Ashtyn Collection closed by saying that its clip-in extensions provide length and volume in a snap . https : //www.facebook.com/thelaurenashtyncollection/
CONTACT :
Christopher Guest
Company : The Lauryn Ashtyn Collection
Address : 162 East Main St. , Spartanburg , SC 29306
Tel : ( 865 ) 641-0751
Email : Contact @ laurenashtyn.com
Website : www.thelaurenashtyncollection.com
Xbox One users everywhere are finally getting the 4K treatment , where YouTube is concerned that is . Though the Xbox One S launched with native 4K support over a year ago , Google has only decided to tap into that potential now , with the new YouTube app offering 4K videos at 60FPS .
If you 're eager to experience YouTube in 4K on your Xbox One X or S , you can either wait for the update to roll out to your device sometime this week , or download the app directly from a separate Windows Store listing right now .
This news will undoubtedly come as a pleasant surprise to many , but it 's unclear whether or not the update will be enough to convince those who have long since moved on to other 4K-supporting , third-party YouTube apps -- such as MyTube -- to make the switch back . However , with Google 's incessant crackdown on certain third-party YouTube apps , the decision may soon be out of their hands .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $ 10 million a day combined if housekeepers , cooks and others go on strike .
The Culinary Union detailed Wednesday how it thinks a one-month strike would affect MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment , which operate more than half the properties that would be affected .
The contracts of 50,000 workers employed at 34 casino-hotels expire at midnight Thursday . They could walk off the job any time starting Friday after voting last week to authorize a strike .
MGM says it met with union negotiators this week and has more talks scheduled . The company says it remains confident that it can `` resolve the outstanding contract issues . ''
Advertisement
Caesars did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday .
Tributes have been paid after the death on New Year 's Day of a much-loved and well-known member of a flute band in Londonderry .
Caw Flute Band are mourning the passing of one of the band 's founding members , 39-year-old Eddie McCarter , who passed away from health complications on January 1 .
Mr McCarter was one of the founding members when Caw Flute Band was established in 2011 and had previously played with Nelson Drive Flute Band .
Allister Gault from Caw Flute Band said they were a very well-known and much-loved member of the band .
Mr Gault said : “ It is a very sad time for everyone in the band and for their family in particular and we would like to offer our support .
“ It was very unexpected . They did not seem in any way ill at all .
“ Caw Flute Band was only started in 2011 and they were one of the four or five founding members of it . They were in Nelson Drive Flute Band from when they were very young . They were very well known both within the local community and across the country .
“ I have been getting messages of condolence from different bands all over the country . Nobody had a bad word about him .
“ Our band is like a second family to a lot of members and it was like that for Eddie . They have family members in the band .
“ The whole band will mis him , the whole estate will miss them and the wider community as well . ”
Funeral arrangements have yet to be announced .
MANILA , Philippines ( AP ) — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has asked Congress to extend by one year the martial law they declared in the south to ensure the `` total eradication '' of pro-Islamic State group extremists .
Duterte warned that extremists continue to plot public uprisings aimed at establishing a caliphate in Southeast Asia despite a failed but disastrous attempt to set up one in the southern Philippines .
Duterte said in a letter to the Senate and the House of Representatives that extending their martial law declaration in the south through the end of 2018 would allow government forces to press offensives against other armed groups , including the brutal Abu Sayyaf group and communist guerrillas , who have intensified their attacks .
A copy of the president 's letter was made available to reporters Monday .
“ Black Panther star Chadwick Boseman was candid in recent sit-down with Mr.Porter.com , where they shared the mind-altering event of growing up in the American south juxtaposed by the status of starring in one of the biggest superhero movies of all time .
Boseman recalled that while driving from the Atlanta set of the Black Panther movie to their hometown of Anderson , South Carolina , they would sometimes drive by groups of KKK members . They also talked about importance of the film and how it exists to disprove misconceptions about the African diaspora .
RELATED : Roxane Gay Left Out Of ‘ Black Panther ' Premiere
“ I would see the Klan holding rallies in a Walmart car park . So it 's like we 're going forwards and backwards at the same time . People do n't want to experience change , they just want to wake up and it 's different . But this — shooting ‘ Black Panther ' and then driving past the Klan—that 's what change feels like , ” they said .
The actor was also open about a thread that is shared by all who walk the world as Black–recounting their experience of being called the n-word and confronting the harsh realities of racism .
“ It 's not hard to find in South Carolina . Going to high school , I 'd see Confederate flags on trucks . I know what it 's like to be a kid at an ice-cream shop when some little white kid calls you ‘ nigger ' , but your parents tell you to calm down because they know it could blow up , ” said Boseman . “ We even had trucks try to run us off the road . ”
With only t-minus 14 days until the movie 's opening , “ Black Panther ” has already shattered numerous records and is on track to be one of , if not–the– the largest superhero movie of all time .
Read the full interview in the link below .
SOURCE : Mr.Porter.com
DO N'T MISS :
‘ Black Panther ' Pre-Sales Topping All Previous Superhero Movies
Little Miss Flint Launches A GoFundMe For Kids To See ‘ Black Panther '
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West paid a visit to the White House Wednesday to make a star-powered case to President Donald Trump and their staff on behalf of a woman serving a life sentence for drug offenses .
The US president posted this photo to Twitter . Source : Twitter/Donald Trump
Kardashian West has been urging the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson , 63 , who has spent more than two decades behind bars and is not eligible for parole .
It had been unclear whether the socialite would have the chance to sit down with Trump while they were in Washington , but Trump confirmed the meeting - as they often do - via Twitter , writing , `` Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing . ''
They included a picture of the two in the Oval Office - Trump seated behind their desk and Kardashian West , dressed in all-black , standing to their right .
Kardashian West arrived at the White House just after 4:30 p.m. for what was expected to be a meeting with Jared Kushner , Trump 's son-in-law and senior adviser , who is overseeing the administration 's push to overhaul the nation 's prison system . They appeared to preview the visit on their Twitter feed , writing : `` Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you . ''
A rare A-list celebrity to visit the White House since Trump took office , Kardashian West was seen posing for photos in front of the West Wing before entering .
Attorney Brittany K. Barnett , a member of Johnson 's legal team , said Kardashian West had hoped to discuss the issue with Trump directly .
In an interview with Mic released earlier this month , Kardashian West said she 'd been moved by Johnson 's story after seeing a video by the news outlet on Twitter .
`` I think that they really deserves a second chance at life , '' Kardashian told Mic . `` I 'll do whatever it takes to get them out . ''
Kardashian West said in the interview she 'd been in touch with Kushner over the case and that , if they had the chance to bring it up with Trump , she 'd tell him , `` I really do believe that she 's going to really thrive outside of prison , and I would just urge them to please pardon her . ''
Trump last week granted a rare posthumous pardon to boxing 's first black heavyweight champion , clearing Jack Johnson 's name more than 100 years after what many saw as a racially charged conviction .
The boxer 's pardon had been championed by actor Sylvester Stallone , who Trump said had brought the story to their attention in a phone call .
Trump has issued just a handful of pardons , including one for former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , a staunch campaign supporter ; one for Scooter Libby , who served as chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney ; and one for a U.S. Navy sailor convicted of taking photos of classified portions of a submarine .
Kardashian West supported Trump 's rival , Democrat Hillary Clinton , during the 2016 election . But their husband , rapper Kanye West , recently offered their support for Trump in a series of tweets , saying they both share `` dragon energy . '' Kardashian West defended their husband when they caught flak on social media for their tweets .
West also paid a visit to the then-president-elect in New York before their inauguration . Trump said they talked about `` life '' as they posed for photos in the lobby of Trump Tower . West has said they did n't vote in the presidential election , but if they had , they would have cast a ballot for Trump .
Trump and members of their administration have spoken passionately in favour of prison and sentencing reform , but that has sometimes clashed with Trump 's law-and-order approach , especially at the Justice Department .
Indeed , Trump has called for getting tougher on drug dealers , including suggesting that some should receive the death penalty .
Johnson was convicted in 1996 on eight criminal counts related to a Memphis-based cocaine trafficking operation involving more than a dozen people . The 1994 indictment describes dozens of deliveries and drug transactions , many involving Johnson .
They were sentenced to life in prison in 1997 , and appellate judges and the U.S. Supreme Court have rejected their appeals . Court records show they have a motion pending for a reduction in their sentence , but federal prosecutors are opposed , saying in a court filing that the sentence is in accord with federal guidelines , based on the large quantity of drugs involved . The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Memphis did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday afternoon .
A criminal justice advocacy site , CAN-DO , and one of Johnson 's attorneys say a request for clemency was rejected by former President Barack Obama . The reasons are unclear .
A 1997 Associated Press story on Johnson 's sentencing said they headed up a multimillion-dollar drug ring . But Memphis attorney Michael Scholl , who filed the latest court documents in their request for a sentence reduction , said they were not a leader in the cocaine operation .
`` What is the purpose of putting a lady with no prior criminal record , on a nonviolent drug offense , in jail for their entire life ? '' they said in a telephone interview . `` She 's a model inmate . ''
Scholl added that Johnson has admitted their wrongdoing , which is borne out in letters they have written to U.S. District Judge Samuel H. Mays , who now oversees their case .
`` Judge Mays I 'm writing to you to express my deep remorse for the crime that I committed over 20 years ago . I made some bad choices which have not only affected my life , but have impacted my entire family , '' they said in a February 2017 letter in the court record .
In a hand-scrawled letter last June they wrote : `` I 'm a broken woman . More time in prison can not accomplish more justice . ''
Five things to know about the new £5 banknote
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new polymer £5 banknote has fetched an eye-watering £50,000 on eBay , it has been revealed .
WestBriton reports the special note was put up for sale on the online auction website by a Plymouth resident last month .
While the identity of the mystery buyer remains unclear , many Birmingham residents who have got their hands on the `` longer lasting '' and `` harder to forge '' new note will be keen to discover whether they could bag a fortune .
The note which sold has the serial number AK47 489327 and the sale follows thousands of instances of sellers auctioning off have the new five pound notes on eBay .
Collectors are looking for five pound notes with the lowest serial numbers as these attract the highest bids .
Experts say the new polymer notes are resistant to dirt and moisture so stay cleaner for longer than paper banknotes , and are also more secure , ensuring enhanced counterfeit resilience .
The first five pound note to be printed by the Bank of England , which has a serial number with AA01 000001 , was given to the Queen but there are 999,999 other new fivers with the AA01 prefix .
A search on eBay currently reveals Brummie users are trying their luck and selling the note for as high as £20,000 - but it remains to be seen whether anybody bites .
The note from the seller , with a serial number ALI666 , is described as `` extremely rare '' and is currently being viewed by multiple eBay users per hour .
Last week , a representative at a Birmingham auctioning company Joseph Cottrial told us many of these eBay sellers are not likely to make the profit they are hoping for .
Mr Cottrial , who works for Warwick & Warwick Ltd , said : “ The one going for £50,000 is worth a fiver .
“ The only one that stands a chance is the fiver that was given to the Queen .
“ People can put anything on eBay but I suspect the users are trying their luck and being speculative ... these prices are just too high .
“ I even think in the future we 'll see a massive drop in the value .
“ In 2017 , I reckon , the most you can sell these fivers would be £100 . Now , I would say you should sell for about £200 . ”
THE national manager of headspace school support Kristen Douglas has written a powerful letter following the release and airing of controversial and confronting television show , 13 Reasons Why .
Since the program debuted on March 31 , there has been widespread support for the show from viewers , taking to social media to express their view on why the show is important .
However , the graphic and strong themes the program promotes has raised concerns among those who work with young people .
Dear Editor ,
I am writing on behalf of headspace to address growing concerns raised by schools , parents and young people across Australia about some content featured in US Netflix series 13 Reasons Why .
The series - which debuted in Australia in late March and is currently streaming on Netflix - depicts a young woman who suicides . It presents the viewer with very confronting and graphic messaging and imagery inclusive of suicide method and means .
Since its debut both the national headspace School Support Program , which supports school communities in the aftermath of a suicide , and eheadspace , the national online and over-the-phone counselling service has received a growing numbers of calls and emails directly related to the program .
The show exposes viewers to risky suicide content and may lead to a distressing reaction by the viewer particularly if the audience is children and young people .
National and international research clearly indicates the very real impact and risk to harmful suicide exposure , leading to increased risk and possible suicide contagion .
Clinicians working for eheadspace have been dealing with a steady stream of concerned parents and young people since the show first aired .
There is a responsibility for broadcasters to know what they are showing and the impact that certain content can have on an audience - and on a young audience in particular .
headspace School Support and eheadspace is urging school communities , parents , and mental health services to be aware of the dangers and risks associated for children and young people who have been exposed to this content .
The national suicide media initiative , Mindframe , also has significant concerns and warnings related to this content .
Please see the following links for helpful information for schools , mental health services , and parents if they are aware that children or young people have been exposed to the content and have expressed concerns around their own mental health , distress , or suicidal thoughts and feelings .
Kristen Douglas
National Manager headspace School Support
Managing social media following a suicide :
https : //headspace.org.au/assets/Uploads/Corporate/Managing-social-media-following-a-suicide-web.pdf
Grief - How a young person might respond to a suicide :
https : //headspace.org.au/assets/Uploads/Corporate/Grief-How-young-people-might-respond-to-a-suicide-web.pdf
How to talk about suicide with a young person :
https : //headspace.org.au/assets/School-Support/How-to-talk-about-suicide-with-young-people.pdf
headspace has 99 centres across Australia , for details visit www.headspace.org.au .
If you are aged 12 to 25 and having a tough time , visit your local centre or contact eheadspace on 1800650890 or www.eheadspace.org.au
CTV Vancouver
A small but stubborn blaze continues to burn on and under a historic trestle bridge near Hope , B.C .
Jeanne Larsen of the BC Wildfire Service told The Canadian Press the century-old Ladner Creek Trestle Bridge caught fire on Sunday . Within hours , the flames spread to the forest below , and crews were still working to get the 2,000-square-metre blaze under control on Wednesday .
The province 's website lists the suspected cause of the fire as human activity , but does n't give any details on how the blaze might have been ignited .
An Instagram user , however , posted saying someone had tossed a cigarette on the decommissioned stretch of railway .
`` Last Sunday a friend and I went out to the Ladner creek trestle for the first time to see it with our own eyes , only to find out minutes before someone tossed a cigarette butt on to the historic railroad bridge which ended up catching on fire and spreading to the forest below , '' Dylan Heringa wrote .
Fire investigators are on scene trying to confirm the cause .
A helicopter is helping the three-member fire suppression crew , but officials say the steep terrain is making firefighting efforts difficult .
According to the service , the fire is `` being held , '' which means it is neither under control nor out of control .
Larsen gave few details about the extent of the damage caused to the bridge .
With files from The Canadian Press
File photo of a Saudi security personnel member walking amid the rubble in the eastern town of Awamiyah
Saudi Arabia has reportedly laid waste to at least 320 houses in an eastern Shia-majority town , which it has placed under siege for about three months .
Local activists reported the figure on Monday , saying the structures in Awamiyah had mostly been populated by Shia Muslims , presstv.ir wrote .
They said Saudi forces also flattened four mosques and three Husainiyahs or centers used to host Shia mourning rituals .
Awamiyah is located in the Qatif region of Saudi Arabia 's Shia-populated Eastern Province . Since 2011 , the small town of 30,000 has served as the epicenter of anti-regime rallies , with the protesters calling for an end to the kingdom 's discriminatory policies against the country 's Shia minority .
The region has witnessed sporadic deaths of Saudi forces at the hands of unknown gunmen . Riyadh blames the Shia population for such assaults .
Since May , Riyadh has imposed a siege on Awamiyah in what it calls a “ security campaign ” against the gunmen there , launching almost daily attacks against the town , destroying residential areas , setting fire to buildings , and reportedly threatening the residents to either leave or face potentially deadly swoops .
New York-based organization Human Rights Watch cited Awamiyah 's residents and activists as saying on Sunday that Saudi forces had encircled the town and sealed it off since July .
The al-Musawara neighborhood , Awamiyah 's old quarter , has been the hardest hit area in the crackdown . Also on Monday , local sources said a Saudi security personnel member was killed in the neighborhood .
The regime claims the security raids are meant to pave way for a wholesale “ renovation ” project aimed at boosting tourism and commerce in the town .
However , a Saudi trooper was filmed walking amid the ruins in al-Musawara pointing to the aftermath of the destruction and admitting that the operations were meant to obliterate the cradle of the anti-regime activism in the country .
The Neon bus and Neon Remix are the district 's mobile café 's for its summer food program . The decommissioned buses were refurbished and fitted with a serving area and six tables with the ability to seat 24 people .
During the school year , the original Neon bus was converted into a mobile classroom , so teachers could use it to get out of the building occasionally .
The Neon Remix will perform the same role as the Neon bus and allow the school system to give out more meals in the summer .
“ We had 7,350 meals served [ last summer ] , ” said Ballard . “ This year , we have Remix , and we 're going to be going to different sites . We 're going to have 17 total sites , nine of them are feeding sites , and eight of them are drop sites . We 're going to spend about an hour at Don Fox Park , so anybody can come to Don Fox Park and eat with us . ”
The summer food program will be at Coles Ferry Elementary School 's cafeteria from 7:45-8:30 a.m. and 11 a.m. until noon until June 29 .
The program will also be at the Tater Peeler Road site from 11:45 a.m. until noon ; Inman Court from 10:45-11:10 a.m. ; Weatherly Estates from 11:45 a.m. until 12:15 p.m. ; Peyton Road Apartments from 10:45-11 a.m. ; Kent Drive and Hobbs Avenue from 12:15-12:35 p.m. ; Upton Heights from 11:20 a.m. until noon ; Springhill Townhomes from 11:15-11:30 a.m. ; Greentree Apartments from 12:50-1:10 p.m. and Don Fox Community Park from 12:15-1:30 p.m. until July 20 .
Research Report Insights ( RRI ) offers a 10-year forecast on the global orthopedic imaging equipment market . The primary objective of the report is to offer updates and information related to market opportunities in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market .
In terms of revenue , the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is expected to register a CAGR of 4.9 % during the forecast period , 2016–2026 . The primary objective of the report is to offer insights on the market dynamics that can influence growth of the global orthopedic imaging equipment market over the forecast period . Insights on key market & price trends , drivers , restraints , value forecasts and opportunities for companies operating in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market are presented in the report .
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents @ https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114790/Orthopaedic-Imaging-Equipment-Market
The global market for orthopedic imaging equipment is expected to experience significant growth rate in terms of value owing to rise in prevalence of orthopedic injuries globally . Furthermore , increasing per capita healthcare expenditure as increasing disposable income in developing economies is aligning number of individuals to opt for advanced diagnostic services , which in turn is expected to favour the market for orthopedic imaging over the forecast period . Also , encouraged R & D activities in the field of medical imaging and medical electronics are propelling the growth of the orthopedic imaging equipment market . However , significant increase in per capita income is projected to result in increased demand for advanced diagnostic and imaging equipment . Growth rate from the orthopedic imaging equipment market in North America is expected to expand at the relatively higher CAGR due to increase in prevalence and advancement in technologies in the region . To understand and assess opportunities in this market , the report offers market forecast on the basis of product type , indication , end user and regions . The report provides analysis of the global orthopedic imaging equipment market in terms of market value ( US $ Mn ) .
Global Orthopedic Imaging Equipment Market– North America is expected to witness relatively higher Growth in terms of revenue by 2026
The orthopedic imaging equipment market segments , by product type , indication , end-user and region , have been analysed in terms of basis point share ( BPS ) to understand the individual segment 's relative contributions to market growth . This detailed level of information is important for identifying various key trends in the orthopedic imaging equipment market .
The global orthopedic imaging equipment market is segmented on the basis of product types into :
X-Ray System
CT-Scanner
MRI System
EOS Imaging Systems
Ultrasound
Nuclear Imaging Systems Sleep Apnea Screening Devices
Nasal Flow Sensors
Peripheral Capillary Oxygen Saturation ( SPO2 )
The report begins with the market definition , followed by definitions of the different orthopedic imaging equipment product types . The market dynamics section includes RRI 's analysis on key trends , drivers , restraints , opportunities and macro-economic factors influencing the growth of the global orthopedic imaging equipment market and key regulations for medical devices . Also the pricing analysis of different products in the segment is mentioned for orthopedic imaging equipment upcoming products .
Request For Report Discount @ https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114790/Orthopaedic-Imaging-Equipment-Market
The report analyses the market on the basis of indication and presents forecast in terms of value for the next 10 years . On the basis of indication , the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is categorized into :
Acute injuries
Sports injuries
Trauma cases
Chronic Disorders
Osteoarthritis
Osteoporosis
Prolapsed Disc
Degenerative joint diseases
Others
The report analyses the market on the basis of end user and presents forecast in terms of value for the next 10 years . On the basis of end user , the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is categorized into :
Hospitals
Radiology Centers
Emergency Care Facility
Ambulatory Surgical Centers
Next , the report analyses the market on the basis of regions and presents forecast in terms of value for the next 10 years . On the basis of regions , the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is segmented into :
North America
S .
Canada
Latin America
Brazil
Mexico
Rest of Latin America
Western Europe
Germany
France
K .
Spain
Italy
Benelux
Rest of Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Russia
Poland
Rest of Eastern Europe
APEJ
China
India
ASEAN
Australia and New Zealand
Rest Of APEJ
Japan
Middle East & Africa ( MEA )
GCC Countries
South Africa
Rest of MEA
In addition , we have considered Year-on-Year ( Y-o-Y ) growth to understand the predictability of the market and identify growth opportunities for companies operating in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market .
Another key feature of this report is the analysis of key segments in terms of absolute dollar opportunity . This is overlooked , while forecasting . However , absolute $ opportunity is important for assessing the degree of opportunity that a provider desire to achieve , as well as to identify potential resources from a sales and delivery perspective for the response given by orthopedic imaging equipment market . To understand key segments in terms of their growth and performance in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market , RRI has developed a market attractiveness index . The resulting index would help providers identify existing market opportunities .
In the final section of the report , there is a ‘ competitive landscape ' to provide a dashboard view of key players engaged in the market for global orthopedic imaging equipment . This section is preferably designed to provide clients with an aim and detailed comparative assessment of key providers particularly specific to the market segment in the orthopedic imaging equipment market and the potential players . However , this section also includes company details , company overview , key developments and market strategies of the profiled key player active in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market .
Detailed profiles of orthopedic imaging equipment product manufacturers are also included in the scope of the report to evaluate their long- and short-term strategies . Some key players included in this report General Electric Company , Siemens AG , Koninklijke Philips N.V. , Toshiba Medical Systems Corporation , Hitachi , Ltd. , Esaote SpA , Planmed OY , EOS Imaging .
Report Analysis @ https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114790/Orthopaedic-Imaging-Equipment-Market
About Us :
Research Report Insights ( RRI ) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm .
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports , syndicated research reports , and consulting services which are personalised in nature .
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients ; this combines current market intelligence , technology inputs , statistical anecdotes ,
valuable growth insights , 360-degree view of the competitive framework , and anticipated market trends .
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS , GCC , and ASEAN .
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas , Chemicals , Materials , Energy , Technology , Automotive , and Retail .
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful , in-depth , and actionable research .
Contact Us :
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street ,
Portcarling P0B 1J0 ,
Muskoka , Ontario
T : +1-631-721-4201
Email : sales @ researchreportinsights.com
Web Site : http : //www.researchreportinsights.com
' A good hurler would n't have said that about anyone ' 17 April 2017
Armagh 's Cahal Carvill Armagh 's Cahal Carvill
It seems a recent comment made by Armagh forward Cathal Carvill was the motivation behind Antrim 's facile Ulster SHC final victory .
The Saffrons lifted the Liam Harvey Cup for the 16th year in-a-row at Owenbeg yesterday following a 5-22 to 1-12 drubbing of Armagh and afterwards their hat-trick hero Conor Johnston took aim at Carvill , who had suggested beforehand that they had got the better of Johnston 's brother Ciaran when the sides met in the Allianz League at the Athletic Grounds a few weeks ago .
`` We played against them earlier on in the year and I came up against my old foe Ciaran Johnston and I think I got the better of them that day and , you know , I look forward to going into battle with them again , '' Carvill said last week .
`` You want to test yourself against the best and Antrim are the kingpins at the minute , but we feel we 've enough to take them off their perch . ''
Conor Johnston hit back by telling the Belfast Telegraph : `` It was hard , but once we saw what Cathal Carvill said in the paper , that really did spur us on . We were going out all guns blazing to win that . It was n't important until they brought that into the paper .
`` It was more about giving them a lesson , what they deserved , because they did n't show much respect . A good hurler would n't have said that about anyone . ''
Calbayog City , Samar : A retired Army captain was shot dead in broad daylight in front of a Pawnshop along Rosales Boulevard here at about 11 a.m. on Monday . Police identified the victim as retired Capt . Joseph Daz Refugia of Tarabucan District , some 30 kilometers away from the city proper . They were on board a Toyota Innova when shot by a lone gunman riding a motorcycle . Jomeryl Refugia Mahilum , victim 's daughter , told The Manila Times that they have no idea why their father was killed . “ My father is good man and that they have no known enemy in our place , ” they said . City police are conducting investigation on the killing , as three separate killings were also reported here last week .
Winning the ‘ Most Innovative New Aftermarket Product ( Accessories ) ' , at the 2017 Expo in Melbourne proves that when you buy a Hayman Reese towbar , you just ca n't go wrong .
The award was won for the Hayman Reese Hitch Step arguably one of the best engineered towbar products in the market . Proud owners of the Hayman Reese Hitch Step already knew they had the best towbar money can buy but now they know for sure that there truly is non-better than the Hayman Reese Hitch Step towbar .
Owners of SUV and 4WD vehicles often found it difficult to reach the roof or inside of the large ute trays . This problem was solved by installing the Hayman Reese Hitch Step .
The Hayman Reese towbars are amongst the only towbars to be exclusively designed and engineered in Australia for Australian Vehicles .
All Hayman Reese towbars come with Lifetime warranty , Tow ball and rated D shackles , patented Metal Shield™ – with the unique two-stage surface protection , vehicle specific plug-and-play trailer wiring – SmartClick™ which has been specifically designed for each vehicle and tested under static and dynamic conditions .
Additionally , every Hayman Reese towbars is fully compliant with Australian Design Rules and exceeds AS 4177 specifications .
The different towbars include :
1 . Light Duty Towbars ( Class 2 ) – with a bolt-on tongue that attaches to the cross-member using two bolts . These towbars are typically rated up to 1200 kg and is a well-engineered solution for light towing and mounting bike racks .
2 . Medium Duty Towbars ( Class 3 ) – typically rated up to 1600 kg and feature a 40 mm x 40 mm square hitch receiver with a removable Trailer Ball Mount . When you are not towing , simply remove the retaining clip and hitch pin and the Trailer Ball Mount slides straight out .
3 . Heavy Duty Towbars ( Class 4 ) – has the 50 x 50 mm square hitch receiver and is typically rated to the vehicle 's maximum towing capacity . Hayman Reese heavy-duty towbars are a must-have for towing caravans , boats , horse floats , Whispbar Roof Racks or even the professional tradesman .
4 . Hitch Lamp Protector ( HLP ) Towbars – This is a lamp and body protector combined with the famous heavy duty Hitch Receiver Towbar . It is designed to provide rear body and lamp protection for those commercial vehicles Whispbar Roof Rack Accessories that need to tow heavy trailers . The TBM can be removed when not in use .
Along with these , there is also the Hayman Reese towbar Hitch Step !
The Hayman Reese towbar and Whispbar Roof Racks Sydney Hitch Step is easy to install and light-weight . In fact , it can be installed without removing the tow ball and , can be left in place even whilst driving or towing . Most importantly , the Hayman Reese Hitch Step provides a safe step platform for the user .
The Hayman Reese towbar Hitch Step is made from high grade aluminium body and includes a machined non-slip tread . The unique engineering design ensures that the raised upper lip works in tandem with the tread and prevents slippage . The all aluminium construction keeps it light-weight and corrosion resistant . And this is not all ; the Hayman Reese Hitch Step retails for just $ 89.95 making it unbeatable in terms of quality and pricing .
It takes just three simple steps to assemble your the Hayman Reese Hitch Steps onto the towbar 's tow ball mount .
DUBAI : Dental hygiene is causing controversy online due to a Czech company 's new product — a twig from a salvadora persica tree plugged as a “ toothbrush and toothpaste in one , ” or as people from the Eastern hemisphere call it , Miswak .
Miswak twigs have been used to clean teeth in the Arab world , the Indian subcontinent and parts of Africa and Central and Southwest Asia for thousands of years , according to NDTV .
The bark contains an antibiotic which curbs the growth of bacteria and the formation of plaque , something which its Czech champions are using to advertise the product .
Czech company Yoni recently posted an advert to YouTube marketing their brand-new product with no mention of its Eastern roots .
Now , Internet users are taking the company to task , not least because the Yoni sticks are being sold for $ 5 when each stick is typically sold for well under $ 1 in the Arab world and across the Indian subcontinent .
`` They are a thousand years late in their `` discovery '' We 've been using MISWAK since forever , '' one Twitter user wrote .
They are a thousand years late in their `` discovery '' We 've been using MISWAK since forever . # NotaRawToothbrush https : //t.co/ET7OyasOtA — Saeed Abduh Malizani ( @ saeedmalizani ) April 12 , 2017
Really ? You 're going to take # Miswak , take a few edgy photos with some YT hipsters and try re-brand it the # rawtoothbrush . No . Just No . — Kamil_Kamikazi ( @ TheKamikazi ) April 12 , 2017
`` Really ? You 're going to take # Miswak , take a few edgy photos with some YT hipsters and try re-brand it the # rawtoothbrush . No . Just No , '' another user posted . `` I 've used it as a kid , you will get at a fraction of the price in India , '' a user posted on Facebook .
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
DUBAI - Yemen 's Huthis suffered a major setback with the killing of their political chief in a Saudi-led air strike , analysts say , in a signal of Riyadh 's determination to pursue its military campaign against the rebels .
Saleh al-Sammad , the head of the Iran-backed Huthis ' main political body , died on Thursday in a strike in Yemen 's western province of Hodeida .
They were the most senior Huthi official killed since a Saudi-led coalition launched its intervention against the Shiite insurgents in March 2015 , after they seized control of large parts of Yemen including the capital Sanaa .
Analysts say that despite renewed efforts to find a negotiated solution to the conflict , the latest strike shows not just Riyadh 's willingness to continue on the military path , but the coalition 's increasing effectiveness .
`` There is no other option at this stage , '' says Mustafa Alani , an analyst at the Gulf Research Centre . `` The Huthis are not flexible on the political settlement and -- people are not noticing -- there is real progress on the ground for the coalition . ''
While not often in the spotlight , Sammad was no minor figure . As head of the Huthis ' Supreme Political Council , they were in effect the president of the vast areas of Yemen under rebel control .
`` This is certainly a key setback , '' says Adam Baron of the European Council on Foreign Relations . `` With regards to targeting Huthi leaders , it represents the biggest hit for the coalition so far -- and suggests their intelligence capabilities are improving . ''
- Increasing pressure -
Sammad was killed along with six others in the strike , which the Huthis ' overall leader , Abdulmalek al-Huthi , said `` wo n't go unanswered '' .
Another Western expert , speaking on condition of anonymity , says Sammad was a `` reasonable '' person who had taken part in peace negotiations and that their death is `` a setback for prospects for productive talks '' .
Alani says the hit was part of a trend of targeted strikes by the coalition , with at least 25 field commanders also recently killed .
`` It is important , '' they say . `` Those people always have a way to protect themselves and their movements are always top secret because they know they are being targeted . So it is an achievement . ''
Much international attention has focused on the coalition 's air raids , which have been criticised for hitting civilians .
A strike on a wedding on Sunday that rebels blamed on the coalition killed at least 23 people .
But Alani says coalition forces -- who include Saudi and Emirati troops in support of pro-government fighters -- have also been making discreet progress on the ground .
`` There are not big victories but they are slowly slowly moving towards four major cities in Yemen , '' they say , including Sanaa , Saada in the Huthis ' northern heartland , the economic capital of Taez in the southwest and the Red Sea port city of Hodeida .
The Huthis in the meantime have intensified ballistic missile attacks into Saudi territory , including several intercepted attacks on Riyadh .
Alani says this is a sign of the increasing pressure on the rebels .
`` They are now in a purely defensive position on the ground . They are just trying to maintain their control and there are problems . So the easiest way is to fire missiles ... to answer to the pressure on the ground . ''
- Hope for peace talks ? -
The coalition is backing forces loyal to President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi who was forced into exile by the Huthi advance . Their hold on the country is tenuous and there have been suggestions Hadi could be forced out , but for now Riyadh and its allies seem content with their ally .
The Huthis suffered another setback last year with the collapse of their alliance with ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh , who was gunned down in December following accusations they were ready to strike a deal with Saudi Arabia .
Yemen 's civilians meanwhile continue to suffer through one of the world 's most devastating conflicts . More than 10,000 people have died since the start of the Saudi-led intervention and tens of thousands have been wounded .
Widespread shortages of food and medicine -- in a country already among the poorest -- have caused what the United Nations has described as the world 's worst humanitarian crisis .
A new UN peace envoy , Briton Martin Griffiths , vowed earlier this month to make a new push for peace , though all previous efforts at negotiations have failed miserably .
Alani said the latest developments on the ground could finally give some hope of progress .
`` He might have more chance now than their predecessors . The Huthis are feeling now they are losing the military battle .... With increasing military pressure , they will be ready to compromise politically . ''
The New Zealand dollar gained against the Australian dollar and was steady against the greenback as global risk appetite outweighed weak domestic business confidence .
The kiwi traded at 92.38 Australian cents as at 5pm in Wellington from 92.19 Australian cents as at 8am and from 92.15 cents late yesterday . It was at 69.84 US cents from 69.89 US cents as at 8am and 69.10 cents late yesterday .
See live rates for the NZ-US $ below . Click for more information : ​
The kiwi got a lift overnight when fears about political turmoil in Italy eased and held those gains in Asian trading . Markets were cheered after reports that Italy 's President Sergio Mattarella has attempted to broker a deal to form a new government .
`` What a difference 24 hours in markets can make , '' said Mark Johnson , senior trader foreign exchange at OMF in Wellington .
Advertisement
It got a lift against the Aussie after first-quarter private capital expenditure survey was weaker than expected , with only a small rise in actual business investment of 0.4 per cent versus an expected 1.0 per cent rise .
The New Zealand dollar also held its gains despite news that New Zealand business confidence got even gloomier in May .
A net 27 per cent of 354 firms surveyed in the ANZ business outlook survey expect general business conditions to deteriorate in the coming 12 months , compared to a net 23 per cent pessimists in April . Firms were also the most pessimistic they 've been about their own business since November with a net 14 per cent predicting increased activity , down from 18 per cent in April .
However , `` the market has largely taken that in its stride . It 's being looked through , '' said Johnson .
They added that the kiwi has resistance around 69.85 US cents and it may languish around these levels until there 's a new catalyst .
US jobs data overnight Friday could push it around , they said .
The kiwi traded at 59.85 euro cents from 59.86 cents and the trade-weighted index gained to 73.26 from 72.85 yesterday .
The kiwi jumped to 75.85 yen from 75.04 yen yesterday and rose to 4.4722 yuan from 4.4405 yuan . It rose to 52.50 British pence from 52.12 pence .
New Zealand 's two-year swap rate rose 1 basis point to 2.20 per cent while 10-year swaps rose one to 3.08 per cent .
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act ' - do you know who did it ?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Primary school teachers lose more than a million hours of lesson time each year toilet-training children and teaching them basic hygiene , according to new research .
A report by health and hygiene company Essity found a fifth of early years teachers spend up to 30 minutes a week cleaning up youngsters after they have been to the toilet .
It equates to more than a million hours of lost teaching time over the course of an academic year , the researchers said , and costs the education system £11 million based on teachers ' average salaries .
The report was based on interviews carried out by YouGov with more than 400 primary school teachers and 500 parents and children earlier this year .
Essity , which manufactures personal care items , found that 44 % of children avoid using the toilet at school at some point every week , while 11 % do so every day .
( Image : PA Wire/PA Images )
One in 10 primary school teachers said they have seen children not eating or drinking in a bid to avoid using school toilets , while 60 % rate pupils ' toilet hygiene as poor .
It found 4.7 million primary school children actively avoid defecating at school and a quarter of primary school teachers and pupils describe hygiene levels in schools as poor or very poor .
The risks of children not going to the toilet when they need to include dehydration , bladder infections and potential bowel and continence problems in later life , the report 's authors said .
A fifth of those questioned said no checks were made on school toilets during the day .
A further 59 % of primary school teachers believe improving toilet hygiene in schools would reduce illness among children , teachers and other staff .
( Image : Barry Batchelor / PA Wire )
Kevin Starr , managing director at Essity UK , said : “ There 's clear evidence to suggest that , by not paying enough attention to hygiene levels in primary school toilets and the hygiene behaviours of the children who use them , we risk undermining all the fantastic work that is going on elsewhere in our schools and in education in general .
“ Schools and local authorities are trying to do their best with limited budgets and resources . Spending more money is n't an option and we do n't believe it 's the answer either .
“ Our aim in highlighting these issues is to open up a dialogue with schools , parents , health experts and local authorities and work with them , using the collective expertise and experience to identify simple and easily implementable solutions to tackle the issues , with little or no cost to schools .
“ By doing this , we aim to improve health and well-being , reduce absenteeism and increase self-esteem and confidence of children in the UK . ”
Essity will be working with teachers , local authorities and health professionals through its School Hygiene Essentials Initiative to improve toilet hygiene .
It plans to pilot these measures in a number of schools to assess their impact on children 's education and well-being over a six-month period , before the schools system potentially rolls them out more widely .
Sharon White , chief executive of the School and Public Health Nurses Association , said : “ We know that an effective layout , efficient cleaning and maintenance alongside good access policies are all essential to ensure that school facilities are valued and accessed .
“ Children and young people need to be healthy to be able to learn and grow ; depriving them of basic needs such as toileting facilities should not be a big ask and a public health approach is urgently required to address these unacceptable shortfalls . ”
James Bowen , director of teachers ' trade union NAHT Edge , said : “ We are concerned about the increasing number of school leaders who are telling us that children are arriving in school unable to use the toilet independently .
“ Whilst there will always be a small number of children who have specific problems and need additional support , this appears to be a growing problem .
“ It is worrying to see the number of children who report avoiding the use of school toilets .
“ There can be lots of reasons young children are n't confident using the toilet at school , but one deterrent can certainly be the hygiene and condition of the facilities .
“ With school budgets under enormous pressure , the reality is that most are finding it increasingly difficult to repair and upgrade such essential facilities .
“ A recent NAHT survey showed that the school funding crisis has forced 63 % of schools to cut the building maintenance budget .
“ Whilst money alone is not the solution , such cuts have an impact . ”
Sam Billings ' clever boundary catch in England 's Twenty20 match against the Prime Minister 's XI has polarised the cricket world .
Billings caught James Faulkner in the deep and as their momentum was about to push them over the rope , they tossed the ball up in the air .
From outside the boundary , Billing then turned around and jumped from outside the rope , caught the ball while in the air before landing back in the field of play .
The catch would have been illegal five years ago but an update to the Laws of cricket in October 2013 meant the Englishman 's effort was within the laws .
Advertisement
Because Billings ' initial contact with the ball was inside the boundary , and they never made contact with both the ball and the outside boundary at the same time , the catch was legal .
To get the day 's top sports stories in your inbox , sign up to our newsletter here
UNITED NATIONS ( AP ) — The U.N. Mideast envoy says the latest escalation in Gaza between its Hamas rulers and Israel is a warning of `` how close to the brink of war we are every day . ''
Nikolay Mladenov told an emergency Security Council meeting on Wednesday that the international community should `` unequivocally condemn '' Hamas ' rocket and mortar attack against Israel .
But they said `` the dangerous escalation '' ca n't be divorced from two months of protests at the Gaza fence in which some 110 Palestinians were killed and large numbers injured by Israeli fire .
The Security Council remained paralyzed , unable to agree on any action .
Advertisement
U.S . Ambassador Nikki Haley , who called the meeting , said a proposed statement to condemn the Hamas attacks was blocked . The U.S. previously blocked three statements to condemn Israeli killings during the protests .
JACKSONVILLE , N.C. ( WNCT ) — Out of 20 million asthma sufferers nationwide , seven million are kids who miss dozens of days of school due to their symptoms .
The Onslow County Health Department hopes to change that .
It 's offering a new consultation service using asthma education kits .
The board of commissioners approved the asthma education kits for $ 4,000 last year .
Inside of them are common allergens that could trigger asthma ; everything from dust mites in stuffed animals , to exhaled smoke from a cigarette and roaches .
Nurses with the initiative will travel to local schools and offer private consultations with families to help them put their health back in their own hands .
“ Our main goal is to reduce asthma-related hospitalizations , reduce school missed days or work days as well as reduce the medical care costs and emergency visits , ” Mary Jane Burlaza , a public health nurse , said .
Health officials say it will also keep the cost of hospital bills down .
In Onslow County in 2014 , 137 patients were hospitalized from asthma with a cost per patient of $ 4,000 .
If you 'd like to make an appointment for the service call the health department at 910-347-2154 .
Dimethyl Ester Market by Product Type ( Type I , Type II ) by Application /End User ( Aerosol Propellant , LPG Blending , Transportation Fuel ) by Industry Analysis , Volume , Share , Growth , Challenges , Trends and Forecast 2017–2025 .
This report studies the Dimethyl Ester Market status and outlook of global and major regions , from angles of manufacturers , regions , product types and end industries ; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions , and splits the Dimethyl Ester Market by product type and applications/end industries .
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Dimethyl Ester ( excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer , distributor , wholesaler or traders ) . The percentage splits , Market shares , and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price . The regional splits of the overall Dimethyl Ester Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country .
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/dimethyl-ester-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources . The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry , including the government policy , Market environment , competitive landscape , historical data , present trends in the Market , technological innovation , upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry , and Market risks , opportunities , Market barriers and challenges .
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research . Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers ; whereas , primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff , directors , CEOs and Marketing executives . The percentage splits , Market shares , growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources .
Dimethyl Ester Market : Product Type
• Type I
• Type II
Dimethyl Ester Market : End User / Application
• Aerosol Propellant
• LPG Blending
• Transportation Fuel
Access Full Report @ https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/dimethyl-ester-market-report/
Contact Info :
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox @ profsharemarketresearch.com
Description :
Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation industry , standing on the readers ' perspective , delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights . No matter the client is industry insider , potential entrant or investor , the report will provides useful data and information . Key questions answered by this report include :
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation 2013-2017 , and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation worldwide , with company and product introduction , position in the Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation market
Market status and development trend of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation , and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3022784-rooftop-solar-photovoltaic-installation-global-market-status-and
The report segments the global Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation market as :
Global Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Market : Regional Segment Analysis ( Regional Production Volume , Consumption Volume , Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023 ) :
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Market : Type Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume , Average Price , Revenue , Market Share and Trend 2013-2023 ) :
By Technology
Thin Film
Crystalline Silicon
Global Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Market : Application Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023 ; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis )
Residential
Non-residential
Global Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Market : Manufacturers Segment Analysis ( Company and Product introduction , Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Sales Volume , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ) :
Suntech Power Holding
Sun Power Corporation
First Solar
Yingli Green Energy Holding
Canadian Solar
Schott Solar
Sharp Corporation
Solar World
Jinko Solar Holding Company
Trina Solar
Kaneka Corporation
Kyocera Corporation
Panasonic Corporation
Renesola
BP Solar International
Bloo Sola
3GSolar Photovoltaics
Complete Report Details @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3022784-rooftop-solar-photovoltaic-installation-global-market-status-and
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation
1.1 Definition of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation
1.2.1 By Technology
1.2.2 Thin Film
1.2.3 Crystalline Silicon
1.3 Downstream Application of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation
1.3.1 Residential
1.3.2 Non-residential
1.4 Development History of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Types
3.2 Production Value of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger , Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Suntech Power Holding
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Product
7.1.3 Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Suntech Power Holding
7.2 Sun Power Corporation
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Product
7.2.3 Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Sun Power Corporation
7.3 First Solar
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Product
7.3.3 Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of First Solar
7.4 Yingli Green Energy Holding
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Product
7.4.3 Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Yingli Green Energy Holding
7.5 Canadian Solar
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Product
7.5.3 Rooftop Solar Photovoltaic Installation Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Canadian Solar
Continued…… .
CONTACT US :
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales @ wiseguyreports.com
http : //www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph : +1-646-845-9349 ( US )
Ph : +44 208 133 9349 ( UK )
It was easy enough to understand Antonio Conte 's somewhat world weary reluctance to get into the circumstances of the mishap that ruled goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois out of Sunday 's defeat at Manchester United on Sunday .
The fact that their injury appears to have been sustained while playing basketball as part of a club promo for the NBA seems a little comical but , as the Italian knows at this stage , commercial activities give rather more than they taketh away .
If the reports since Sunday are correct then Conte might actually have gotten off lightly for both of their goalkeepers were involved in the session which was intended to promote basketball in England as , it seems , part of a reciprocal deal under which the London club is helped to achieve a higher profile in the United States . The arrangement has been in place for several years .
The sense of urgency around Stamford Bridge about cracking America might have been heightened by the last round of financial results for Europe 's biggest clubs with Chelsea holding on to sixth place but losing ground to some of its leading rivals , most obviously Manchester United , who regained top spot after a year in which their commercial revenues soared .
More than half ( 53 per cent ) of United 's €689 million in income last year came through commercial activities compared to just 36 per cent at Chelsea where a much smaller capacity also limits matchday revenues and so leaves the club disproportionately dependent on money from broadcast rights which , of course , everyone gets .
The club is , after several false starts , addressing the matchday issue by building a bigger stadium while a radical overhaul of its biggest sponsorship deals has been in progress for a couple of years .
Thibaut Courtois missed the clash against Manchester United after injuring themselves while filming a commercial . Photo : Mike Hewitt/Getty Images
Yokohama Tyres has taken over as shirt sponsors in a five year deal worth just over €47 million a year and another key element will be put in place during the summer when Nike replaces Adidas as the club 's kit manufacturer , doubling the value of the deal in the process from some €35 million per annum to twice that – a little more than €1 billion over the course of the 15 year deal . Although Chelsea has reportedly had to pay the German firm nearly €50 million to end their association early .
Even those deals fall short of United 's with the Old Trafford club taking in a reported €62.5 million each year from Chevrolet and €88 million from Adidas who , it is worth nothing , pay significantly more again ( €125 million ) to Real Madrid each year .
Liverpool , Arsenal , Manchester City and Spurs also reap considerable benefits from similar deals with what might be considered blue chip firms with values , it seems , continuing to rise .
Where United leave everyone else behind is in the number of deals they do , with 27 firms listed as global partners ( there are mattress and pillow partners , noodle partners , wine partners and lubricant partners to name just a few ) .
There are so many , in fact , that the club now employs an army of ex-players as ambassadors – who can reportedly earn low to mid range six figure sums annually as long as they retain an ability to hold up a shirt and stay on message about both the club and the sponsoring company , because current players simply can not be required to do all the promotional appearances required .
Manchester United take in €62.5 million a year from their deal with Chevrolet . Photo : AMA/Corbis via Getty Images
Others clearly struggle by comparison and the growing reliance on the gambling industry for revenue suggests a reluctance by mainstream brands to be closely identified with any but the very biggest teams given the cost involved .
Half of the Premier League 's 20 clubs have the names of bookmakers or related businesses on their shirts this season with several of the firms involved seeing the association as a way of growing businesses not so much in the UK but as in areas of Asia , Africa or other parts of the world .
Those 10 deals have a combined value of around €40 million – a fraction of the estimated €265 million value of the 20 – and so clearly the motor or tyre manufacturers , insurance companies and airlines will reach deeper into their pockets when they want to . West Ham and Sunderland are some sort of exceptions , earning around €7 million each per season out of their gambling related deals .
As an industry , though , the betting companies look to be getting a real bargain with online betting on football in Britain alone said to be worth €450 million . The global figure , meanwhile , is put at anything up to €700 billion ; a significant portion of it relating to top flight English football .
SportPesa are an example of the Premier League appealing to remote markets with the three year-old Kenyan firm paying Hull City around €3.5 million per year to have their names on the club 's shirts , despite the fact that they have almost no presence at all in the English market . They also have regional deals with Southampton and Arsenal .
When Hull played Stoke on Saturday , both teams ' shirts were sponsored by betting firms . Photo : Carl Recine/Reuters
Back at home they are title sponsors of the Kenyan league and the company is reported to attract one million users a day plus another 300,000 who visit the site for the lottery it is licensed to run .
But the Kenyan press report that it enjoys huge spikes in business while English games are in progress and the firm , like so many others , benefits from the number of punters who bet impulsively on games in progress , a scenario in which having your name on screen tends to generate an immediate return .
On their website , there is much talk but little hard evidence of Sportpesa 's “ integrity ” , “ transparency ” and “ social responsibility ” although the company 's owners , a mix of Kenyan and Bulgarian business people many of whom had , it seems , previous experience of running failed lotteries in their respective countries , declined to discuss revenues when asked about them by the local media . We can only assume that the people running Premier League clubs would , as in all of their other instances , have done a proper due diligence before taking their money .
To be fair , every single Premier League outfit has commercial links to at least one betting firm , although the nature of those companies varies widely . William Hill , which continues to have a major high street presence in England , re-entered the club market last year by signing deals with Chelsea , Tottenham and Everton while Manchester United lists , amongst so many others , a firm called Donaco as its Official Casino Partner in , amongst so many other places , Myanmar .
It is open to debate whether a club having an association with a firm whose fixed odds machines in shops have been shown to impact disproportionately on Britain 's poorest areas or one overseas whose casinos contribute to altogether more dramatic social problems is worse . That both create employment would clearly be the counterargument made by those involved .
The same might be said of those clubs that still retain links with payday lenders but can anyone really believe that ? Betting is regarded as a leisure time activity with roughly half the British population participating and while the figure for England of 0.5 per cent of people identifying themselves as “ problem gamblers ” probably underestimates the problem , it is clear that most of those who pout money on the outcome of games does so without serious issues .
Borrowing money at astronomical interest rates , on the other hand , is never fun , and Newcastle have received so much bad publicity over their deal with Wonga that both sides have made it clear it will not be renewed next summer .
Wolves , though , are still less than midway through their shirt sponsorship deal with The Money Shop , a firm that charges up to 729 per cent APR . That deal is reckoned to be worth just €460,000 a year , prompting the question asked by many of their own fans : Did they really have to do it ?
Sunderland , meanwhile , whose shirt sponsor is Filipino firm Dafabet ( they also sponsor Burnley , Celtic and Blackburn Rovers ) have ties to Satsuma Loans – a trading name of Provident Personal Credit which also operates in Ireland .
On the Sunderland website you can link to the club 's charitable foundation , which , like the one at Newcastle and many other clubs , clearly does hugely valuable work in the areas of education , health and personal development , much though not all of it with kids and young people .
You can check out Satsuma who , like SportPesa , talk a lot about how socially responsible they are before providing an example of their loans that carries an APR of 991 per cent ( borrowing €400 over six months and you would repay €746.40 ) and stating that their maximum rate is 1,575 per cent .
Obviously Sunderland need the money more than Chelsea or Manchester United and whatever they are getting clearly has n't been enough to save them this season . But really , can deals like these really have any part to play in a club “ connecting ” its community ?
In the overwhelming aftermath of both praise and partisan attacks on President Trump and their State of the Union address , Trump 's mention of prison reform in the speech seemed like more of an afterthought . The mention itself was rather short , with little more than a few sentences devoted to the topic :
“ As America regains its strength , this opportunity must be extended to all citizens . That is why this year we will embark on reforming our prisons to help former inmates who have served their time get a second chance , ” Trump told Congress members and guests .
While most State of the Union addresses are filled with lofty rhetoric that all too often fails to deliver , Trump 's proposal , in its brevity , appears to focus on helping ex-cons obtain work opportunities once they leave prison .
Unfortunately , this will do nothing to change the fact that America incarcerates far more prisoners , both on a total number and per capita basis , than any other nation in the world :
By every measure the U.S. leads the world in prisoners , with 2.2 million people in jail and more than 4.8 million on parole . No nation tops that – not China with 1.7 million , not Russia with 670,000 . We not only have the highest number of prisoners , we have the highest percentage of people in prison or jail . In the U.S. , 702 of every 100,000 people were in prison or jail in 2013 . Cuba has 510 per 100,000 people in prison , Russia has 467 , and Iran has 290 .
The exponential increase in prisoners is n't due solely to population growth in the US – it is due to the war on drugs . As the above chart details , as the war on drugs expanded in the 80s , so did the US prison population . As Drug War Facts articulates , the number and percentage of prisoners in US prisons is staggering :
Federal Prisons :
“ Forty-seven percent ( 81,900 ) of sentenced federal prisoners on September 30 , 2016 ( the most recent date for which federal offense data are available ) were serving time for a drug offense ( table 14 ; table 15 ) . State Prisons :
“ Among sentenced prisoners under the jurisdiction of state correctional authorities on December 31 , 2015 , 15 % ( 197,200 prisoners ) had been convicted of a drug offense as their most serious crime. ” The US Dept . of Justice 's Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that at yearend 2015 , 1,298,159 people were serving sentences in state prisons in the US , of whom 197,200 ( 15.2 % of the total ) had as their most serious offence a drug charge : 44,700 for drug possession ( 3.4 % of the total ) , and 152,500 for “ other ” drug offenses , including manufacturing and sale ( 11.7 % of the total ) .
This data brings us to Free Market Shooter 's prison reform strategy :
The easiest way to reform prisons and markedly reduce the population of prisoners locked up in the US is to end the war on drugs , or at the very least , reduce the scope of enforcing the war on drugs .
While I am a proponent of “ full decriminalization ” of all federally controlled substances , I understand that this is outside the Overton Window and not politically feasible in this country . So I would propose a simpler solution – decriminalization of smaller amounts of drugs that do not constitute trafficking , manufacture or delivery of illegal drugs . If “ harder ” drugs such as cocaine or heroin can not be included in this decriminalization , I would gladly accept marijuana and other less harmful drugs . ( Note : The author does not use any drugs , legal or illegal , with the exception of infrequent alcohol consumption )
If you look at the data , it appears that this is not going to make much of a dent in the number of incarcerated individuals . However , it would be a meaningful “ first step ” towards ending the war on drugs , and ensuring that only the worst criminals are punished .
However , we should all hold our expectations low if this is what we are expecting of Trump 's proposed prison reform . Not only was it not mentioned at all in their speech , but it appears that Jeff Sessions is “ on board ” with Trump 's prison reform strategy :
The general counsel of Koch Industries reportedly said Attorney General Jeff Sessions “ is totally on board ” with the Trump administration 's plans to reform America 's prison system . “ I had a good discussion with them in a meeting at the White House a couple of weeks ago , ” Mark Holden told CNN on Saturday . “ He believes in second chances . … So we 're going to meet people where they are . And hopefully we can get more success in this area when we show some success with prison reform . ”
Lest you forget , this author has exposed Sessions ' naivete on marijuana :
And , in case you were n't aware , this is the same Jeff Sessions who is on the record as being not only against medicinal marijuana , it is the same Jeff Sessions that has stated that marijuana is only slightly less awful than heroin : And I am astonished to hear people suggest that we can solve our heroin crisis by legalizing marijuana – so people can trade one life-wrecking dependency for another that 's only slightly less awful .
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Grass & Lawn Seed Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included Hancock Seed , Pennington Seed , The Scotts Company , Barenbrug Group , Turf Merchants , Green Velvet Sod Farms , Green Velvet Sod Farms , Jonathan Green , Pickseed , PGG wrightson Turf , Nature 's Seed , Allied Seed , Newsom Seed .
The Grass & Lawn Seed Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Grass & Lawn Seed industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grass-lawn-seed-market/10148/ # requestforsample
The Grass & Lawn Seed Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Grass & Lawn Seed Market Products Type Segmentation : Bluegrass Seed , Ryegrass Seed , Fescue Grass Seed , Bahia Grass Seed , Bermudagrass Seed , Buffalograss Seed .
Grass & Lawn Seed Market Applications Segmentation : Landscape Turf , Golf Turf , Gardens , Others .
Key Highlights of the Grass & Lawn Seed Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grass-lawn-seed-market/10148/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Grass & Lawn Seed market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news , analyze , spot risks and opportunities .
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT .
Son of Equatorial Guinea 's president on trial in France
hello
FILE - In this Thursday , Nov. 3 , 2016 file picture , two Ferrari sports cars are being towed off the freight zone by the police at Geneva Airport , in Geneva , Switzerland . Geneva authorities have confiscated 11 luxury vehicles and sports cars Monday , belonging to Teodorin Obiang Nguema , the son of Equatorial Guinea 's president , as part of a preliminary investigation into alleged corruption . The son of Equatorial Guinea 's president is going on trial in France for corruption , money laundering and embezzlement after a years-long investigation . ( Laurent Gillieron/Keystone via AP , File ) Associated Press
FILE - In this Wednesday , Sept. 30 , 2015 , Teodoro Nguema Obiang Mangue , Vice-President of Equatorial Guinea , speaks during the 70th session of the United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters . The son of Equatorial Guinea 's president is going on trial in France for corruption , money laundering and embezzlement after a years-long investigation . Associated Press
FILE - In this Thursday , Nov. 3 , 2016 file picture , two Ferrari sports cars are being towed off the freight zone by the police at Geneva Airport , in Geneva , Switzerland . Geneva authorities have confiscated 11 luxury vehicles and sports cars Monday , belonging to Teodorin Obiang Nguema , the son of Equatorial Guinea 's president as part of a preliminary investigation into alleged corruption . The son of Equatorial Guinea 's president is going on trial in France for corruption , money laundering and embezzlement after a years-long investigation . ( Laurent Gillieron/Keystone via AP , File ) Associated Press
PARIS -- The son of Equatorial Guinea 's president is going on trial in France accused of buying real estate , sports cars and other luxury goods with public funds from their country .
Teodoro Nguema Obiang Mangue , who is also Equatorial Guinea 's second vice president , faces up to 10 years in prison if found guilty of corruption , money laundering and embezzlement after a years-long investigation .
Obiang 's lawyer , Emmanuel Marsigny , said they will ask for a delay in proceedings when the hearing starts Monday , arguing that their client - who is not expected to attend the trial - did not get enough time to prepare their defense . It is unclear whether Obiang is in France .
The International Court of Justice , the United Nations ' highest court , refused to order France to halt the prosecution last month after Equatorial Guinea argued that Obiang had immunity .
Obiang 's trial came after two non-governmental organizations targeting corruption and an association of Congolese citizens living abroad launched a lawsuit in France nearly 10 years ago . Known in France as the case of the `` ill-gotten gains , '' the complaint accused several African heads of state , including the late Gabon president Omar Bongo , of embezzling state funds during or after their tenure to buy properties in France .
According to court documents , Obiang used to book hotel rooms in luxury Parisian palaces during their stays in France and later bought a mansion located on one of the most sought-after avenues in the French capital . They also bought about 15 cars in France for 5.7 million euros ( currently $ 6 million ) and once splashed nearly 20 million euros at an arts auction .
The case has put a spotlight on the lavish lifestyle of Obiang , whose father is Africa 's longest-serving president . Equatorial Guinea is rich in oil and gas , but most of the country 's population still lives in poverty .
The same can not be said for the ruling elite . In 2011 , French authorities seized assets from Obiang 's Paris mansion including Ferrari and Bugatti Veyron sports cars , expensive works of art and luxury suits and shoes .
The International Court of Justice , however , ruled that France must treat the mansion as Equatorial Guinea 's diplomatic mission . French authorities have searched the building in the past as part of their money laundering investigation .
The French case is not the first time Obiang 's opulent way of life has come under scrutiny . In 2014 , they reached a deal with U.S. authorities to sell a Malibu mansion , a Ferrari and Michael Jackson memorabilia to raise more than $ 30 million . The U.S. had in 2011 filed claims against Obiang 's U.S.-based assets worth more than $ 70 million , alleging they were the proceeds of corruption . Swiss authorities have also begun a preliminary investigation into Obiang .
By Gabrielle Stuart
Paul Askin has spent many years fearing terrible news about their son Steve .
On Tuesday , that moment came when police arrived to tell them Steve had been killed in a helicopter crash , while they were fighting the Port Hills fires , the Christchurch Star reports .
The cause of the crash , which happened near Sugar Loaf , is being investigated by police , the Civil Aviation Authority , and the Transport Accident Investigation Commission .
Steve , 37 , died leaving their wife , Elizabeth , and two children , aged seven and four .
They were a military hero , awarded a NZ Gallantry Star for their bravery while fighting for the SAS in Afghanistan in 2014 .
They had their ear shot off while rescuing hotel guests during a five-hour shootout against the Taliban .
Paul said Steve was the kind of person it was easy to be proud of .
`` I always thought if I was a hostage being held somewhere like that , I would want boys like them coming to my rescue . Somebody 's kid has got to do it , '' Paul said .
They said Steve always wanted to do something worthwhile with their life .
Continued below .
Related Content Road rage driver 's lawyer pleads for leniency as they has 'already been punished ' on Twitter Your views : Readers letters ' Editorial : Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish
Their last conversation with their son was on Monday night , as they chatted while Steve cooked the family 's dinner .
Midway through Steve got the call about the fire , warning they could be called up to fight it .
They were an experienced pilot for Way To Go Heliservices , but usually did agricultural work .
Paul said Steve was excited about being able to help , and left soon after the call to make sure the helicopters were ready to go .
`` He loved fighting fires , it was the best part of flying , for him , '' Paul said .
The next morning , Paul heard them leave at dawn .
Steve called their wife from the helicopter later that day .
When Paul got home later that afternoon , they said they heard there had been a helicopter crash .
They called the hanger , and was told it was one of their choppers .
`` I thought , if the cops turn up , that will be him . ''
A police car arrived soon afterward , and they said they knew their son was dead the minute they saw it .
They said Steve was courageous , generous , a great story teller , an adventurer , a mischief-maker , and had the cheekiest smile .
Steve spent almost all their free time with their family , and was very close to their brothers and two sisters .
Steve met their wife , Elizabeth , through family friends , and they went on their first date up in a helicopter around Banks Peninsula .
`` I think Steve tried to scare her , but they were not easily scared , '' Paul said .
The family gathered yesterday , and they said there had been many stories shared .
Steve 's brother in law shared the last conversation they had , where Steve advised them to live more frugally and spend more time with their family .
`` He inspired people to do great things - although some things were also pretty stupid , '' Paul said .
Steve left the army two years ago to spend more time with their family , and Paul said they missed the sense of adventure and close relationships they had in the army .
`` But Steve found there was a kind of success and thrill in seeing your kids grow and blossom , and they took a lot of satisfaction from that , '' they said .
They said the whole family were still struggling to come to terms with what had happened .
`` We 've got a hell of a mountain to climb , but the only way up is together , '' they said .
`` The best tribute we can pay to Steve is to love their kids and their wife . ''
By Gabrielle Stuart , Christchurch Star
- NZ Herald
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. ( AP ) — Officials at the nation 's only underground nuclear waste repository will be flipping the switch on an interim ventilation system this week , allowing mining to resume for the first time since a 2014 radiation release contaminated part of the facility .
Still , they caution it will be a few years before the flow of air is enough to meet the pace of operations before the leak .
Bruce Covert , president of the contractor that runs the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant , said testing was done and the U.S. Energy Department approved starting up the ventilation system .
They called it a big step for the facility , which disposes of waste from decades of bomb-making and nuclear research .
Advertisement
Officials are planning for a permanent system that 's expected to cost a quarter-billion dollars and take until 2021 to complete .
IT all began in 2014 alongside the boom in usage and sophistication of mobile devices . The ‘ cellphone ' as we called them then , were starting to have excellent picture and motion recording capabilities and just like everything else good in this life , it did n't take long for some misguided soul or criminal mind to use it for nefarious purposes . Expecting such a thing , a bill prohibiting the use of cellular mobile phones in banks was filed in Congress with the intent to prevent the use of such devices for being instruments in the commission of a crime which obviously , for this proposed law , involved robberies and holdups .
The proposed bill did n't see the light of day but thanks to the efforts of the Republic of Makati , an ordinance was enacted in its place with the same purpose in mind . You ca n't use your cellular mobile phones for whatever purpose while inside any bank except if you are a doctor , a member of a law enforcement agency or any entity that needs to provide emergency services . This eventually caught on with the other cities and municipalities and is now standard fare with any bank . If any of the security guards sees you fidgeting with your phone , they will ask you to turn it off or put it away . There were times when I was even asked to turn off my iPod despite pleading that it is not a cellphone and I was just trying to pass away the time because the queue was so long !
I guess they kind of envisioned that criminals would at least need to exert more effort to ‘ case the establishment ' if they did not have these gadgets to help them . Someone would have to memorize where the closed-circuit cameras are placed , when the vault is opened , where the tellers and the managers are located along with the other details necessary to pull off a successful bank heist . Increase the difficulty level , so to speak . But there is just one question : Have n't bank robberies been successfully perpetrated even before the advent of mobile devices ? There was , and is still is the good old reliable pen and paper that you can jot down notes on ( unless they ban you from writing ) and of course who can beat a person who just really has a good memory .
As I was mulling over this , several other amusing regulations that have been proposed or enacted come to mind and I thought we all could be a good sport and indulge in some of them .
Remember the banning of hammer or mallets in malls as an aftermath of a jewelry store robbery where these seemingly harmless tools of the carpenter or construction worker were used ? I remember thinking and following the same logic that could use that same tool to assassinate someone . Nothing like a straight-up bloody blunt force trauma to the head of a corrupt politician or official who is doing their or their regular shopping spree using taxpayer 's money or that good-for-nothing purveyor of fake news social media personality scum . I could also , if I feel like it – depending on my mood , the alignment of the planets and what 's playing on my iPod—would want to cause mischief to the grocery=shopping public and probably smash a couple of watermelons in the fruit section . “ Hala ! Wala na kayong malamig na pakwan for dessert ! Mainit pa naman ang panahon , sarap nun . Now that would be a disaster indeed .
I also , wonder if there are statistics that would prove the ordinance that prevents two men riding together reduces the amount of motorcycle-driven crimes . I could be wrong , but I could also be a regular card-carrying member of the LGBT community and just honest to goodness want to ride in the security and comfort of my macho Papa Labs . Right now , only parents with children and straight couples are allowed to ride in together . Diskriminasyon ! I could however , opt for a wig , makeup and dress in drag – I guess that 's a consolation . Hmm .
So , today after four years since that ordinance to which mobile technology have probably already increased a hundred-fold from the ‘ cellphones , ' does anybody think or feel that this ordinance is dated , irrelevant , and just outright useless ?
Mobile devices are now more than just a communication tool , a camera , a music or gaming platform . In this day and age , it is as ubiquitous as your wallet . You have your notes there , your credentials , all of the information necessary to go through the daily hustle and bustle of life . In fact , you can even use your phone in the bank when filling out forms – if they hassle you about it you can always snap back and say “ the account number is in here ” and lo and behold , they would let you .
As for recording the bank 's physical and operational details , everybody already knows that the otherwise harmless items like pens , watches , and eyeglasses can all be fitted with miniature cameras that are virtually undetectable . One thing that is right with the ordinance though is the one which prohibits you from taking voice calls inside bank premises . It is only polite to do that outside anyways .
Even then , I thought it was a stupid rule and now even more so today .
Go away and leave me in peace . # 12 pa lang , # 28 pa ako , malapit na madurog yung Nexus .
20 things to watch in baseball this season , baseball fans will see a legend say goodbye . There will be a star swinging for a third straight MVP . There 's new instant replay rules , a former NBA star ...
Team-by-team preview of the National League NL East 1 . Nationals ODDS TO WIN WORLD SERIES : 10-1 OVER/UNDER WINS : 89 ¹/₂ KEY PLAYER : A healthy RHP Doug Fister , acquired from the Tigers over the winter , gives Washington ...
From Tulo to Bogaerts , next wave of shortstops worships Jeter There are many ways to mark Derek Jeter 's success with the Yankees . You can start with the five World Series rings . To really understand the Jeter Experience , though , you have ...
Post experts pick their World Series winners The Post 's baseball writers forecast the order of finish in every division and how the postseason will play out . There 's some Dodgers blue and some Cardinals red and one surprise ...
Playing overrated/underrated game in fantasy baseball When someone says a player is overrated , it does n't mean he 's bad — it just means they failed to meet the lofty expectations of their owner . The good thing , however , ...
Team-by-team preview of the American League AL East 1 . Rays ODDS TO WIN WORLD SERIES : 12-1 OVER/UNDER WINS : 88 ¹/₂ KEY PLAYER : Wil Myers . They won the AL Rookie of the Year with 13 homers and ...
Only one way Jeter would want to end storybook career We know the way they want to go out . They want the Elway Exit . They want the Jordan Farewell . They want the Teddy Ballgame Goodbye . That 's the only missing element ...
When Michael Stohl travels to Arhus , Denmark , next fall to teach at the Danish School of Media and Journalism , it will mark their third term as a Fulbright Scholar . Over the course of their career , the professor of communication at UC Santa Barbara has become a Fulbright veteran , having received a Senior Fulbright Fellowship to lecture at the University of Canterbury in New Zealand , and a Fulbright Fellowship for International Education Administrators in Japan and Korea .
Sponsored by the U.S. State Department 's Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs , the Fulbright Scholar Program is America 's flagship international educational exchange program . Since its inception in 1946 , the program has sponsored approximately 300,000 American and foreign scholars . Recipients are selected based on academic or professional achievement as well as demonstrated leadership potential in their fields .
During the academic year just completed , UCSB faculty members and one doctoral student received Fulbright grants to spend all or part of the year in Russia , Taiwan , Mexico and El Salvador . In addition , the campus hosted Fulbright scholars from Brazil , Canada , the Czech Republic , Poland , Russia and Germany .
According to Stohl , their Fulbright experience has been invaluable .
“ It enabled me to start thinking and doing research on alternative conceptions of national security , ” they said of their work at the University of Canterbury in 1983 .
Looking forward , the Fulbright program will offer them a unique opportunity to collaborate with a colleague in Denmark . They and journalism professor Hans Henrik Holm will teach a course titled “ Reporting Global Change ” in the university 's Erasmus Mundus-Journalism master 's program . In addition , they will work on a joint book project on the global media moment .
“ The interesting thing about this particular program is that the students come from many countries , not only European countries , but also from all over Latin America , Africa , Asia and even a few from North America , ” Stohl said . “ You have very different journalistic norms and practices on an actual professional level , plus the differences in culture and language . The student body is as diverse as I 've ever encountered in any single classroom . ”
Caitlin Fisher , professor and research chair at York University in Canada , described their Fulbright experience at UCSB as “ being akin to a sabbatical for intellectual renewal , while having the opportunity to come and connect with other labs. ” Fisher 's work here focuses on visualization and digital storytelling practices , using the campus 's state-of-the-art AlloSphere . In addition to conducting research at UCSB , Fisher holds the Canada-U.S. Fulbright Visiting Research Chair .
The Canada-U.S. Fulbright Visiting Research Chairs program enables promising and prominent Canadian scholars to conduct research , develop collaborations , guest lecture , and/or teach at select universities and research centers in the U.S. for all or part of an academic year .
The three UCSB professors who received Fulbright grants for the 2012-13 academic year include Tsuyoshi Hasegawa , professor of history , who studied at the European University at St. Petersburg ; Hsiu-Zu Ho , professor of education , who studied at Academia Sinica ; and Mary O'Connor , associate researcher in the anthropology department , who studied at the University of the Americas .
In addition , geography doctoral student Elizabeth Kennedy received a Fulbright Student Award to conduct research in El Salvador on repatriated child migrants — a population they have been studying and working with for two years in the U.S. , where they are known as Unaccompanied Alien Children .
Wolfenstein II : The New Colossus finally has a firm launch date for the Nintendo Switch . On Tuesday , Bethesda revealed that the action-adventure first-person shooter will arrive on the portable console on June 29 . It 'll be priced at $ 59.99 .
Bethesda first announced the Switch version of Wolfenstein II back in September alongside news of a Doom port which hit Nintendo 's console a couple of months later . The mature titles – alongside other ports like Payday 2 , L.A. Noire and The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim – marked a different direction for Nintendo , a company that has traditionally catered to a younger audience .
Wolfenstein II : The New Colossus launched on the Xbox One , PlayStation 4 and PC on October 27 as the eighth main entry in the Wolfenstein franchise . The first game in the series – Castle Wolfenstein – dropped way back in 1981 although odds are , your first meeting with the game came as a result of the excellent Wolfenstein 3D in 1992 .
The New Colossus won “ Best Action Game ” at The Game Awards in December , beating out Cuphead 2 , Destiny 2 , Nioh and Prey . Bethesda has since released a multi-part DLC , dubbed The Freedom Chronicles , that adds a trio of new playable characters to the mix including Joseph Stallion , Gerald Wilkins and Jessica Valiant .
Winter might end up on the warmer side for the north and west of the North Island , in a mixed-bag climate outlook just issued by Niwa .
Temperatures between now and the end of August were forecast to be either near or above average for Auckland , Northland , Waikato , Bay of Plenty , Taranaki , Whanganui , Manawatu , Wellington and the Central North Island .
But further south , across coastal Canterbury and east Otago , the winter was equally likely to be near or below average temperatures .
For everywhere else , temperatures for the next three months likely would n't be anything out of the ordinary .
Advertisement
Periodic northeasterly air flows - particularly during the first half of winter - were expected to bring mild periods to northern areas .
But when winds swung to northwesterlies and southwesterlies over the rest of the season , cooler conditions could prevail across southern and western spots .
Rainfall levels were forecast to be near or above normal in the north and east of the North Island , and east of the South Island , but normal or below normal in the west of both islands , and normal in the northern South Island .
`` Lower than normal air pressure to the west and north of New Zealand during June may bring a few heavier rain events to the north and east of the North Island and perhaps east of the South Island , '' Niwa reported .
Soil moisture levels and river flows were expected to be above normal in the north of the North Island , near normal in the east of the North Island and north and west of the South Island , and above or near normal in the west of the North Island and the east of the South Island .
The background picture was El Nino-Southern Oscillation-neutral conditions in the tropical Pacific , which could give way to an El Nino climate system by spring .
In New Zealand , El Nino typically brings cooler , wetter conditions , bringing higher rainfall to regions that are normally wet , and often drought to areas that are usually dry .
But for the short-term , a neutral pattern meant a changeable climate regime .
`` At times , southerly quarter flow patterns may deliver sharp cold snaps and snow , although these are likely to be counterbalanced by northerly and/or easterly flow patterns that could deliver some heavy rain events to the northern and eastern North Island and eastern South Island . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Big Mac has been a thing in Birmingham for 50 years now - and McDonald 's something special to commemorate it .
To mark the iconic burger 's 50th birthday , today McDonald 's has launched special bottles of the signature sauce .
The classic Big Mac was first created in February 1968 by an American McDonald 's franchisee named Jim Delligatti in Pennsylvania , USA .
Delligatti originally wanted to call the burger ‘ The Aristocrat ' , however after consideration McDonald 's chose to go with the now famous name , Big Mac .
The special ( and for a long time , secret ) sauce took Delligetti two years to perfect .
The Big Mac arrived in the UK in 1974 when the first UK restaurant opened on Woolwich High Street .
To celebrate the burger 's 50th birthday , the chain are selling bottles of the sauce on eBay so people can enjoy your favourite meal at home .
The listing includes three 500ml bottles of the special sauce and a mini fridge decorated as a Big Mac , reports the Mirror .
Any money raised from the auction will go to Ronald McDonald House Charities , a charity set up to help seriously ill children and their families .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
eBay has waived all fees on the sale which mean all the cash will go straight to the charity .
More than 50 people have already bid and the price is currently at $ 1,825AUS .
However there is some bad news , as the competition is based in Australia and the advert states they will not deliver to the UK .
Rory Best has explained their attendance at the trial of Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding last Wednesday .
Jackson , from Oakleigh Park in Belfast , and Olding , from Ardenlee Street in the city , deny raping the same woman at a house in south Belfast in June 2016 . Jackson denies a further charge of sexual assault .
In response to a question by Irish Times journalist Gerry Thornley , Best said that they were on a day off from Irish Rugby duty .
They said : “ We sign out on a Tuesday night and Wednesday is our day off so technically we do n't need permission to do stuff in our own time .
“ The reason I was there , it 's on the record I was called as a character witness , and I was advised that it is important that I got both sides of the story so I could make an informed decision about that .
“ Because it is an ongoing legal matter I will not make any further comment . ”
Previously , Best had declined to comment on their attendance at the trial .
At the start of their regular pre-match press conference following the Ireland team 's captain 's run , which took place at Stade de France on Friday , Best was asked if they could explain why they went to the trial on Wednesday .
“ No I have no comment , ” was the captain 's response .
“ Can you tell us whether you were given permission from the IRFU ? ” came the next question , to which Best replied : “ No comment ” .
The Ireland skipper was also asked for their comments on the controversy their attendance at court had prompted on social media , at which point IRFU and Irish team communications manager David O Siochain intervened , saying : “ Sorry , we 're not going to react to comments on social media . We 're here to comment on the game . Keep it game focused . ”
Share it :
Do n't Miss
Students and families tour the new 12-classroom expansion at Shaw Road Elementary in Puyallup following a ribbon-cutting ceremony Aug. 29 , 2017 . Some school districts are struggling to figure out how to implement the state Legislature 's school-funding fix . Tony Overman toverman @ theolympian.com
The Love Island villa has been given a luxurious makeover
New pictures show the gorgeous villa has been given a makeover ahead of the new series of the ITV2 show .
We are only days away from the new series of Love Island - and even the villa is ready and raring to go .
Brand new aerial pictures show the property has been given a complete makeover complete with a gym to make sure their beach bodies are kept in tip top shape .
Credit : Splash
Elsewhere , the infamous hideaway has been transformed too , just incase any of the cast are keen to have a little one on one time away from prying eyes .
Outside seating and day beds have been set up around the pool area , with sun loungers and an al-fresco bar set up for late-night drinks .
There are some features from last year 's villa that still remains the same , as there is an outside seating area where contestants can gossip in addition to day beds set up around the pool area .
Late night parties will take centre stage as an al-fresco bar has set up for drinks .
Staff have been busy for weeks setting up the new home for the singles , and have made sure to rig the set with lots of hidden cameras to capture all the action .
The news comes after the full-line-up was revealed with daughter of Eastenders star Danny Dyer set to enter the house along with a doctor and a string of models .
The National Electoral Commission Sierra Leone is denying the news that theirs was one of the first elections recorded to the blockchain . `` While the blockchain voting company Agora claimed to have run the first blockchain-based election , it appears that the company did little more than observe the voting and store some of the results , '' reports TechCrunch . From the report :
People with inflammatory bowel diseases are taking their fight to Parliament tomorrow , asking for businesses to be required by law to let sufferers use their toilets .
At their head is one brave 13-year-old girl from Lower Hutt .
Nicole Thornton was 8 when they were diagnosed with severe Crohn 's Disease , a chronic inflammation of the bowel which can cause diarrhoea , bleeding and excruciating abdominal pain .
`` I 've always had stomach cramps and needed to go to the toilet a lot ... but by then I was finding it hard to go to school . I was really sick , I was always tired and weak and my hair was falling out , and I lost weight . ''
Advertisement
READ MORE
• NZ has world 's third highest rate of inflammatory bowel disease
• Bachelor star Viarni Bright at kids camp for Crohn 's sufferers
People with IBD often need to use the toilet at short notice , or risk public embarrassment .
Thornton 's never had an accident in public but was once caught out at their own birthday party .
`` I was giving my friends a tour around our farm and suddenly thought , 'Oh my god , I need to go to the toilet . ' I was sprinting back but it was too late . ''
Knowing they could go shopping with friends and feel confident would mean `` to the moon and back '' , they said .
In January 2017 they presented a 3000-strong petition to Parliament asking for a law change so businesses must let people like IBD sufferers and those with ostomy bags use their staff toilets .
Nicole Thornton , aged 12 , presented their 3,000 strong petition to Labour MPs Trevor Mallard and Annette King last January . Photo / Mark Mitchell
Thornton will be among a group addressing the Health Select Committee at 10am in support of the petition , including Kate Montgomery , who has an ostomy bag .
READ MORE
• Kate Montgomery : Living a reverse bucket list , with Crohn 's Disease and an ileostomy
• Woman 's Crohn 's disease surgery reveals sauce packet in intestine
People living with IBD often hold an `` I ca n't wait card '' but this would give it legal weight .
`` If the law gets passed anyone can walk in , show their card , which has a quick description of the disease and why they need to go , and hopefully be let in , '' Thornton said .
`` There are over 20,000 New Zealanders living with this silent disease . For them all to feel safe , secure and knowing that they have a secret weapon they can pull out , a card saying ' I need access to toilets ' , would mean so much . ''
Thornton was inspired by Ally Bain , an Illinois 14-year-old with Crohn 's who fought for legally mandated toilet access in the US . The Restroom Access Act , known as Ally 's Law , passed in their state in 2005 . Bain wrote to Thornton offering support last year .
Crohn 's and Colitis New Zealand Charitable Trust ( CCNZ ) trustee Dr Richard Stein , a gastroenterologist at Hutt Valley DHB , called Thornton `` an amazing young woman '' .
`` She 's brave , she 's well spoken and they speak from the heart , '' they said . `` When you see someone like Nicole who 's young and has a chronic disease and has to live with it their whole life , battling the symptoms , it makes an impact . ''
Patients had told them if Thornton gets the law changed it would make a massive difference in their lives . `` It would really open the world up to them . ''
About Inflammatory bowel disease
New Zealand has one of the highest rates of inflammatory bowel disease - encompassing Crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis - in the world .
• One in 227 New Zealanders has the disease
• Onset is usually between 15 and 35
• About 20 per cent of those affected are children
• It costs the country about $ 245 million a year
Rebekah Jaung ordered tofu soup and said they were sort-of a vegetarian , but not among Koreans . `` Not when my grandmother is cooking . ''
Because they wo n't understand ?
`` Because I have n't told her . ''
I had kimchi soup with pork , which Jaung said was `` very good if you 've got any kind of head cold '' , and I thought that might be me , you never know . It was very good . We were in Northcote Centre , which has long been one of the epicentres of Korean life in Auckland .
Advertisement
Right opposite us was an art installation called The Claw , where kids turn up every afternoon and do their best to use a giant claw to grab soft toys . It 's free , and fun , and according to some people on Facebook , said Jaung , it 's ratepayers ' money wasted on rich kids .
There are no rich kids in Northcote Centre . It has a faded prettiness , the leaves falling from the trees , everything moderately scaled and shabbily neglected . It 's getting a makeover , one of these days . Right now , the roads all around are getting the makeover : wider paths for kids to bike to school , safer streets . Cones everywhere .
`` People complain on Facebook about that too , '' said Jaung . `` People complain about a lot of things on Facebook . There 's a white supremacist group . They want to send all immigrant MPs 'back to where they came from ' . '' They laughed . `` It 's called 'Immigrant Greed and Corruption ' . ''
Jaung was born in Britain and has been in New Zealand since they were six . Them father was a minister in a local church , their mother teaches pre-school .
Jaung themselves is a doctor of medicine and is now doing a PhD . She 's 30 years old and works part-time for the Public Health Service , dividing their time between refugee health and infectious diseases . Why are they standing for Parliament ?
`` I think Northcote needs a voice like mine , '' they said , and I asked , like what ?
`` One promoting Green ideas . A young woman . Also , the fact that I 'm a doctor , that helped in some of the debates . '' In the 2017 election , which they also contested , they were able to call out the sitting member , then-health minister Dr Jonathan Coleman .
They did well in 2017 . The Greens ranked their top 41 candidates and they are n't among them , but they generated a better party vote than 28 other non-MPs who were . Them candidate vote held up too .
Was that evidence of a `` Korean vote '' ? They said no . `` I do get a lot of emotional support from Koreans . They might not vote Green but they really support what I 'm doing . ''
It 's the perennial problem of the Greens : far more people want them around than vote to keep them around .
But really , why are they standing this time ? She 'll be very lucky to get even 10 per cent of the vote and does n't they risk spoiling it for Labour 's Shanan Halbert ? They said they did n't believe that . `` To start with , I do n't accept that every Green voter would vote Labour if I was n't here . There are Blue-Green voters . Me being here gives them someone to vote for . ''
Besides , they added , `` In a democracy voters should have a choice . It 's up to them to decide who to vote for . ''
Not that you would mistake Rebekah Jaung for a Blue-Green .
At a candidates ' debate with an audience from the local social services this week , they said , `` We need to talk about the causes of poverty . '' Them list included `` racism , sexism and the remnants of colonial history '' .
Later in the same meeting they said , `` It 's great we 're talking about poverty and homelessness . The media tries to frame this election as being all about congestion . Which , '' they added with a sigh , `` is not inspiring and not true . ''
Definitely not a Blue-Green .
During our lunch they said , `` When I hear them talking about how the transport plan does n't do anything for Northcote it makes me shudder . ''
The `` transport plan '' is the new $ 28 billion accord between the government and the council . `` Them '' is National candidate Dan Bidois and Act candidate Stephen Berry , who say Northcote 's transport needs are being ignored . Why do they make them shudder ?
`` Because they 're saying your own benefit is more important than the good of everyone . They reduce politics to a question of who gets the biggest slice of the pie . And that ignores so many things . People on the North Shore go into town , we catch buses there , we use all sorts of services that we benefit from . ''
They support the housing initiatives in the electorate . `` There was a house near here that burned down a while ago , and the burned-out shell just sat there for ages . It was like a symbol of how no one cared about the people who live here . ''
That 's changing now . `` The new homes are good . They 're not the tower blocks of yesteryear . These places are nice , they utilise the space well . But it worries me that affordable and market houses are being built on public land , because it privatises a public resource . And there are problems for some of the former state-house tenants too . I 've met families who are being moved away . ''
Jaung was impressed at the candlelight protest movement in South Korea in 2016 and 2017 , and its rallies against the corrupt president Park Geun-hye . They belong to a group that organises similar events here : protest rallies , film evenings , debates . `` It 's been a good way for progressive voices to discover each other and we 've had quite big numbers . ''
I could n't stop myself asking about Trump and Kim Jong-un . `` My hot take ? '' they said , and laughed . `` I 'm excited and hopeful . I do n't support Trump , of course not , but I feel I have to be hopeful . ''
And Kim Jong-un ? `` He 's smarter than the caricature . ''
I asked where their politics came from . `` When I was young I listened to a lot of punk music . I was probably , at least on the inside , a bit of a rebel at high school . '' That was Westlake Girls .
A rebel on the inside ? `` I read a lot of books with rebellious ideas . ''
George Orwell , they said , and mentioned The Road to Wigan Pier , their 1930s account of working-class poverty and their own critical engagement with socialism . It led them to the Green Party .
Definitely , definitely not a Blue-Green .
She 's soft spoken and not afraid to remain so . At a debate in Beach Haven on Monday night , heckling was encouraged and party loyalists of all types rowdily obliged . I told them I was struck that many of the abusive hecklers were older white men .
`` Were you surprised ? Why ? ''
Jaung 's opponents from National , Labour and Act all oozed boyish confidence . They were the only non-shouty one .
`` I 'm conscious of being part of a politics that I want , '' they said . `` Quietly debating ideas . ''
Quietly debating ? Was n't that , well , boring ?
`` Okay . It does n't have to be quiet . But debate and ideas . I think shoutiness turns young people off . I believe in a different kind of leadership . ''
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Titanium Dioxide Market :
Industry Overview :
Global Titanium Dioxide is expected to witness a significant growth of USD 44.954 billion by 2023 with CAGR of 14.28 % between 2016 and 2023 .
Global Titanium Dioxide one of the whitest material on the earth is a naturally occurring oxide of titanium in three forms anatase , rutile and brookite . It has the highest refractive index of all material till found by man including the diamond . Titanium dioxide are used in paints , coatings , plastics , paper , cosmetics , pharmaceuticals , foods and various other applications .
Global Titanium Dioxide does not form in a usable condition in nature . It must be cautiously mined in one of its pure forms , such as rutile , anatase beach sand , and refined into a fine even element size . Increasing in demands of automobile , construction industry and applications of pigments in various industries is likely to drive the global titanium dioxide market growth . On the other hand Environmental regulations such as carcinogenic properties and volatile prices of raw materials are the key factors which can restrain the global titanium dioxide market growth in forecasted period .
Get Sample Copy of This Report Now @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1081
Industry Segmentation :
The global titanium dioxide market is majorly segmented on the basis of application , end users and region . Based on application of titanium dioxide the market is segmented into paints , coatings , plastics , photo-electrode , pigment , paper , cosmetics , food additives , and others . Based on end user the market segmented into automotive , personal care , pharmaceutical , food & beverages , construction industry , and others and based on region market is segmented into North America , Europe , APAC , Latin America , Middle East & Africa .
Industry Application :
Data integration and capabilities are analysed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations . Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of titanium dioxide market . Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models .
Geographically , the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America , Middle East & Africa , Asia Pacific , Europe and Latin America . The production , consumption , revenue , shares in mill UDS , growth rate of titanium dioxide market during the forecast period of 2016 to 2023 is well explained .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/titanium-dioxide-market-1081
Industry Key Players :
DuPont ( US ) ,
Tronox Limited ( US ) ,
CRISTAL ( Saudi Arabia ) ,
The Chemours Company Chemours ( US ) ,
NL Industries , Inc ( US ) ,
Shandong Doguide Group Co. , Ltd ( China ) ,
Argex Titanium Inc. ( North America ) ,
Huntsman International LLC . ( US ) ,
Evonik Industries ( Germany ) ,
Tayca Corporation ( Japan ) .
Do Enquiry and Ask for Discount @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/titanium-dioxide-market-1081
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by products , services , technologies , applications , end users , and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry , MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar ,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Launch of new series of Britain 's Got Talent
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said they welcomed the chance to fight a general election .
Speaking after Prime Minister Theresa May announced they wanted to hold a vote on June 8 , they said they `` looked forward '' to making the case for a Labour government .
Mr Corbyn said : “ I welcome the Prime Minister 's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first .
“ Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy , delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS .
“ In the last couple of weeks , Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country . We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain . ”
Labour have announced a series of new policy proposals over the past few weeks , including plans for a £10 an hour minimum wage and offering free school meals to every primary school pupil .
The statement makes it clear that Mrs May will get the election they are calling for . They will need to win a vote in Parliament with a two thirds majority to hold it , but can be certain of doing so if Labour MPs vote to hold a poll .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
We 're bringing you a brilliant start to 2018 with the return of our self-catering short breaks from only £10pp * .
We 've teamed up with BreakFree Holidays to create this great deal on spring , early summer and autumn holidays at over 160 holiday parks in your favourite seaside destinations across the UK .
3 and 4-night breaks
You can choose from three-night weekends ( Friday to Monday ) or four-night midweeks ( Mon-Fri ) and there 's no limit on how many breaks you can book , so why not put two or more together for a longer holiday , or book several stays for a year of getaways .
Pets included too
For the first time you can now add dogs to your booking too , with superb pet-friendly accommodation available across the accommodation grades .
More comfort
Holidays from £10pp include our great value Comfort accommodation , or you can upgrade with our Comfort Plus , Comfort Extra Wide and Premier Plus options providing even more space and a host of extras .
Our £10pp price is based on four people sharing one holiday home but fewer than four can enjoy the break for the base price of £40 , making these 3 or 4-night getaways fantastic value whether you are travelling as a couple or a family .
At most parks you can add optional Entertainment Passes to access their facilities and entertainment , often including swimming pools , children 's clubs and evening shows . Some activities such as fishing , golf and coaching are extra .
Please note that service charges may apply on certain dates , please check your park details . All charges will be clearly outlined when you go through the booking process online .
Collect 6 passwords to take part
Simply collect 6 passwords from the Birmingham Mail to take part – they 'll be published from Wednesday January 3 . Once you 've collected your passwords you can enter them on the promotional website to book your holiday .
Booking by post
Booking online means you can find and book your break immediately , but if you 'd prefer to book by post you can download a postal booking form or call in to your local newspaper office to collect a postal booking form .
You will need to collect six tokens . The postal booking form will be available here when the promotion opens .
Need help ?
Contact the BreakFree customer service team on 0344 543 9775 between 9am and 5pm ( Mon-Fri ) . Alternatively , email enquiries @ breakfreeholidays.co.uk
Terms & conditions
* From £10 per person , per break for Comfort accommodation only , depending on selected date . Prices are based on four people sharing and staying for three or four nights . Fewer than four can stay but the four-person minimum holiday cost will apply . Service and optional entertainment pass charges will apply to all breaks .
On selected peak dates , some parks will charge a supplement of up to £6 per person , per break , see website/park pages for details . A £3 online booking fee applies . Not all parks are available on all dates and all parks are subject to promotional availability .
The fescue grasses danced , which is always a good sign at Portmarnock Hotel & Golf Links on a spring day . And , for sure , the stiff wind that whipped in off the Irish Sea only served to add to the test in the Allianz Irish Times Officers ' Challenge regional qualifier on the wonderful Bernhard Langer-designed course which has matured into one of the finest in the country .
What was it Langer themselves once observed ? “ Golf is not life or death , it 's a game ; and at the end of the game , there 's always going to be a winner and a loser . ”
In fairness to the German , they have demonstrated an impressive longevity in fashioning golfing success around the globe . Except , on this occasion , it felt as if everyone was a winner here in getting an opportunity to test every facet of the game : that Edmondstown Golf Club emerged as the victors was the icing on the cake for the team of lady captain Aoife Cousins , honorary secretary Gerry Hiney and captain Tim O'Connor who produced a score of 70 points on a difficult day for scoring .
Although the trio have served their club well in their various officer roles down the years , it is an indication of the uniqueness of this three-person team competition ( with two scores to count ) that it was actually the first time the Edmondstown three had played an event together . But they dove-tailed beautifully , which is often the key component in mapping out a successful strategy .
“ We had a game plan , which was basically to play to par as much as we could , ” admitted Hiney , a 13-handicapper . With Cousins ( 11 ) and O'Connor ( 20 ) contributing well in what evolved into a fine team performance , Edmondstown led the way in booking their place in the national final which will take place at The K Club in August .
Dublin mountains
The demands of Portmarnock Links were , as O'Connor pointed out , somewhat different to their own tree-lined parkland course in the foothills of the Dublin mountains .
And just as they had planned , Edmondstown kept nett par as their friend for much of the journey around the links with their score of 70 edging out Foxrock Golf Club by two points , with Rathfarnham Golf Club finishing third on 66 points and Co Louth Golf Club fending off Clontarf Golf Club on countback after both finished on 64 points . All four qualifying clubs have now booked their invites to Straffan .
The Foxrock team of Stuart Margetson ( 13 ) , Carol Dillon ( 21 ) and Derek Scally ( 15 ) got off to a flying start . Having started on the eighth , Dillon hit a rescue to the Par 3 ninth – their second hole of the day – which finished 12 feet from the flag . Dillon followed up by rolling in the birdie putt . “ I left it to the lads after that , ” they quipped .
And the team was later helped by the addition of another birdie , this time from Scally after a 5-wood approach to 30ft on the first . “ The conditions were tough , it always felt as if the wind was against you , ” said Scally .
Satisfaction
The Rathfarnham team of Declan Sweeney ( 6 ) , Jane Jones ( 13 ) and Beulah Sargent ( 26 ) combined well , with the highlight being a birdie on the 17th , one of the toughest Par 3s around . There , Sweeney 's 3-wood was propelled into the wind to 10 feet and there was great satisfaction in finishing the job by rolling in the birdie putt .
The Co Louth team of Harry Collier ( 12 ) , Jackie Quinn ( 8 ) and David Hepburn ( 8 ) required the assistance of a back nine countback to edge out Clontarf , whose cause was n't helped by all three members blanking the Par 4 14th hole .
Peter Kilcullen , the Chief Customer Officer for Allianz , greeted the competing officers and teams to what is the 22nd year of the company 's involvement in the competition and welcomed The Irish Times , involved for the first time , on board as co-sponsors . Kilcullen commended Moira Cassidy , the director of golf and their team at Portmarnock Hotel & Golf Links , for the excellent conditioning of the links .
The remaining regional qualifiers will take place at Cork Golf Club ( May ) , Malone Golf Club ( June ) , Mount Juliet ( July ) and Galway Bay ( August ) with the national final to be played at The K Club on August 28th .
Results ( Portmarnock Hotel & Golf Links qualifiers ) :
70 points – Edmondstown ( Tim O'Connor , Aoife Cousins , Gerry Hiney )
68 points – Foxrock ( Stuart Margetson , Carol Dillon , Derek Scally )
66 points – Rathfarnham ( Derek Sweeney , Beulah Sargent , Jane Jones )
64 points ( on countback ) – Co Louth ( Harry Collier , Jackie Quinn , David Hepburn )
By Olasunkanmi Akoni
Lagos State Governor , Akinwunmi Ambode has approved additional 100 community projects across 20 Local Government Areas and 37 Local Council Development Areas in the state .
The governor said grassroots development would make Lagos suitable for business .
Speaking at a stakeholders ' meeting with members of Community Development Associations , CDAs , in Ikeja , Ambode said the current administration would leave no stone unturned in ensuring that Lagos communities were not left behind in the transformation on-going in key sectors across the state .
The governor , who was represented by their Special Adviser on Community and Communications , Akeem Sulaimon , maintained that government remained committed to transform grassroots into enviable haven , suitable for business , investment and for the overall prosperity of every citizen of Lagos .
Ambode noted that two of each development projects which consists of construction of roads , drainages/covers and channels , borehole and construction of community halls will go to all Local Government Area and LCDAs in the state .
They explained further that the 100 community projects are consolidation of ongoing construction and rehabilitation of 181 inner roads in the state , including completed and ongoing projects , like : the Jubilee fly-over at Abule-Egba and Ajah fly-over bringing the infrastructural projects to 270 in total .
Ambode who used the occasion to further made clarification on the controversial Land Use Charge , maintained that the charge meant well for the people as the proceeds from it were meant to upscale infrastructure in the state .
Sulaimon , addressing thousands of CDA members , said the current administration had been working and that to further revamp infrastructure in the state , there was the need to review that LUC law which had not been reviewed for the past 17 years .
Sulaimon stated that because the current administration listened to the people , that was why the LUC was reduced by 50 percent with lots of incentives attached , saying that it was not meant to impoverish the people .
According to him , in spite of the fact that the LUC had been reduced , government had made room for installment payment so that people could spread their payment at ease .
“ For government to continue to deliver and upgrade infrastructure in the state , government needs money . Since the advent of this government , the value of properties has gone up . The government means well for the people , whatever issues you have , we will continue to engage you in dialogue , ” they said .
One of CDA members , Mr. Alabi Agbaje , from Oshodi Isolo council , who spoke during a stakeholder 's meeting in Ikeja , held by the office of Special Adviser to the Governor on Communities and Communications , expressed joy on behalf of their community , saying , “ The 50 per cent reduction has brought a form of relief to us . We are really happy over this . We urge government to always and thoroughly , carry residents along in policy formulation and implementation to avoid misunderstanding and unnecessary rancor often experienced as a result of communication gab .
“ We are mostly grateful , particularly for the waiver granted pensioners . This is responsive governance . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Derby man who was jailed for life for murdering a teenager in a stabbing outside a bar has failed in a Court of Appeal challenge to their conviction .
Dominic Halliday-Fox , 23 , stabbed Leicester 17-year-old Dante Francis outside the Empire bar , in Swadlincote , Derbyshire , in April 2016 .
Although they admitted wielding the knife , they denied murder , but was convicted at Nottingham Crown Court in October 2016 , with a jury taking less than two hours to make their decision .
They were jailed for life , with a minimum of 23 years to serve before even applying for release .
( Image : Derby Telegraph )
On Tuesday , July 3 , they took their case back to court in a challenge to their conviction , but saw their hopeless appeal bid thrown out by top judges in London .
Judge Geoffrey Marson QC said Halliday-Fox 's complaints about their trial were `` totally without merit '' .
And they added a month to the time the killer must serve for wasting the court 's time .
The London court heard Halliday-Fox had devised their appeal himself .
They complained that they had wrongly been portrayed as the aggressor in the fatal incident when they had actually been a `` peacemaker '' at one stage .
They claimed they were approached and attacked by Mr Francis and only stabbed them by accident after pulling a knife to defend himself .
Rejecting the appeal bid , Judge Marson said the criticisms of the trial had `` no foundation '' .
`` The trial judge set out every aspect of the defence case , '' they said .
`` There was no error of law and no material irregularity in the trial .
`` The application for leave to appeal is refused . It is totally without merit . ''
The judge , sitting with Lady Justice Rafferty and Mrs Justice Nicola Davies , punished the killer for mounting a hopeless appeal by adding a month onto their minimum jail time .
When Halliday-Fox was first sentenced , Dante Francis 's mother Dinah told how their son had said they would fight to hold onto life as they travelled in an ambulance from the scene of the attack .
Mrs Francis told the court : “ Losing them has been the most devastating thing to happen to me in my life .
“ To hear how they died has only added to the pain because they were killed for no reason at the age of just 17 . ”
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Kirk Cousins threw a late interception as the Washington Redskins blew their chance at a play-off place with a 19-10 home loss to the New York Giants .
Facing a team with nothing to play for , the Redskins were their own worst enemy in a listless performance . Cousins was twice picked off by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie in the second half , with the second coming with less than 90 seconds left and the Redskins trailing 13-10 .
After New York punted , Washington got the ball back one final time with six seconds left , but as they tried for a miracle play Jordan Reed 's attempted lateral pass was picked off by Trevin Wade who ran it in for another touchdown .
The Redskins would have made the play-offs with a win provided the late game between the Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions did not end in a tie , but they instead face an off-season of questions and recriminations .
Meanwhile New York will advance as the first wild card in the NFC .
The Kansas City Chiefs were crowned AFC West champions as they beat the San Diego Chargers 37-27 while the Oakland Raiders lost 24-6 to the Denver Broncos .
In what could be the final NFL game played in San Diego if the Chargers complete a possible move to Los Angeles , Alex Smith threw for two touchdowns and scored another on the ground to lead the Chiefs to victory .
At the same time , everything was going wrong for the Raiders in Denver . Starting quarterback Matt McGloin was lost to a shoulder injury as they slumped to a heavy defeat against a team who may be the defending Super Bowl champions but are also a team out of the play-off picture .
Although Oakland is still play-off bound , they advance as the number five seed and appear to be down to their rookie third-string quarterback as McGloin joins Derek Carr on the sidelines .
ADVERTISEMENT
After the game , it was reported that Broncos coach Gary Kubiak , who suffered a complex migraine on October 9 , had told their players they were stepping down , although a formal announcement will come on Monday .
Another coach on their way out — San Francisco 's Chip Kelly — saw their team lose as the 2-14 49ers blew an 11-point lead to go down 25-23 to the Seattle Seahawks , who wrapped up the third seed in the NFC as West division champions .
All four of Matt Ryan 's touchdown throws came in the first half as the Atlanta Falcons beat the New Orleans Saints 38-32 to secure a first-round bye in the post-season .
Ryan had 235 of their 331 yards before the interval as the Falcons took a 35-13 lead into the locker rooms , then watched nervously as the Saints scored 19 points in the fourth quarter to threaten a comeback .
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers ' incredibly slim chance of snatching a play-off place ended despite a 17-16 success against the Carolina Panthers .
The Bucs needed to win while hoping six other results went in their favour — including a tie between the Giants and the Redskins .
But before the game even kicked off , the Bucs ' hopes were over when the much-changed Dallas Cowboys lost 27-13 to the Philadelphia Eagles as tight end Zach Ertz notched two touchdowns and 139 receiving yards .
Back-up quarterback Landry Jones showcased their abilities by throwing three touchdowns for 277 yards as they guided AFC North winners the Pittsburgh Steelers to a 27-24 overtime win against the Cleveland Browns , who wrapped up a miserable 1-15 season .
Tom Brady threw for three touchdowns and 276 yards as the New England Patriots won 35-14 against the Miami Dolphins to clinch home advantage throughout the playoffs .
LeGarrette Blount ran another in for the Pats in a high-octane match highlighted by Julian Edelman 's 77-yard touchdown .
Cincinnati Bengals running back Rex Burkhead rushed in two touchdowns for 119 yards as they eased past the Baltimore Ravens in a 27-10 success at the Paul Brown Stadium .
The Jacksonville Jaguars narrowly fell to their 13th defeat of the regular season at the hands of AFC South rivals the Indianapolis Colts thanks to a touchdown from tight end Jack Doyle with just nine seconds left on the clock to steal a 24-20 win .
Sam Bradford threw three touchdown passes to help the Minnesota Vikings to a comfortable 38-10 victory over the Chicago Bears , the Tennessee Titans edged past the Houston Texans in a 24-17 success and a Ryan Fitzpatrick-inspired New York Jets got the better of the Buffalo Bills with a 30-10 home win .
Carson Palmer threw three touchdown passes as the Arizona Cardinals took out a season 's worth of frustrations on the Los Angeles Rams in a 44-6 win .
Goleta Rotary Evening Club Recognizes DP Interact 's Lauren Ferrell , Nanda Douglas
The high school 's Interact president and treasurer receive a Certificate of Recognition
Rotary International District Governor Wade Normura of the Carpinteria Morning Rotary Club and Jay Wright , New Generations chair for the Goleta Rotary Evening Club presented a Certificate of Recognition to-Dos Pueblos High School Rotary Interact President Lauren Ferrel and Treasurer Nanda Douglas on Tuesday night at the Elephant Bar Restaurant during their weekly dinner meeting . For more information about how you or your student can become involved in Rotary International , contact club President Martin Seen at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or membership chair Frances Gilliland at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . The club will be off site Tuesday , Sept. 20 and back at the Elephant Bar at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday , Sept. 27 . Come and spend a evening of camaraderie , fellowship with dedicated men and woman who are work as volunteers to help make the community better . — Lynn Cederquist is the publicity chairperson for the Goleta Rotary Evening Club .
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer Noozhawk Asks : What 's Your Question ? Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers . Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic . We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it . The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered . Thanks for asking ! Click Here to Get Started >
LISTED chemical trader and distributor SBS Philippines Corp. ( SBS ) announced on Monday it has secured a P2.5-billion term loan from Security Bank Corp. , which will be used to bankroll purchases of property-related investments .
SBS said the term loan is in line with its diversification strategy to improve the property-related investments portfolio of the company and provide for visible acquisition-driven growth .
“ The loan from Security Bank will ensure that we have the resources available to take advantage of opportunities to acquire properties and property-related targets that become available . Presently , the group has already identified certain property investments which it hopes to close within the first half of 2017 , ” Victorina Ladringan , SBS executive vice president and investments officer , said in a disclosure to the Philippine Stock Exchange ( PSE ) .
The company said its board of directors believes that property investments have much potential to contribute materially to the company 's earnings on a sustainable and long-term basis .
SBS reported P1.02 billion in consolidated net income and P1.98 billion in consolidated revenues in 2016 , which translates to a full year earnings per share of P0.84 last year from P0.18 in 2015 .
SBS Philippines is one of the major chemical traders and distributors in the Philippines , supplying more than
1,800 customers with over 3,000 chemical products sourced from more than 500 suppliers . It supplies to customers in various industries such as food ingredients , industrial , feeds and veterinary care , pharmaceutical , and personal care and cosmetics .
The company has a network of 15 warehouse facilities in five different sites in the Greater Manila Area and Bulacan Province , with a storage capacity exceeding 18,000 metric tons .
WASHINGTON : This is the strangest of political moments , in which a historically weak president believes they are acting from a position of strength .
After a year in office , Donald Trump has an approval rating below 40 percent — the lowest for any president in modern times . In the special state legislative elections held so far this year , Democrats have outperformed Hillary Clinton 's presidential results by an average of 23 points—presaging a disastrous Republican midterm election .
And yet , Trump and their supporters feel they are riding a wave of momentum . The president has claimed victory in their shutdown showdown with Democrats . In the conservative media bubble , they are declared a leader of rare courage and achievement—a judgment with which the president is inclined to agree . And a confident Trump seems to be toughening up their demands in the brewing legislative fight over Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals—the program allowing some young people who entered the country illegally as minors ( the “ Dreamers ” ) to legally stay .
We do n't know what a final deal on DACA might look like—though it would certainly involve some legal status for the Dreamers in exchange of some version of the southern border wall . Trump is holding a popular group ( more than 70 percent of Americans support allowing the Dreamers to stay ) as legislative hostages in order to put a highly unpopular policy ( less than 40 percent of Americans support building the wall ) into place . Normally this would be a poor negotiating position . But Republican control of the House and Senate matters . No deal on DACA will pass the House without Trump 's blessing . Their apparently random interventions in policy debates—based on something they just saw on morning television , or heard from the last person in the room—should make for an interesting legislative process .
But Trump supporters are also showing their hand on the broader immigration debate . The Securing America 's Future Act in the House and RAISE Act in the Senate—both proposed by immigration hard-liners and endorsed by Trump—reveal the ultimate goal of restrictionists : dramatic reductions in legal immigration . The House bill would reduce the number of legal immigrants by 38 percent in 2019 , the Senate bill by 43 percent . These would be the most severe reductions in legal immigration since the 1920s .
The theory ? America needs more skilled immigrants ( in Trump 's view , from places like Norway ) and fewer immigrants overall . The bills would eliminate the diversity green card lottery , dramatically restrict family sponsorship and put in place a point system that gives an advantage to more accomplished and educated applicants .
The public case for this type of immigration overhaul concerns economics . It would , supporters argue , protect American workers from job competition and increase wages for the working class .
This is bad economics in every respect . It is wrong that new immigrants are generally in job competition with the native-born ; they are often in competition with more recent immigrants , who hold the kind of jobs that better fit their skills and background . There is little good evidence that acts of massive restriction in the past—the deportation of some 500,000 Mexicans during the early years of the Great Depression or the end of the bracero program in the 1960s—resulted in better job prospects or higher wages for native-born workers .
This is counterintuitive , but completely rational . Immigrants are not just workers , they are consumers at stores and restaurants . A grape or almond picker helps create value and job opportunities up the whole chain of processing and distribution to the grocery store— and helps keep the price of food low for other consumers . Large numbers of migrants can put strains on public services . But it is both terrible economics and terrible morality to regard human beings as leeches and economic drains . In a capitalist system , humans are ultimately the source of all creativity , productivity and wealth ( h/t Jack Kemp ) . And because of slowing birth rates and lower work participation rates , America is depending on immigrants at every skill level—from agricultural workers , to nurses , to engineers—to create economic growth , pay for and care for retiring baby boomers and maintain our global standing .
By every economic measure , America needs more immigrants . But passions on this issue have less to do with economic theory than with fear of cultural change —the reason that Trump demonizes migrants as rapists , murderers and terrorists . In this way , a president—sure of their instincts and flattered by their courtiers —marks their party as a source of intolerance .
© 2018 , WASHINGTON POST WRITERS GROUP
michaelgerson @ washpost.com .
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Engineers working to make solar cells more cost effective ended up finding a method for making sonar-like collision avoidance systems in self-driving cars .
The twin discoveries started , the researchers say , when they began looking for a solution to a well-known problem in the world of solar cells .
“ …the huge ramp up in autonomous vehicles and LIDAR suddenly made this 100 times more important… ”
Solar cells capture photons from sunlight in order to convert them into electricity . The thicker the layer of silicon in the cell , the more light it can absorb , and the more electricity it can ultimately produce . But the sheer expense of silicon has become a barrier to solar cost-effectiveness .
So the engineers figured out how to create a very thin layer of silicon that could absorb as many photons as a much thicker layer of the costly material . Specifically , rather than laying the silicon flat , they nanotextured the surface of the silicon in a way that created more opportunities for light particles to be absorbed .
Their technique increased photon absorption rates for the nanotextured solar cells compared to traditional thin silicon cells , making more cost-effective use of the material .
Sonar but with light
After the researchers shared these efficiency figures , engineers working on autonomous vehicles began asking whether this texturing technique could help them get more accurate results from a collision-avoidance technology called LIDAR , which is conceptually like sonar except that it uses light rather than sound waves to detect objects in the car 's travel path .
LIDAR works by sending out laser pulses and calculating the time it takes for the photons to bounce back . The autonomous car engineers understood that current photon detectors use thick layers of silicon to make sure they capture enough photons to accurately map the terrain ahead . They wondered if texturing a thin layer of silicon , much like on the solar cells , would lead to more accurate maps than the current thin silicon .
Indeed , in their new paper , James Harris , a professor in the School of Engineering at Stanford University , and graduate student Kai Zang report that their textured silicon can capture as many as three to six times more of the returning photons than today 's LIDAR receivers .
They believe this will enable self-driving car engineers to design high-performance , next-generation LIDAR systems that would continuously send out a single laser pulse in all directions . The reflected photons would be captured by an array of textured silicon detectors , creating moment-to-moment maps of pedestrian-filled city crosswalks .
2 LIDAR problems
Harris says the texturing technology could also help to solve two other LIDAR problems unique to self-driving cars—potential distortions caused by heat and the machine equivalent of peripheral vision .
The heat problem occurs because the LIDAR laser apparatus can heat up during extended use , causing photon wavelengths to shift slightly . Such shifts could cause light particles to bounce off traditional silicon that is made to absorb specific wavelengths . But the nanotexturing technology can absorb photons across a broad spectrum , eliminating this heat-shift issue .
With respect to the machine equivalent of peripheral vision , the researchers believe it may be possible to make a flexible version of their nanotextured silicon receptor . Flexibility would allow them to curve the receptor . Between that and the light-trapping advantage of their nanotextured surface , they think it may be possible for LIDAR systems to enlarge the angle of acceptance for photons , in order to more completely identify all potential obstacles .
Harris says they always thought Zang 's texturing technique was a good way to improve solar cells . “ But the huge ramp up in autonomous vehicles and LIDAR suddenly made this 100 times more important , ” they say .
The researchers report their work in the journal Nature Communications .
Source : Shara Tonn for Stanford University
By John Lee .
The United States Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) has reduced its flight restrictions in Iraqi airspace , though some restrictions will remain in place .
It had previously prohibited all US civilian flight operations over the country due to risks relating to the armed conflict with the Islamic State group .
Rudaw quotes a statement from Baghdad International Airport as saying that the announcement “ means that global airlines can go over Iraqi airspace wherever they want . ”
The FAA statement can be viewed here .
( Sources : Govdelivery , Rudaw )
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Power Sunroof Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Webasto , Inalfa , Inteva , Yachiyo , Mobitech , Aisin Seiki , Wanchao , Mingfang Automotive Parts , Johnan Manufacturing , Motiontec , Shenghua Wave Group , Donghee , Jincheng , DeFuLai .
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Power Sunroof market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Power Sunroof report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-power-sunroof-market/5904/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Automotive Power Sunroof Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Inbuilt Sunroof , Spoiler Sunroof , Pop-up Sunroof , Panoramic Sunroof , Others .
Automotive Power Sunroof Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : SUV , Sedan & Hatchback , Other Vehicle .
Key points in the Automotive Power Sunroof Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-power-sunroof-market/5904/ # inquiry
From all of this Automotive Power Sunroof market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Power Sunroof market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Automotive Power Sunroof distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
BARCELONA , Spain ( AP ) `` Barcelona says it has reached a deal with Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande to buy Brazil midfielder Paulinho for 40 million euros ( $ 47 million ) .
The Spanish club says that Paulinho will sign a four-year contract after a medical exam on Thursday .
They are set to be Barcelona 's first signing since Neymar left for Paris Saint-Germain for a world-record 222 million euros ( $ 262 million ) last week .
The 29-year-old Paulinho played for Tottenham for two seasons before moving to Guangzhou in 2015 . They have made 41 appearances for the Brazil national team .
Three breakdowns and a crash on Auckland 's motorways are causing headaches for commuters stuck in heavy traffic this evening .
The NZTA said traffic was heavy on the Northern , Southern , Northwestern and Southwestern motorways at 5.30pm .
A crash was blocking the right northbound lane on the Southwestern motorway just after the Walmsley Rd overbridge , the NZTA said on Twitter .
`` Please pass the scene with care and expect delays . ''
Advertisement
SH20 SOUTH WESTERN MWY , NORTHBOUND 5.35PM
A crash is blocking the right northbound lane just after the Walmsley Road over-bridge . Please pass the scene with care and expect delays . ^MF pic.twitter.com/YUqiEARPux — NZTA Akld & Nthlnd ( @ NZTAAkl ) May 31 , 2018
An earlier breakdown on the Walmsley Rd on-ramp had already caused hold ups in the area shortly before 5pm , but was cleared an hour later .
Traffic was heavy between Roscommon Rd and Neilson St northbound and between Walmsley Rd and Massey Rd , again at Cavendish Dr and heavy approaching the southern link southbound .
The Northwestern was heavy between Bond St and Lincoln Rd westbound thanks to an earlier breakdown which was now clear , and approaching the northern link citybound , the NZTA said .
Traffic on the Southern motorway was heavy in both directions with a crash clear of lanes between the city and Mt Wellington .
On the Northern a breakdown was blocking the left lane northbound after Greville Rd and traffic was heavy between Victoria Park Tunnel and the Upper Harbour Highway .
Citybound , traffic was heavy at Greville Rd and between the Harbour Bridge and Northcote Rd .
FILE - In this Nov. 14 , 2017 file photo , Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-S.C. , questions Attorney General Jeff Sessions during a House Judiciary Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington . The FBI acted properly in its investigation of contacts between President Donald Trump 's 2016 campaign and Russia , according to Gowdy , who recently received a classified briefing about the origins of the FBI probe . Alex Brandon AP Photo
Risk factors include genetic tendencies , adaptation and brain circuitry — and are all different in each of us
[ Noozhawk 's note : This article is part of Day 3 in Noozhawk 's 12-day , six-week special investigative series , Prescription for Abuse . Related links are below . ]
In the past , the study of addiction has often been focused on substances — like heroin , marijuana and alcohol . But experts in the field now believe that addiction begins with the “ reward circuitry ” in the brain rather than the substances themselves . Understanding just how addiction works may offer clues to getting control of the growing problem of prescription drug abuse .
In August , the nonprofit American Society of Addiction Medicine released an official definition of addiction that categorized it as a “ chronic disease of brain reward , motivation , memory and related circuitry. ” An individual with addiction will pathologically pursue reward and or relief by substance use and other behaviors , the statement said .
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
“ Addiction is characterized by inability to consistently abstain , impairment in behavioral control , craving , diminished recognition of significant problems with one 's behaviors and interpersonal relationships , and a dysfunctional emotional response , ” the organization stated . “ Like other chronic diseases , addiction often involves cycles of relapse and remission . Without treatment or engagement in recovery activities , addiction is progressive and can result in disability or premature death .
“ Addiction is not , at its core , just a social problem or a problem of morals . Addiction is about brains , not just about behaviors . ”
John Gabbert , senior program director at the Santa Barbara Rescue Mission , puts it another way .
“ I define addiction as any behavior that an individual will continue to do regardless of the negative consequences of that behavior , ” they said .
A strong genetic component also exists with addiction , which helps explain why some people react to certain drugs and others do n't . According to the American Society of Addiction Medicine , genetic factors account for about half of the likelihood that a person will experience addiction .
Two local addiction experts weighed in on what they see every day in their practice . Drs . Joe Frawley and Sherif El-Asyouty are the co-founders of Santa Barbara 's Recovery Road Medical Center , which specializes in helping patients overcome addictions . The center is located at 3891 State St. , Suite 205 .
How rewarding a drug is to a person is one factor , while how much the person 's nervous system can adapt to the drug is another .
“ If you take an 18 year old and they can handle five drinks very well without much effect , he 's more likely to have a problem 10 years later than someone who says ‘ My head was spinning with the five drinks , ' ” Frawley said . “ In those people who can handle it well , there is a much higher family history of addiction . They have a nervous system that has adapted to alcohol . ”
Age is also a strong indicator .
Prescription drug abuse is most consistent among young adults aged 18 to 25 years old , according to data from the Substance Abuse & Mental Health Services Administration , a division of the Health and Human Services Department .
That age group is most likely to abuse prescription opioids , like oxycodone and hydrocodone , and these drugs are the most common drugs used at initiation , second only to cannabis , or marijuana , according to SAMHSA .
Compounding the issue is that people perceive prescription medications to be safe .
“ People give a couple of pain pills out to someone like you would give them a pen , ” Frawley said . “ It 's that casual . ”
Frawley and El-Asyouty also say there 's a strong connection between substance dependence and untreated mood and anxiety disorders ; people will self-medicate with prescription drugs to feel “ normal . ”
A prime example is a 21-year-old Santa Barbara woman named Lynn , who spoke to Noozhawk on the condition of anonymity . Lynn said they started taking OxyContin while in a physically abusive relationship . A friend noticed bruises down the back of their arms and offered them a pill .
“ I was in such a mental state that I really did n't care , ” they said . “ I was so unhappy with myself and the relationship I was in . ”
Family and friends would try to intervene when they saw the signs of physical abuse , like a black eye , but “ I thought that I was above it , ” they said .
Lynn said they liked how OxyContin and oxycodone , sometimes known as “ roxies ” on the street , made them feel , and after they ended the relationship , they were physically addicted and continued to use the medications for two years . They said they had enough friends taking the same drugs , so buying them was easy .
They said they would freebase the drugs for a faster high , but then the pharmaceutical company changed the chemical makeup of the pills , which prevented them from crushing and smoking them . The change prompted them to switch to heroin , which they used for about six months .
Abuse of opioid prescriptions may be a precursor to injection drug usage and drugs like heroin , according to a study published earlier this year in the International Journal of Drug Policy . Out of 150 young adults surveyed for the study , more than 80 percent initiated opioid misuse prior to heroin , which occurred two years earlier on average .
Lynn was eventually arrested last Halloween in Isla Vista , and they were charged with possession and sales of heroin and possession of cocaine .
Today , they are several months into a court-mandated treatment facility , Project Recovery run by the Santa Barbara Council on Alcoholism & Drug Abuse , and is taking a year off from UCSB to get clean . The program will last 12 to 18 months , depending on how well they do , but they hope to return to school after treatment and finish their bachelor 's degree in environmental studies .
“ I was resistant to the whole recovery thing , because I thought ‘ If I really want to beat this , I can , ' ” they told Noozhawk . “ Anything I 've truly put my mind to , I have n't failed at , so this was a really big life lesson . ”
It 's important to remember that none of the medications are bad , said El-Asyouty , and they have a specific medical purpose when prescribed in a certain amount by a doctor .
“ They become drugs when they are used for different reasons than what was intended , or in larger amounts or when you get them outside the prescribing source , ” they said .
El-Asyouty said they think the majority of doctors mean no harm when they prescribe a medicine .
“ The trick is once you start to notice ( signs of addiction ) , it 's important to re-evaluate and not to be afraid of having those people treated , ” they said .
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk or @ NoozhawkNews . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Justin Timberlake is set to feature a hologram of the late music legend Prince in their Super Bowl half-time show on Monday ( NZT ) .
Timberlake is expected to pay tribute to the late star in Prince 's former hometown of Minneapolis , the venue of Monday afternoon 's Super Bowl .
While many have praised Timberlake for their proposed tribute , friends and family of Prince have hit out at the idea of using a hologram , something Prince outspokenly hated .
Prince 's former drummer tweeted that Prince told them not to allow holograms of him .
Advertisement
`` Prince told me do n't ever let anyone do a hologram of me . Not cool if this happens , '' they wrote .
Prince told me do n't ever let anyone do a hologram of me . Not cool if this happens ! https : //t.co/khtCjXr2mY — SheilaEdrummer ( @ SheilaEdrummer ) February 3 , 2018
In 1998 , Prince described the concept of virtual reality and holograms as `` demonic '' when they were asked if he 'd ever play alongside a hologram of a late musician .
`` That 's the most demonic thing imaginable . Everything is as it is , and it should be . If I was meant to jam with Duke Ellington , we would have lived in the same age .
`` That whole virtual reality thing ... it really is demonic . And I am not a demon .
`` What they did with that Beatles song , manipulating John Lennon 's voice to have them singing from across the grave ... that 'll never happen to me . To prevent that kind of thing from happening is another reason why I want artistic control . ''
Justin Timberlake is set to feature a hologram of Prince in their Super Bowl halftime show . However not everyone is happy with the idea . Photo / Getty
Despite the backlash , Timberlake did have support from Prince 's sister Tkya Nelson , who was open to the idea of reviving Prince through a hologram .
`` A hologram could be done as long as it is of excellent quality . It would have to allow the fans to experience Prince in the way they allowed us to experience their music , '' they told iNews .
The Super Bowl between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles kicks off at 12.30pm on Monday NZT .
This week is traditionally the busiest for the nation 's camping grounds , but less so this year in quake-ravaged Kaikoura .
Concerns over aftershocks from November 's 7.8 quake as well as limited road access is taking its toll on visitor numbers , with many sites reporting a downturn in bookings .
The Top Ten Holiday park says it 's normally fully-booked at New Year with all 420 sites and units full .
But this year they are sitting at around one-quarter to one-third of normal occupancy .
The park 's managers say as soon as communication was restored to the town in November their phones started ringing .
`` It was pretty rough that first week or two post-quake just handling the cancellations which were coming in thick and fast , '' said manager Ed Nolan .
They say although having the main SH1 road south restored prior to Christmas has helped immensely , the fact the road north is still out of action has n't helped .
`` If overseas tourists are getting off the ferry in Picton from Wellington , all of a sudden they try to put us in their GPS and it takes them the long way around for another seven and a half hours driving . And some people ca n't make it or they do n't have the time , '' Mr Nolan said .
However the holiday park and other local businesses say they are grateful for the large number of Christchurch visitors who 've made the decision to come up and holiday , with many voicing their enthusiasm to support the local economy .
`` We just thought we 'd lost our summer and income for our families , so yeah , it 's good to see the people come and support Kaikoura businesses and send money here . And it 's really heart-warming , '' said Jade Kiwi shop owner Cezanne Lyons .
There is one definite upside for those who have decided to make the effort and come to Kaikoura to camp this summer .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — Eddie Rosario was n't a very happy camper after not starting four games in the past nine days .
They took their frustrations out on the Seattle Mariners pitching staff , and their teammates joined the hit party as well .
Rosario hit three home runs and drove in five runs and the Minnesota Twins set a franchise record with 28 hits while batting around in two different innings of a 20-7 victory over the Mariners on Tuesday night .
“ He made a little bit of a statement out there tonight , ” manager Paul Molitor said . “ He 's been out a few days and they came back with a vengeance . ”
Max Kepler and Brian Dozier also went deep , Eduardo Escobar had five hits and two RBIs and Jason Castro had four hits and four RBIs for the Twins , who are in first place in the AL Central despite an AL-worst 13-19 record at Target Field .
The 28 hits are the most in a game since the Rangers had 29 in a 30-3 win over the Orioles on Aug. 22 , 2007 .
“ We just could n't stop them , ” Mariners manager Scott Servais said . “ They kept squaring it up . ”
Christian Bergman ( 3-4 ) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in 2 1-3 innings for the Mariners . Jarrod Dyson had a homer , a double and an RBI . Ben Gamel had two doubles and an RBI .
With slugger Miguel Sano getting a night off , the Twins batted around in a seven-run third inning and a seven-run seventh to snap a five-game home skid .
The Twins strung together eight straight hits in the third inning , including back-to-back homers by Rosario and Dozier , to bust the game wide open .
“ I just had a bad day as far as stuff and command goes , ” Bergman said .
Rosario 's second two-run shot of the game came off of the first pitch from reliever Casey Lawrence , and Dozier followed with a solo shot for an 11-3 lead .
Rosario 's final blast of the night came in the eighth inning off backup catcher Carlos Ruiz .
“ Sometimes you have frustrations , ” Rosario said . “ But I keep working hard . That 's it . ”
A night after scoring 14 runs in a series-opening win over the Twins , the Mariners still pounded out 14 hits . Dyson 's homer was their third of the season to set a career high .
UNIQUE VISIT
Kyle Gibson ( 4-4 ) wobbled through six innings , giving up six runs and 12 hits and striking out four .
After the Twins ' big third inning , Gibson promptly gave up three doubles and two runs . That compelled manager Paul Molitor to make a rare , one-on-one visit to the mound . Pitching coach Neil Allen remained in the dugout and catcher Jason Castro remained behind the plate . It was just Molitor and Gibson talking man-to-man .
Molitor finished the visit by patting Gibson on the behind and the right-hander was able to get the final two outs of the inning without surrendering another run .
“ He just said , ‘ This is your game and we need you to get to the seventh , ' ” Gibson said .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Mariners : RHP Hisahi Iwakuma is scheduled to make their first rehab start for Class A Modesto on Thursday . Iwakuma has been out since May 7 with right shoulder inflammation . Manager Scott Servais said the plan is for three innings or 45 pitches . … SS Jean Segura , out since June 2 with a right high ankle sprain , did some running on Wednesday at about 60 percent speed . They plan to take batting practice on Thursday .
Twins : LHP Glen Perkins , bothered by shoulder issues for the past two years , threw 21 pitches in a simulated game in Fort Myers , Florida . They will next throw on Friday in extended spring training . … RHP Hector Santiago played long toss on Wednesday and remains in the mix to start a game in the doubleheader against Cleveland on Saturday .
UP NEXT
Mariners : RHP Sam Gaviglio ( 2-1 , 2.79 ) takes the mound on Wednesday for Game 3 of the four-game series . They spent the first seven years of their career in the minor leagues before finally getting a chance this season .
Twins : RHP Ervin Santana ( 8-3 , 2.20 ) will take the mound for the Twins , fresh off their majors-leading third shutout of the season , a 4-0 win over the Giants on June 9 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
John Hume and Seamus Mallon – the two titans of the SDLP in its heyday – had an open row about whether nationalists really cared about a united Ireland .
The party leader and their deputy , whose differences were mostly kept under wraps during their dominance of northern nationalism for much of the Troubles , were fundamentally split on the definitive issue .
The schism erupted during a meal at the Irish embassy in London in January 1986 .
They had been invited , along with other SDLP members and family , by then ambassador Noel Dorr to mark MP Mr Mallon officially taking their newly-won seat for the first time at Westminster .
In a missive – marked “ secret ” – sent back to Dublin , Mr Dorr told the Irish government “ considerable differences of outlook and approach between John Hume and Seamus Mallon came out quite clearly in discussion ” .
“ An argument developed between them in which Hume spoke of the ambivalence of Northern nationalists about Irish unity – they want it but they know the time is not ripe for it and the concept of unity is more important as a factor in what they called ‘ the tribal conflict ' than in itself , ” the diplomat reported .
Mr Hume argued that their native and predominantly nationalist Londonderry had closer links with Glasgow than the west of Ireland or even Dublin , according to the newly declassified documents released into the Irish National Archives .
“ Mallon on the other hand disagreed with this and spoke of the desire for Irish unity as a deep motivating force North and South of the border , ” Mr Dorr said in the letter which was copied to the taoiseach Garret Fitzgerald and tanaiste Dick Spring .
“ He also challenged Hume 's view that Irish unity , of necessity , would have to be a very long-term prospect .
“ Mallon sees the Anglo-Irish Agreement as a kind of last throw by constitutional Irish nationalism . ”
The fledgling agreement had been signed just two months beforehand and was facing a revolt from unionists .
Mr Mallon told the dinner party if it failed the outlook would be “ bleak ” .
But their party leader “ dissented ” from this analysis – insisting the treaty which gave Dublin an advisory role in Northern Ireland was a new beginning rather than a last opportunity .
Mr Hume argued that a substantial number of Northern Catholics would never support violence in any circumstances , and agreed with a suggestion that there would be “ another agreement if the Anglo-Irish Agreement failed ” .
The pair also appeared to differ on what direction the SDLP should take in the immediate aftermath of the agreement .
Mr Hume said the choice was to “ play it safe ” by appealing to their own supporters , or to reach out to unionists to resolve the “ fundamental historic problem ” .
They strongly favoured reaching out to unionists and wanted to do it sooner rather than later .
But Mr Mallon had a “ longer timetable in mind ” and said their voters – many of whom gave them conditional support – were giving the agreement a chance and wanted to see it delivered .
In the letter , Mr Dorr appeals for discretion around their report as they were sure neither Mr Hume nor Mr Mallon would appreciate having their differences talked about .
The Rotary Club of Carpinteria Morning is a vibrant service group of community leaders , business owners and volunteers committed to enhancing the community and building positive international relationships .
Every year , the club produces the Carpinteria Calendar and donates all proceeds from sales to nonprofit organizations in the community . The club has donated more than $ 80,000 to the community since the Carpinteria Calendar was founded in 2005 .
Girls Inc. of Carpinteria was fortunate to be presented with a generous check for $ 1,000 to support its programs and scholarships for local girls .
“ The Rotary Club of Carpinteria Morning is proud to support Girls Inc. and their extensive efforts toward enriching the lives of girls in our community and inspiring them to be strong , smart and bold , ” said Rotarian Stefanie Herrington , who also serves on the Girls Inc. of Carpinteria Board of Trustees .
Girls Inc. of Carpinteria serves southern Santa Barbara by providing a variety of quality on-site after-school and summer enrichment programs to girls and young women ages 5 to 18 and their families . It is the only all-girl programming offered in the Carpinteria Valley .
“ Girls Inc. is honored to receive funds from this generous group of volunteers and business owners , ” Executive Director Victoria Juarez said . “ They clearly understand the impact of investing in the future leaders of the Carpinteria . ”
— Jill Tyler is the director of development for Girls Inc. of Carpinteria .
UK assignment Help is for an understudy who are searching for doing great in school or college . It is extremely troublesome for a normal understudy to deliberately compose a decent and expert task regarding any matter . Individuals imagine that Assignment Help Online is for the understudies who are not having enthusiasm for their scholastic . This is a false idea with respect to Assignment encourage on the web . Researcher understudy likewise utilize task help online administrations for the direction and help from master scholars to compose the school or the college task mistake free .
Primary Reasons for Hiring Assignment Help Online Service :
§ Academic greatness : It is hard for a normal understudy to compose an incredible exposition or task . There are a few focuses which are most essential while composing a task or an article . Online assignment help have a major system of qualified and master educators who are having high involvement in the field . These Expert authors are fit for dispensing the right assets and examining should be composed . The Experts are additionally equipped for looking at the point from alternate point of view and this makes a decent impact on the per user 's psyche .
§ Saving time : Students can spare the valuable time when they utilize task help online administrations . They can focus on self-examine and can likewise include in additional curricular exercises . At the point when understudies enlist assignment help authors , they can give adequate time for intuition on inventive and new thoughts .
§ Customized consideration : When understudies utilize task enable online to administration , they or they are given altered consideration . The experts will ensure that every single task they compose is 101 % unique and one of a kind and will likewise ensure that the task composing will be according to the understudies require .
§ Professional written work and introduction abilities : When an understudy contracts online task help administrations he/she will locate a major change in the composition and also the introduction aptitudes of his/her task .
Advantages of service :
Quick conveyance .
every minute of every day Amazing client help .
Exceptional , blunder free substance .
Pocket-accommodating costs .
The only blot on the horizon for the Jessica Harrington-Robbie Power team is the season finishes next week following Our Duke 's superb Boylesports Irish Grand National success at Fairyhouse on Easter Monday .
Within a month of Sizing John landing the Cheltenham Gold Cup , racing 's hottest combination confirmed they have another prime ‘ Blue-Riband ' contender in Our Duke who landed Ireland 's richest ever jumps race in style .
It might have been a handicap but fittingly the mammoth €270,000 first-prize went to the best horse as the 9-2 favourite routed 27 opponents on just their fourth start over fences .
At the line Our Duke had 14 lengths in hand of Bless The Wings who finished runner-up for the second year running . Abolitionist was third with the 2015 winner Thunder And Roses back in fourth .
It continued the purple patch enjoyed by both Harrington and Power since Cheltenham and their momentum going into next week bodes well for Sizing John who is set to return to action in the Punchestown Gold Cup .
Our Duke earned immediate 10-1 quotes for the 2018 Cheltenham Gold Cup but now armed with two prime candidates it is only 7-2 that Harrington will again land steeplechasing 's greatest prize next year .
Despite almost being unable to stop saddling winners recently – they had their first hat-trick of winners on a flat card at Cork on Saturday – Harrington seemed overwhelmed by their first ever Irish National success .
“ He 's only a novice but they jumped so well , up there all the way , and Robert rode them with such confidence , ” they said . “ At the fourth last I saw the pack closing but they changed gear again . I had been worried about the ground but they absolutely loved it . ”
That Power rode with confidence was n't surprising . Armed with a new job as No 1 to Sizing John 's owners , and with a superb Aintree festival under their belt , the 35-year-old jockey had Our Duke towards the front of the massive field throughout and always looked in control .
Local racecourse
“ He was a Grade One horse in a handicap and full credit to Jessie , this has been the plan since Christmas , ” said Power who is originally from near Trim .
“ This is my local racecourse so this means so much . ”
For a second year running Bless The Wings had to settle for second and while Gordon Elliott was frustrated at missing out again , they did have the consolation of securing a potentially vital prizemoney edge over Willie Mullins in the race for the trainers ' championship .
As well as the runner-up , Elliott had the fifth and sixth , General Principle and Noble Endeavor , in front of the Mullins hope Haymount . It meant the season 's leading trainer emerged from the National over €120,000 better off than their rival .
Some bookmakers now make Elliott a 1-6 favourite to be crowned champion for the first time next week .
In the much longer term the sky looks the limit for Our Duke who made some slight errors early in the race but for a novice was impressively sure-footed . Their performance left Power hugely impressed .
“ He made a few novicey little mistakes but full credit to everyone . Jessie has done some job to train this horse on only their fourth start over fences . Once they got plenty of light we were going to be happy and they travelled so well . They are just a very good horse , ” they said .
Harrington indicated Our Duke and Sizing John will be kept apart next season before a potentially mouth-watering Gold Cup clash .
“ We 've all got to get there first but that 's why they did n't go to Cheltenham this year . We decided to wait to go to the Gold Cup next year , ” they said . “ He 's the same age as Sizing John – they 're both seven – so it 's fantastic . ”
It was a much less happy National for Barry Geraghty who has a suspected broken arm after a fall from Minella Foru early in the race .
