U.S. Edges Out Russia To Become India 's Largest Military Equipment Vendor
In the last three years , the U.S. has surpassed Russia as the number one military vendor to India , Defence Minister Arun Jaitley told the Indian parliament on Tuesday .
Starting in 2011 , India has imported $ 13.9 billion in military equipment from the U.S. and $ 5.34 billion from Russia , Jaitley told the Indian Lok Sabha .
Big ticket U.S. equipment imported to India includes the Boeing P-8I Neptune — a version of the U.S. Navy 's P-8 Poseidon anti-submarine warfare ( ASW ) aircraft — Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the Lockheed Martin C-130J Super Hercules medium cargo transport , according to local press reports .
India is also close to signing a $ 2.5 billion deal for 22 Boeing AH-64 Apache attack helicopters and 15 Boeing CH-47 Chinook transport helicopters , according to a Wednesday report in Jane 's Defence Weekly .
Despite the trend favoring the U.S. , the Indian armed forces still field about 70 percent Russian equipment , ranging from submarines to tactical fighters .
India and Russia are partners on Brahmos PJ-10 anti-ship cruise missile and the Sukhoi T-50 PAK-FA fighter . Russia is also working with India on a nuclear ballistic missile submarine — INS Arihant .
“ India also wanted to diversify its arms suppliers as Moscow was proving to be an unreliable provider with extended delivery deadlines , exponential cost increases , and hurdles in transferring technology , ” according to Jane 's .
India has also purchased $ 1.96 billion in material from France and $ 554.6 million from Israel , Jaitley said .
In response to India looking beyond Moscow for arms , Russia is considering an attack helicopter sale to India 's regional rival Pakistan .
Last week — in a visit to New Delhi — U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and discussed future cooperative defense programs between the U.S. and India .
Fullerton officer charged in Kelly Thomas ' death will keep LAPD pension
An L.A. board decides not to review Jay Cicinelli 's disability award , which was approved after they lost an eye when they were shot while on duty as a rookie officer in 1996 .
When officials told them they did not have a place in the department for a probationary officer with one eye , Cicinelli went to court in an attempt to keep their job , but eventually settled with the city and accepted retirement with a disability pension of 70 % of their salary .
Cicinelli , 39 , lost their left eye when they were shot while on duty as a rookie Los Angeles Police Department officer in 1996 .
The board responsible for overseeing fire and police pensions in Los Angeles voted Thursday against launching a review of Jay Cicinelli 's disability pension .
A Fullerton police officer accused in the death of a homeless man will continue to receive their nearly $ 40,000 annual disability pension from the city of Los Angeles after their father made an emotional appeal to a city pension board .
Jay Cicinelli , one of two Fullerton police officers charged in the death… ( Orange County district… )
Despite their disability , Cicinelli was hired as an officer by the Fullerton Police Department , where they worked their way up from a reserve officer to a corporal earning $ 88,544 a year .
Cicinelli 's case came to the attention of the Los Angeles Fire and Police Pensions staff over the summer when their name surfaced in news reports as one of six officers involved in a violent struggle with Kelly Thomas , 37 , a homeless man with schizophrenia who died five days after the July 5 altercation at a bus depot in Fullerton .
Cicinelli faces charges of involuntary manslaughter and excessive use of force in the case , and has been placed on unpaid leave by the Fullerton department .
A second officer , Manuel Ramos , 37 , was charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter . Four other officers involved in the case were not charged .
The L.A. pension department 's staff has asked its governing board for permission to take the rare step of reviewing Cicinelli 's pension case to determine if their award should be reduced because they appeared to be working on patrol duty while collecting a generous disability pension .
Pensioners are not forbidden to work , but officials said the fact that they were working as a patrol officer raised questions about their disability status .
If the board had given the go-ahead for the review , a second vote would have been required to actually reduce Cicinelli 's pension .
But board members — four of them elected by the police and firefighters and four appointed by the mayor — voted 5 to 3 to deny the staff permission to launch the review .
Cicinelli 's father , John Huelsman , told the board that after their son was shot , LAPD officials at first touted them as a hero and said they would not lose their job over their injury , but then changed their tune and told them they could no longer work as an officer .
`` All they wanted to do was remain an LAPD officer — that 's all they ever wanted to do , '' Huelsman told the board .
No . 11 Stanford 's impressive season came to an end on Saturday morning , as No . 1 North Carolina prevailed , 4-1 , at home in the opening round of the NCAA Tournament .
The loss completed another strong campaign for Stanford ( 16-7 , 6-0 NorPac ) , which both reached the NCAA Tournament and captured the NorPac Championship for the fifth time in six years .
The Cardinal , which has been a fixture in the national rankings for all but one week over the last three years , navigated through a grueling non-conference schedule in which it played four games against the nation 's No . 1-ranked team at the time .
That was the case again on Saturday , with Stanford unfortunately and perhaps unfairly drawing a challenging first-round matchup in North Carolina , a program which owns six NCAA titles to its credit while finishing as the national runner-up two straight seasons .
The first-round pairing represented a rematch from earlier this season , when North Carolina defeated the Cardinal 6-2 back on Sept. 23 in Chapel Hill , N.C . In that game , the Tar Heels held advantages in shots ( 18-6 ) and penalty corners ( 7-4 ) .
Stanford fared much better in Saturday 's contest , nearly matching North Carolina in those categories as the Tar Heels owned a 16-10 shot edge and attempted six of the game 's 10 penalty corners .
Kelsey Harbin accounted for the Cardinal 's only goal , taking an assist from Becky Dru and scoring for the fifth time this year in the 60th minute . Harbin 's goal was Stanford 's first in an NCAA Tournament game since Katherine Swank in 2010 and only the fifth postseason tally in school history .
The Cardinal , which is 48-17 in three seasons under head coach Tara Danielson and has won at least 15 games in four consecutive years , remains winless in 12 NCAA Tournament appearances .
North Carolina applied pressure from the outset , with Charlotte Craddock scoring their 21st goal of the year unassisted after a hard shot from the top left of the circle .
Emma Bozek padded the Tar Heels ' lead in the 28th minute , scoring unassisted with a shot into the top left corner of the cage and allowing the hosts to take a 2-0 advantage into halftime .
Less than four minutes after intermission , Jaclyn Gaudioso Radvany scored on a deflection from the left side of the cage following an assist from Kelsey Kolojejchick .
North Carolina held a 3-0 lead until the 59:25 mark , when Harbin scored on a penalty corner with Dru providing their team-best 12 assist of the year . Harbin , who missed the first earlier meeting while representing the U.S. team at the Junior Pan American Championships , made their presence felt on Saturday with two of the Cardinal 's 10 shot attempts .
Sinead Loughran officially put the game out of reach in the 68th minute , finding the cage off a cross from Bozek .
Harbin , Dru , Alex McCawley and Maddie Secco all tallied two shots apiece for Stanford .
Freshman Dulcie Davies , the Cardinal 's lone goalkeeper on the roster , made four saves in the loss . Davies closed out a solid rookie season , posting seven shutouts and playing all but 6:23 in goal when Stanford shifted to an empty net .
NOTES : Arguably the best player in school history , Becky Dru 's career came to an end on Saturday . In 87 career games , Dru totaled 54 goals , 36 assists , 144 points , 311 shots and 15 game-winning goals . The Buckinghamshire , England , native was named an NFHCA First Team All-American in 2011 and will merit serious consideration again this year ... Stanford is now 0-12 all-time in the NCAA Tournament , having also made appearances in 2011 , 2010 , 2009 , 2007 , 2000 , 1995 , 1991 , 1990 , 1987 , 1986 and 1985 . The Cardinal owns a 4-1 record in NCAA Play-In games , which are not counted in the overall record ... Stanford 's six-member senior class of Dru , Emily Henriksson , Kelsey Lloyd , Katie Mitchell , Colleen Ryan and Alysha Sekhon compiled a 65-22 overall record while qualifying for the NCAA Tournament all four seasons . That 's the best four-year stretch in school history ... Stanford finished 6-2 at home , 3-4 on the road and 7-1 in neutral site games ... Stanford outscored its opponents 67-36 and outshot its foes 364-190 . The Cardinal also attempted 159 penalty corners while allowing 90 .
The North Carolina General Assembly has confirmed attorney Buddy Collins to the State Board of Education , despite opposition by a gay rights group over Collins ' long history of opposing anti-bullying measures aimed at protecting LGBT students .
The state House and Senate met for a rare joint session on Wednesday , approving Collins and several other nominees put forward by North Carolina Gov . Pat McCrory ( R ) . The GOP-controlled legislature rejected an amendment by Democrats to remove Collins from the list of confirmed nominees .
Collins is an attorney and a longtime member of the Winston-Salem/Forsyth County School Board of Education . They have clashed with the Gay , Lesbian and Straight Education Network ( GLSEN ) over the years surrounding the group 's efforts to stop bullying on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity .
`` Buddy Collins has always been a retrograde voice , inimical to the interests of youth , on the school board , '' GLSEN Executive Director Eliza Byard told The Huffington Post last week . `` He has directly tried to block efforts to fully understand [ students ' ] experiences in the service of making things better in schools in their district . ''
While on the school board , Collins resisted GLSEN 's efforts to make `` sexual orientation '' a protected category in the Winston-Salem/Forsyth County school system 's nondiscrimination policy and voted against allowing the school system to amend an annual parent-student survey to include new questions about bullying , racism , homophobia , sexism and discrimination against handicapped students .
In 2002 , Collins published a column advocating against the `` public endorsement of a homosexual union and homosexual sexual practices . ''
Equality NC , a pro-LGBT group , had called on McCrory to withdraw Collins ' nomination .
Crédito : Wendelin Jacober/Flickr
Em agosto de 2014 , um hacker abalou o mundo da segurança digital ao revelar os segredos da empresa Gamma Group , fabricante do spyware FinFisher e famosa por vender dados de espionagem a governos .
Em tom de brincadeira , o hacker se apelidou de Phineas Fisher , divulgou a invasão e provocou a empresa no Twitter . Ele também escreveu um guia detalhado de como violou a segurança – não para se gabar , segundo ele , mas para desmistificar a ideia do que faz um hacker e , com sorte , `` inspirar vocês a sair por aí hackeando coisas '' .
E aí Phineas Phisher desapareceu . Por quase um ano , seus perfis públicos ficaram em silêncio . Ao levar em conta que ele havia irritado uma empresa que vendia ferramentas para dezenas de governos e polícias em to-do o mundo , parecia ser uma atitude sensata .
`` Para hackers com consciência política , Phineas já é uma lenda . ''
Em 2015 , pouco menos de um ano depois , Phineas Fisher voltou com tudo . Ele invadiu os computadoresdo concorrente do Gamma , Hacking Team , outra empresa conhecida por vender spyware para governos questionáveis ao redor do mundo .
`` Gamma e [ Hacking Team ] já foram , faltam alguns outros : ) '' , ele tuitou .
Logo depois da invasão , ele provocou o Hacking Team usando a conta da própria empresa no Twitter e então , outra vez , desapareceu por meses , até o dia em que ele revelou como entrou no sistema do Hack Team . Uma vez mais , ele convocou outros a agir . `` Hackear é uma ferramenta poderosa . Vamos aprender e lutar ! `` , escreveu .
No Twitter , proclamou em seu perfil que `` nossos teclados são nossas armas . ''
Na semana passada , ele atingiu sua terceira vítima , a força de polícia catalã Mossos D'Esquadra . Acompanhando sua nova invasão , ele publicou um vídeo tutorial de 39 minutos , com canções anti-polícia na trilha sonora em que ele mostrava como conseguiu acesso aos dados .
Embora sua última vítima pareça um peixe pequeno comparado ao Finfisher e ao Hacking Team , ela é coerente com sua visão política de `` anarquista revolucionário '' e com seu objetivo maior de inspirar outros hackers ativistas a `` contra-hackear '' , como ele diz em seus tutoriais .
`` As coisas não precisam ser sempre grandes '' , Phineas Fisher me disse por e-mail . `` Eu queria dar um pequeno golpe no sistema , ensinar um pouco sobre como ser um hacker no vídeo e inspirar as pessoas a agir . ''
Seu plano pode muito bem estar funcionando . Com seus ataques raros , concentrados e quase `` cirúrgicos '' , Phineas Fisher tem grandes chances de inspirar uma nova geração de hackers ativistas e `` abrir o caminho para que outros hackers sigam seus passos '' , de acordo com Biela Coleman , uma professora da McGill University de Montreal , no Canadá , conhecida por seus estudos de hackers , ativismo hacker e Anonymous .
`` Para hackers com consciência política , Phineas já é uma lenda '' , me disse Coleman .
`` Não quero ser um hacker solitário enfrentando o sistema . Quero inspirar outros a agir de forma parecida . ''
Mustafa Al-Bassam , um pesquisador da área de segurança e ex-hacker do LulzSec , concorda e diz que `` a estratégia e a mensagem [ de Phineas ] se parecem com muitas operações anteriores do Anonymous , mas que é possível argumentar que ele foi mais eficiente fazendo tudo sozinho '' .
Phineas Fisher é `` um dos hackers mais inteligentes que já vi '' e `` uma das pessoas mais inspiradoras na comunidade de hackers ativistas nos últimos tempos – possivelmente de todos os tempos '' , me disse Al-Bassam num chat online .
Coleman disse que , ao contrário do Anonymous e de hackers inspirados no LulzSec , Phineas Fisher escolheu melhor seus alvos e justificou suas ações com opiniões políticas e éticas mais convincentes e sofisticadas . Para Coleman , o grande desafio do hacker agora é encontrar um ponto de equilíbrio entre sua necessidade de não ser pego e sua meta de inspirar outros a unir-se à causa .
Phineas Fisher , por sua vez , não parece ter pressa – embora esteja significativamente mais ativo online nas últimas semanas .
`` Aprender a hackear e se tornar bom nisso é algo que leva tempo '' , ele disse , revelando que se interessou no assunto pela primeira vez quando leu um artigo sobre o hacker do Anonymous e do LulzSec Jeremy Hammond , em 2012 . De qualquer forma , `` ainda é impossível saber '' se seu chamado para `` contra-hackear '' está funcionando e , na verdade , ele não quer criar um `` movimento formal '' ao estilo do Anonymous ou LulzSec .
`` Mas eu não quero ser um hacker solitário enfrentando o sistema '' , ele me disse . `` Quero inspirar outros a agir de forma parecida , e tentar oferecer informações para que eles aprendam como fazer isso. ``
Tradução : Danilo Venticinque
A Supreme Court of Newfoundland and Labrador jury has ruled that RNC Const . Carl Douglas Snelgrove is not guilty of sexual assault .
The verdict was delivered in a St. John 's courtroom Friday night , after a day and a half of deliberations .
Both Snelgrove and the complainant broke into tears immediately after the verdict was delivered .
Snelgrove , crying openly , was embraced by supporters who packed the public gallery , but said nothing publicly before leaving the courtroom .
The complainant was quickly led away .
Snelgrove , 38 , a 10-year veteran of the Royal Newfoundland Constabulary , was charged with sexually assaulting a woman shortly after giving them a ride home from downtown in a police cruiser in 2014 .
They were on duty and in uniform at the time .
The case hinged on whether the complainant , who was 21 at the time , had consented to sex or was in a position to consent .
Still suspended from RNC
Defence lawyer Randy Piercey told reporters that the trial has been very difficult for Snelgrove and their family .
`` They are just very relieved that it is over . I think it was a lawful and proper verdict , and now they have the opportunity to move on with their life , '' they said after leaving the courtroom .
`` He cried , they said , 'Thank you , ' and they hugged me . ''
The jury asked to hear the testimony of both the complainant and the accused Friday afternoon , a request granted by the judge .
They also asked Justice Valerie Marshall how to fill out the verdict sheets if they could n't agree on a verdict .
But ultimately , a verdict was delivered just before 7 p.m .
Const . Carl Snelgrove cries after hearing the not guilty verdict Friday evening . ( Garrett Barry/CBC )
Piercey said they are n't worried about the questions from the jury , but at one point thought a hung jury was possible .
Snelgrove testified during trial that the woman asked them for a ride while they were parked outside the courthouse lockup , invited them into their basement apartment and initiated sex .
The woman , who was 21 at the time they made their complaint , said the RNC constable offered them a ride after a night of drinking , and they can not remember agreeing to have sex .
The Crown has 30 days to appeal the not guilty verdict .
Protests downtown
Demonstrators gathered on the steps of the Supreme Court of Newfoundland and Labrador Trial Division on Duckworth Street following the demonstration .
About two dozen people were there at 9:30 , holding signs such as `` I believe her '' and `` too drunk to consent . ''
Melanie Lynch said the result was unacceptable .
Protests at a St. John 's court where a police officer was found not guilty of sexual assault < a href= '' https : //t.co/4yZTLznBr1 '' > https : //t.co/4yZTLznBr1 < /a > < br > < br > WARNING : Explicit text < a href= '' https : //t.co/4AbvuxdpS2 '' > pic.twitter.com/4AbvuxdpS2 < /a > — @ CBCNL
`` I think it 's absolutely disgusting the way our court system works . And I think it 's pretty despicable that this police officer walked free tonight . ''
`` There needs to be some justice done , I think . ''
Lynch suggested the case shows why women feel uncomfortable reporting sexual assaults to police .
Randy Piercey , Snelgrove 's defence lawyer , said that anyone who was going to `` cause an uproar '' over the trial 's verdict should `` come to the court and watch what actually happened . '' ( Glenn Payette/CBC )
Piercey told reporters after the verdict was delivered that they agreed with instructions the judge gave the jury , that `` mere drunkenness '' did not mean a person can not consent to having sex .
`` That 's clearly the law , yeah . I mean , if people got drunk and had sex and got charged with it — well , [ there 'd be ] a lot of charges coming , '' they said .
If you are going to cause an uproar , come to the court and watch what actually happened . - Randy Piercey
Piercey also had a challenge for people who have been critical on social media about the trial .
`` If you are going to cause an uproar , come to the court and watch what actually happened . ''
It is uncertain what 's next for the RNC officer , who was suspended without pay since charges were laid .
Royal Newfoundland Constabulary Chief Bill Janes said in a statement that Snelgrove would remain suspended until the RNC 's own complaints process is concluded . ( CBC )
In a statement following the verdict , RNC Chief William Janes said Snelgrove will continue to be suspended without pay until after the appeal period is over , and until the matter is addressed through the RNC Public Complaints Commission .
`` I want to assure the public that we do not tolerate inappropriate and unprofessional behaviour , '' James wrote .
`` We encourage any person who has been the victim of a sexual assault to come forward ; all complaints will be thoroughly investigated . ''
Hundreds of university students took to the streets of Halifax on Wednesday , calling on the provincial government to stop cutting funding to universities .
As part of a national day of action , students from Dalhousie , Saint Mary 's , King 's , Mount Saint Vincent and the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design universities carried signs reading `` Reduce Tuition Fees '' and `` Drop Student Debt '' as they rallied through downtown Halifax .
`` Students are fed up with the hypocrisy that our government has displayed , '' said Gabe Hoogers , the Nova Scotia representative of the Canadian Federation of Students .
`` Darrell Dexter , back in the day , used to support reducing tuition fees , reducing student debt . ''
As part of a government-wide effort to eliminate the provincial deficit , Nova Scotia 's New Democratic government is cutting base funding to post-secondary institutions for the second year in a row .
Universities are expected to respond with another tuition hike , leading to complaints that students will end up racking even higher debt .
`` Do you think Darrell Dexter graduated with $ 30,000 of debt ? '' said Chris Ferns , president of the Association of Nova Scotia University Teachers .
`` All we have is a government whose policies on post-secondary education are the worst we 've seen in nearly 20 years . ''
While hundreds of students rallied against the government 's actions , there was at least one student who had a different opinion .
`` I think that universities — and in some cases the debt that goes with it — is a necessary part of life , '' said Jake Rideout , an MBA student .
`` I think we 're all decision makers , we 're all mature adults and by the time we decide to go to school and if something costs money , well it 's your choice to take on that burden . ''
Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spyfinds George Smiley ( Gary Oldman ) , a recently retired MI6 agent , doing their best to adjust to a life outside the secret service . However , when a disgraced agent reappears with information concerning a mole at the heart of the service , Smiley is drawn back into the murky field of espionage . Tasked with investigating which of their trusted former colleagues has chosen to betray them and their country , Smiley narrows their search to four suspects - all experienced , skilled and successful agents - but past histories , rivalries and friendships make it far from easy to pinpoint the man who is eating away at the heart of the British establishment .
An acting masterclass from the crème de la crème of British film ( Colin Firth , Tom Hardy , Mark Strong , Benedict Cumberbatch ) and inspired direction from Let The Right One In 's Tomas Alfredson make this gripping and tense adaptation of John le Carré 's classic spy novel essential viewing .
Special Features :
Think about it : Robitaille , who would go on to become the highest-scoring left wing in NHL history , played on the same line at different times in 1994-95 with Jagr , who on Thursday passed Mark Messier for second place on the NHL all-time points list .
Their center was Ron Francis , who won the Selke Trophy and the Lady Byng Trophy that season and led the NHL in plus/minus . Mario Lemieux did not play that season because of health reasons .
Get it : Exclusive Jagr milestone tee
`` He ( Francis ) really took care of him , '' Robitaille said of Jagr . `` [ Jagr ] led the league in scoring that year and they were absolutely phenomenal . I think in Pittsburgh they did n't realize what they had because they had Mario .
`` Pittsburgh had two Stanley Cups , but Jagr was really young … They held the puck so long . It was a different game . You had more time to get open than you believed . ''
Video : 1992 Cup Final , Gm1 : Jaromir Jagr wo n't be denied
Robitaille had been traded from the Los Angeles Kings to the Penguins in July . With the Kings , they had scored more than 50 goals in a season three times , including a career-high 63 in 1992-93 , and reached the Stanley Cup Final in 1993 . Even so , they learned something from Jagr in their time together .
`` He was in the gym , '' Robitaille said . `` He was doing a lot of leg weights . They were so strong in the corners . I was learning from them from that standpoint . ''
At 50 , Robitaille is six years older than Jagr . They have been the Kings ' president of business operations since 2007 . Like many others in the hockey world , they are amazed by Jagr 's longevity .
`` Absolutely , this guy has taken a beating throughout their career , '' Robitaille said . `` Before all the hooking rules , this guy was getting hooked all the time . I never thought he 'd last this long and it 's amazing they have . Credit to him . ''
There were many glimpses of Jagr 's fun-loving spirit in those early Pittsburgh days . Robitaille remembered bringing their 6-year-old son Steven to a practice during the season they played with Jagr . After Jagr played a practical joke on Steven , father and son maneuvered to get revenge .
`` Because they had the long hair , ' Robitaille said with a laugh , `` we put baby powder in the hair dryer . ''
Probing for `` bends '' using a jeweler 's screwdriver and alligator clips
Circuit bending is the creative , chance-based customization of the circuits within electronic devices such as low-voltage , battery-powered guitar effects , children 's toys and digital synthesizers to create new musical or visual instruments and sound generators .
Emphasizing spontaneity and randomness , the techniques of circuit bending have been commonly associated with noise music , though many more conventional contemporary musicians and musical groups have been known to experiment with `` bent '' instruments . Circuit bending usually involves dismantling the machine and adding components such as switches and potentiometers that alter the circuit .
Experimental process [ edit ]
A 1989 Kawasaki toy guitar used in a circuit bending project
Circuit bending is experimenting with second-hand electronics in a DIY fashion . Inexpensive keyboards , drum machines , and electronic children 's toys ( not necessarily designed for music production ) are commonly used . Typically , this is done with battery-powered devices . Random modifications to devices plugged into the wall can result in fire or electrocution .
Aesthetic value , immediate usability and highly randomized results are often factors in the process of successfully `` bending '' electronics . Although the history of electronic music is often associated with unconventional sonic results , innovators like Robert Moog [ 1 ] and Léon Theremin [ 2 ] were electrical engineers , and were typically more concerned with the consistency of their instruments . In contrast , circuit bending is typified by inconsistencies in instruments built in an unscientific manner . While many pre-fitted circuit bent machines are sold on auction sites such as eBay , this somewhat contravenes the intention of most practitioners . Machines bent to a repeated configuration are more analogous to the well known practice of `` mods '' , such as the Devilfish mod for the Roland TB-303 , the famous Speak & Spell toys or various Analogman or Pedaldoc guitar pedal circuit modifications .
Circuit bending an audio device typically involves removing the rear panel of the device and connecting any two circuit locations with a `` jumper '' wire , sending current from one part of the circuit into another . Results are monitored through either the device 's internal speaker or by connecting an amplifier to the speaker output . If an interesting effect is achieved , this connection would be marked for future reference or kept active by either soldering a new connection or bridging it with crocodile clips . Often other components are inserted at these points such as pushbuttons or switches , to turn the effect on or off ; or components such as resistors or capacitors , to change the quality of the audio output . This is repeated on a trial and error basis . Other components added into the circuit can give the performer more expressiveness , such as potentiometers , photoresistors ( for reaction to light ) and pressure sensors .
A Yamaha PSR-6 used in a circuit bending project .
The simplest input , and the one most identified with circuit bending , is the body contact , [ 3 ] where the performer 's touch causes the circuit to change the sound . Often metal knobs , plates , screws or studs are wired to these circuit points to give easier access to these points from the outside the case of the device .
Since creative experimentation [ 4 ] is a key element to the practice of circuit bending , there is always a possibility that short circuiting may yield undesirable results , including component failure . In particular , connecting the power supply or a capacitor directly to a computer chip lead can destroy the chip and make the device inoperable . Before beginning to do circuit bending , a person should learn the basic risk factors about working with electrical and electronic products , including how to identify capacitors ( which can give a person a serious shock due to the electrical charge that they store ) , and how to avoid risks with AC power . For safety reasons , a circuit bender should have a few basic electronics tools , such as a multimeter ( an electronic testing device which measures voltage , resistance and other factors ) . It is advised that beginner circuit benders should never `` bend '' any device that gets its power from mains electricity ( household AC power ) , as this would carry a serious risk of electrocution . Circuit bending can also be carried out in interactive electronic audio games . People modify their electronic games to enhance the quality of recordings used for fan-made projects or to change the speed of the game which results in a pitch change . This makes the gameplay easier , especially if the game gets impossibly fast . Adding a knob or a switch to change the pitch of the game can lead to some disadvantages which include the game can change its pitch slightly when its lights are turned on , and it can cause the batteries to drain out quickly on high speeds .
Innovators [ edit ]
Although similar methods were previously used by other musicians and engineers , this method of music creation is believed to have been pioneered by Reed Ghazala in the 1960s . Ghazala 's experience with circuit-bending began in 1966 when a toy transistor amplifier , by chance , shorted-out against a metal object in their desk drawer , resulting in a stream of unusual sounds . [ 5 ] While Ghazala says that they were not the first circuit bender , they coined the term Circuit Bending [ 6 ] and whole-heartedly promoted the proliferation of the concept and practice through their writings and internet site , earning them the title `` Father of Circuit Bending '' .
Serge Tcherepnin , designer of the Serge modular synthesizers , discussed [ 7 ] their early experiments in the 1950s with the transistor radio , in which they found sensitive circuit points in those simple electronic devices and brought them out to `` body contacts '' on the plastic chassis . Prior to Mark 's and Reed 's experiments other pioneers also explored the body-contact idea , one of the earliest being Thaddeus Cahill ( 1897 ) whose telharmonium , it is reported , was also touch-sensitive .
Since 1984 , Swiss duo Voice Crack created music by manipulating common electronic devices in a practice they termed `` cracked everyday electronics '' . [ 8 ]
The city of Chicago is host to a longtime community of circuit bending innovation , including the performance/teaching duo Roth Mobot [ 9 ] who introduced such techniques as the voltage starving Waldeck Interruptor [ 10 ] and were nominated for Prix Ars Electronica 's Digital Communities award in 2008 . [ 11 ] Roth Mobot 's Patrick McCarthy hosted a long-running circuit bending class at the Old Town School of Folk Music , [ 12 ] and currently runs the Museum of Science and Industry 's Fab Lab , incorporating digital fabrication techniques alongside creative circuitry experimentation . [ 13 ] Other prominent local innovators include Chicago Art Institute professor Nicolas Collins , author of the influential text Handmade Electronic Music , [ 14 ] as well as Alex Inglizian , chief engineer at Experimental Sound Studio . [ 15 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Alexandre Marino Fernandez , Fernando Iazzetta , Circuit-Bending and DIY Culture
“ I remember when I was growing up , the rule was , ‘ Do n't call anyone after 10 p.m. , ' ” Mr. Adler said . “ Now the rule is , ‘ Do n't call anyone . Ever . ' ”
Phone calls are rude . Intrusive . Awkward . “ Thank you for noticing something that millions of people have failed to notice since the invention of the telephone until just now , ” Judith Martin , a k a Miss Manners , said by way of opening our phone conversation . “ I 've been hammering away at this for decades . The telephone has a very rude propensity to interrupt people . ”
Though the beast has been somewhat tamed by voice mail and caller ID , the phone caller still insists , Ms. Martin explained , “ that we should drop whatever we 're doing and listen to me . ”
Even at work , where people once managed to look busy by wearing a headset or constantly parrying calls back and forth via a harried assistant , the offices are silent . The reasons are multifold . Nobody has assistants anymore to handle telecommunications . And in today 's nearly door-free workplaces , unless everyone is on the phone , calls are disruptive and , in a tight warren of cubicles , distressingly public . Does anyone want to hear me detail to the dentist the havoc six-year molars have wreaked on my daughter ?
“ When I walk around the office , nobody is on the phone , ” said Jonathan Burnham , senior vice president and publisher at HarperCollins . The nature of the rare business call has also changed . “ Phone calls used to be everything : serious , light , heavy , funny , ” Mr. Burnham said . “ But now they tend to be things that are very focused . And almost everyone e-mails first and asks , ‘ Is it O.K . if I call ? ' ”
Even in fields where workers of various stripes ( publicists , agents , salespeople ) traditionally conducted much of their business by phone , hoping to catch a coveted decision-maker off-guard or in a down moment , the phone stays on the hook . When Matthew Ballast , an executive director for publicity at Grand Central Publishing , began working in book publicity 12 years ago , they would go down their list of people to cold call , then follow-up two or three times , also by phone . “ I remember five years ago , I had a pad with a list of calls I had to return , ” they said . Now , they talk by phone two or three times a day .
“ You pretty much call people on the phone when you do n't understand their e-mail , ” they said .
Phone call appointments have become common in the workplace . Without them , there 's no guarantee your call will be returned . “ Only people I 've ruthlessly hounded call me back , ” said Mary Roach , author of “ Packing for Mars. ” Writers and others who work alone can find the silence isolating . “ But if I called my editor and agent every time I wanted to chat , I think they 'd say , ‘ Oh no , Mary Roach is calling again . ' So I 've pulled back , just like everyone else . ”
Photo
Whereas people once received and made calls with friends on a regular basis , we now coordinate such events via e-mail or text . When college roommates used to call ( at least two reunions ago ) , I would welcome their vaguely familiar voices . Now , were one of them to call on a Tuesday evening , my first reaction would be alarm . Phone calls from anyone other than immediate family tend to signal bad news .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Receiving calls on the cellphone can be a particular annoyance . First , there 's the assumption that you 're carrying the thing at all times . For those in homes with stairs , the cellphone siren can send a person scrambling up and down flights of steps in desperate pursuit . Having the cellphone in hand does n't necessarily lessen the burden . After all , someone might actually be using the phone : someone who is in the middle of scrolling through a Facebook photo album . Someone who is playing Cut the Rope . Someone who is in the process of painstakingly touch-tapping an important e-mail .
For the most part , assiduous commenting on a friend 's Facebook updates and periodically e-mailing promises to “ catch up by phone soon ” substitute for actual conversation . With friends who merit face time , arrangements are carried out via electronic transmission . “ We do everything by text and e-mail , ” said Laurie David , a Hollywood producer and author . “ It would be strange at this point to try figuring all that out by phone . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Of course , immediate family members still phone occasionally . “ It 's useful for catching up on parenting issues with your ex-husband , ” said Ms. David , who used to be married to Larry David , the star of “ Curb Your Enthusiasm. ” “ Sometimes when you do n't want to type it all , it 's just easier to talk . ”
But even sons , husbands and daughters do n't always want to chat . In our text-heavy world , mothers report yearning for the sound of their teenage and adult children 's voices . “ I 'm sort of missing the phone , ” said Lisa Birnbach , author of “ True Prep ” and mother of three teenagers . “ It 's warmer and more honest . ”
That said , their landline “ has become a kind of vestigial part of my house like the intercom buttons once used in my prewar building to contact the ‘ servants quarters . ' ” When the phone rings , 9 times out of 10 , it 's their mother .
There are holdouts . Radhika Jones , an assistant managing editor at Time magazine , still has a core group of friends they talk to by phone . “ I 've always been a big phone hound , ” they said . “ My parents can tell you about the days before call waiting. ” Yet even they have slipped into new habits : Voice mails from their husband may not get listened to until end of day . Phone messages are returned by e-mail . “ At least you 're responding ! ”
But heaven forbid you actually have to listen — especially to voice mail . The standard “ let the audience know this person is a loser ” scene in movies where the forlorn hero returns from a night of cat-sitting to an answering machine that bleats “ you have no messages ” would cause confusion with contemporary viewers . Who does n't heave a huge sigh of relief to find there 's no voice mail ? Is it worth punching in a protracted series of codes and passwords to listen to some three-hour-old voice say , “ call me ” when you could glance at caller ID and return the call — or better yet , e-mail back instead ?
Many people do n't even know how their voice mail works . “ I 've lost that skill , ” Ms. Birnbach said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ I have no idea how to check it , ” Ms. David admitted . “ I can stay in a hotel for three days with that little red light blinking and never listen . I figure , if someone needs to reach me , they 'll e-mail . ”
“ I do n't check these messages often , ” intoned a discouraging recorded voice , urging callers to try e-mail . And this is the voice-mail recording of Claude S. Fischer , author of a book on the history of the telephone and more recently , “ Still Connected : Family and Friends in America Since 1970 . ”
“ When the telephone first appeared , there were all kinds of etiquette issues over whom to call and who should answer and how , ” Dr. Fischer , a sociology professor at the University of California , Berkeley , told me when finally reached by phone . Among the upper classes , for example , it was thought that the butler should answer calls . For a long time , inviting a person to dinner by telephone was beyond the pale ; later , the rules softened and it was O.K . to call to ask someone to lunch .
Telephones were first sold exclusively for business purposes and only later as a kind of practical device for the home . Husbands could phone wives when traveling on business , and wives could order their groceries delivered . Almost immediately , however , people began using the telephone for social interactions . “ The phone companies tried to stop that for about 30 years because it was considered improper usage , ” Dr. Fischer said .
We may be returning to the phone 's original intentions — and impact . “ I can tell you exactly the last time someone picked up the phone when I called , ” Mary Roach said . “ It was two months ago and I said : ‘ Whoa ! You answered your phone ! ' It was a P.R . person . They said , ‘ Yeah , I like to answer the phone . ' ” Both were startled to be voice-to-voice with another unknown , unseen human being .
Editor 's note : Dries Buytaert is the co-founder and CTO of Acquia and the inventor of Drupal .
Here is one idea that arrived before its time : the push-based web , where information comes to us , versus the search-dominant web we 're most familiar with . Those who are looking at the push web in the context of a new mobile and connected device-centric world might be having a real 90s flashback ( remember PointCast ? ) , except this time the push web could take off and transform the economy as we know it .
With devices like Apple Watch shipping without a Safari browser , we 'll have to rely on highly personal bits of incoming relevant information . And now that companies can collect enough data from our ever-present devices , they have the opportunity to master one-to-one communications .
This Time , It 's Personal
We 're witnessing the slow decline of industries that fail to cater to the individual . The first real disruptors in this vein were aggregators : sites like Facebook that created a single destination and curated content that mattered to an individual . Publishers like The New York Times clearly felt the pain of Facebook 's disintermediation of their news , even recently giving Facebook first-mover rights on articles before publishing on The New York Times website .
The real reason Facebook may be winning over traditional publishers is this one-to-one understanding of the consumer , or the ability to tailor what people see in their newsfeeds to their personal interests . Few , if any , traditional publishers have mastered this dynamic . Beyond publishing , other mainstays ranging from malls to record stores have experienced similar fallout from aggregators and personal algorithms ( think about the customization achieved through the Spotify or Pandora effect ) .
In order for companies to survive in this new custom-everything world , they need to both co-exist with current aggregators and harness the data they collect within their own user platform to get direct , one-to-one connections to their customers . Rather than rely solely on the few successful , third-party power aggregators like Facebook , for the sake of fair competition , companies should invest in retaining control over their own data and customer experiences . From there , any connected device can serve as a conduit for one-to-one communications . The smaller the screen and more personal the customer experience , the more opportunity there is for the push web to thrive .
Data-Driven : Well…Almost
While the idea of data-driven decisions has been talked about a lot , very few companies are doing it well . As a frequent flyer , I 'm regularly frustrated by how little the airline and hotel industry knows about me . In a perfect world , if my flight from Boston to San Francisco is canceled because of weather , the airline 's partner hotel chain should know and push a room recommendation as a notification to my iPhone .
Google Now has taken the idea of live information pushed through cards and delivered it directly to the consumer . I envision a near future where this concept will be applied across many different industries , eliminating the friction from basic tasks like shopping for a birthday gift . Right now , if I see that my friend has a birthday on Facebook , I might spend hours searching for the perfect gift for them
In the future , my phone might know what types of gift this particular friend prefers and proactively push a card of recommendations to my phone 's home screen 10 days before their birthday . With just a few clicks , I can get that gift delivered , gift-wrapped , to their doorstep . The implications of this idea are much larger than just convenient shopping ; it could mean gaining hours of personal productivity per day that were once spent searching the web with browsers .
A Smarter Economy
These one-to-one interactions and deep understanding of individuals wo n't be limited to the consumer experience — it could also disrupt production of goods . Today , we try to anticipate consumer demand and create mass amounts of products that are pushed to the market via global distribution channels and marketing . A push economy could mean an end to standardized products and the introduction of highly customized goods and services , produced on-demand and delivered to consumers .
Take shoes for example . A customer could buy a pair of running shoes equipped with sensors to gather data about the condition of the shoes and the habits of the runner . That connected shoe will communicate with the apparel manufacturer to notify the brand when the sneakers are worn out and the owner is in need of a new pair . From there , the company could reach out to the customer reminding them to buy new shoes and directing them to a relevant sale . Or , to take it a step further , the company could analyze the consumer 's stride , cross-reference it with the time it took for the shoe to wear out , and create a custom shoe specific to that person 's running style and habits .
It 's a huge opportunity to customize goods and minimize waste . Furthermore , traditional online and offline retailers could face a real threat , as the one-to-one relationship between brands and consumers jumps over middlemen . This level of personalization may even signal a return to our pre-Industrial Revolution roots , where goods were always tailor-made for individuals based on personal preferences , sizes and more .
We 're creeping closer and closer to a fully realized Internet where we do n't need to search for information ; it will come to us . ( One sign of the “ pull-web-pocalypse ” : formerly popular browsers are shuttering . ) To adapt , companies need to recognize that the opportunity is far more vast than it was in the 90s . A combination of new user platforms , the ability to act on data , and new devices are the perfect storm it will take to make the push web work in 2015 and beyond .
Welcome back to Tstops .
A few weeks ago , halfway through Nigel Stanford 's Follow up to the Cymatics Music video , I had a problem . The shoot involved nearly continuous motion control setups on a Gazelle MoCo rig . We were shooting nearly blind because of it . Let me give a bit more background on the problem . The Gazelle , pictured below , is a large motor controlled robotic dolly with a motor boom arm and three axis motor head attached . It is capable of amazing things , but framing a shot is not the easiest thing in the world . The Gazelle is tethered to an archaic floppy disk driven PC running DOS , and it 's position and movements are essentially a series of coordinates fed into the machine . Our Operator , as patient as a saint , would have to manually move the camera attached to the Gazelle around with what looks like an industrial control remote . Think , WWII radio phone with several buttons and a thick cable tethering to the Gazelle . In order to find a frame we had to painstakingly move the dolly , then the boom , then the head , decide on the lens , then find the exact frame . It was slow , agonizing and considering our tight schedule , meant precious time was being wasted .
We needed to find the frame faster . The best solution is the director 's finder . I can quickly take a lens , throw it on , and frame up the shot exactly where I want it . The best part is that you can do it with the lens in question ; then see the DOF , geometry and necessary camera height immediately . All without moving a camera or distracting the operator and AC 's from prepping the rig for the next shot . Often times a director 's finder are rare on set , especally with the shrinking budgets these days , it 's a tough fight to get one for a week , if the rental house even carries one at all… When it does , it 's often huge , heavy and PL only . Often film equipment is built to survive a war , and it shows when you see how immensely they are built . To complicate the matter further , not every shoot is on PL lenses these days . ( This one was , but just for arguments sake )
It is a piece of kit that I deem mandatory from now on . They save incredible amounts of time , energy and in turn , save money for the production and helps keep intact the backs of your crew . I looked into purchasing one , but not shockingly the prices of even used PL finders are astronomical , anywhere between $ 3,000 and $ 7,000 dollars . There had to be some solution that had all the abilities of bigger finder without the size or costs involved . So… I set out to build my own . With the plethora of S35 ( APSC ) cameras out there these days a solution had to be at hand . I priortized affordability because lets face it , no one will rent a homemade viewfinder no matter how necessary , or liked it is when it actually on set . So it needs to be as good as possible , but also as affordable as possible . It had to be flexible in what lenses were useable . Meaning interchangeable mounts . This eliminated Canon DSLRs immediately , no PL ability . I really wanted a tiny tiny device . Something I would actually carry to work with me . I did a bit of research and this is what I came up with .
Homemade , but damn good . There is a surprising benefit to using an all digital director 's finder , I can set the shutter speed and ISO to match my main camera so not only can I see the shot , but I can get a rough idea on how the light will look , plus snapping stills or a quick video clip means I can reference the shot later when fine tuning the position of the A camera . I will list the parts below if you should choose to make one yourself . Its a Sony a5000 Emount advanced point and shoot photo camera , a PL to Emount adapter by Metabones and a simple pistol grip . I also got a smart EF to Emount adapter should I need to go with Rokinons , Canon CNE 's or Zeiss CP2 lenses in EF mount . The a5000 was the best choice for me , as I was able to find a good condition used one on Ebay .
The parts :
The Camera : Sony a5000 ( I got a used one ~ $ 160 )
I went with the older model , as they are easier to find used on Ebay , there is a newer A6000 available . This camera is APS-C sensor , and damn close to S35 frame size . It matches most high end and middle level Cine cameras with relative accuracy . It offers 16:9 frame and is manually controllable for Iris , ISO and shutter speed . It also has an articulating screen so you can frame low to the ground , and tilt the screen up flat . I recommend a few spare batteries . In live view , it goes through them relatively quickly . Two batteries last about a day of framing between takes . The camera also takes SD cards of which I had 20 lying around . I 'm sure you do too .
The mounts :
PL : Metabones PL to E Mount ~ $ 370 – Since there would be potentially $ 30,000 lenses hanging of this thing , I wanted to opt for the best PL adapter I could get . No use if the lens falls off… ..
EF : Commlite Autofocus/IS EF to E mount Smart Adapter ~ $ 79.00 – While the Commlite is not a mainstream brand the quality is quite good , it locks in tight and has fully functional , IS , AF and Iris all work perfectly with EF lenses .
The pistol Grip : Barska ACCU-Grip , ~ $ 15.00 – Surprisingly inexpensive , but not too bad . That said , i 'd always two hand the system when a costly lens is mounted . Very light . That said , I just found this : $ 15 also , but made of aluminum Opteka Aluminum Hand grip
All in , it ran about $ 700 with shipping/Tax . Not exactly cheap , but it does have a few perks to help justify it . I now own a PL to Emount adapter ( helllllllo A7s ! ! ! ! ! ) , I now own a good EF to Emount adapter ( helllllo A7RII ! ! ! ! ) and I also now have a small , feather light point and shoot sized camera that can take great glass , and has nearly DSLR quality . I took the following photo with it at a family function couple weeks ago… its image quality is rather stunning for such a small camera .
All in all , its not an interchangeable ground glass $ 7,000 ARRI viewfinder that shows EXACTLY the frame your gate is set to… It 's just meant to get you close , and fast . With the speed we shoot nowadays its critical . It saved me on the MoCo shoot , as I could just set a frame , show the operator the exact shot , and get to where we need to be in one quarter the time . This goes for any shoot you will ever do on Steadicam , MOVI , Dolley , even a heavy camera on sticks . Remember , just for finding a frame , using a Canon Zoom that covers your primes focal ranges counts . A mm is a mm is a mm . For the projects where the budget allows , yes a ground glass viewfinder with true frame guides is best , but to have the same ability to move fast can be very useful for any production big or small .
Thank you for reading !
Follow me on Instagram , or Twitter for more images and stories from set !
-Timur
The news just went from bad to worse at CNN . After the cable news network delivered its lowest-rated month in total viewers in over a decade in April , May became CNN 's worst month in primetime among total viewers in over 20 years . From April 30 to May 27 , the cable news network attracted an average of 389,000 viewers in primetime . It was also CNN 's second-lowest-rated month in primetime among the 25-54 demographic ( 114,000 ) since October 1991 . Only May 2000 , with 104,000 viewers in the demo , did worse . Piers Morgan Tonight received the lowest total viewer and 25-54 demo numbers that CNN has had in the 9 PM time slot in two decades . The interview show got only 417,000 total viewers and 117,000 among the 25-54 demographic . At 7 PM , Erin Burnett , another relative CNN newcomer , had the lowest 25-54 demo numbers in 20 years in the time slot for the network and the second lowest after June 2001 , in two decades in terms of total viewership . Burnett 's show attracted just 89,000 viewers in the 25-54 demo from April 30 to May 27 . The latest numbers follow CNN hitting its lowest-rated weekday primetime in 20 years during the week of May 14-18 .
Related : CNN Will Add Chef Anthony Bourdain To 2013 Weekend Programming Recipe
President Thomas Jefferson long ago offered a salient if sour lament about members of the Supreme Court : `` They never retire , and they rarely die . ''
So a vacancy in Washington 's most exclusive club is a time for political opportunity and obstacle . It is also something President-elect Donald Trump must confront in their first 100 days in office as they work to replace the late conservative icon Justice Antonin Scalia .
Sources close to the process say the president-elect is getting close to naming a nominee . They said on Fox News ' `` Hannity '' last week that they were `` down to probably three or four '' candidates and an announcement would come `` pretty soon . ''
`` They are terrific people , '' they added . '' `` Highly respected , brilliant people . ''
A formal nomination would come after the inauguration . But how successfully Trump and their GOP allies can navigate the confirmation process in the first hectic days of their presidency will depend on how much political air it sucks up , amid other pressing personnel and legislative priorities .
Democrats in the Senate -- where confirmation will take place -- have vowed to strongly oppose anyone who does not meet their definition of a `` mainstream '' judge .
`` We 'll give it just a very , very thorough vetting , but we wo n't ipso facto say no , '' Charles Schumer , D-NY , the incoming Senate minority leader , told `` Fox News Sunday . '' `` If it 's out of the mainstream , yes , we 're going to fight that nominee tooth and nail . ''
And conservative voters and activists will be watching .
`` All the evangelicals that voted them because of the issue of judges and the Supreme Court are going to be looking with laser focus on this appointment to the Supreme Court , '' said Kelly Shackelford , president of First Liberty Institute , a law firm focused on defending religious liberty .
The new justice - the country 's 113th - will need to immerse themselves or themselves in the day-to-day grind of deciding cases big and small , where people of often ordinary means and motives come to argue their case .
People like Gavin Grimm , an extraordinarily bright and poised 17-year-old from Gloucester , Virginia .
The Supreme Court will take up transgender rights for the first time in the case of a school board that wants to keep Grimm from using the boys ' bathroom at their high school .
The case is the hottest of the many hot-button issues that will come before the court this term .
The justices -- with either eight or nine members -- will hear this appeal next spring , but the senior , who was born female but identifies as a male , is not able to use the boys ' restroom in the meantime .
Grimm is backed by the Obama administration in their argument that the policy violates Title IX , a federal law that bars sex discrimination in schools .
`` A personal feeling about someone not liking them for whatever reason is not a basis to kick someone out of the public school life or any aspect of it , '' Grimm told Fox News ' Chief Legal Correspondent Shannon Bream . `` My high school experience has been frankly ruined by this situation . ''
It is an issue percolating in school districts around the country .
An Illinois group called Students and Parents for Privacy filed a federal lawsuit over the same concerns in Virginia .
Vicki Wilson , a co-founder of the grassroots group , said some students have resorted to wearing their gym clothes underneath their school clothes , so they do not have to disrobe in the locker rooms .
The Obama administration has sued North Carolina over a state law aimed at restricting transgender students to bathrooms that correspond to their biological genders .
A federal judge in Texas has sided with Texas and 12 other states in issuing a nationwide hold on the Obama administration 's directive to public schools , issued in May . The directive tells schools to allow transgender students to use the bathroom and locker room consistent with their gender identity .
One concern for the LGBT community : A President Trump could quickly rescind their predecessor 's executive order , perhaps making the Grimm appeal moot -- for now .
The transgender petition is just one of several closely-watched cases that could soon reach the newly-configured court . Issues quickly moving up the judicial food chain include campaign finance reform , gun restrictions , voter ID laws , health care reform , abortion access , and more religious freedom disputes .
Activists on both sides of the political aisle know the person in the White House can have a dramatic effect on shaping the entire federal judiciary and the 866 life-tenured judges and justices . Progressives disappointed at Hillary Clinton 's loss are comforted by Obama 's success helping restore ideological balance to the federal courts that had been dominated for decades by Republican appointees .
Trump can now shift the benches again , particularly the shaky 4-4 conservative/liberal split on the high court . They told Fox News in late October -- before their victory -- they could possibly get five Supreme Court vacancies to fill .
But the number can be elusive . President Eisenhower was able to appoint five justices ; Nixon and Reagan four apiece ; Bush 41 , Clinton , Bush 43 , and Obama each had two . Jimmy Carter got none .
`` We 're waiting along with the rest of country to see who is nominated , '' said James Esseks , director of the ACLU 's Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender and AIDS Project . The group is representing Grimm in their Supreme Court appeal . `` Look , I have immense confidence in our judicial system -- and in the ability of justices of whatever background to look at the facts of the case and understand the principles that animate our civil rights laws and to come to a good decision . ''
Conservatives agree , to some extent , but a `` good decision '' in their view would one favoring school boards .
This column made possible by SkydFund 2015 and your generous support !
At WUCC in Lecco , I had what ended up being a defining conversation of my 2015 college coaching season . Jay Drescher , a Drag'n Thrust teammate , is a kindred spirit . We 're similar in how we work , how we play , and how we carry ourselves . As we spoke , we outlined what we bring to our team and how it translates to how we carry ourselves on the field . I referred to my intangible quality as “ D-Line Swag ” because any offensive firepower or spark I have is fueled by my defensive mindset . If I mess up on O , I gain my confidence back by playing D. All my swagger comes from my defensive game .
Why is this relevant to coaching ? Last season Bella Donna struggled to find their team swagger . I felt like I had to convince them that they were good enough . It was like they did n't believe they could ball like the other great teams we matched up against . I caught glimpses throughout the year—at Centex against Texas , in Regionals against Iowa State—but by the time it seemed like they finally believed in what they brought to the table , the season was over .
This season , the team is even younger than last year , and my love for them is growing by the second . I want all of these women to become great players like the club studs that I admire . It seems all these great players understand their weaknesses , strengths and own them when it comes to game time . I feel a responsibility to help show the members of Bella Donna that each of them has their own version of “ D-Line Swag , ” and this fits into this greater team identity they are forming .
Other teams seem to have the opposite problem : they have way too much confidence that they lose the drive to work hard , developing a sense of entitlement to win over so-called “ lesser opponents. ” In all honesty , these issues are related in the sense that you need to have confidence in yourself and teammates , but not morph into a superiority complex monster . As a leader the struggle is how to lead your team while maintaining that fine line .
Months after my initial conversation with Jay , the topic comes up more times than I can count in the Wiseman household . What exactly is “ swagger ” and how does it differ from other related ideas like arrogance or entitlement , and why does it matter to an ultimate player and team ?
To many , swagger can be interpreted as cockiness or a feeling of superiority . Having swagger does not mean that you overlook your opponent . The key is to feel confident in your abilities , put that within the frame of your opponent 's strengths and understand when to use your strengths to help your team . If you do not acknowledge or respect your opponent 's strengths , you will let pride get in the way of your individual and team 's success .
If you want to be the best player you can be on a team , you need to understand what you bring to the table . Over the years , I had the privilege of playing with Sara Scott , who was one of the best teammates I have ever had . Do they know what they bring to the table ? Absolutely . They know they have a powerful , accurate forehand huck . They know how to get open for an under with a variety of moves and works hard in the weight room to develop explosiveness and power . They keep a level head and calm composure no matter the score or situation . She 'll call themselves as a primary cutter in a pull play ; if the throw does n't work out , they will try it again with some adjustments without second guessing their abilities if the opportunity arises again .
Does knowing that their throws are dominant make them cocky ? No . On the contrary . They respect their opponents and learns their strengths quickly because they do not want to play to them . They understand that their skillset gives them a role on the team , owns it , and does it to the best of their ability . In fact , they are an incredibly humble , hard-working , fantastic teammate . Knowing what their skillset is just makes them an even more valuable asset .
As a team , having a culture that builds from individual swagger is invaluable . When Carleton-Eclipse won the Women 's Division-III College Championship in 2011 , they built their whole season around the mantra “ Find Your Swagger. ” They fostered an environment where everyone could recognize their strengths and place them into appropriate roles that allowed them to flourish . What should be a simple concept really offers a challenge to a lot of teams : Eclipse 's collective success was a reflection of the confidence they felt in themselves and the confidence they felt that every player was in a position to succeed . They had individual swagger and a team culture that embodied all of these personal versions of “ D-Line Swag . ”
Finding your individual and team swagger is important to your team 's success regardless of the level you and your team are at . Whether your goal is making Regionals , recruiting 10 players , having regular team workouts for the first time , or winning a national championship , figuring out what defines your team 's swagger and wearing it on your sleeve helps to drive your team 's success .
A second part of Robyn 's D-Line Swag series will outline the path to finding your individual and team swagger .
You 'd think that with an organization as strong and experienced as the National Hockey League , they 'd know a thing or two about getting a new team 's full infrastructure in place before making a huge announcement .
In mid-2016 , after years of speculation and rumour , the NHL revealed that its newest franchise would launch in Las Vegas in time for the 2017-18 season . With a clever nod to the glitzy nightlife of Sin City , the league had decided to name the team the Las Vegas Golden Knights .
A good , catchy name .
But , the team did n't apply for trademark protection in the United States for the name and logo until a few weeks after the expansion had been revealed , and had it rejected by the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) . The USPTO could not approve the trademark because the name was too similar to the Golden Knights trademark owned by the College of Saint Rose in Albany , N.Y. , and both are used or proposed to be used in association with sports entertainment . ( As of this writing , the trademark application is pending review in Canada with CIPO , the Canadian Intellectual Property Office ) .
Though the league has no plans to change the team 's name , it can appeal to the USPTO . But the entire experience illustrates the importance of choosing strong trademarks and getting them registered and protected , regardless of the size or profile of the applicant or mark .
In Canada , one of the primary benefits of getting a trademark registered is that the trademark owner will be able to enforce its trademark rights anywhere in the country . Many startups wrongly assume they do n't need to devote scarce resources to trademark applications since their marks are not yet necessarily worth protecting . However , those unregistered trademark owners in , say , Toronto , inevitably find they can not do much about a similar trademark being used in , say , Calgary .
Further , trademark protection serves as part of a strong defence , not just an offence . I 've seen many trademark owners elect not to protect their trademarks , only to find themselves on the receiving end of a cease-and-desist letter from a party with possible priority rights to the trademark . A registered trademark would go a long way in mitigating against the possibilities of these disputes .
It is advisable to search for the availability of your trademark before you start using it . Trademark lawyers and agents can help you conduct searches of the CIPO database and other forums to confirm whether your trademark is likely to be denied , approved or opposed by a third party who might have prior rights to a similar or identical mark . Trademark law in Canada and the U.S. prohibits a trademark from getting registered if it is confusingly similar with another trademark . There are numerous legal elements that are considered in the determination of “ confusion , ” but whether the marks are similar based on their overall impressions is chief among them .
As for Golden Knights trademark dispute , the USPTO has taken the position that the general public might be confused into thinking that the NHL franchise 's team name is the same as that owned by the College of Saint Rose , which has prior rights to it .
The NHL may be banking on its unregistered Golden Knights trademarks achieving enough profile and notoriety that they will warrant unique protection despite not getting registered . This strategy is similar to the one expressed by the owners of the Washington Redskins when the USPTO decided in 2015 to cancel their trademarks for being offensive .
Whether the USPTO 's position will hold up in the United States ( and what the fate of the Canadian trademarks applications are ) remains to be seen , but the situation should be viewed by trademark owners and prospective trademark owners as a warning about not taking proactive steps to get trademarks registered . The longer an unregistered trademark is in use , the more it will cost to go through a rebranding .
Chad Finkelstein is a franchise lawyer and registered trademark agent at Dale & Lessmann LLP ( www.dalelessmann.com ) in Toronto .
cfinkelstein @ dalelessmann.com
Twitter.com/ @ ChadFinkelstein
Ever since I discovered “ 00 ” flour , I 've been smitten with the way it produces a perfectly soft and silky dough every single time I use it . So when I came across this fabulous pizza dough recipe that called for “ 00 ” flour , I knew I wanted to try it , and decided I 'd use it make calzones . After I kneaded the dough , I placed it on top of one of our radiators for about an hour , which allowed it to double in size perfectly .
When I initially formed and stuffed these , they were a bit imperfect and lopsided , but came out of the oven looking really rustic and beautiful . One of the best parts about making these was the aroma that 's emitted during the baking time , which lingered throughout our house through the following morning . ( It was kind of nice to wake up once or twice during the early morning hours and inhale a strong and bready aroma each time . )
And these taste fabulous : the rich vegan cheese and sausage kind of melt into the other components here during the baking time , and slicing into it reveals an amazing array of flavors and textures . I was surprised at how easy these were to make , and how close they tasted to the calzones I used to order many years ago at restaurants . Although I used leftover homemade vegan sausage and cheese to stuff these , prepared Field Roast sausage and Daiya or Follow Your Heart cheese would work nicely here as well .
Can we address the `` waste of a WTF is '' video accusation that seems to pop up everytime I do a game I do n't like ? Dismiss the idea immediately that WTF is has been or will ever be a recommendations series . The process is simple . I see a game that looks interesting for some reason or another , I play it and then I give my opinion . I move onto the next game . If a game ends up being poor , I do n't simply abandon it and move onto another one , I make the video regardless , because I assume that since I found the games premise interesting , otehr people also would . I 've already commited the time to making it at that point . The actual filming is what takes the least time , assuming I nail it first take , it 's the research on the title that takes the bulk of the time , so once that research is done , it would be extremely inefficient to toss all of that away . The idea that a WTF is video can be `` wasted '' on a title makes no sense , it assumes that instead of that video there would be another . No , there would not , there 'd either be that video or no video , especially right now when the time in which I can comfortably work is limited . Sometimes there 'll be bad games covered in WTF is , that 's how all criticism works , sometimes it 's gon na cover something bad . This is not a `` best games on Steam '' series . Thanks for your understanding and please stop making these silly accusations , it 's becoming a pet peeve .
There are times when Google completely baffles us by adding a feature that we did n't even remotely think could be possible , or needed , or useful . Like now for example , there 's a new Search bar when you visit the list of Assistant actions . How groundbreaking !
Whether you check the list by tapping the blue icon on the top right after launching Assistant , or by browsing in the Google Home app , you can see a new search bar on top . That lets you search through all the possible Assistant integrations , from first-party ones like Hue and SmartThings and Honeywell , to third-party services like Alarm.com , Logitech , Roomba , and more trivial things such as Number Genie , Knock Knock Who , and others . A search icon also shows up on the top right when you 're browsing different Assistant categories , so it 's always easy to look for something specific .
The search bar is visible from the Assistant ( left ) or the Home app ( right ) .
Finding what you 're looking for is now much , much simpler than scrolling through a long list like we had before or swiping through the card interface that we have now . It also improves discoverability . Search for `` light '' and you have all the potential services that can control your lights , or `` alarm , '' or `` sport , '' or `` recipe , '' and you have a list of options to explore .
Once you find a service you like , you can either try it if it does n't require an account or link your account to get started if it does , as usual . The search bar just makes discoverability so much better .
The search bar and icon are showing up on all our devices with Assistant , so this appears to be live for everyone now , though it could have started showing up earlier for some users .
NEW DELHI : Industrial production grew at a slower pace of 3.8 per cent in September , mainly due to subdued performance of the manufacturing sector coupled with contraction in output of consumer durables . Factory output measured in terms of the Index of Industrial Production ( IIP ) rose 5 per cent in September 2016 and 4.5 per cent in August this year , data released by the Central Statistics Office ( CSO ) showed today.According to the data , IIP grew at a meagre 2.5 per cent in April-September this fiscal compared to 5.8 per cent in the first half of 2016-17.In September , growth in the manufacturing sector , which accounts for 77.63 per cent of the index , slowed to 3.4 per cent , from 5.8 per cent a year earlier . During April- September , manufacturing grew at 1.9 per cent , down from 6.1 per cent in the same period last fiscal.Consumer durable goods output contracted by 4.8 per cent in September as against a growth of 10.3 per cent in the previous year . During the first half of this fiscal , the output of these goods declined by 1.5 per cent as against a growth of 6.9 per cent last year.Electricity generation growth slipped to 3.4 per cent in September compared to 5.1 per cent a year before . However , mining recorded a growth of 7.9 per cent in the month under review as against a contraction of 1.2 per cent a year ago.According to the use-based classification , growth rates in September 2017 came in at 6.6 per cent for primary goods , 7.4 per cent for capital goods , 1.9 per cent for intermediate goods and 0.5 per cent for infrastructure/construction goods compared to the previous year.The consumer non-durable segment has recorded a growth of 10 per cent.In terms of industries , 11 out of 23 industry groups in the manufacturing sector have shown positive growth in September 2017 as against the previous year .
The judge said : `` The manner in which the defendant killed their victims in this case was truly horrific .
`` Although the murder weapons have never been found the evidence including the pathology evidence is consistent with them having killed each of their victims in turn first Sian Blake and then each of the boys . ''
The court was told the `` controlling '' Simpson-Kent carried out the brutal murders because Ms Blake planned to leave him .
They claimed to police they killed them because they had a pact with them as they did not want to leave their children behind .
The Old Bailey previously heard Ms Blake was rendered unconscious by the first blow , in the attack and the boys were `` mostly asleep '' during the attack .
Yesterday the prosecution said while police were investigating the disappearances , Simpson-Kent was celebrating the New Year in Africa , where they were described as `` really partying '' .
Ms Blake , who played singer Frankie Pierre in 56 episodes of the BBC soap between 1996 and 1997 , had just been formally diagnosed with motor neurone disease in December 2015 .
They were planning to sell their home and return to live with their family in Leyton , east London , but their family refused to let Simpson-Kent move there .
In handing down the sentence the judge read out a psychiatric report by Dr Philip Joseph where Simpson-Kent gave an account of the killing in December .
In it they said : `` Something just snapped in me . Everything came out , feelings of anger and depression and the unfairness of the situation .
`` I was tired and emotional and in turmoil about what their family were doing to them I felt as if I had just been pushed off a diving board and was falling .
`` I grabbed hold of a small axe that was kept on a ledge in the kitchen . Sian 's head was bent low down and they were bent over looking at the floor .
`` I approached them from the side and hit them at the back of their head as hard as I could and they fell unconscious after the first blow .
`` After that I hit them repeatedly on the head . My mind was blank and I was focusing on doing not thinking . It was like I was there but not there . ''
A corrupted data packet has forced ADS to replace transceivers in more than 10,000 AES mesh network radio units . The root cause of the corruption is still under investigation .
AURORA , Ill. – The urgent email to members of the Central Station Alarm Association could hardly begin to explain the dire straits that had befallen Alarm Detection Systems .
In the correspondence sent Oct. 19 , CSAA Executive Director Jay Hauhn wrote that ADS had an immediate need for “ thousands ” of AES-IntelliNet radio transceivers due to a failure of one of the multiple mesh networks operated by the regional security company . If they had any of the modules to spare , members were asked to overnight them to ADS ‘ Aurora , Ill. , headquarters . Stat .
ADS had already been contending with the failure of its network for 10 days when the rally cry went out . All told , roughly 10,500 customers were affected , with no means to monitor the commercial and residential subscriber accounts throughout the greater Chicagoland area and Kenosha County in Wisconsin .
“ After about one week of the network being down , I looked around at all the employees . Everyone is stressed and exhausted . Nobody is getting enough sleep , including the owners , who are fully immersed in the seriousness of having more than 10,000 fire and burglar alarms failing to report , ” says Nick Bonifas , corporate counsel for ADS . “ And I realized that for all of our company efforts , we had only restored 4 % of the network . ”
Corrupt Data Packet Found to Be Cause of Network Failure
The first indication that something was awry struck on Oct. 9 . The network did not fail all at once . Instead , Bonifas explains , “ it took days for the issues to progress. ” AES Corp. engineers were quickly dispatched to Aurora to help ADS troubleshoot the reason for the alarm signal disruption .
It was determined the network was being engulfed by a tsunami of data brought there by a corrupt data packet . The rogue packet closely resembled a normal , transmittable data packet , but with part of the code edited in such a way that restricted alarm signal transmission .
Bonifas says the genesis of the bad packet has yet to be determined and remains under investigation . ( SSI continues to report the story and will provide updates when further information becomes available . )
ADS will have to swap in a new AES-IntelliNet transceiver or a newly reprogrammed used transceiver at each of more than 10,000 subscriber locations .
“ That packet created an echo . It is not being received or processed by the IP link to pass off on to alarm automation , ” says AES Director of Technical Support Lee DubÃ© , who continues to work closely with ADS . “ Alarm signals do make it through . However , we see some latency in that processing simply because of the amount of traffic occurring in the RF network due to that corruption . ”
Inside the IP link , itself an aggregator of the RF signals , is the smallish transceiver , which demodulates the information , processes it and converts into IP traffic . To make each affected subscriber whole again will require a truck roll to swap in a new transceiver or a newly reprogrammed used unit .
Customers impacted by the outage will be receiving a credit for the signaling interruption , according to ADS . And no customer will be paying for monitoring services that they did not receive . The company declined to provide an estimated dollar amount in cost to its bottom line .
“ Right now , we still have about 700 customers still affected by the outage . So , we are still in a crisis . Down the road , we 'll work the calculators to see what happened financially , ” Bonifas says .
ADS has been heavily supported by AES throughout the event . The company has sent many of its employees to the Aurora facility , shipping around 6,300 transceivers from overseas , among other support . AES Corp. CEO & President Bill Kieckhafer says the company has installed more than 600,000 of the same radio units worldwide in the past 20 years . And it has never seen this problem before .
“ This is truly one of a kind , but ADS is in total control . They are a very professional organization , ” Kieckhafer says . “ They have a very specific plan because that is what we are supporting . We have made tremendous progress . ”
Bonifas says from the onset of the event the company has remained singularly focused on its customers ' well-being and expediting the return of full monitoring services as quickly as possible . The ordeal is considered to be the most difficult challenge ADS has encountered in its 48 years in business . Not only has the company contended with the logistics and execution of a plan to restore 10,500 customers to service , Bonifas says , but there is an emotional drain that is hard to describe .
“ Somehow our company dug deep to find the resolve to restore the network , ” they say . “ Once ADS gets service restored , we 'll be able to better share our experiences from this situation . I think the industry will be very interested to hear what we learned . ”
UPDATE : AES Tells How ADS ' Mesh Network Failed
Hard work is often viewed as a key ingredient in the recipe for success . In the NBA , Brooklyn Nets general manager Sean Marks continues to embody this philosophy . The Nets signed guard Yakuba Ouattara to a two-way contract on Friday .
Brooklyn Nets Sign Yakuba Ouattara
The Official Announcement
The Nets signed Ouattara to a two-way contract . Teams are permitted to sign a maximum of two two-way contracts in addition to their 15-man roster . Two-way players primarily represent the NBA team 's G-League affiliate but can spend up to 45 days with the NBA team during a season . Most notably , this time does not include any days prior to the start of the G-League team 's training camp and after the conclusion of their season .
According to European Basketball insider David Pick , Ouattara worked out for the Nets previously :
OKC , BRK and DAL brought in French star Billy Ouattara for workouts . They chose to skip Summer League to honor their national-team commitment . — David Pick ( @ IAmDPick ) June 20 , 2017
Ouattara expressed their excitement via social media :
So Happy and so excited to be a New Member of the @ brooklynnets family .
Ca n't wait to start this… https : //t.co/qor1QPY6k8 — yak ( @ yakubaouattara ) July 21 , 2017
Who is Yakuba Ouattara ?
Billy Yakuba Ouattara is a French international basketball player . Born in Tepa , Ghana , Ouattara is 25 years old . A 6 ' 4″ shooting guard , Ouattara has played professionally since 2012 . Especially relevant , Ouattara played in the top French league throughout their professional career , showing consistent improvement along the way .
In the French premier division , LNB-Pro A , Ouattara represented Elan Chalon and AS Monaco . Last season with AS Monaco , Ouattara averaged 12.7 points and 5.0 rebounds while playing 29 minutes per game . Ouattara also played 18 games in the Basketball Champions League , where they averaged 10.6 PPG and 2.8 RPG . They contributed to their team making it to the Basketball Champions League Final Four .
Ouattara 's Resumé
Ouattara 's performances have not gone unnoticed . In 2016 , they were selected to the French national provisional team . This is the pool for which the national teams are chosen to represent Team France Basket in FIBA EuroBasket 2017 and continuing on for the FIBA Basketball World Cup 2019 and Men 's Olympic Basketball Tournament at the Tokyo 2020 Games . Players selected for Team France Basket signed a “ charter of engagement. ” Following the 2016 season , Ouattara was a Eurobasket.com All-French ProA Honorable Mention for 2016 .
Ouattara was also a member of the French international program for multiple years . They have played for the French senior team since 2016 and played for the U20 National Team back in 2011 . Ouattara represented France at the World University Games in Gwangju ( South Korea ) two years ago . In eight games there , they averaged 7.6 points , 2.0 rebounds , and 1.1 steals per game on 45.5 percent shooting from the field and 70.6 percent from the free throw line .
Athletically , Ouattara is a high-flying freak . Ouattara 's athleticism and accuracy from three-point range make them an intriguing prospect . Welcome to Brooklyn , Yakuba Ouattara .
Main Photo :
With the Rapids players returning from the offseason to Colorado , one of the first priorities is picking up new gear from Equipment Manager Brandy Lay . For many of the new players to the team , as well as some veterans , this process involves deciding on a new jersey number .
Two returning Rapids took relatively high profile numbers , with Clint Irwin taking the vacant # 1 shirt and Gabriel Torres selecting # 10 , which was worn in the last two seasons by Martín Rivero . Three newcomers also picked their new numbers , with Marc Burch taking # 4 , Charles Eloundou settling on # 19 , and Marlon Hairston going for the unconventional with # 94 .
Coming off a stellar first year in MLS , the decision for Irwin to take # 1 was relatively simple .
“ I 've always worn # 1 on the other teams I 've been on , when I 've been playing , ” said Irwin . “ When I was in Charlotte I was # 25 , but in college and my first professional year I was # 1 , and all through high school . It 's just what I felt comfortable with . ”
“ It 's a number that I wanted to earn , ” Irwin continued . “ It was available last year , but it did n't feel right taking it then . I felt like I wanted to earn it . ”
For Gabriel Torres , the number # 10 shirt also carries a personal connection in addition to the soccer history .
“ It 's an added responsibility to wear a number like this , ” said Torres , who wore # 30 last season . “ But I 've had it before with the national team and my old club in Venezuela , so it 's good , and I 'm happy . When I was told that # 10 was available , I took it , because I 've had it before and I feel good with that number . ”
Some of the Rapids new acquisitions also picked their numbers today , with Marc Burch taking # 4 , which they wore for five years in D.C. before taking # 8 in Seattle in 2012 and 2013 .
Charles Eloundou , meanwhile , chose # 19 , having been informed of the responsibility of wearing one of the numbers in the Rapids Gallery of Honor , with Chris Henderson having worn the number while with Colorado during their stints with the team in 1996-1998 and 2002-2005 .
Rapids first round draft pick Marlon Hairston may have made the biggest splash , however , taking the # 94 .
“ I went with # 94 since that 's my birth year , ” said Hairston . “ I 've worn # 17 , I 've worn # 10 , but those were taken already when I came in , so I wanted to do something different . ”
Asked if the high number brings with it some added attention , Hairston seemed prepared .
“ Hopefully I 'll be ready for [ the attention ] when the time comes , ” said the rookie . “ First I 've got to get some time on the field and hopefully I can impress in it .
They also did n't rule out changing their number in the future , but was content for the moment .
“ Kobe changed their number , LeBron changed his , so maybe later , ” said Hairston . “ But as of now , it 's a different look and it 's something that will stand out , so hopefully I can just keep this one for a little while . ”
A pair of new Rapids players – Marvin Chavez and Grant Van De Casteele – have still yet to choose their new numbers , and other veterans may change as well during the preseason .
MOSCOW ( AP ) - Russian athletes will have to scale back their training plans for next year 's Olympics in Brazil because of the country 's economic crisis , deputy sports minister Yuri Nagornykh said on Friday .
Training camps abroad can be crucial in acclimatizing athletes for Rio de Janeiro 's tropical conditions , but they are rapidly becoming unaffordable after the ruble lost almost half of its value against the U.S. dollar in the last 12 months .
With the ruble 's value low and the Sports Ministry 's budget facing cuts , athletes should stay in Russia rather than train abroad “ in order to spend less of the currency reserves , ” Russian agency R-Sport quoted Nagornykh .
Officials will select priority sports and athletes for scarce funding , Nagornykh said . The financial problems “ test everyone 's professionalism , ” they added .
The measures affect athletes preparing for the Rio Olympics and the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang , South Korea , they added .
Nagornykh 's comments come almost a year after Russia topped the medal table at home in the Sochi Winter Olympics , following lavish preparations which outstripped any previous Russian Olympic effort , with entire teams of athletes sometimes based abroad for months .
During that time , Russia also invested heavily in training facilities at home , especially for winter sports , which will be useful in the drive to cut costs , Nagornykh said .
“ Thank God , in the last five to six years , we very seriously updated our arsenal of training bases , ” they said , adding that performance standards would be maintained .
“ Everything that 's been planned that , without which we wo n't be able to prepare the teams for the Olympic Games in Rio and Korea , will be provided by the ministry , the federations , and in cooperation with the Russian Olympic Committee , ” they said .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC .
LAS VEGAS -- Like so many Anderson Silva moments of yesteryear , their latest performance at a disciplinary hearing on Thursday left us all wondering : Did that really just happen ?
But instead of a front-kick finish to the face , what left us speechless this time around was one of the most ill-conceived , poorly prepared , ridiculous explanations for a failed drug test this sport has ever seen .
Did Silva really just tell us the reason traces of anabolic steroids were found in their system ( twice ) in January was because they ingested a contaminated sexual-enhancing drug that was given to them by a casual friend from Thailand ?
And did they really bring along one `` expert witness , '' who allegedly proved the failed tests were due to this contaminated sexual drug , but provided no physical evidence to support that claim ? At an official disciplinary hearing ?
As you might have guessed , Silva 's case went down in flames . They received a one-year suspension and $ 380,000 fine .
Let 's just say for a second you really want to believe what Silva ( and their attorney ) said on Thursday was a truthful , complete account of what happened . In order to do so , you would need to believe all of the following :
1 . Silva has a need for a sexual-performance drug , and rather than see a doctor for a prescription , Silva , a highly paid , famous athlete , elected to take an unidentified blue liquid in an unmarked vial , given to them by a buddy .
2 . This unidentified drug was somehow contaminated with the anabolic steroid drostanolone , prior to Silva receiving it .
3 . The contamination of this product was proved by Silva 's `` expert witness '' Paul Scott , who failed to bring any documentation of their findings , nor could remember basic information about all the substances Silva had them test .
4 . The other steroid Silva tested positive for on Jan. 9 , androstane , was due to some other contaminated substance , not the sexual enhancer . Silva 's defense could n't figure out what substance it was , but it had to be something else they were ( legally ) taking .
5 . Silva did not disclose any of this information in a prefight questionnaire , which asks fighters to list all supplements they are taking , because of its private nature .
Anderson Silva , right , tested positive for traces of anabolic steroids following their January victory over Nick Diaz . Ed Mulholland for ESPN
In addition to believing all of these , you 'd have to ignore Silva backtracking in the middle of the hearing on what dates they ingested the drug . Initially , Silva claimed they discontinued use of the drug well before the fight , but the NSAC 's toxicology expert stated the drostanolone metabolites found in their sample would have been traceable for only one week . At that point , Silva changed their story and said they had taken the drug the week of the fight .
Here 's the unfortunate truth of the matter : Despite months of time afforded to Silva to prepare an honest , thorough explanation of what caused the most disappointing drug test failure in MMA history , they elected to cast more doubt than ever on their storied career .
Silva 's actions since the failed test was announced give the impression they exist in a fairy-tale world . Shortly after the news broke , TMZ caught them in a very short on-camera interview , during which they campaigned for a rematch against Nick Diaz , whom they originally defeated in January at UFC 183 . The result was changed to a no contest on Thursday .
Is there any doubt Silva must think we are all very , very dumb ? Their defense was the equivalent of a bad joke . Assertions were made with no proof whatsoever . Some of the assertions were n't even specific , just generic , unsupported denials .
At one point , one of the commissioners actually asked a member of Silva 's defense team why they had n't bothered to prepare some form of documentation , for the sake of their client 's career and reputation .
It really did n't have to go this way .
Silva could have admitted guilt . They could have said he 's a human being and gave in to self-doubt coming off a devastating leg injury -- one that everyone remembers quite well .
The truth is , most want to give athletes the benefit of the doubt . Had they owned it , the NSAC would have applauded their honesty . Fans would have slow-clapped them out of the building . We 'll see you when your suspension is over , Anderson . God bless .
And if they were committed to pleading innocence , at least come with something that halfway resembles a legitimate defense . Bring some kind of supplement analysis . Put a portfolio together , use one of those shiny covers on the front . Something .
Instead , it appears Silva revealed their true arrogance . They provided a blatantly shoddy explanation and must have assumed we would eat it up because of who they are .
There 's a big risk in showing us that arrogance , because now that we have a genuinely good reason to be mistrustful of what Silva says , what else should we look into ?
During the hearing , Silva 's defense brought up the fact they had never failed a test in their career before January . But any educated fan knows that was the first time they had ever been subjected to out-of-competition testing .
He 's 0-1 in that regard . What sort of truths is buried in that statistic ?
The only thing you need to do is block the URL :
facebook.com/ajax/mercury/change_read_status.php
For Chrome , use the extension `` FB unseen '' which blocks the URL ( full disclosure : I wrote this extension ) . If you want , with a little work you can use almost any adblocker to achieve this . But with `` FB unseen '' you can `` Mark as read '' whatever you want , so you can decide for yourself when the `` Seen '' flag is set .
One drawback of this extension is that all your messages will be marked as unread for yourself , too , and the `` unread messages '' notification stays visible as long as you do not reply ( or explicitly mark it as read ) .
Another drawback : there are ads ( which you can disable ) .
Update : Facebook requested me to take the extension down since it violates their Terms of Services . Since it was developed open source and the source is available at GitHub , I updated the link to point to the GitHub Page . To not risk any more trouble with Facebook , I will not provide an instruction on how to install extensions manually and will also not continue developing it . The extension was previously available at https : //chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ihcedcpmfdpjijiamkaeaefgfagnnpei , you can find a couple of alternatives in the store by searching for them ( until they get enough users and also taken down ) .
Share Let 's not be beastly to the southern Italians
A recurrent debate among historians is the question : can history teach us lessons relevant to the present and future ? Generally , history does not repeat itself by turning full circle , though it may move elliptically . Economic history , however , may be a special case in that it travels in recognisable cycles – boom , recession , depression , recovery – making the history of an economy a useful guide to its future development .
This hypothesis is dependent on the accuracy of the historical record . It is easy to make the assumption that since economic history is based on hard facts , on statistical records , to an extent that political history is not , it is probably a more reliable discipline . For recent periods , that is largely true , but politically motivated falsification of more remote economic history can produce hugely misleading interpretations of contemporary situations .
Today , economists trying to analyse the Eurozone crisis are being misled by a myth fabricated by black propaganda as long ago as the 19th century and perpetuated even now . This myth is the massive misrepresentation of the economic history of Italy , arguably the most vulnerable economy in the Eurozone . Granted , its citizens have large savings and commendably little private debt . Yes , it is the eighth largest economy in the world in nominal GDP and the third largest in the Eurozone , but its GDP is still 9 per cent below pre-recession level and the economy is contracting . Italy is the country most likely to sink the euro .
So critical is this issue that economists analysing the prospects for this sun-drenched basket case are keenly examining every aspect – historical , political and social – of that country . They are working with seriously flawed data .
Ambrose Evans-Pritchard is an informed and challenging commentator . You do not have to agree with them on everything to acknowledge their writing makes for compulsive reading . Addressing the Italian crisis recently , they wrote : “ The Mezzogiorno is sliding from depression towards social collapse . The Bourbons made a better fist of it. ” This was not the first time they had referred to the former Kingdom of the Two Sicilies in appraising the condition of southern Italy . In 2011 , in the context of “ the perma-divide between Italy 's North and South ” , they wrote : “ A full 140 years after the Two Sicilies were gobbled up into Cavour 's lira zone , convergence has not occurred . The Bourbons might have done better . ”
Those references to the former reigning dynasty of the Two Sicilies are ambiguous . If they are to be taken literally , then kudos to Evans-Pritchard for seeing through the black legend of Bourbon rule , perpetuated by their usurpers . If , on the other hand , they are using the Neapolitan Bourbons as a benchmark of incompetence , then they have succumbed to the delusion that has prevented an accurate presentation of Italian economic history for a century and a half : the myth of the endemically “ backward ” South and the “ enterprising ” North .
Here are the facts regarding the supposedly comatose Kingdom of the Two Sicilies before its violent conquest by Piedmont in 1860 , encouraged by the British Liberal government of Palmerston . At the Paris International Exhibition in 1856 the Bourbon kingdom received the prize for the third industrially developed country in Europe ( first in Italy ) . It developed the first railways in Italy , the first gas lighting system ( and the first experimental electric lighting ) , the first electric telegraph and the largest engineering industry . The kingdom had the third greatest merchant fleet in the world and the biggest naval industry in Italy .
In social policy the Two Sicilies created the first municipal housing , had the highest percentage of doctors per capita in Italy , the lowest infant mortality rate and the first free health care , with the highest number of orphanages and old people 's homes .
Its public finances were by far the healthiest in the peninsula . The Two Sicilies treasury , at the fall of the kingdom , held 443.2 million gold-lire , contrasted with Piedmont-Sardinia which held only 27 million . The Two Sicilies national debt was just 411 million lire , Piedmont 's was over 1 billion . The Bourbons consistently levied the lowest taxes in Italy . Their state revenue was quoted at 12 per cent on the Paris stock exchange , with the low discount rate of 5 per cent .
After the Piedmontese victory and forcible incorporation of the Two Sicilies into Italy , all the gold reserves were taken to Turin and the machinery was stripped out of the factories and taken north to fuel industrialisation there . The population , so far from welcoming “ liberation ” , fought fiercely for seven years , during which whole towns were razed , civilians massacred and a gulag of concentration camps set up . Emigration from the south was a post-unification phenomenon .
The south of Italy is not a region of backwardness but an economy ravaged by military conquerors whose heirs have not ceased to marginalize and denigrate southerners . That is the reason for Evans-Pritchard 's “ perma-divide ” . It must be taken into consideration in any modern assessment of Italy 's economy and social structure . It also raises the disturbing question : if we have fallen for the misrepresentations of the ‘ Risorgimento ' myth , under how many other delusions are we labouring elsewhere ?
Gerald Warner is a political commentator and writer .
Share
If you 've been following our tour over the past few weeks , you 've seen many of Chinatown 's classic , often burnt-out , neon signs and its oldest , most faded neon signage . For our third and final installment , we took a look at vintage neon signs that still glow at night—and sometimes during the day , too .
If you 're taking your own walking tour , start when the evening light begins to fade away into night . The signs in this article are shown in order from south to north , starting at the south end of Grant Avenue , San Francisco 's oldest street and Chinatown 's main drag . All of the signs are within two blocks east and west of Grant , so even at a leisurely pace , you can see all of them in less than an hour .
Chinatown YMCA
855 Sacramento St .
Start your tour at the Chinatown YMCA , a half-block up from Grant ( steep climb ) or a half block down from Stockton . The light usually turns on at dusk . This photo was taken looking east .
Wok Shop
Grant at Commercial
Proceed down Sacramento and turn left onto Grant , where a burning neon candle illuminates the Wok Shop at Grant and Commercial . The sign is only on at night when the shop is closed , a practice among several Chinatown retailers .
EZ5 Bar
648 Commercial St .
Now take a right on Commercial and go down two short blocks to the EZ5 Bar , a few steps east of Kearny . Glowing martini glasses and free-form script—perfect neon lighting for an elegant dive bar .
Sam Wo
713 Clay St .
Now turn around and go back to Kearny , take a right and then a left on Clay , and you 'll find one of Chinatown 's most famed restaurants , Sam Wo .
Sam Wo first opened at 813 Washington St. a few years after the 1906 earthquake . Its neon sign was installed in the 1930s . The restaurant closed in 2012 , and reopened in October 2015 at 713 Clay St .
Thanks to a planning code exception , Sam Wo 's owners were allowed to remove , refurbish and reinstall the neon sign above their new location , where it glows into the wee hours on weekends .
Chinatown Restaurant
744 Washington St .
Next , cut through Portsmouth Square Plaza and its many groups of card-players at makeshift tables to find Chinatown Restaurant . It 's located on the north side of the plaza , on Washington Street at Wentworth .
This prominent orange sign is one of the largest and brightest in Chinatown .
Buddha Lounge and Li Po Lounge
Grant between Washington and Jackson
The Li Po ( orange sign , left ) and the Buddha ( pink/red sign , right ) light up the nighttime streetscape in Chinatown .
Now walk a short half block west to Grant Avenue and Washington Street—the heart of Chinatown , where neon still glows day and night .
There are only three bars—and no liquor stores—on the tourist-oriented section of Grant Avenue between Bush and Broadway . Two of them , Buddha and Li Po , use old-school neon signs that are turned on whenever the bar is open .
We 're now past the halfway point of the walking tour , so if you fancy a drink under the glow of vintage Chinatown neon , here 's your chance to make a stop .
The Buddha 's neon cocktail glass glows hot pink against blue sky , dark night and dense fog .
The Li Po , one of the funkiest drinking spots in San Francisco , has a six-sided , Chinese-lantern-themed neon sign that still glows orange on top .
City Gifts
Continue north on Grant for half a block to Jackson . On the southwest corner , you 'll find Chinatown 's smallest neon tube—on the outward edge of the City Gifts sign .
The store 's owners turn the sign on at dusk and off when the store closes .
Great Star Theater
636 Jackson St .
From City Gifts , go downhill ( east ) on Jackson . If you 're lucky , the magnificent hot-pink/electric-green neon sign of the Great Star Theater ( 636 Jackson St. ) may be glowing . The theater is now closed , but sometimes its light is on , even in the bright afternoon daylight .
L'amour Spa
602 Jackson St .
A few doors down the street is the L'amour Spa at 602 Jackson St. Its red-orange , blue and pink sign is inside the entryway , but you can see the glow from the street .
The New Hollywood Bakery and Restaurant
652 Pacific Ave .
Now retrace your steps up Jackson half a block , and turn right on Beckett Street after the Great Star . It 's a short walk north to The New Hollywood Bakery and Restaurant at 652 Pacific . Its script-lettered neon sign glows orange , but if you want to try the baked goods ( and you should ! ) then come back during the day . It 's another local business that turns its sign on only when it 's closed .
Bow Bow Cocktail Lounge
1155 Grant Ave .
Continue west on Pacific and turn right on Grant . After two blocks , you 'll see the cool blue neon sign of the Bow Bow Cocktail Lounge ( actually a karaoke bar—and a pretty rowdy one at that ) at 1155 Grant Avenue .
Perhaps a drink ( or a song ) at the Bow Bow before visiting your final stop ?
Mee Mee Bakery
1328 Stockton St .
Last stop : the tiny Mee Mee Bakery . Go one block west on Broadway , then right on Stockton ; the Mee Mee is at 1328 Stockton , between Broadway and Vallejo . Look for its simple neon graphic of a fortune cookie ... which only glows at night .
If you enjoyed this series and are interested in vintage neon , there 's still plenty of time to check out San Francisco Neon Survivors and Icons . The photo exhibit features classic neon signs from around the city , and is on view through the end of October on the fourth floor of the San Francisco Main Public Library .
A 18-year-old woman has been charged with the murder of Alicia Robinson in Christchurch .
A woman who died after allegedly suffering stab wounds at a party in Christchurch was a `` caring and loving '' mother of a 3-year-old boy , their family says .
Police were called to an incident at a property in Avonhead Rd , near Yaldhurst Rd , in Avonhead , shortly after midnight on Sunday .
Canterbury district crime manager Detective Inspector Corrie Parnell said a woman had died . Them death was being treated as a homicide .
DAVID WALKER/STUFF Forensic staff and detectives prepare to start a scene examination at the property in Avonhead Road .
On Sunday night no arrests had been made .
Police are yet to name the victim , but family have confirmed they were 32-year-old Alicia Robinson .
A team of 20 investigators are working on the case , which is likely to put extra strain on police as they continue a major investigation into the disappearance of Christchurch builder Michael McGrath , who was last seen at their Halswell home on May 21 .
DAVID WALKER/STUFF Police were called to the home on Avonhead Rd shortly after midnight .
Do you know more ? Email newstips @ stuff.co.nz
Paul Robinson told Stuff on Sunday they were struggling to come to grips with the loss of their daughter .
They learned about their death when their two nieces visited their home in Nelson on Sunday morning .
DAVID WALKER/STUFF Police have cordoned off part of Avonhead Road as they investigate a possible homicide .
`` They said I need to sit down and take this phone call , their mother was on the other end of the phone and told me what happened .
`` All I 've heard is that they were in an altercation with this other girl , [ she ] got the better of them and so the other girl went and grabbed something sharp and stabbed her . ''
Paul Robinson said their daughter was `` a good girl '' and a loving mother to their three-year-old son .
`` I 'm just in limbo at the moment wondering what the hell is going on . She 's in Christchurch , I 'm in Nelson . What can you do ? ''
Paul Robinson 's wife , Missy , said the family was `` absolutely devastated '' .
`` All their family here in Nelson and Te Puke will dearly miss them presence . ''
They said Alicia Robinson was a `` loving , caring '' mother to their son .
Acting Detective Inspector Michael Ford said police believed the woman 's death was `` an isolated incident and there is no safety concerns for the general public '' , Ford said .
Anyone who was in the Avonhead Rd area about midnight and noticed anything out of the ordinary should contact police .
An Avonhead Rd resident , who did not want to be named , said they returned home about 10pm on Saturday to a party next door .
`` There were a lot of people just talking outside and a bit of music . ''
An hour later they heard fireworks .
`` Then everything started to get quieter and we went to bed and I did n't hear anything . ''
The woman said they woke on Sunday morning to find their neighbour 's home was a crime scene .
`` It seems like something has happened in the driveway , we can see some tarpaulin down there . ''
Neighbour Jared Pol said it `` sounded like a lot of people '' were at the house about 11:30pm on Saturday .
`` I 've heard a few parties coming from that address . ''
Canterbury district commander Superintendent John Price said it was a busy time for investigators in Christchurch , but resources were not stretched .
`` It 's the nature of policing to be quite honest , we work in peaks and troughs constantly . ''
Resources could be called upon from other areas of the country if needed .
Anyone with information about Alicia Robinson 's death should contact Christchurch police on 03 363 7400 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
The University of Texas Police is investigating an unauthorized drone flight by a UT student who flew their drone over Darrell K. Royal - Texas Memorial Stadium . The flight took place during the home opener for the Texas Longhorns football team .
The flight is the type of seemingly harmless , yet actually irresponsible behavior that irks many drone enthusiasts . Experienced operators realize that a malfunction or mistake here could have landed the drone on the playing field or in the stands -- - jeopardizing fan safety or disrupting the game . That type of televised incident might cause substantial harm to the nascent industry as it struggles to overcome public relations problems associated with irresponsible operators . Luckily , existing laws and regulations may already prohibit this type of conduct .
The local news station , KXAN reports that UT officials made the following statement :
“ UTPD observed an unauthorized drone in and around the Darrell K. Royal – Texas Memorial Stadium and watched as it maneuvered and landed on San Jacinto . Officers located the operator , a UT student , who was detained and transported to the police station . The drone was seized , the student identified , questioned and released pending further investigation . Our top priority is the safety our students , employees , fans and visitors . UTPD Chief David Carter stresses that we are concerned about the use of drones and are investigating the incident thoroughly . The university continually works with local , state and federal law enforcement agencies to maintain the highest levels of safety on our campus . ”
The report notes that the laws are still evolving , and some people may call for laws to address this conduct . However , it is important to recognize that there are already a few laws and regulations on the books which may address what the operator did .
First , in a `` notice to airmen '' ( NOTAM ) the FAA classifies the airspace above certain stadiums as :
'national defense airspace ' . Any person who knowingly or willfully violates the rules concerning operations in this airspace may be subject to certain criminal penalties under 49 USC 46307 . Pilots who do not adhere to the following procedures may be intercepted , detained and interviewed by law enforcement/security personnel . Pursuant to 14 CFR section 99.7 , special security instructions , commencing one hour before the scheduled time of the event until one hour after the end of the event . All aircraft and parachute operations are prohibited within a 3 nmr up to and including 3000 ft agl of any stadium having a seating capacity of 30,000 or more people where either a regular or post season major league baseball , national football league , or NCAA division one football game is occurring .
The open question with regard to this NOTAM is whether a drone would be considered an aircraft ( an issue that is in dispute after the Pirker decision -- - the FAA says drones are aircraft , others say they are not ) . If drones are not considered aircraft for the purposes of this NOTAM , the FAA may want to find a way to update the law to reach this type of conduct which many responsible drone operators would agree should not be allowed .
Second , the flight may violate Texas ' newly enacted drone law . That broad ( possibly unconstitutional in part ) law , makes it unlawful to use a drone to `` capture an image of an individual or privately owned real property in this state with the intent to conduct surveillance on the individual or property captured in the image . '' The statute does not define surveillance . Also , the statute has exceptions for images of `` public real property or a person on that property '' ( it 's not clear if the stadium qualifies ) . Furthermore , the operator could avoid criminal prosecution by following the defense articulated in the statute . That defense allows an individual to avoid charges by immediately destroying the imagery upon learning that collecting it was unlawful ( so long as they did not disclose , display or distribute it to a third party ) .
If it turns out that Texas law does not reach this conduct , local officials may want to look to zoning laws to prohibit the launch and recovery of drones within a specified distance of the stadium . The downside to such zoning laws is that if they are broadly written , they will prohibit otherwise safe operations outside the stadium , such as over campus , near tailgates , or elsewhere in Austin and they may also stifle creative videography or aerial journalism .
Throughout the 1980s Milton Friedman insisted that Chile had to reintroduce political freedom if it wanted to preserve the newly created free market institutions . In the long run , authoritarianism , believed Friedman , was incompatible with economic liberty . But Friedman was also very skeptical about Chile´s future once democracy was reintroduced . They feared that the political class could use the democratic process to increase the size of government once again and thus severely undermine economic liberty . Twenty-five years after the reintroduction of democracy , Friedman 's concerns seemed to have come true .
Only five months have elapsed since the socialist government of Michelle Bachelet assumed power in Chile and the country´s economic growth rate has plummeted . The central cause for the dramatic decline in economic activity has been the government 's plan of making a tabula rasa with the free market institutions that had enabled Chile to become the most prosperous country in Latin America .
One of the most harmful proposals is a massive tax reform , already approved , that will dramatically raise the corporate tax in Chile leaving it above the OECD average . In addition , the tax reform , which was strongly opposed by associations of entrepreneurs and had decreasing support among the population , grants unprecedented discretionary powers over taxpayers to tax collectors .
Another target of Bachelet´s radical socialist program is the emblematic Chilean pension system . As is widely known , Chile was the first country in the world to introduce a privately managed social security system based on personal capitalization accounts . Under this scheme , each month Chilean workers deposit a percentage of their income in an account in their name , which is managed by private companies called AFP ( Administradoras de Fondos de Pensiones ) . Thus when workers retire they do not depend on other workers ' paying into the system to get a pension . Rather , they receive their own money adjusted by inflation plus interest .
Unlike the Bismarckean pay-as-you-go systems that exist in most developed countries , the Chilean system is fully funded . Moreover , the accumulation of capital that the AFPs have brought about has enabled the emergence of a capital market , which in turn has made it possible to invest the workers ' savings in Chile . This has decisively contributed to economic growth and to the creation of employment opportunities for Chileans . These facts , recognized in the specialized literature , are fully scorned by the current administration .
Determined to bring the state back to the social security business , Ms. Bachelet and their ministers have already developed a plan to create a state-run pension company . As it is easy to foresee , this will probably create unfair competition to the current private administrators which would not be able to match the commissions charged by an enterprise subsidized by the taxpayers ' money .
In other words , there is a real danger of the new state owned funds administrator becoming an existential threat for the most important of the free market reforms made in Chile in the 1980s . Other reforms of Bachelet´s socialist program include putting an end to the private health care system in its current form by socializing all payments that workers currently make for their health insurance .
This would mean an expropriation of the workers ' payments into their insurance companies , which would be transferred directly to the State 's coffers . As many economists have warned , the consequences of this reform would be disastrous . But there is more .
Among other reforms , the current administration plans to make a substantial transformation of labor laws , which would dramatically empower unions and affect productivity ; an educational reform that would end the current voucher system creating a one-size-fits-all state-run educational one ; and Argentinian style free higher education for everyone .
In addition , the leftwing political parties are planning to create an entirely new constitution that has to start , in former socialist president Ricardo Lagos ' words , “ from a blank slate. ” As the same Lagos recently declared , the new Constitution should put an end to the State 's subsidiarity principle that underpins the Constitution currently in force . According to this principle , the State is allowed to intervene only when private actors fail to solve urgent social problems .
In the new socialist constitution , the government would become the central driver of social and economic progress , a model that Chile had already tried out from the 1930s onwards and which ended disastrously in 1973 . Interestingly enough , President Bachelet has recently declared that they shared the same goals as former Marxist president Salvador Allende who ran the country from 1971 to 1973 .
Unlike Allende , Ms. Bachelet is not seeking to make Chile a communist regime . But it is no secret that to a large extent they endorse an old-fashioned statist philosophy . And there is little doubt that if their administration gets away with its project , Chile will cease to be a role model for Latin America . It remains to be seen whether those who want to preserve the path of progress followed by Chile in the last decades will be able to save the country from an Argentinian type of institutional development . For the time being , the future looks pretty grim .
Hmm ... I was wondering you guys.I mean , you all saw Rainbow Rocks right ? So ... most bronies decided to love Sonata for their random cutenessBut what about the otehr two ? Adagio is sexy and stuff but she 's the main b * of the show so bronies who decide to like bad girls , they would go with her ... so this leaves the question : What about Aria ? I dunno how but I think that Aria is inteligent in their own way and also has that sexy spirit as Adagio . They may not be cute but ... I like bad girls like Aria . But not as bad as Adagio , like ... super-villian leader bad xDSo that 's my reason to love this girl most from the trioBack to the picture : Yes , you may see my old OC : Fire Rain there ... Dunno why ... I just do n't ship them with anypony so I thought they would make a perfect friend for Aria BlazeThat 's allAddy : * MLP & Aria Blaze ©
Former Konami Tech Director Talks Divorce Between Kojima and Konami : “ You Must Believe in Hideo Kojima ”
Giuseppe Nelva December 22 , 2015 5:37:01 PM EST
During a conference held at the Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie in Paris , that DualShockers attended , former Konami Worldwide Technology Director Julien Merceron talked about the divorce between the publisher and Hideo Kojima .
Merceron mentioned that the success of Metal Gear Solid V taught one lesson , and that is that you must believe in Hideo Kojima , contrary to what Konami has done .
It 's a fact that the development of a game lasts for a long time , so who knows if it 's going to turn a profit ? Who knows if it 's going to achieve the promised quality ? It 's important to have trust . The development team all trusted Kojima-san , even if they were one of the few who really knew where the game was going . The team was fully behind Kojima-san .
According to Merceron , Kojima-san believed in themselves and in the team . The result is that the game has become profitable just in a few weeks , with a Metacritic score over 90 . The first lesson learned from this , is that you must believe in Kojima-san .
The second lesson is that the world of Japanese development can achieve a success of this magnitude . It 'll give wings to developers that are asking themselves a lot of questions . While it 's true that the mobile industry is on the rise , it will help developers reach a balance between mobile and other games . Metal Gear Solid V shown that there is a way .
Merceron continued by explaining that they lived the crisis between Konami and Hideo Kojima in real time . In March there was an argument between the Management of Konami and Kojima-san , which brought about the news that everyone saw , including the fact that the studio would be renamed and that Kojima-san 's name would disappear from the game 's boxes , the removal of Kojima-san themselves from the staff , and their new status as a contractor .
At that time the staff was at GDC ( The Game Developers Conference in San Francisco ) , and that 's where Merceron learned about the situation . When they returned to Tokyo , Kojima-san talked to the team , saying “ Do n't worry , we 're going to finish our game , we will give everything we have to give , and then we will see . ”
According to Merceron , Kojima-san did not change their way of working . They did n't change anything at all , and behaved like before . Merceron ca n't imagine how Kojima-san was able to cope with the situation , but they were really strong . They gave their team a feeling of confidence to go on and finish the project .
The members of the team asked themselves a lot of questions , they hoped that the game would be released and be successful , and that it would cause Konami to go back on its decision , so that the team could start working on a new Metal Gear .
Merceron hoped to continue working with Kojima-san for years at Konami , also on other franchises . They hoped to revive Silent Hill and more . Without Kojima-san there might be others in their place , but it wo n't be the same . They were the one who brought Merceron to the company , so they could not stay at Konami after the creator of Metal Gear Solid had left .
The Video Game masterclass event in Paris was organized by Jeux Vidéo Magazine and Cité des Sciences .
[ On-Location Reporting and Translation : Morgane Bouvais ]
I 'm a confessed code editor addict , and have tried them all ! I was an early adopter of Coda , a TextMate advocate , even a Vim convert . But all of that changed when I discovered Sublime Text , the best code editor available today . Do n't believe me ? Let me convince you in this course .
Get started with the Sublime Text editor and get your base settings right .
Add your first snippets and learn how to make testing easier with snippets .
Learn how to install Sublime Text plugins and get set up with the most essential plugins .
Get the most out of Sublime Text with advanced tips , techniques and modifications .
This course teaches you Sublime Text using Sublime Text 2 , but it 's also perfect for learning how to get the most out of Sublime Text 3 .
Craciun Dan | October 3 , 2013
SuperTuxKart
Or STK for short , is one of the most popular racing games available freely and open-source on Linux . You can find install it in any major distribution with the default package manager . SuperTuxKart comes with several game modes , like single racing or Story mode , vehicles models , inspired by mascots in the free software world ( you can drive with Tux , FreeBSD devil , GNU etc ) and a whole bunch of maps , which you can unlock by completing missions in the story mode . STK also includes weapons to slow down your opponents . There is an in-game add-on menu from which you can download even further maps and models .
TORCS
It stands for The Open Racing Car Simulator , and it is a free racing game . It can be run in fullscreen or windowed mode , and it supports different resolutions . TORCS can be a little confusing at first , since the camera will focus another car during a race . To race in first-person mode , press F2 .
Stunt Rally
Stunt Rally is a 3D rally game with modern graphics and lots of features . There are dozens of tracks to race on , taking place in various environments , 19 car models and also an online multiplayer mode . The OpenGL graphics are really wonderful , but it also needs a decent dedicated graphics card to play at an acceptable frame rate with high settings . You can install and play Stunt Rally on Desura .
Speed Dreams
Being a fork of TORCS , Speed Racer is “ an open motorsport simulator ” with various graphics options , several tracks and car models . You can install Speed Dreams from playdeb.net , the official PPA or on Desura . To install Speed Dreams from the PPA , open a terminal and type :
sudo add-apt-repository ppa : speed-dreams/ppa
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install speed-dreams
Dolphinity Racer
Yet another free racing game for Linux striving for graphical realism .
Events have long been utilized in marketing to spread brand recognition , beliefs , or a political agenda . Whether one 's ultimate goal is driven by dollar signs or just plain old “ buzz ” , the awareness one achieves can make all the difference in the world ( for better or worse ) .
Presented below are 15 Over-the-Top Event Marketing Campaigns . Whether they are successful or not is immaterial . The point is they all used boldness and/or creativity to touch a specific nerve . They are memorable , regardless of the outcome . Let us know what you think in the comments below .
1 . Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade
“ Over-the-top ” does n't always have to be a bad thing , as is the case with the annual Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade . For the better part of a century , this tradition has incorporated popular characters of the day and involved hundreds of different balloons and floats that are taller than many buildings . It 's even crossed over into the television world , playing a memorable role in one episode of “ Seinfeld ” as Mr. Pitt , then-boss of the character Elaine Benes , seeks to fulfill their lifelong wish of holding one of the strings to the Woody Woodpecker balloon , with hilarious results . Every year at 9:00 a.m. EST , Americans from all walks of life have come to associate the famous event with the Macy 's name .
Source
2 . The Insane Coho Lips Anti-Disco Army
July 12 , 1979 . Radio station WLUP , known as “ The Loop , ” set out to put an end to disco once and for all in this , some would say “ infamous , ” event that certainly got people buzzing about the radio station . Steve Dahl had just been hired by WLUP after losing their job at a radio station that decided to ditch rock and start playing disco . Dahl spearheaded a movement that would come to be known as “ Disco Demolition Night , ” where he , rock girl Lorelei Stark , and security , marched a crate of disco records rigged with explosives onto centerfield of Comiskey Park before the second game of a Chicago White Sox-Detroit Tigers doubleheader . Dahl led chants of “ Disco Sucks ” as well as a countdown at which point the explosives were set off and all hell broke loose . Comiskey Park officials planned for 12,000 people to be in attendance for the event . There were more than 90,000 , and many of them ended up on the field prompting a White Sox forfeit .
Source
3 . Anheuser-Busch Tour of the Clydesdales
The famous Clydesdale horses became the face of Anheuser-Busch in 1933 to mark the end of Prohibition . Since that time , the eight-horse touring company has traveled all across the nation , originating in St. Louis , and making stops in San Diego , San Antonio , Menifee , Calif. , and Merrimack , N.H. , all while spreading the gospel of Bud to the masses . The Clydesdales are also immortalized in at least one of the many Super Bowl commercials that the big brewer buys each year ensuring they always remain at the forefront of the American consumer consciousness . They have also been commonly associated with another longstanding American tradition on this list . ( See No . 8 ) .
Source
4 . Cleveland MLB Ten-Cent Beer Night
Generally , when you plan an over-the-top event , publicity is the number one focus . But sometimes that publicity can go horribly awry . Take Ten-Cent Beer Night . The Cleveland Indians organization instituted this extravaganza , during which they invited fans out to Cleveland Municipal Stadium on June 4 , 1974 , to indulge in limitless 8-ounce cups of beer at the going rate of 10 cents each . Nothing like pulling in tens of thousands of fans and giving them that sweet nectar of all unholiness all at a rock-bottom price , what could possibly go wrong ? As a result , one fan leapt onto the field in the ninth inning and tried to steal Jeff Burroughs ' baseball cap ( playing for the Texas Rangers ) . Rangers Manager Billy Martin feared their player was being assaulted , so they marched onto the field to do something about it . So did hundreds of fans . What ensued was a melee between the Indians fans and the Texas Rangers and the Cleveland Indians , who were actually fighting their own fans . On a positive note , the event did bump Indian attendance from 8,000 to 25,000 in one year 's time , so not all was lost .
Source
5 . Disaster on a Stick
June 22 , 2005 . In a publicity stunt for the ages , Snapple attempted to build the world 's largest popsicle at 25 feet tall to draw attention to a new line of frozen treats they were launching . Apparently , no one told company organizers that frozen confections actually melt under 32 degrees Fahrenheit . With temperatures hitting 80 degrees during the attempt , you can probably guess what happened next . MSNBC dubbed the event , “ Disaster on a Stick , ” as it drenched Manhattan 's Union Square in strawberry-kiwi sugary goo . While there are worse things we can envision running amok in New York City , any time you have to get the fire department involved in closing down streets , things are not going as planned .
Source
6 . Bruno Comes to Fort Smith
Sacha Baron Cohen is in many ways a modern day P.T . Barnum in that they go to great lengths to attract attention for their products . Take Bruno , their mockumentary about a gay man looking to be famous . Much of Cohen 's humor comes from irritating the masses while not letting them know they 're in on a joke . Such was the case when they came to Fort Smith , Ark. , on a June night in 2008 . At a cage fighting event known as “ Blue Collar Brawlin ' , ” Cohen pretended they would be fighting in the main event . When they and their “ opponent ” stepped into the cage , they started making out , touching off a surge of outrage that made its way into the cage via flying objects with varying degrees of danger . Worldwide , the low-budget comedy ended up with a gross of more than $ 138 million showing that even BAD publicity is still publicity .
Source
7 . Westboro Baptist Church Funeral Protests
Love them or hate them , the Westboro Baptist Church knows how to market itself . The WBC has harnessed the power of its infamous over-the-top funeral protests of military servicemen ( and women ) into financial success . They 're able to spend $ 200,000 per year in travel expenses , thanks in part to successful lawsuits and self-funding . With just 40 members , the supposed non-profit organization , led by minister Fred Phelps , has taken its extreme stance against homosexuality and ignited reactions resulting in financial gain . The WBC , which practices out of Topeka , Kansas , has sued its home city successfully , and is currently seeking an additional $ 100,000 . They 've also used their events to get hundreds of mentions on the news and land appearances in several documentaries .
Source
9 . The Gibbs Aquada
June 14 , 2004 . Virgin , Inc 's , Sir Richard Branson is always at the front of elaborate publicity stunts , and it probably does n't get much more elaborate than their drive across the English Channel in an astounding 100 minutes and six seconds . The previous record had been 6 hours . How 'd they do it ? With the Gibbs Aquada 007-inspired car of course . Traveling 30 miles per hour in a hybrid car with aqua-travel capabilities , Branson made short work of the famed Channel and opened eyes across the world as to the future of automobile travel . With their next venture Virgin Galactic set to ferry the first humans on paid for-profit sub-orbital rides early in 2013 , it will be very interesting to see what grand scheme they have up their sleeve to draw attention to the first launch . Stay tuned !
Source
10 . The Great Throwdini
Winner of the “ Fastest and Most Accurate Knife Thrower ” distinction from the Guinness Book of World Records , Throwdini 's ( aka , David Adamovich ) entire business model is one marketing event after another , except that he 's also able to make money selling promotional DVDs and books as an offshoot of their appearances . The holder of a coveted Merlin Award in magic ( one of the ONLY non-magic users to get such an award ) and holder of 20+ Guiness World Records , a Throwdini show is an event in-and-of itself . Nothing more over-the-top to us than throwing sharp objects at willing participants , knowing that one misstep could lead to a dead person and a lot of jail time .
Source
11 . The Great Halfway , Oregon , Name Change
The eCommerce site Half.com was small potatoes when it offered Halfway , Ore. , the opportunity to change its name to “ Half.com , Ore. , ” in 1999 becoming America 's first dot-com city in exchange for $ 100,000 and about 20 donated computers . The event put the site on the map and eventually led to its buyout by eBay in 2000 for $ 350 million . In actuality , Halfway is still officially known as Halfway on the books , but the temporary name change was enough to give a struggling “ dot-com ” site the push it needed in an era that was flooded with sites just like it . Half.com is still going strong as an eBay company and is very popular with students thanks to its large half-priced textbooks selection .
Source
12 . P.T . Barnum 's Elephant Plow
You could fill a book with all the ways P.T . Barnum promoted their circus throughout its long history , but one of the most over-the-top events was their elephant plow scheme . Setting up near the railroad tracks around New York City , they plowed six acres with the aid of a lone elephant because they knew it would attract publicity . It would n't be long before Barnum 's exploits “ went viral ” across the nation in a time when personal computers were science fiction . Barnum 's philosophy was simple : give the public a good value and use ALL the free advertising you can get .
Source
13 . Cash Giveaway
March 2008 . Looking to promote its website , Cashtomato.com staged a New York-based cash giveaway that attracted dozens of homeless people rabid for greenbacks . Rather than spreading the message of the brand , the way every great marketing event should , the scheme resulted in a riot that put one in the hospital . Scheduled to begin at 2:29pm , timed to mark Leap Day , the crowd instead rushed the three Cashtomato employees ( dressed as Tomatos no less ) , knocked the bags and cash-stuffed envelopes out of their hands , and elbowed each other to grab the loot . What was in the bags of cash ? Twenty nine bucks .
Source
14 . Warren Buffett Challenges the GOP
Sometimes marketing can be used to forward a political agenda . Such was the case recently when investor superstar Warren Buffett challenged the Republican members of Congress to donate some of their own money to paying off the national debt . For each dollar donated , Buffett would donate a dollar as well . For Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , Buffett said they would even give $ 3 for every George Washington the GOP politician chipped in . As of Jan. 22 , 2012 , the event has resulted in about $ 58,000 in funds toward paying off the national debt .
Source
15 . IntraLinux Wrestles Microsoft
Around the start of the new millennium , when competitor Microsoft was getting ready to launch Windows 2000 , the IntraLinux brand , represented by a penguin mascot , staged a mock wrestling match with a Bill Gates lookalike outside the unveiling at the Moscone Center in San Francisco that attracted hundreds of onlookers and news mentions nationally . The penguin won , and served as a P.T . Barnum-esque example of how one company can use the momentum of another to steal publicity . Total cost of the stunt , $ 3700 ! Estimated free press from the event ? Priceless !
Source
Corner Brook mayoral candidate ( and incumbent ) Charles Pender wants to be the winner in the upcoming municipal election .
In the meantime , he 's putting up with a lot of wieners — stuck in their election signs and on their car .
Pender says the trouble started the morning after nomination day ; someone cut holes in their signs and stuck wieners in their mouth .
`` A resident called me and said , 'Your sign 's been vandalized , ' '' they told CBC News on Monday .
`` When I went and looked at one , by the time I got there I had some calls from other people that all four — which were in four very different areas of the city , you had to go out and find them , but they all had been done the same way . ''
'Nothing better to do with their time '
To be frank , Pender said they are n't sure what it meant — `` I have no idea . I guess somebody thought they were funny and had nothing better to do with their time , '' they said — but it did n't end there ; the sausage assault intensified the following week .
`` Maybe they did n't get enough attention , so when I went to my car … around 9 in the morning , I discovered that somebody had dumped , I guess , the rest of the package of wieners on my windshield in my yard . ''
Wow ! ! This sign has n't been up for 12 hours and has already been defaced . Signs are expensive . I hope this is not how 's it going to be . < a href= '' https : //t.co/GLSvS9g8oI '' > pic.twitter.com/GLSvS9g8oI < /a > — @ charlespendercb
Pender said it 's `` minor mischief '' but still felt disconcerted by the thought of someone coming on to their property to do that , so they called the police , who said they 'd look into it .
`` Unfortunately , when you 're a candidate , and mayor , sometimes you 're a target for this foolishness , '' they said , adding that he 'd rather be talking about more serious issues . `` I 'm just hoping it 's over and done with now . ''
They figure it 's not likely they 'll catch the hotdog bandit , but said they are n't taking it very seriously .
`` At the end of the election , before election day , we 'll probably have a barbecue , '' they said . `` We 'll call it a 'bunraiser ' and people can bring their own buns and we 'll provide the wieners . Maybe they 'll show up with the rest of the wieners and we can have some hotdogs and have a laugh . ''
Congressional hearing examines whether the Affordable Care Act has cost jobs .
Buy Photo Sen. Dan Coats , R-Ind. , chairperson of the Joint Economic Committee , said President Barack Obama oversold the Affordable Care Act to the public . ( Photo : Charlie Nye / The Star 2014 file photo ) Buy Photo
An Indiana business person told lawmakers Wednesday they have purposely kept their companies small to avoid having the number of workers that would require them to provide health insurance under the Affordable Care Act .
“ We have felt the profound imposition of the Affordable Care Act or , as it is known among many small-business entrepreneurs , the Unaffordable Care Act , ” said Joe Sergio , president of The Sergio Corp. , a South Bend parent company of a disaster restoration business and an industrial cleaning company . “ Obamacare punishes employment growth , and the incentive is to not grow . ”
Sergio testified at a hearing called by Sen. Dan Coats , R-Ind. , to examine whether the 2010 health care law has cost jobs .
“ Too much of the conversation ( about the law ) has attempted to focus on the proposed benefits without taking into consideration some of the very real and significant costs , ” said Coats , chairperson of the Joint Economic Committee .
Coats said the law was oversold to the public by President Barack Obama .
But New York Rep. Carolyn Maloney , the panel 's top Democrat , said Republicans ' dire predictions of the law 's consequences have not come true .
While more than 16 million people have gained health insurance , the private sector has created nearly 3 million jobs since the law 's major provisions went into effect , they said .
“ My Republican friends argue that health care reform kills jobs , ” they said . “ Democrats understand that not having health care kills people . ”
Casey Mulligan , an economics professor at the University of Chicago , testified that the law 's income-based insurance subsidies for people not offered coverage by their employer is a disincentive for people to work and earn more than the maximum allowed for receiving a subsidy .
“ Fundamentally , when you 're giving stuff to people when they do n't work and earn , you 're going to have a disincentive , ” they said .
Mulligan estimated the law will reduce weekly employment and aggregate work hours by 3 percent .
Maloney asked them whether they would consider that to be the “ economic ruin ” that critics of the law predicted .
“ I do n't think the word ‘ ruin ' applies to that , ” they replied .
While Coats called arbitrary the law 's requirement that companies offer insurance if they have 50 or more full-time employees , another witness said that threshold was not unreasonable .
Before the law went into effect , almost all companies with more than 50 workers offered health insurance to employees , said Paul Van de Water , a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
“ So the notion that requiring firms with more than 50 employees to offer health insurance coverage is a tremendous burden is something which is belied by the data , ” Van de Water said . “ These choices may seem arbitrary , but they were based on a rational effort to structure the law in the best possible way . ”
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now , not later . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Coats , however , said they have received thousands of letters and emails from Hoosiers complaining about the law . Sergio said the national statistics purporting to show little negative economic effects do n't square with their experience .
“ I have not found one company , one person , one employee who has come to me and said , ‘ Boy , this is just great ! ' ” Sergio said . “ I hear 100 percent against the impacts so far . ”
Email Maureen Groppe at mgroppe @ gannett.com . Follow them on Twitter : @ mgroppe .
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/1M68yvx
Arsène Wenger unleashed a tirade at their Arsenal players on Thursday which startled some of them in its severity , as they sought to refocus minds following the club 's Champions League humiliation at Milan .
The manager bolted shut the doors of the dressing room at the training ground before the squad 's warm-down session to turn the air blue . Having repeatedly employed the carrot , this represented the use of a large stick and the players could not remember seeing them so incensed .
Wenger had been quiet in the dressing room at San Siro after the 4-0 last-16 first-leg defeat , which has all but pressed the club out of Europe 's elite competition for another season . It was their heaviest loss in Europe . Wenger prefers to analyse matches with a cool head and not deliver assessments in the heat of the moment but , after the early-morning return to Luton airport and a little sleep , their anger had not abated .
They had given the players a taste of what was to come in their post-match press conference , when they were unusually critical of their efforts , describing the result and performance as a `` disaster '' . `` We were punished and deservedly so , '' they said . `` I felt we were never in the game , we were very poor offensively and defensively . It was shocking to see how we were beaten everywhere . ''
Wenger has run the gamut of emotions during a turbulent season but the Milan reverse was too much to take . They must hope that their outpouring can galvanise the team ahead of Saturday 's FA Cup fifth-round tie at Sunderland , when Arsenal 's last hope of winning a first trophy since 2005 will be at stake . The priority , though , is to finish fourth in the Premier League and qualify for next season 's Champions League .
Wenger is expected to be without Laurent Koscielny , after the defender injured a knee at San Siro , and Thierry Henry has said their goodbyes at the end of their loan spell from the New York Red Bulls . Wenger will make changes to their starting lineup at the Stadium of Light and they are considering whether to rest the captain , Robin van Persie .
The forward Gervinho is in line to return after the Africa Cup of Nations , where they missed the decisive penalty for the Ivory Coast in their shoot-out defeat by Zambia in the final .
The mood in the Arsenal dressing room remained dark . `` We 're really disappointed , '' Mikel Arteta said . `` You fight for fourth place to play in games like this . We were all waiting for a game like this , against a great team in a great stadium , but you go down 4-0 and it 's a difficult one to take .
`` We were counterattacked too many times , playing away from home . We ca n't allow that to happen , and that was the key . They scored three goals on counterattacks . It 's very , very disappointing , it 's difficult to take and we have to change our minds because we have another tough game on Saturday . ''
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Bill Maher called out Republicans and said what the media wo n't . The Republican Party can only win elections by cheating .
Video :
http : //youtu.be/PKfuGUS05mI ? t=3m57s
Maher said , “ Let 's be honest . Republicans , the only way they win is they cheat . They cheat , and they stop people from voting . I mean , if you 're voting on a Tuesday . It 's a work day . It 's a horrible day to vote . Why ca n't we do it on our phone ? That 's such an anachronism that we actually have to go to a place on a work day . It 's ridiculous . We bank with our phone . I mean , if you made it easy , this country would look so different .
In the same segment , Maher pointed out that , with the defeat of Eric Cantor , all 278 Republicans in Congress are Christians and 277 of them are white . The demographics that make up the Republican Party are the same reason why Republicans are trying to make it more difficult to vote . The only way they can win is by keeping the electorate small and made up of older white conservatives .
Making it easier to vote , by allowing people to vote electronically , would render all of the tactics that Republicans are using to suppress Election Day turnout obsolete . If all working people in this country could vote with their phones , turnout would increase exponentially . Younger people are more likely to adopt technology early so electronic voting would cause the turnout among the young to soar . Older Americans who do n't drive , or have physical limitations would no longer have to worry about getting to the polls on Election Day .
One of the great voter suppression efforts that have gone unrecognized is the barriers to voting that disabled Americans are faced with . According to a 2009 report by the Government Accountability Office , 73 % of the nation 's polling places have partial or total physical impediments that make voting difficult or impossible for those with disabilities . According to the Census , 56.7 million people , or 19 % of the population , has a disability . This means that one in five Americans could be potentially having their vote suppressed because of polling place barriers to voting .
Bill Maher was correct . The country 's politics would look vastly different if it were easier to vote . Some people will not vote no matter how easy it is , but the name of the game for Republicans is making sure that as many people as possible do n't vote .
The media wo n't say it , but voter fraud is a myth . The mainstream press likes to discuss the electorate while conveniently ignoring Republican attempts to suppress the vote . Republicans ca n't win unless they cheat , and they will continue to try to shrink the vote until the media stops ignoring the problem .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Close
When a comet makes an extremely close pass by the planet Mars , scientists on Earth will get a good look at it -- courtesy of three orbiters and two rovers awaiting the event at the Red Planet .
Around a dozen assets , including the rovers and orbiters along with a suite of space-based and Earth-based telescopes , will zero in on Comet C/2013 , also dubbed comet Siding Spring , when it comes within 87,000 miles of Mars on Oct. 19 , NASA says .
The Mars orbiters should get a particularly good look at the comet , the space agency says .
`` Normally you send spacecraft to comets , '' says NASA program scientist Kelly Fast . `` Here , the comet is coming to our spacecraft . ''
The European Space Agency and India also have spacecraft orbiting Mars .
Comet Siding Spring , first detected at the beginning of 2013 , is estimated to have a nucleus measuring between half a mile and 5 miles in diameter .
It is approaching the sun near the end of a journey of a million miles that began in the Oort cloud , a spherical swarm of icy objects surrounding the most distant reaches of the solar system .
The Oort cloud is thought to be made up of material left over after the formation of our solar system 4.8 billion years ago .
Comet Siding Spring is making good time as it hurtles toward the sun , astronomers say , and when it passes Mars it will be traveling at more than 125 mph .
All of NASA 's eyes and ears will be focused on it when it makes its pass , scientists said .
`` This is a cosmic science gift that could potentially keep on giving , and the agency 's diverse science missions will be in full receive mode , '' says John Grunsfeld , associate administrator for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington . `` This particular comet has never before entered the inner solar system , so it will provide a fresh source of clues to our solar system 's earliest days . ''
In getting ready for the flyby of the comet , controllers are maneuvering three Mars orbiters -- the Mars Odyssey , Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) , and the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN ( MAVEN ) , to reduce any chance of impact with high-velocity particles of dust being thrown off by the comet .
NASA 's rovers Opportunity and Curiosity are set to make observations of the comet , as is the Hubble Space Telescope , several space observatories and a ground-based infrared telescope in Hawaii .
Images will be posted online before and after the comet flyby , NASA says .
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved . Do not reproduce without permission .
A wheelchair-bound woman with no legs has won a treadmill on US game show The Price Is Right .
In an episode this week Danielle Perez was called down to the stage with host Drew Carey , and seemed thrilled .
“ I 'm so excited right now ! ” they said .
Danielle had to correctly guess the higher cost out of a luxury sauna – and a treadmill .
“ Oh my god , these are really nice ! ” they said .
Host Drew Carey seemed to take their cue and remained oblivious to the potential insensitivity of the second prize .
“ So we 've got this nice treadmill , and we 've got this beautiful sauna , ” they said .
Danielle correctly guessed the sauna was worth $ 3,965 , and won both .
As the show went to air in the US social media lit up with criticism .
“ The Price is Right just gave a treadmill to a girl in a wheelchair… I know it 's random prizes , but c'mon , ” one tweet read .
But Danielle themselves has taken it in stride , updating their Twitter profile to read : “ camera ready , ambiguously ethnic , woman in a wheelchair who just won a TREADMILL on The Price Is Right . ”
They have re-tweeted several articles and comments about the prize , and even posted a screenshot of their face after the prize was revealed .
Danielle has taken to social media to relish the win . ( Twitter ) ( Twitter )
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
In this post , I 'm going to introduce you to a cool-looking graph , tell you what it means , and give the technical details of its generation—all because I think America might care . Here we go .
Introduction
Politics in America are hopelessly partisan , and all of the bickering serves only to cripple our nation at a moment of crisis when decisive action is called for . You know it . I know it . Barack Obama and John Boehner know it . Your grandma knows it .
Or do we know it ? The belief that American politics has become more polarized in recent decades is widespread . But is there any evidence for it ? While I make no attempt to provide a complete explanation for this disturbing trend in our nation 's governance , in this post I present some work that I believe provides an answer—a resounding confirmation that , according to at least one view of the situation , the politics of the United States are now more deeply divided than ever .
Though this work was done in collaboration with Michael Dimond as part of an advanced data mining course ( CS676 ) at BYU , I believe I am the sole author of the portions of our report excerpted below .
The Cool-Looking Graph
Here 's the pretty picture :
Bask in its glory—and be grateful , because that thing took a lot of work ! Make sure to click on the image to see the full-sized version . ( It will open in a new window/tab . )
What It Means
The above graph is a visual representation of the United States Senate across 222 years of legislative history . It is , in essence , a social network of senators across time—who voted like whom , what cliques and factions formed , etc . In other words , retroactive Facebook for America 's past politicians ? No , that 's going too far… .
Anyway , here 's how to interpret the graph . Each node ( circle ) represents a senator . An arc is drawn between two nodes if the two senators at the endpoints voted on the same bill at least once and voted the same way on bills more than 75 % of the time . Size and color of nodes indicate their centrality ( a measure of importance ) in the network . Scanning from left ( 1789 ) to right ( 2011 ) , a few trends emerge :
The height of the graph increases . Much of this can be attributed to the increase in the number of states , from 13 to 50 , meaning the number of senators serving simultaneously increased by 74 . The graph alternates between unity and polarization . Visually , unity looks like a single “ stream ” of nodes , whereas polarization is the graph splitting into two components that move in slightly different directions . In recent decades , the height of the graph has continued to increase in spite of the number of senators being fixed at 100 since 1959 . I assert that this corresponds to the phenomenon of increased polarization between the two parties .
I am interested in whether the flow of the graph can be correlated with developments in the American two-party system . Feel free to let me know your thoughts on that . For those wishing to play with the graph data , it 's available here .
Technical Details
This stuff gets pretty computer sciencey , so only read on if you really want to nerd out .
Data
The graph is generated using an aggregated and sanitized version of the THOMAS congressional data from govtrack.us . This yields 2.1 GiB of primarily XML-encoded congressional data from the 1st to the 112th congress . The data includes a record of votes by all legislators on all roll calls since the 1st congress , as well as party affiliation .
Social Graph Inference
Let be the set of all legislators and be the set of all sessions of congress . We define a legislator-to-legislator similarity function that returns a similarity score for all pairs of legislators that ever voted on the same roll call :
where
returns the set of all roll calls ( votes ) occurring in session ;
returns the set of all roll calls ( votes ) occurring in session ; is an indicator function returning 1 when is true , 0 otherwise ;
is an indicator function returning 1 when is true , 0 otherwise ; returns the vote cast by legislator on roll ; and
returns the vote cast by legislator on roll ; and is true iff legislator served in congressional session .
We use this similarity measure to construct a legislator affinity graph as follows :
Let be an undirected graph with a set of vertices and a set of weighted edges , such that
and
and
where
yields the vertex associated with a given legislator ;
yields the vertex associated with a given legislator ; yields an undirected edge with weight and endpoints and ,
yields an undirected edge with weight and endpoints and , and is a minimum similarity threshold .
Rendering
In practice , the above must be set high ( I used 0.75 ) to prevent the number of edges from being excessively large . Once the graph was constructed , it was loaded into Gephi , a graph visualization tool . Betweenness centralities were computed , nodes were sized and colored , and a force-directed layout algorithm was applied . I then manually rotated the graph so that earlier senators are located on the left and more recent senators on the right , to give the effect of a rough historical timeline . I exported this as an SVG file , then loaded it in the Inkscape vector graphics program . With the benefit of 16GB of RAM , I coaxed Inkscape into rendering a 20,000 pixel width PNG image of the graph . This was finally scaled to 10,000 pixels wide for web distribution using GIMP .
Acknowledgements
Thanks to Christophe Giraud-Carrier for teaching the class for which this graph was generated , and to Michael Dimond who , though not directly working on this portion of our project , was nevertheless an excellent collaborator . And to my friend who convinced me to finally finish this post .
Is this a joke or @ CENTCOM has lost its senses ? Do you believe anyone will buy this ? The US must stop trying to legitimize a terrorist group — Ibrahim Kalin ( @ ikalin1 ) January 12 , 2017
SDF confirms that it has no affiliation or ties to PKK pic.twitter.com/mvENTcBpoQ — U.S. Central Command ( @ CENTCOM ) 11 Ocak 2017
US posts SDF message denying PKK link The Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) said Wednesday it is not part of the PKK terror group in a message disseminated by the U.S. 's Middle East command . `` Our force is not part of the Kurdish Workers Party ( PKK ) , '' the SDF 's general command said in a statement posted on Central Command 's Twitter account . `` We are considering ourselves as a part of Syria nation and Syrian land . `` Washington has long relied on the SDF as its principal partner on the ground in the Syrian theater of the anti-Daesh fight.The group , which includes Kurdish , Arab and Turkmen fighters , is primarily comprised of the YPG.Turkey considers the group to be the Syrian offshoot of the PKK.Washington and Ankara have designated the PKK a terrorist organization but the U.S. has not similarly labeled the YPG . `` We announce that we will fight until the end to liberate and secure all the Syrian lands from the Daesh fighters , '' the SDF said . `` We also announce that we will continue our work with international coalition allies against terrorism . `` The SDF also said it is seeking improved relations with neighboring states , including Turkey .
Ibrahim Kalın , President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 's spokesperson , has slammed the U.S. Central Command for disseminating a message from the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) . “ Is this a joke or @ CENTCOM has lost its senses ? Do you believe anyone will buy this ? The US must stop trying to legitimize a terrorist group , '' tweeted Kalin.The U.S. Central Command shared a message from the SDF claiming that it was not affiliated with the Kurdistan Worker 's Party ( PKK ) . “ Our force is not a part of the PKK , we are considering our self as a part of Syria nation and Syrian land , '' the SDF General Commaind said.The U.S. has provided military support for groups in Syria , such as the SDF , the Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) and People 's Defense Units ( YPG ) , to combat Daesh . The YPG is a wing of the PYD , which is the Syrian branch of the PKK.Mark Toner , Deputy Spokesperson for the U.S. State Department described Washington 's alliance with the SDF and PYD as “ tactical support . `` Washington has coordinated airstrikes with these groups , and provided weapons and military training.In October 2015 , U.S. planes airdropped 50 tons of ammunition in 100 discrete bundles to the SDF . About 50 U.S. special forces operatives also arrived later that month in PYD territory to train and equip its fighters . In early 2016 , the U.S. took over an expanded airstrip south of Rumelian , a PYD-controlled town , to more easily deliver weapons to the SDF . PYD and SDF troops have an alliance , and fight side by side.Though the PYD , YPG and SDF deny their links to the PKK , the International Crisis Group has reported that PKK figures exert influence , noting that the PKK leadership “ exerts authority over the YPG . `` It is difficult to believe that the SDF , a group backed by the YPG , could be free of the PKK 's influence.The PKK , listed as a terrorist organization in Turkey , the European Union and the United States , has been conducting armed violence in the southeastern part of Turkey since 1984 . More than 40,000 people , mostly civilians , have been killed in the three-decade conflict .
Starz is getting an image makeover .
Beginning April 5 , the premium cable network will have a new logo and a new tagline— “ Starz : Obsessable. ” Sibling cabler Encore is also being drawn under the Starz brand umbrella with a new name and programming strategy . The primary Encore-branded channel will be rechristened Starz Encore and will carry previous seasons of Starz 's original series alongside the network 's library of classic films . Encore 's multiplex channels — including Encore Action , Encore Family and Encore Western — will be similarly rebranded with the Starz name . The combined Starz service will now include 14 channels .
The move comes as Starz continues to build its subscriber base on the back of an original programming strategy aimed at underserved audiences such as women and African-Americans . Starz has nosed past Showtime as the No . 2 pay cabler in subscribers with 23.6 million , although Showtime has added an undisclosed number of digital-only subscribers during the past year . And like HBO and Showtime , Starz has begun to shift toward a strategy meant to court digital viewers .
Part of the strategy is a forthcoming streaming app . The expedited timeline for the rebranding process , which took seven months from conception to launch , was in part built to get the branding out ahead of the app 's rollout . The design , developed with the marketing firm Troika , is meant to evoke the user experience of digital streaming services .
“ I liken it to taking the house down to the studs and rebuilding it , ” said Jeffrey Hirsch , Starz global maketing and product planning president . “ Every aspect of the house when you move in has to be done . So all of that stuff is on that same timeline . ”
Hirsch initiated the rebranding project shortly after being brought in by Starz CEO Chris Albrecht from Time Warner Cable in July . The Encore component in particular was designed to help cable operators better promote Starz 's suite of channels to customers . Although it is less watched than Starz , Encore boasts roughly 9 million more subscriber households than its sibling , as it is typically sold on a lower tier of movie networks . The company is betting that rebroadcasting reruns of its originals will motivate some of those 9 million to subscribe to Starz .
Evidence suggests they might . Nielsen found that during a January trial , more than 700,000 households not subscribed to Starz tuned in to reruns of “ Black Sails ” on Encore , and that 2 % of those households went on to subscribe to Starz and watch season 3 .
“ Premium is really sold at the distributor level , ” Hirsch said . “ They do the heavy lifting promoting the channels , right down to the call center level where the sell-in happens . ”
The new Starz branding will debut just four days before the second season of one of the network 's most popular shows , “ Outlander. ” It was the fan engagement for “ Outlander ” and other originals that inspired the “ Obsessable ” tagline 's creation .
“ We just kept seeing on social , ‘ I 'm # obsessed , ' whether it was on the Starz pages or on our show pages , ” said Alison Hoffman , Starz executive vice president of marketing . “ We thought there was something there . ”
With somewhat sparse overlap between the audiences for series such as female-skewing period piece “ Outlander , ” the gritty urban drama “ Power , ” and fanboy-friendly horror-comedy “ Ash vs . Evil Dead , ” Starz latched onto the notion of fandom as a unifying theme for its marketing strategy as the company heads toward its next evolutionary phase .
“ When you married the programming strategy to what we were seeing in the reaction , it kind of fell into place , ” Hirsch said .
A blank speed limit sign sits along a highway in New Jersey . DelDOT will increase speed limits on Del . 1 near the Dover Air Force Base . ( Photo : File photo . )
The speed limit on Del . 1 near the Dover Air Force Base will increase to 60 mph next week to more closely reflect the velocity that vehicles already travel on the roadway , the Delaware Department of Transportation announced Tuesday .
DelDOT crews on Monday will begin changing the speed limit signs along the highway between Trap Shooters Road and the Puncheon Run Connector . The 5-mph uptick from 55 mph will occur in both directions of that segment of the state 's primary north , south highway .
The current allowable speed on Del . 1 between Dover to I-95 is 65 mph .
The speed limit also will increase to 60 mph along the Puncheon Run Connector between U.S.13 and Del . 1 .
The changes are the result of a DelDOT engineering review , which determined 60 mph to be a safe speed for the designs of both highways , transportation officials said . The higher limits should create a more uniform speed among all vehicles on the roadway , they added .
DelDOT in May 2015 increased the speed limit on I-95 to 65 mph between the Maryland state line and the I-495 split south of Wilmington . The new allowable speed did not alter conditions on the interstate because most vehicles already moved at the higher velocity , said Gene Donaldson , DelDOT 's chief traffic manager .
`` On 95 , there was n't that much of a different in speed after we changed it , '' they said .
Contact Karl Baker at ( 302 ) 324-2329 or kbaker @ delawareonline.com . Follow them on Twitter @ kbaker6 .
STORY : NCCo to vote on new development rules
STORY : Direct train to Philadelphia airport closer to reality
Read or Share this story : http : //delonline.us/2hPQSOJ
The passenger plane nearly crashed into a foreign military aircraft after military air traffic control reported an `` invisible '' plane was circulating in the area .
`` It 's about a Russian military jet . We have identified it via Swedish combat pilots . There are no doubts about what kind of government aircraft it was , '' Defence Minister Peter Hultqvist told the TT news agency .
They added ; `` This is serious . It 's inappropriate . It 's downright dangerous . ''
Initial reports stated that the incident took place in the Swedish airspace but Hultqvist claimed this was not the case
`` It was over international airspace . There has definitely not been a violation , '' added Hultqvist .
Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter ( DN ) reported on Saturday that the incident was a close call and happened shortly before 1pm . It 's believed the military plane was flying near the skies of southern Sweden and had its transponder turned off - which makes it invisible to ordinary air traffic .
A Danish military spokesperson told DN that at least one Russian military jet was seen flying in the airspace between the Danish island of Bornholm and the southern Swedish city of Malmö on Friday at around the same time that a commercial flight nearly collided with an unidentified military aircraft .
The passenger plane was taking off from Kastrup airport in Denmark at the same time when military air traffic control spotted the foreign aircraft .
`` It could have ended really badly , '' said the Swedish Defence Air Forces chief Micael Bydén to Dagens Nyheter .
Upon discovery of foreign plane over Östersjön both the Swedish and Danish armed forces dispatched combat planes to identify it .
`` Suddenly the military plane took a sharp turn and the way I understood it is that there was about a minute from being a collision course with a passenger plane , '' Daniel Josefsson , who works in combat management at the combat control centre in Luleå , told the newspaper .
After becoming aware of the foreign plane the military air traffic control centre gave a frantic message to their counterparts in civilian air traffic control .
`` Our staff gave them a clear recommendation - 'do something , turn away ' - the civil traffic controller then did that , '' added Micael Bydén to TT .
The situation is very similar to an incident in March this year when a Russian military plane nearly collided with an SAS plane .
`` This incident in the spring was way too close , maybe 100 metres or fewer . In this instance we managed to avoid it getting that close , '' said Bydén .
In both of these incidents the aircraft had their transponders switched off , making them invisible for civil air traffic . Bydén says it is `` highly inappropriate '' that such aircraft choose to fly in highly populated airspace .
`` I would say it is among the most stupid things you could do , '' they said .
Jesper Duevang Rasmussen of the Danish Air Force told DN that Danish military jets “ identified Russian military aircraft in the area ” but did not comment on the type of plane or if there was more than one .
Speaking to Danish newspaper Berlingske , Rasmussen said that Denmark sent F-16s to meet and identify the aircraft . The Danish pilots reported that the spotted aircraft was Russian .
The Swedish military had earlier determined what type of plane was circulating and which country it belongs to but declined to go public with the information before the Defence Minister stated it was from Russia .
The Local/pr
Dave Fletcher saw the writing on the wall when the regular hordes of Halloween costume hunters last month were a fraction of what they were three years ago .
After operating Chuckles Unlimited at 6130 1A Street S.W . for 15 years , Fletcher and their wife , Bernadette , had weathered the highs and lows of operating a small business , but had always continued to grow since they purchased the legendary Calgary costume and novelty shop , a staple business in Calgary for more than three decades .
But after enduring three trying years , Fletcher said they have no choice but to pull the plug on the labour of love , with costs soaring , business waning and a future that is at best uncertain .
“ It was n't the way we wanted to go , ” said the 58-year-old , who took a flyer on the business when it was set to close its doors 15 years ago , mortgaging their house to secure the necessary capital .
“ There were a lot of tears . There was a lot of discussion back and forth — my wife wanted to continue against all odds .
“ We 're just trying to get out now without any deep scars . ”
Fletcher said the hope now is to make a bit of money back from its closing sale and potentially find a buyer for the property , but they admit he 's realistic .
Set to close in the coming weeks , Chuckles is n't listed among the number of closures the city has seen over the first 10 months of 2017 , which has already reached nearly 5,600 . While the numbers likely wo n't reach the 7,200 closures recorded last year , it will still likely be well above the normal annual average of about 6,000 .
Even as business closures soar higher than normal , the number of new business licences issued continues at a breakneck pace , which , according to Calgary Chamber of Commerce spokesperson Scott Crockatt , is a hopeful sign as Calgary slowly emerges from a punishing economic slump .
“ What we 're seeing from the chamber of commerce 's perspective is the numbers are similar to last year , but they 're showing continuous signs of improvement , ” they said .
“ While things certainly are n't rosy , we certainly seem to be coming out of it . ”
Alongside the 5,597 closures so far in 2017 , the city has also issued 6,184 new business licences , which Crockatt said is a good sign for a recovering economy .
The chamber is set to release its latest business survey in the coming days , Crockatt said , noting many share the same concerns : trying to grow their companies by finding new revenue streams while navigating a dizzying array of new government regulations , taxes and other hurdles that are particularly painful for small- and medium-sized businesses already enduring a slumping economic climate .
“ Given the economy , I do n't think it 's surprising to see thousands of closures over the last two years , ” Crockatt said , noting they 've warned merchants to be ready for an extended period of low and slow growth .
“ But we 're also seeing signs of optimism in the years ahead . Entrepreneurs are eternal optimists , and we 're definitely hearing from businesses that they have to work harder and be smarter to make money . ”
But even for the most optimistic , the reality of operating a business in such a difficult climate can be daunting .
For 28 years , Peter Brown operated the Screech and Schooner Lounge and Tom 's House of Pizza at 3908A 17th Avenue S.E. , maintaining a small but loyal customer base for the Newfoundland-themed pub .
Earlier this month , Brown was forced to close their doors for the last time , a sign on the door blaming a combination of city road construction , the economic downturn and the provincial government .
“ Tom 's House of Pizza and the Screech & Schooner Lounge are now permanently closed due in part to the construction along 17th Avenue , the economic climate in Calgary and of course the NDP government , ” read a typed sign on a plain sheet of paper on the business 's door .
“ Pete and staff would like to thank all our customers for their support over the years and the many memories . ”
Brown was still too distraught to comment on the closure , but friend and occasional performer at the live music venue , Bruce Wahlers , said while Brown made a valiant effort to keep the business afloat , they ultimately became victim to death by a thousand cuts .
“ When you 're getting hit from every direction , it was very much like they were playing a game of dodgeball , and they were the only one not holding onto a ball , ” they said .
“ I think the death knell for them was all the construction . They had regulars walking two blocks to get there because all the parking was gone .
“ He 's a fighter and he 's a survivor , but at some point you just have to say , ‘ I give . ' ”
Friends of the pub held a fundraising concert at the Screech and Schooner last month , Wahlers said , but the loss of access and the removal of their long-standing sign along 17th Avenue S.E . made it impossible to stay afloat .
“ He was putting out an ungodly amount of money every month just to keep the doors open , ” Wahlers said .
“ Pete did n't draw a salary from that place for years . They survived 28 years through the worst of it — it 's sad . ”
Another long-standing Calgary business announced this week it would be shutting its doors . Catch restaurant on Stephen Avenue Mall posted a short message on its website that it was going to close its doors in response to the city 's economic climate .
“ We wish to inform our many loyal customers that Catch & The Oyster Bar will serve our final guests on Friday , November 17th , ” the note read , in part .
“ While we 're extremely proud of what this establishment has meant to Calgarians and the careers of many , it 's definitely bittersweet that the economic downturn made it unsustainable to continue . ”
The city , meanwhile , has made efforts to help small businesses , launching a new online hub to help to aspire and existing business owners as well as enhancing services internally to streamline processes for merchants .
slogan @ postmedia.com
On Twitter : @ ShawnLogan403
Calgary business climate ( Jan. to Oct. ) 2017 :
Closed businesses : 5,597
New business licences issued : 6,184
Business licence applications : 7,607
Businesses moved : 1,205
Renewal licences issued : 25,318
Calgary business climate 2016 :
Closed businesses : 7,214
New business licences issued : 7,376
Business licence applications : 9,359
Businesses moved : 1,411
Renewal licences issued : 31,357
New York ( AFP ) – US rights groups filed a legal challenge Saturday to President Donald Trump 's order halting the arrival of refugees and travelers from seven Muslim countries .
The suit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and other advocacy groups after two Iraqi men were detained Friday night at John F. Kennedy Airport in New York . It seeks their release on grounds of unlawful detention .
The groups asked that the challenge be given class action status so they can represent all refugees and travelers held up because of Trump 's executive order on Friday .
The New York Times reported that airport authorities started detaining travelers as early as Friday night .
It said one of the Iraqi men held in New York had worked for the US government in Iraq for 10 years and the other was coming to America to join their wife , who had worked for a US contractor .
The Times quoted their lawyers as saying both men had valid visas to travel to the United States .
Tom Shales On TV is a new weekly column by the Pulitzer-winning critic . He 'll write not only on all things television but also about our culture and the forces that shape it . Look for them on Tuesdays .
One worrisome thing about `` The Tonight Show '' with Conan O'Brien is that the people who put it together does n't appear to be worried . Maybe they 're putting up a brave front or a happy face , but from the way they talk , you 'd almost think the ratings were ducky .
When I dropped by during a recent trip to Los Angeles , life backstage at O'Brien 's lavishly outfitted new studio reflected the standard pandemonium that comes with getting any TV show on the air . O'Brien flew by the greenroom with their tie untied and their shirt untucked , looking their boyish , pasty and anemic self . A happy sort of chaos prevailed in what might be called The Cone-Zone .
When I offered my congratulations , however , I got a more rueful than giddy smile . `` I 'm not sure congratulations are in order , '' they said , but good-naturedly . In fact , they are to be congratulated for how the show has been going -- it 's nothing if not lively and laugh-packed -- but not , of course and alas , for how it 's been doing in the ratings . After a walloping good start in June , the ratings plunged into the fruit cellar . Now , it 's typical for O'Brien 's NBC show to come in third , after CBS 's `` Late Show With David Letterman '' and ABC 's war-horsy `` Nightline . ''
The situation is complicated by the fact that O'Brien has long been an admirer of the persnickety Letterman 's ; Dave even made an appearance on O'Brien 's `` Late Night '' show long after Dave had gone to CBS . `` Late Night '' was , of course , Letterman 's old stamping ground , and what influential stamping it was . Letterman 's picture was posted on a wall of O'Brien 's New York set , near late-night comedy gods Johnny Carson and Jack Paar .
Letterman `` changed '' when they went from 12:35 a.m. to 11:35 p.m. , and O'Brien changed , too . They tidied up . The show is less bizarre-o , the comedy less eclectic and surreal . The props and costumes and even the graphics are slicker and have less of a homemade feel . Some of this is inevitable ; there are many more viewers to please an hour earlier , and they are less likely to find self-mocking tackiness to be cute and amusing .
The obvious dilemma : You change too much , you 're no longer Conan and you alienate your fan base . Change too little and older viewers may find the show too cuckoo and silly .
Anyone who 's a fan of both comics , and it 's easy to be just that , has a hard time deciding not only which to watch but also whom to root for . Both shows can succeed -- there are plenty of viewers to go around , and a great show will lure back expatriates who 've wandered off to cable or to recordings they 've made of prime-time shows they missed . Still , it 's hard to conceive of any race without a loser .
If only they could take turns -- Letterman winning one week , O'Brien the next . NBC always says that O'Brien has the best demographics in late night , a solid following of viewers in the 18-to-34 range , but that 's victory with an asterisk . Scorekeepers still like as many bodies as possible , even though in Madison Avenue 's view if you 're over 55 , you might as well be dead .
Television , thou cruel mistress ! O'Brien has just returned from a week 's vacation during which , their producer Jeff Ross insists , little tinkering needed to be done and scant thought given to changes . That does n't sound realistic , but the worst thing to do would be to go into panic mode ( that 's what network executives do ) . As Jay Leno themselves recently noted , they had a rough time in the ratings during their first year as well , then went on to reign supreme for 16 years .
What , if anything , is Conan doing wrong ? One of Leno 's producers helped cure Leno 's weak early ratings by warming them up -- that is , bringing the host and the studio audience physically closer to each other , and introducing the ridiculously corny gimmick of having Jay shake hands with a gaggle of pre-selected audience members while the rest of the crowd joined in a strangely mandatory standing ovation .
O'Brien might need warming up , too . They look oddly lonely out on that enormous set with bandleader Max Weinberg and sidekick Andy Richter each so far away ( though Johnny Carson was n't much closer to Ed McMahon and Doc Severinsen ) .
If robots are to become a common sight in homes and public spaces , they will need to respond more intuitively to human actions and behave in ways that are easier for humans to understand . This week , at the 2009 IEEE Human-Robot Interaction ( HRI ) conference , in La Jolla , CA , researchers will present recent progress toward these twin goals .
Talking to me ? : This robot , called Robovie , uses gaze cues to manage a conversation involving more than one person .
Several research teams are exploring ways for robots to both recognize and mimic the subtle , nonverbal side of human communication : eye movements , physical contact , and gestures . Mastering these social subtleties could help machines convey meanings to supplement speech and better respond to human needs and commands . This could be crucial if robots are ever to fulfill their potential as personal assistants , teaching aides , and health-care helpers , say those involved .
Scientists from Carnegie Mellon University will present details of experiments involving a robot that uses eye movement to help guide the flow of a conversation with more than one person . Developed in collaboration with researchers from Japan 's Osaka University and from ATR Intelligent Robotics and Communication Laboratory , this trick could prove particularly useful for robots that act as receptionists in buildings or malls , or as guides for museums or parks , the scientists say .
“ The goal is [ to ] use human communication mechanisms in robots so that humans interpret behaviors correctly and respond to them in an appropriate way , ” says Bilge Mutlu , a member of the team from Carnegie Mellon . After all , Mutlu notes , “ we do n't want to create an antisocial , shy robot . ”
The robot used for the experiments , called Robovie , was developed previously at ATR . To give Robovie the ability to combine gaze with speech , the researchers first developed a model of the way that people use their eyes during a conversation or a discussion . They studied the social-cognition literature to develop predictive models , and then refined these models by collecting data from laboratory observations . Finally , the group incorporated this data into the software that controls Robovie in different conversational settings .
Human interaction : Robovie interacts with volunteers .
During the experiments , Robovie played the role of a travel agent , greeting participants , introducing itself , and then asking a series of questions to determine where the participants would like to travel . Three conversational scenarios were also tested : addressing one participant while ignoring the other ; addressing one participant while acknowledging the other as a bystander with quick glances ; and addressing both participants equally , with equal amounts of eye contact .
The team found that Robovie was able to guide the flow of a conversation effectively . Those at whom the robot gazed for longer took more turns speaking , those to whom Robovie sent acknowledging glances spoke less , and those who were ignored completely spoke the least . This pattern was consistent about 97 percent of the time . The researchers say that future work will combine the robot 's gaze with other nonverbal cues , including gestures .
Another team at the conference is focusing on simple physical contact . Using a small , remote-controlled humanoid robot , scientists from the Netherlands conducted an experiment in which they showed volunteers the robot attempting to assist a person using a computer . The volunteers described the robot as less machine-like and more dependable when it proactively offered help and engaged in physical contact with , for instance , a shoulder pat or a high five . “ We showed that how behaviors such as proactiveness and touch are combined matters , ” says Henriette Cramer , a researcher and PhD candidate at the University of Amsterdam , who will present the findings tomorrow . They say that the goal of their team 's research is to find out when and what kind of physical contact works . “ We think touch is an important aspect of interaction and we want to further explore its effects , especially in combination with other social behaviors , ” they add .
“ We 're really looking at building into these robots very humanlike social abilities , ” says Brian Scassellati , a professor who studies human-robot interaction at Yale University and who is the program co-chair for HRI 2009 . The field of human-robot interaction is young but growing rapidly , says Scassellati , and it is revealing much about human social psychology . “ It 's only really in the last 10 years or so that we 've had the computational and perceptual capability on these machines to really make a difference , ” they note .
MDL Material Authoring
Big news : It 's now possible to create beautiful , multi-layered MDL materials with Substance Designer ! NVIDIA 's universal Material Definition Language has been supported since version 5.3 , but the authoring capabilities in 5.5 make Substance Designer an industry first – a texture creation tool that can be used for authoring MDL materials .
All artist and designers can benefit from this new feature , which lets you combine your tweakable Substances into MDL materials in a material editor interface , or start from scratch – no coding required .
For the first time , you can create a whole range of materials with realistic transparencies , including multi-layered materials like skin and car paint with realistic effects such as flakes , sub-surface scattering and anisotropy . If you missed our use case about creating materials for the Hyundai Genesis 380 , it 's a good example of the new things that are possible with material authoring .
State aid has been frozen since 2003
The soaring cost of funerals is pushing low income families into debt , a report by MPs has concluded .
The Work and Pensions Committee found that state aid for essential funeral costs has been fixed at £700 since 2003 .
By contrast , the costs of a funeral rose by 3.9 % from 2014 to 2015 alone .
This means funeral payments for those who can prove they are entitled now fall far short of covering even a basic funeral , the Committee said .
Funeral payments are only available to people who have no one close to the deceased who could pay for the funeral . This means eligibility depends on subjective assessment of interpersonal relationships , before any financial assessments are even made .
An application requires a final bill from the funeral director which means the bereaved must commit to the expense before having any clear idea of what or if payment will be received . Processing time is then longer than the normal or faith-mandated time between death and burial , but some funeral directors refuse to proceed without payment because of the uncertainty in the process .
The Committee heard evidence of one mother who was forced to freeze their son 's body for months while they saved enough to pay for a funeral , and of bereaved people who were denied their relative 's ashes because of a shortfall in the final payment .
Frank Field MP , chair of the Committee , said the interaction between an opaque and outdated public system of bereavement support and a market in funeral services which does not operate normally is causing problems .
“ We are concerned by the lack of protection in the market for bereaved customers , particularly those on low incomes . They are vulnerable and may not be inclined to shop around . This is not conducive to effective operation of the market , ” they said .
Field said people are going into debt at a time when they are grieving and vulnerable .
“ We do not want a return to the spectre of miserable ‘ pauper 's funerals ' . We urge the government to conduct a cross-departmental review of burials , cremations and funerals , with outcomes that will address the factors driving up funeral director fees and work to reduce funeral poverty , ” they said .
A recent report by SunLife found 41 % of people in the UK make no provision at all for their own funerals and this is putting 17 % of those left behind into financial hardship . Half have to borrow money , either from friends or relatives ( 21 % ) , the bank or a loan provider ( 8 % ) or via a credit card ( 21 % ) .
The research also found that only 1 % of those organising a funeral knew all of their loved ones wishes .
Everybody knows it 's illegal to impersonate a police officer . But did you know it 's also a federal crime to dress up as a postal worker unless you 're employed by the U.S . Postal Service or an actor ? You may have to rethink your sexy Cliff Clavin costume this Halloween .
The folks over at @ CrimeADay brought this little fun fact to our attention :
Advertisement
So what 's the penalty for representing yourself as a postal worker ? A potential fine and up to six months in prison . Yeesh .
Most postal workers are incredibly hard-working government employees who perform their jobs admirably and deserve our utmost respect . And maybe there 's a good argument to be made that the postal worker 's uniform should be protected so that it 's harder for people to commit fraud , posing as mail carriers and stealing your mail .
But after last week 's revelations that a real live postal worker had been stealing and hoarding over 40,000 pieces of mail that they were supposed to deliver , dating back to at least 2005 , some people in Brooklyn may as well have handed their letters off to any schmuck in a postal uniform .
Advertisement
Image : Postal worker in Miami in 2012 via Getty Images
Factually is Gizmodo 's new blog of fun facts , interesting photos , and weird trivia . Join us on Twitter and Facebook .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
December 30th , 2008
None of the stories that I 've read about the death of Jennifer Ellis-Seitz mentioned that they were involved with training poll workers for upcoming elections in Florida .
So , we have :
( A reporter ) from ( Florida ) , who also happened to be involved with ( Florida elections ) , supposedly committed ( suicide ) during a cruise that they took with their family to celebrate their one year wedding anniversary .
I thought I 'd mention the Florida elections part , since it does n't seem to be worth mentioning in regular media stories about this .
Via : Florida Today :
The U.S. Coast Guard has suspended its search for a former FLORIDA TODAY newsroom employee who reportedly fell from a cruise ship balcony off the coast of Mexico .
Family members on Monday said they previously had suffered from emotional problems .
Jennifer Ellis-Seitz was reported missing from Norwegian Pearl just before 5 a.m. Friday . According to news reports , there is video of a woman going overboard about eight hours earlier .
“ The family suspects that Jennifer chose an unfortunate ending to their life , ” family members said in a press release e-mailed to FLORIDA TODAY . “ She was a beautiful and caring person and will be truly missed by all who love her . ”
Family members say that Ellis-Seitz and their husband , Raymond , were celebrating their one-year anniversary on the cruise . They had invited Ellis ' mother along .
“ There were no outward signs or indication of anything being wrong or unusual , ” both families said in the joint statement . “ Jennifer , however , has had previous emotional issues . ”
The family said their husband and mother discovered them missing at around 2 a.m. , saying it was common for them to walk the ship late at night when they could not get to sleep .
Ellis-Seitz worked at FLORIDA TODAY from 2000 to 2004 , mainly covering breaking news for www.floridatoday.com . They recently had been working as a free-lance writer .
During the recent elections , they worked for the Polk County Supervisor of Elections Office . Records show their most recent address is in Winter Haven .
“ It was a seasonal job , ” said spokesperson Judy Walker with the election 's office . “ Our hearts go out to their family and our prayers and thoughts are that they will be found OK . ”
Mexican Navy and U.S. Coast Guard boats and helicopters searched the waters off the Caribbean resort of Cancun for Ellis-Seitz .
Fifth Naval Regional Command said in a statement it had found no sign of Seitz . The search took place over 17 miles east of Cancun and beyond . Crews covered more than 2,500 square miles searching for Seitz .
Family members said that Ellis-Seitz often walked the ship into the late hours when they were having trouble sleeping . Them husband and mother did not become alarmed until 2 a.m. when they had not returned to their cabin . They searched the ship for them before alerting authoritiees an hour later .
Norwegian Cruise Line said the ship returned to Miami Sunday after a seven-day cruise .
Ellis-Seitz 's former husband , Michael Rich of Brevard County , confirmed the news . Rich said they were shocked , but did not wish to comment further . They were married in 2005 for a year .
The family press release also said : “ Jennifer was in a very happy and uplifted mood both before and during the cruise . They were excited about starting a new job and their future career with a local newspaper .
“ She and their husband had been talking about starting their family . ”
More : Jennifer Ellis-Seitz 's resume from Orlando Sentinel :
Jennifer Ellis-Seitz
Owner of NewsHound Communications Orlando area
Current Trainer/Writer at Supervisor of Elections Owner at NewsHound Communications Past Instructor at Brevard Community College Reporter at Florida Today Education : Queen 's University University of Charlotte
Summary :
Twelve years of teaching and training experience , combined with seven years of reporting and writing experience . When I 'm not teaching , writing or writing teaching materials I skydive , snorkel , SCUBA and hold a CDL Class B with passenger endorsement . I 've also been know to karoke a mean tune .
Experience :
Trainer/Writer Supervisor of Elections ( Government Administration industry )
June 2008 – Present ( 7 months )
Writer , producer and online enhancer of materials related to training poll workers for the upcoming elections . Specific duties include writing , creating and presenting training relating to the Americans with Disabilities Act and HAVA . In addition , I also teach classes presenting materials to classrooms of poll workers .
Owner NewsHound Communications ( Media Production industry )
January 2000 – Present ( 9 years )
* Freelance editing , writing and media relations business specializing in Central Florida 's travel and tourism industry . Clients include editorial services for a bi-monthly newspaper in Celebration , FL . Additional services include writing , radio voice-over work , commercial writing , jingles Web design , video taping and graphic visual design .
* Supervise a staff of up to 20 . Prepared press releases have picked up by several world-wide publications ; a PSA for the health care agency was aired on the number one Arbitron rated afternoon show in Orlando .
* Edit , proofread and streamline materials to meet clients needs .
Instructor Brevard Community College August 2003 – December 2006 ( 3 years 5 months ) Instructor of Prep Writing , Prep Reading
Reporter Florida Today August 2000 – May 2004 ( 3 years 10 months )
* Wrote , compiled and posted breaking news stories for online Web site floridatoday.com as well as print editions of Florida Today .
* Web production : Responsible for production , proofing and multimedia components of floridatoday.com .
* Collaborated as on-air personality with news partner WKMG Local 6 ( CBS ) First News .
* Position required fast thinking , attention to detail and ability to work under pressure with constant deadlines .
Education :
Queen 's University University of Charlotte BA , English/Communications , 1993 – 1995 Activities and Societies : Chamber Singers , student government , college newspaper , YMCA
Honors :
Member Phi Theta Kappa national honor society
Member , Florida Council of Teacher 's of English
Member , Society of Professional Journalists
Knight Center for Specialized Journalism Fellowship , University of Maryland
John S. and James L. Knight Fellowship , Salzburg Seminar , Salzburg , Austria
Coincidence ? , Florida | Posted in Assassination Top Of Page
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Timothy Beard ( WMUR )
A New Hampshire man seriously wounded their brother while handling a gun as they played video games with friends .
Timothy Beard , their brother and two friends were at an apartment playing the first-person shooter video game “ Halo ” Sunday night in Goffstown when they got impatient while waiting their turn , reported WMUR-TV .
The 23-year-old Beard picked up their 9 mm handgun and began messing around with the weapon , police said .
“ When a zombie comes , hit them like this , in the head , ” Beard said , according to their girlfriend .
Another witness said Christian Beard dared their brother to shoot — and the older man pulled the trigger .
One round fired through the younger man 's forehead , and the brothers ' friends tried to provide first aid as they waited for emergency crews to arrive .
Witnesses said the men had been drinking as they played video games , but they said none of them had been arguing .
Timothy Beard told police they did n't think the gun was loaded and did not mean to shoot their brother , who suffered life-threatening injuries and remains listed in critical condition .
They were charged with second-degree assault and reckless conduct , and the assault charge could be upgraded if the younger man dies .
Their girlfriend said Beard had bought the handgun several weeks earlier to protect against a break-in .
Witnesses described the brothers as best friends .
Watch this video report posted online by WMUR-TV :
The final night of the Republican National Convention was as confusing and incoherent as it was disturbing . Before Donald Trump brought forward their chilling imitation of history 's greatest fascists , Ivanka Trump and Peter Thiel made bizarre plays for the votes of women and LGBT people .
Ivanka Trump riffed on issues like equal pay and affordable childcare , which are typically Democratic issues . Thiel announced that he 's `` proud to be gay '' to wild applause from a roomful of people who are the very base that voted against the rights and dignity of LGBT people , over and over again .
Advertisement :
`` This is a distraction from our real problems , '' Thiel said of the battle over trans people using the bathroom . `` Who cares ? ''
Well , the people in the audience care . Indeed , they are the only people who care at all . If all Republican voters agreed tomorrow to stop worrying about trans people in bathrooms , the issue would evaporate and no one would ever talk about it again . But the way the audience went nuts , you would think that it 's Democrats who are passing a bunch of laws policing who uses what bathroom .
This display , however , should not be mistaken for Trump attempting to pull the Republican party to the left .
Trump was aiming for another message entirely : That white people — gay or straight , male or female — should come together , hold hands , and agree that the scary dark-skinned people are a bunch of murdering rapists who are coming to kill us all .
`` Make America One Again '' was the theme , and it was immediately made clear that `` one '' was defined in white nationalist terms . Their speech painted a dark picture of `` massive refugee flows '' and `` violence spilling across our borders '' and that this brown-skinned menace `` will overwhelm your schools and hospitals '' . The `` unity '' theme of the night was one of white people unifying in a shared hatred and fear of the dark-skinned other , who supposedly preys on and means to destroy white people .
It 's frightfully easy to see how their strategy can work . The religious right is in decline and it 's harder than ever to build conservative coalitions around the notion that gay people or women do n't deserve equal rights . Many conservative people have out gay friends and relatives . Women like Ivanka Trump — professional , successful , and beautiful — are becoming just as much a conservative ideal as the happy homemaker of yore .
Advertisement :
That the right would reorganize itself around more racist lines , under the circumstances , makes sense . The right needs an `` us vs. them '' narrative to justify its existence . With `` traditionalists vs. modernists '' breaking down , `` white vs. everyone else '' is stepping in to fill its place .
The obvious hope of the Trump camp is that their hate-and-fear message can bring in white voters the Republicans have lost over the years to anti-feminism and homophobia . They may not be religious conservatives , the thinking seems to go , but they are afraid of Syrian refugees .
All that said , it 's also hard to imagine that this is a path to victory for Trump . To win , it 's not enough for Trump to get the people who voted for Mitt Romney in 2012 ; they have to chip off some of Barack Obama 's voters . It 's hard to imagine many who are both willing to pull the lever for a black president and open to the racist diatribe Trump just barfed on our nation .
Accommodation of migrants and refugees in France in accordance with EU intake quota is not welcomed by 57 percent of the country 's citizens , a poll conducted by Elabe research organization upon the request of BFMTV broadcaster revealed on Wednesday .
© REUTERS / Antonio Bronic EU Must Set Up External Centers to 'Sort Out Migrants From Terrorists '
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — According to the survey , the ratio of opponents to migration dropped from 56 to 47 percent in September 2015 after media circulated the image of the 3-year-old Syrian boy 's body lying face down in the sand after the shipwreck , however anti-migration sentiments grew stronger again later in the year .
The poll showed , that almost eight respondents out of ten support the government 's plan to dismantle the Calais camp sheltering undocumented migrants and refugees .
The camp , also known as `` The Jungle '' is notorious for its squalid conditions , the numerous attempts of its inhabitants to break into the Channel Tunnel in a desperate bid to reach the United Kingdom and multiple police raids .
French media reported earlier in September that the government planned to provide 12,000 migrants living in provisional camps with shelter . The migrants would disperse across France from current makeshift camps in Paris and Calais .
Europe has been beset by a massive refugee crisis , with hundreds of thousands of undocumented migrants fleeing their crisis-torn countries of origin in the Middle East and North Africa to escape violence and poverty . The majority of them cross the Mediterranean Sea and arrive in the European Union using southern EU nations as transit points .
Last summer , the European Union signed an agreement on refugees resettlement , which seek to diminish the pressure on frontline states . The EU 's member states will share around 160,000 refugees , with France due to admit about 30,000 refugees .
LifeProof iPhone 4 Case - Gear Review
While wondering the halls of the Outdoor Retailer show some months ago , I ran into a display that was nothing short of amazing . A guy had a brand new iPhone 4 in a slick little black case and they were absolutely abusing it . Dunking it in water , whacking it with a hammer , dropping it on the floor and covering it in super fine sand , any of which would have rendered a naked phone immediately worthless . The banner behind them read LifeProof , and that is exactly what this case is .
Not a problem ... So the next big test was to bring this thing with to the BWCA for a few days in the woods . I walked around with my phone in my pocket the whole time , went for a swim , not a problem at all , but that is n't what impressed me . What did is this little story .
Dinner time by the campfire , sun was down and it was dark , I mean `` can '' t see your feet '' dark . I am sitting on a log cutting my steak ( yeah we eat pretty well up there ) . I had several pieces cut up so as I usually do I went to stab my knife in the log next to me and when I jammed it down I did n't hit wood . I knew immediately what I had done , I just stabbed my razor sharp camp knife into the face of my iPhone , the screen was going to be toast for sure , right . To my utter amazement the case saved it . Not only did it save it but the knife only dented the case , it is STILL waterproof and works as well as the day it came out of the box .
All in all , I am amazed by this case . If you play outside and have an iPhone 4 , this will be the best $ 79.99 you 've ever spent !
Here is one of LifeProof 's videos of the case underwater snorkeling ... Thought it was pretty cool .
Now , I was a little skeptical when I got one of these things in my hand . It did n't seem like it was beefy enough to do all the things it claimed it could do . It 's no thicker than a normal case , unlike the chunky Otter Box case that has been the standard in rugged iPhone protection . The screen cover seemed uber-thin ; and how was water not going to get through the slot over the speaker ? ? ? Once I watched the `` Installation Video '' , put the case on and played with it for a few minutes , I was ready to put it through the paces . I reluctantly went to the driveway and dropped it from about shoulder height to the concrete , no problem , whew . Next , off to the shower to see how it handles a little water , note that I was n't ready to submerge this thing just yet . Here is a little video of trial # 1 ....
26 August 2000 | nz man
A masterpiece ! Spiritually uplifting . Touches the heart and soul deeply .
It is perplexing to read a few comments below that rubbish this film . To me , and to so many others , it is unequaled in it 's beauty , sensitivity and deep spiritual perception into this amazing world that we inhabit .
Really , I think if anyone watches this film and can not feel uplifted to the heavens , then they must be spiritually deadened by cynicism and negativity .
Even without DVD and the big screen , we have enjoyed repeated viewing of this EXCEPTIONAL film . I first saw it in Sydney , in Panavision 's huge screen , and was totally blown away by the cinematography as well as the profoundly moving music . But even on VHS here at home , it touches me ever so deeply .
10 out of 10 . An incredible experience ! !
A police officer has revealed how they were left stunned when a force helicopter caught sight of a big cat on Arthur 's Seat during a hunt for a missing woman .
The curious discovery was made early in 2012 , as police searched for a vulnerable mum following the discovery of a two-day-old baby abandoned near St Leonards Police Station
It was n't a domestic cat , because on the same part of the screen you could see the female police officer and this thing was , you know , three times the size of them It was huge. ” Inspector Nick Whyte
Desperate to track them down , the police 's Air Support Unit was sent to swoop over Holyrood Park with infrared camera gear .
Inspector Nick Whyte , who was on board the helicopter that night , said : “ The helicopter was called out at one o'clock in the morning and we went along and we were searching around the area of undergrowth [ where the baby was found ] .
“ We detected a very large heat source that we thought was possibly the mother . As I directed a female police officer towards it , the heat source got up and it turns out it was a big cat – we think a puma or something like that .
“ We could n't believe what we were seeing . It was n't a domestic cat , because on the same part of the screen you could see the female police officer and this thing was , you know , three times the size of them It was huge .
“ She could n't see it and they could n't hear it . I just told them calmly to stop where they were and turn around and walk away , and they did . The cat bounded off , never to be seen again . Sadly we do n't have the video footage from it .
“ Big cats are alive and well in Edinburgh . ”
They added : “ I think the mother was found some days later , alive and well . ”
SEE ALSO :
• Beast of Ormiston : ‘ Big cat ' caught on video
• Police on the prowl for big cats across Lothian
• Do giant paw prints mean big cat is on the prowl in Capital ?
• Police hunt mystery big cat after woman , 74 , injured in attacks
Science has changed our world . We take for granted the impact of the physical and biological sciences on our world , forgetting that it once took months to get from the East coast to the West coast or to communicate with someone across the ocean . Science has dramatically improved our health too . In nineteenth century England more than 100,000 people died of cholera before John Snow showed that contaminated water was the cause of cholera .
It might seem that no such stunning changes are possible when it comes to human behavior . We continue to have significant problems with crime , drug abuse , depression , academic failure , and poverty . Reading the headlines , you might think that we have made no progress on these problems and that no change is possible .
But you would be wrong . A great deal of progress has taken place on how we can treat and prevent these problems and it is this science that has the potential to enhance human wellbeing far beyond the physical sciences .
If you are unaware of the progress of the behavioral sciences , it is because progress is relatively recent and because the policies and programs that can prevent or ameliorate these problems are not yet in widespread use . We are on the cusp of a revolution in the use of behavioral science that will improve the wellbeing of people in ways that will prove as dramatic as the changes we have seen in medicine , physics , and chemistry .
The Institute of Medicine 's report on prevention put it this way : `` The scientific foundation has been created for the nation to begin to create a society in which young people arrive at adulthood with the skills , interests , assets , and health habits needed to live healthy , happy , and productive lives in caring relationships with others . ''
The report showed that over the past 40 years , behavioral scientists have developed preventive interventions for every phase of development -- from the prenatal period through adolescence . Numerous programs for families and schools have been shown , through rigorous randomized trials , to prevent multiple problems among young people . Most of these interventions continue to prevent problems long after the program has ended . And most save far more money in reduced criminal justice , victim , special education , and healthcare costs than it takes to deliver them .
At the same time , behavioral scientists have identified an array of policies that are beneficial in preventing problems like alcohol-related injuries and adolescent smoking initiation .
Similar progress has been made in how to treat people who have problems . Steve Hayes has written on this site about many of the interventions that are revolutionizing clinical psychology .
Simply reading the research wo n't bring you in contact with the children and adults whose lives are changing for the better . For example , the Nurse Family Partnership has proven benefit in helping poor , at-risk mothers during their first pregnancy and the first two years of their babies ' lives . It has already reached more than 200,000 mothers . It has helped women like Shanice by providing a caring , knowledgeable nurse to help them get the social and medical support they needed during their pregnancy and to guide them in how to care for their infant . In the first evaluation of this program , 35 % of the children who did n't get the program were arrested by the age of fifteen , but among those who were in the program , fewer than half as many were arrested . Think what the impact of that may have been among the more than 200,000 families that benefited from this program .
Or consider the Good Behavior Game , which is increasingly being used in schools throughout North America . It helps children learn to cooperate and concentrate . Small teams of students earn simple rewards , such as a chance to dance or make funny noises after they have worked together successfully for short periods . A study of the Good Behavior Game done at Johns Hopkins University showed that young people who played the Game in just first or second grade were less likely to be arrested or to smoke by middle school . By the time they were entering adulthood , those who got the Good Behavior Game had less suicidal behavior and drug abuse and were more likely to graduate from high school and attend college . The game changes lives .
The widespread implementation of the programs , policies , and practices that behavioral scientists have developed can have significant benefit for millions of Americans . But we will not achieve all of the improvements in human wellbeing that are possible unless we also reduce poverty and economic inequality . The U. S. has the highest level of child poverty of any developed nation . This is because in the past half century public policy has evolved in a direction that most of us did n't want it to go .
Before John Snow showed that contaminated water caused cholera , raw sewage emptied into the Thames upstream from the intake of drinking water . Now such unsanitary conditions would be unthinkable . I look forward to the day when it will be unthinkable to allow a child to live in an environment that fails to nurture their development .
In my next post , I will tell you what the key ingredients are in these effective programs and how the science of human behavior can help us evolve a more nurturing form of capitalism .
An 18-year-old Bahraini died Friday , nearly two months after they were shot in the head near a top opposition cleric 's home , Amnesty International said .
Mustapha Hamdan , who was shot on January 26 near the home of Sheikh Isa Qassim , died of cardiac arrest , Amnesty 's Bahrain researcher Ariel Plotkin told AFP .
Plotkin said Hamdan had been brain dead as a result of the shooting .
Witnesses said Hamdan was shot in the head during a police raid on Qassim 's home in a suburb of the capital Manama , where protesters had been staging sit-ins after the cleric 's citizenship was revoked last year .
The interior ministry did not respond to a request for comment on the news Friday .
Bahraini rights groups meanwhile blamed state security forces for Hamdan 's death .
The London-based Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy ( BIRD ) described the teenager 's death as `` an extrajudicial killing by the Bahraini government '' .
A joint statement released by four rights groups , including BIRD and the European Centre for Democracy and Human Rights , said Hamdan was `` the victim of excessive use of force '' and urged authorities to grant UN investigators access to the country .
Home to the US Fifth Fleet , Bahrain has witnessed continuous unrest since 2011 , when a string of protests inspired by the Arab uprisings erupted demanding an elected government .
Authorities in the tiny Gulf kingdom , ruled for more than two centuries by the Sunni Al-Khalifa dynasty , have consistently accused Iran of fomenting unrest in Bahrain .
Bahraini authorities have increasingly tightened their grip on dissent in the majority Shiite country , drawing harsh condemnation from international rights groups .
Parliament this month voted unanimously to grant military courts the right to try civilians charged with any act of `` terrorism '' .
Rights activists fear Qassim , currently detained over a string of charges linked to money laundering and illegal fundraising , could be among the first to face court-martial .
A spokesperson for the U.S.-led Coalition on Friday , October 6 denied reports that its aircraft struck a regime convoy in southern Syria , and confirmed that regime convoys entered the At Tanf deconfliction zone on consecutive days .
The spokesperson was responding to allegations that it had struck a convoy that entered the deconfliction zone on Thursday . Coalition special forces are training the sole remaining Vetted Syrian Opposition force , Jaysh Maghawir Al-Thawra ( MaT ) in the At Tanf area . The deconfliction zone is surrounded on three sides by pro-regime forces , while the fourth is the border with Iraq and Jordan .
Syrian media outlet Step News claimed on Thursday that senior MaT military commander Abo Al-Atheer Al-Khabouri said in a statement that a convoy of Syrian government forces and allies including four tanks , five BMP vehicles and eight pickup trucks tried to advance towards a camp near At Tanf and “ was dealt with by aircraft ” on Thursday morning , resulting in damage to several vehicles .
Also on Thursday , the Al Dorar news site tweeted that sources had said that the “ international coalition targeted a convoy of Syrian forces west of al-Tanf base , ” destroying a number of vehicles , seemingly confirming the Step News story .
“ The Coalition did not strike the 6 vehicle convoy which entered the deconfliction zone near At Tanf , ” the Coalition spokesperson said in an email to The Defense Post . “ This convoy entered and left the zone without need for deconfliction with Russian forces or strikes . ”
The Coalition statement appears to confirm a Thursday Facebook post on MaT 's official page which said : “ Once again , regime forces went beyond the administrative borders of the al-Tanf camp from the direction of the Damascus-Baghdad road and were confronted with all force. ” The statement added that the regime convoy had left and was 10 km “ outside the administrative border area . ”
Two incidents in two days
Thursday 's regime advance into the deconfliction zone was the second in as many days . On Wednesday , MaT on Facebook said that “ in cooperation with coalition forces ” it had “ confronted and expelled regime forces ” from the deconfliction zone .
The Coalition spokesperson confirmed that another “ small convoy also briefly entered the deconfliction zone ” on Wednesday , and that the deconfliction line was employed during that incident .
“ The counter ISIS deconfliction line was used to establish communication with Russian forces to deter this incursion , ” the spokesperson said .
The spokesperson was unable to confirm that the same convoy entered the deconfliction zone on both days .
Previous incidents
On June 6 , Coalition aircraft struck and destroyed regime forces which had entered At Tanf deconfliction zone . Two days later Coalition aircraft shot down a pro-regime drone after it dropped at least one munition near Coalition partner forces . On June 20 , a second drone was shot down .
Updated October 5 : The latest OpenSignal/Which ? report on UK mobile speeds has been released . The most notable change is that EE has retaken the performance crown from Three . All of the UK 's mobile operators have seen big jumps in 4G LTE download speeds this year , though , which is a good sign . Coverage remains spotty , however .
Original story ( April 2016 )
4G LTE coverage in the UK , you will be unsurprised to hear , is n't very good , according to a new study by Which ? and OpenSignal . As of January 2016 , overall LTE coverage in the UK across the four mobile carriers was 53 percent , which puts the UK behind most east Asia , northern Europe , and massive countries like China and the US . South Korea , the world leader , is sitting at 97 percent LTE coverage .
On the download speed front , things are a little better in the UK—especially for Three . Over the last six months , according to OpenSignal 's data , Three has managed to boost its average 4G LTE download speed from 12Mbps to 18.7Mbps—a statistical tie with EE , which is sitting on 17.8Mbps . This is almost certainly due to Three ploughing more spectrum into its LTE network in the back half of 2015 . Vodafone and O2 share a distant third place at around 12Mbps .
Three 's LTE coverage ( 40 percent ) is still far worse than EE ( 60 percent ) , though , which means Three users will often drop down to a 3G connection . Three 's 3G network is the fastest in the UK according to OpenSignal , averaging 4.91Mbps—but EE 's is n't far behind at 4Mbps ( Vodafone is at 4.4Mbps , O2 is at 3Mbps ) .
How accurate is the data ?
OpenSignal gathers mobile connection data from hundreds of thousands of users around the world who have downloaded the OpenSignal app . In the case of the latest UK report , OpenSignal says that 31,525 app users in the UK produced 60 million data points between November 2015 and January 2016 . That 's a pretty decent corpus of data , but probably not enough to get a good idea of coverage/speeds across all of rural Britain .
OpenSignal 's `` coverage '' metric refers to time coverage , rather than geographic or population coverage . As in , the app measures how long—in seconds and minutes—you are connected to an LTE signal . OpenSignal says this gives a more `` user-centric '' view of coverage . For what it 's worth , EE claims to have 95 percent coverage of the UK population , which is rather at odds with OpenSignal 's measurement of 60 percent .
Because overall LTE coverage is so low in the UK , OpenSignal 's latest data mainly points to one conclusion : try to pick a mobile carrier that has good LTE coverage in your town or city . OpenSignal has a tool for checking 3G and 4G coverage all over the world : try it out .
Why is the UK 's LTE coverage so crap ?
The chart above shows OpenSignal 's measured LTE coverage for 68 countries as of February 2016 , with the UK in 55th place . This is just one metric from one source of data so we should take it with a pinch of salt . But still , assuming that OpenSignal has n't made a series of grievous statistical errors , it is quite remarkable that the UK is so far behind countries like the Netherlands ( 84 percent LTE coverage ) , which are similar in size and population density—or absolutely massive countries like China ( 76 percent ) and the US ( 81 percent ) . Everyone pales in comparison to South Korea , which is sitting at 97 percent LTE coverage .
It is worth noting that the UK is ahead of France ( 51 percent ) and Ireland ( 44 percent ) , and just behind Italy ( 57 percent ) and Germany ( 56 percent ) —so we 're not the only country that is lagging .
But why is the UK so far behind ? It 's hard to say . One option is that the country 's mobile carriers are still wary after the massively expensive 3G spectrum auction at the turn of the millennium , followed by the giant telecoms crash in 2001 . Another option is that , after spending so much on rolling out 3G in the mid-2000s , the carriers are n't in a rush to spend more money on LTE infrastructure . That may change now that EE and Three are pushing hard into 4G LTE . The outcome of the planned Three-O2 merger may be significant , too , as the merged company would have more spectrum to play with .
While the hanging of Pakistani terrorist and 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab has brought great surprise to the nation including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who came to know of the incident only through television , it seems they also came to know through ticker messages flashing on the small screen that they continues to remain the PM of India .
In one of their rare interactions with the media , the soft spoken PM said , “ Actually ever since the cabinet reshuffle , I 'm not quite sure who is in charge . Everyone keeps saying Rahulji is number 2 so I assumed that they were the PM . But it appears I 'm still the PM . ”
Dr. Singh however refused to divulge which news channels they watch . “ Well , I change the channel whenever I come across Renuka Chadhury . And with Manish Tewari becoming a minister , watching evening news is more pleasurable but the downside is I have to suffer the man during cabinet meetings , ” they whispered .
However , the Prime Minister was n't the only one to be surprised today , as BCCI President N Srinivasan too was stunned on learning from television that PepsiCo had become the official sponsors of the Indian Premier League for the next 5 years , at a contract worth INR 398 crore . “ What nonsense , pa ? ! I wanted Aavin Paal to be the official sponsors of the IPL . What has this Rajiv Shukla done without my knowledge ? ” the India Cements bigwig is supposed to have told Anbazhagan Selvarasu , The UnReal Times reporter in Chennai .
PASADENA , Texas - A teacher at Pasadena High School is under investigation and off the job after school administrators say they have evidenced a naked picture of them has circulated among students .
Pasadena ISD released a statement which read in part , `` We have asked parents to use this opportunity to talk to their children about cyber communication . Reminded them that once a photograph , text or online message is created , it can not ever really be deleted . ''
The teacher in question was informed Thursday morning that they would be on administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation .
Local 2 spoke with one father , who does n't want to be identified , who says their son was sent to the principal 's office after the picture was texted to their cell phone .
Some parents told local 2 they believe dozens of students may have seen the photograph .
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Bernie Sanders says Democratic leaders might rally behind them after wins .
Fresh from Democratic presidential primary wins in three US states , Bernie Sanders says they had political momentum that could help them win the backing of Democratic powerbrokers in their race against Hillary Clinton .
Senator Sanders easily won nominating contests in Alaska , Washington and Hawaii on Saturday .
The Vermont Senator 's latest remarks reflect their plan to chip away at Mrs Clinton 's commanding lead in the number of delegates needed to win the party 's nomination for the November election .
Senator Sanders said Democratic `` superdelegates , '' who can change their allegiance , might face pressure to rally behind them because most polls suggest they have a better chance than Mrs Clinton of beating a Republican candidate .
`` Momentum is with us , '' they told CNN .
`` A lot of these superdelegates may rethink their position with Hillary Clinton . ''
Clinton criticised over George Clooney dinner
Senator Sanders also criticised Mrs Clinton 's reliance on wealthy donors to fund their campaign .
They cited a fundraising dinner being hosted next month by actor George Clooney where supporters will have to donate at least $ US33,400 ( $ 44,500 ) to attend .
Premium seating would require a $ US353,400 donation — nearly seven times the US annual median income .
`` It is obscene that Secretary Clinton keeps going to big money people to fund their campaign , '' Senator Sanders said .
`` Our events , we charge $ 15 or $ 50 for people to come .
`` So , it 's not a criticism of Clooney , it 's a criticism of a corrupt finance system . ''
Race for delegates tightens
About 85 per cent of the votes at the July Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia — where a party nominee will be chosen to face the Republicans in the November 8 election — are being determined by state nominating contests .
The other 15 per cent is held by party power brokers who are free to vote as they like , meaning they could hold the key in a tight contest .
After the weekend 's contests , the former secretary of state led Senator Sanders by just under 300 pledged delegates in the race for the 2,382 needed to be nominated .
Overall , Mrs Clinton had the support of 1,712 delegates to 1,004 for Sanders , according to a tally by RealClearPolitics.com .
Senator Sanders is turning their attention to their native New York , where Democratic voters will divide up 247 delegates on April 19 .
Their campaign manager requested a debate in New York , which Mrs Clinton represented as a US senator for eight years , but no plans have been made .
Reuters
Sydney Harbour Bridge car crash chokes traffic ahead of morning peak hour
Updated
Two people have been hurt in a multi-vehicle crash that caused major traffic problems on the Sydney Harbour Bridge this morning .
At least five vehicles were believed to have been involved in the accident .
Two people were treated for injuries at the scene .
All northbound lanes and two of five southbound lanes were closed after the crash , but all lanes have since been reopened .
Motorists were being advised to use other routes , creating traffic snarls banking for several kilometres on all approaches to the CBD .
City-bound bus services were terminating at North Sydney , and some services were delayed by up to an hour .
Sydney Trains said it would accept bus tickets for the metropolitan area to help commuters reach their destinations .
Vic Lorusso from the Australian Traffic Network told 702 ABC Sydney the crash happened just after 6:35am .
They said the traffic around the bridge was a mess and the closure had affected roads across the city .
`` We 're urging motorists to delay their journey into the city if at all possible this morning , '' Mr Lorusso said .
One of the injured people was taken to St Vincent 's Hospital in a serious condition .
The other was in a stable condition and has been taken to Royal North Shore Hospital .
Topics : road , sydney-2000
First posted
A first for Hamilton , the residents of ward one now have sections of new bike lanes protected from traffic by a lane of parked vehicles on Herkimer and Charleton .
The original design from the city got rejected by residents who asked for an improved configuration that would provide more protection for cyclists .
The painting is not complete for the entire length , but it will be soon . The lanes , one in each direction on the current one-ways ( Herkimer for eastbound , Charleton westbound ) will connect the Dundurn bike lanes to James Street South .
Some parts of Hamilton are getting things done for cyclists . Other parts of the city could do more ( not mentioning any names , yet ) to support current cyclists , and make it possible for new cyclists to take part in active transportation .
What do you think ?
Have you tried the new lanes ? what do you think ? Do you drive here ? How is the traffic now ? please leave us a comment with your experience of the new cycling infrastructure .
Advertisements
Q1Q3Monsoon Tournament - Sunday 17th @ 8pm CEST
To allowlordlame to say they were reigning champion for two weeks instead of one , the format completely changes this Sunday and instead we test a potential new map for Thunderdome 9.Q1Q3Monsoon was created byMick as part of ProjectQ1Q3 . Some playtesting has led to an alternative version that is a candidate for inclusion in Thunderdome 9 's mappool . Thunderdome 9 starts in October , so this tournament is a chance to try it out and get feedback.Tournament is over , congratulations tospeedball & ric for winning divisions 1 & 2 respectively . Whether you had a chance to play on Sunday or not , please leave any feedback on the map in this forum post
nl.badplace.eu
nl.badplace.eu race.badplace.eu
race.badplace.eu dev.badplace.eu ( now with very basic bot support )
speedball ( division 1 )
speedball ( division 1 ) VVD ( division 1 )
VVD ( division 1 ) kip ( division 1 )
kip ( division 1 ) gloomy ( division 2 )
rasta ( division 2 )
cuky ( division 5 )
cuky ( division 5 ) molgrum ( division 5 )
molgrum ( division 5 ) am3is ( division 6 )
am3is ( division 6 ) ric ( division 6 )
ric ( division 6 ) sss ( division 6 )
sss ( division 6 ) zzuper ( division 6 )
The tournament will follow the general format of recent Sunday cups - starting at 8pm CEST , there will be a group stage followed by a knockout stage to determine the winner , but all matches will be BO3 over this one map . If you have n't already , I strongly recommend downloading the external texture pack , available on mick 's site here You can try it out by voting `` /q1q3monsoon # td '' ( leaving off # td will give you the original , with megahealth in the centre area ) on the following servers ( list to be updated ) : As this is a trial for Thunderdome , please specify the Thunderdome division you wish to play in when signing up ( 1-6 , 1 = Div0 , 2 = Pro , 3 = Regular High , 4 = Regular Low , 5 = Advanced Rookies , 6 = Rookies ) . I will try and split players into divisions of 6-8 players , so everyone should be up against players of a similar level.Signup in the comments below .
Florida Statute 316.305 , the “ Florida Ban on Texting While Driving Law ” , effectively bans any text-based usage of “ wireless communications devices ” including email and instant messaging with a few exemptions . The law states the penalty is a “ nonmoving violation ” determined by Statute 318.18 , which assigns all nonmoving violations a $ 30 fine for a first offense .
Advocates complained that this fine , in addition to the fact that texting while driving was only made a secondary offense , are n't strict enough and that the bill was watered down before being passed . The state with the highest fine for first time texting while driving offenses , North Dakota , is 10,000 % higher than Florida 's at $ 3,000 .
According to WLRN News , Boca Raton State Representative Irving Slosberg complained at the time that “ It started off as a primary ” offense but was downgraded to secondary , meaning officers could only ticket offenders if they were pulled over for another offense committed at the same time . Slosberg also reportedly took issue with the law 's numerous exemptions to the ban , and to police only being allowed to confiscate records if someone was killed or seriously injured due to a driving texting .
Now , Florida Senate Bill 72 which has a completely different set of sponsors , seeks to strike the references to enforcement of the ban “ as a secondary offense ” .
The bill 's primary sponsor used to be a prolific texter while driving himself , only stopping after hitting a guard rail , according to an interview with WFSU back in December of 2016 when they were reportedly filing a bill to make texting while driving a primary offense for drivers under 18 .
Garcia 's last bill on the topic , SB144 , failed to make it out of committee and officially died in May of 2017 . He 's taking another bite at the apple , but we 'll see how keen the sunshine state is to go after texters more aggressively .
Image : http : //www.anti-powerpoint-party.com
Many people dislike PowerPoint , Microsoft 's ubiquitous application for creating business presentations , but few would take a political stand over it . However , that 's exactly what Switzerland 's Anti-PowerPoint Party ( APPP ) seeks to do -- along with making a bit of money .
According to the APPP , the use of presentation software costs the Swiss economy 2.1 billion Swiss francs ( US $ 2.5 billion ) annually , while across the whole of Europe , presentation software causes an economic loss of €110 billion ( US $ 160 billion ) . APPP bases its calculations on unverified assumptions about the number of employees attending presentations each week , and supposes that 85 percent of those employees see no purpose in the presentations .
Avoid the wrath of the Swiss by readingHow to Deliver a Better PowerPoint Presentation
Switzerland 's democratic system is famously participative , with citizens able to call for a nationwide referendum on almost any subject if they can obtain the signatures of 100,000 voters . The APPP is seeking support for a national referendum to ban the use of PowerPoint and other presentation software in presentations throughout Switzerland . It also plans to present candidates for national elections in October .
The party 's ambitions do n't stop there : Its website is published in three of Switzerland 's official languages , German , French and Italian , with parts of it also available in Croatian , English , Russian , Slovak and Spanish .
`` We want the world to take note of this cause . And the whole world can talk and can be involved if it is opened for the people from all over the world . We are open for all the other world languages , we just need the volunteers to translate the website to those languages , '' said party founder and president Matthias Poehm , a public speaking trainer from Bonstetten , just outside Zurich . `` We have members , volunteers who were so happy to participate and they have translated the entire website to Croatian . The same is with the website in Slovakian . ''
Poehm is not the first to express a distaste for PowerPoint . In 2003 , Edward Tufte , a specialist in the visual representation of numerical data , published an essay `` The Cognitive Style of PowerPoint '' accusing the software of hurting our ability to think . And last year , The New York Times warned : `` We Have Met the Enemy and They Are PowerPoint , '' an essay on the U.S. military 's use of incomprehensible slide presentations to convey its strategy .
International backing for the APPP 's goals may be there , but the party is still some way off the 100,000 Swiss supporters it needs to force a referendum : Since its creation on May 5 , APPP has signed up 245 members -- not a huge number for a party that 's free to join .
One thing party members do have to pay for is the full party manifesto , set out in the book `` The PowerPoint Fallacy '' authored by Poehm . Party members pay €17 , a reduction of €10 on the regular price .
So is this just a promotional gimmick ?
`` Yes , it is a tool to promote my book . But it does n't end there , '' Poehm said via e-mail .
`` This issue will be raised in the awareness of the all people who still do n't know that there is an alternative to PowerPoint and with this alternative you , provably , achieve three to five times more effect and excitement with the audience than with the PowerPoint , '' they said . `` We want ... that pupils in schools are not punished by a mark reduction if they do n't use PowerPoint , '' they said .
The alternative , for Poehm , is the humble flipchart , which they value for the creativity it encourages , and the appeal of seeing the presentation created live .
Poehm 's goal with the APPP is not really to prohibit the use of presentation software , they said . `` We just want the people to become aware of this issue and the alternative to it . The solutions are available , but nobody is using them . ''
Microsoft did not respond to a request for comment on Monday about the APPP 's position and plans .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
Turkey on Sunday arrested more suspected Islamic State ( IS ) jihadists in a major crackdown on the extremist group ahead of high-security New Year celebrations overshadowed by the first anniversary of an attack that left 39 dead .
Just minutes into 2017 , Istanbul was rocked by an attack by an Uzbek gunman acting on behalf of IS who fired indiscriminately on revellers at the Reina nightclub on the Bosphorus .
It was another body blow to Turkey under President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan after a year of attacks by jihadists and Kurdish rebels as well as a failed coup .
However there has been no major attack in Turkey in 2017 since the Reina murders , and security forces this year appear to be taking every possible precaution to ensure this New Year passes without incident .
In pre-dawn raids Sunday , authorities detained 20 suspected IS members in Istanbul , 15 of them foreigners , who are believed to have spent time in Syria or Iraq , the Dogan news agency said .
Turkish media have said the authorities ha d already detained some 200 suspected jihadists in recent days -- including 75 in Istanbul and Ankara on Friday -- fearing they could launch an attack over the New Year .
According to some reports , the government is particularly anxious that IS fighters who left the Syrian city of Raqa after its capture by pro-Kurdish militia this year have flooded back into Turkey .
Police disguised as lottery sellers
A total of 37,000 police will be deployed in Istanbul alone on New Year 's night , more than double the number last year , according to Istanbul governor Vasip Sahin .
Some 4,000 members of the gendarmerie and coastguard are also being put on duty .
Meanwhile , authorities have either scrapped or banned any New Year celebrations in some of the most popular areas for revellers , including the major hub of Taksim Square , the buzzing area of Besiktas and upscale shopping district of Sisli .
Turkish state news agency Anadolu said that police disguised as lottery ticket and hot chestnut sellers would be deployed around Taksim to ensure security . Officers also frisked passengers on the city 's ferries while heavy goods vehicles are banned from accessing the city centre from Sunday morning to Monday .
`` We are having very serious security measures to ensure that our citizens , God willing , see in the New Year in peace and security , '' Sahin said .
In the capital Ankara , similar measures have been taken with 9,700 police deployed and roads closed on the way to the central Kizilay Square .
Reina shut , attacker on trial
The local authorities are planning a small ceremony at 1300 GMT Sunday to remember the victims of the Reina attack at the scene , attended by foreign consuls and Besiktas mayor Murat Hazinedar .
The Reina nightclub -- once the haunt of Turkish football stars and even foreign celebrities -- meanwhile is no more . It never reopened after the massacre and the authorities later bulldozed it on May 22 , saying its owner had violated planning regulations .
Gunman Abdulkadir Masharipov was arrested after a 17 day manhunt hunkering down in a humdrum residential district of Istanbul , in a major triumph for the Turkish police that gave access to a potential goldmine of intelligence about IS activities .
They confessed to have taken their orders to carry out the attack from a Syria-based Russian jihadist with the codename Abu Jihad . Masharipov had first intended to attack Taksim Square but seeing the high security switched their target to the Reina club .
Masharipov and more than 50 other suspects went on trial in Istanbul on December 11 . The Uzbek faces 40 life sentences for each of the victims and the crime itself .
Facing similar charges is their wife Zarina Nurullayeva , who denied any involvement in the plot . Masharipov has refused to testify in the trial , which is now due to resume on March 26 .
Of the 39 people killed in the Reina attack , 27 were foreigners , including citizens from Lebanon , Saudi Arabia , Israel , Iraq and Morocco .
NEW DELHI ( REUTERS ) - A digital media company in India is offering `` menstrual leave '' to female staff as part of its official policy and calling on authorities to legislate to give all working women the option of taking the first day of their period off work .
Mumbai-based Culture Machine said the new policy was a bid to fight social taboos around menstruation in India , where millions of women and girls face social discrimination , health problems and low self-esteem due to a lack of awareness .
The firm , which has 75 female workers , announced the policy in a video on YouTube this month . It features female employees talking the first day of their periods and reacting to the news of the company 's `` First Day of Period ( FOP ) Leave '' policy .
`` The first day is obviously not so comfortable for most , '' said Devleena S. Majumdar , president of Human Resources at Culture Machine , in the video . `` So we felt it was time we face reality . This is not an embarrassment , this is a part of life . ''
In India , menstruation is rarely discussed openly and this can leave girls and women ignorant about the issue and subject to social exclusion due to age-old social beliefs .
Menstruating women and girls are considered unclean and impure and are subjected to discrimination during their periods when , for example , they may not be allowed to go to the temple , or prepare and touch certain food .
In the video , which has had over 150,000 views since July 3 , Culture Machine 's female staff talk of their experiences at work on the first day of their periods and the taboos and lack of understanding around the issue of menstruation . `` Sometimes with male bosses , you have to be a little discreet , '' said one female employee .
The company has also launched a petition on change.org calling on India 's Minister for Women Maneka Gandhi and the Minister for Human Resources Prakash Javadekar to adopt a similar policy for all women irrespective of where they work .
The petition , which has attracted over 25,000 signatures in a week , asks why menstruation be kept hidden and why women have to show up for work despite the pain and use `` silly excuses '' . `` We , the women at Culture Machine 's Blush , have the privilege , if we may call it that , to apply for a leave on the day when the discomfort is unmanageable , no questions asked , '' said the petition . `` Now , we want the rest of the women in India to have the same right . ''
Playing MMOGs for about most of my college years , I 've found that gamers can be classified into 5 categories depending on how they interact with other players and the game itself . Note that these descriptions apply to the games I 've played like Ragnarok Online , RF Online , RAN Online , Maple Story ( wth ! ) , Final Fantasy Online as well as those that I 've just gotten a look of like Guild Wars and World of Warcraft
The game-aholic
Game-aholics are likely to be NEETs ( Not in Employment , Education or Training ) thus giving them enough time to spend for gaming . These players own characters that you 'll see almost 90 % of the time when the game servers are up exploring , leveling , socializing etc . They 're people who you can describe as living their characters since to interact with their online selves so much that they have little time to go out and meet people IRL ( in real life ) thus they 're either stuck gaming or making a living out of it by selling in-game items for RMT ( Real Money Trading ) .
Game-aholics are responsible for the most detailed leveling guides , character builds , skill guides , item recipes , monster hunting tips and quest resources available mainly because of the time they can spend exploring the mechanics of the game .
Game-aholics do not need to worry about the cost of their gaming because they more than make up for it through RMT . Considering the proliferation of Internet Cafes , most of Game-aholics are either proprietors of said business or related to one who owns a cafe in one way or another . The least of their number are rich bastards who suck off their family 's money to support their gaming and have little motivation to do anything else but play .
The PL-guy
PL-guy ( or Power Level-guy ) is an individual that can still be categorized as a hardcore gamer who intends to get the most out of their characters without sacrificing their social life ( this includes work , partying , movie going and any outdoor activity ) by getting stuck on hours of gameplay just to inch their way to the next level . PL-guys are the most resourceful of the gaming populace because they are the ones who find the best ways to increase their level at the least amount of time . Leveling guides , item recipes and quest resources are almost always created by PL-guys . Although not as detailed as the ones created by game-aholics , they offer help that 's easy to follow and understand .
Some PL-ers are willing to monetary sums to ease up on the hassle of leveling . Their purchases or trades includes any or all of the following :
Premium service ( if available )
RMT ( Real Money Trading ) for in game premium items
RMT for pilot service
RMT for in-game cash
While PL-ers spend more for their characters than the Game-aholic , they remain part of the quality players since they still provide contribution/s to the gaming community .
The Casual Gamer
Casual Gamers are the most abundant of the flock . Usually , you will find them playing a game to test things out if the game 's environment and population suits them and if it 's all worth staying . Casual gamers who choose to stay are those that prioritize their Real lives over gameplay thus you can only spot them during weekends , after hours and holidays/vacations . As you 'd expect , casual gamers are usually the first to quit when something major happens in-game that negatively affects players and their characters since they are the ones who spend the least time and dedication ( if any ) on their characters thus are n't really attached to them .
While it 's attractive to base the game 's population on the number of casual gamers , bear in mind that their loyalty to the game is the most volatile so if a competitor pops up all of a sudden , you may find most if not all casual gamer migrating on greener grass.Casual Gamers can be found in numbers on a number of occasions like :
At launch of the game ( servers just got up and system is at Open Beta )
An in-game event that 's open to everyone
The start of a major implementation like new quests , classes , dungeons .
Casual Gamers leave the game for a number of reasons as well :
A new , more attractive game enters the market ( usually at Open Beta , Closed Beta is after all limited to a lucky few )
A major event that affects players ( negative ones like database corruption , roll backs , duping incidents which causes massive number of bans )
Loss of interest . This usually occurs when the resources are already saturated to the point that nothing sort of revamp will revitalize old players .
The Lazy bum
Lazy bums are usually casual gamers who are willing to spend cash , trade in game items or flirt ( yes , it does happen ) to ease up on the hassle of leveling . Their purchases or trades includes any or all of the following :
Premium service ( if available )
RMT ( Real Money Trading ) for in game premium items
RMT for botting/pilot service
RMT for in-game cash
The main difference of the lazy bum from PL-guy is dedication to their character . Lazy bums almost always drop their character and/or the game once they find an obstacle that money can not buy . Like the casual gamer , a lazy bum 's loyalty to the game is volatile .
The idiot
These guys the lowest ranked characters/players in the game . Even if they spend as much time as PL-guy trying to achieve a certain Level , finding a certain item or defeating a certain boss because of several things :
The idiot ca n't decide w/c character class to stick to .
The idiot picks fights with everyone they see for no apparent reason .
The idiot BEGS for items , money , party you name it .
The idiot always has a complaint up their sleeve , be it the game system , their party mates , their experience level , their items , the gms , etc . They rant on complaining day in and day out flooding chat channels , boards , blogs-basically anywhere they can rant . They spend so much of their time complaining that they do n't have time to level properly .
Encountering an idiot in the middle of their repertoire can either be an annoying or amusing experience . Annoying if you 're at the receiving and amusing if you 're just on the sidelines . If you wish to enjoy your game time , I suggest staying very far away from any idiot . Left to their own devices , they can only leave the game for the sake of everyone or multiply .
Related
Tags : Gaming
Dr. David Duke and Dr. Patrick Slattery Talk About the Real Cause of the Vast Increase in mass murders , torture and rape in America and across the world . Dr. Duke read a poem from the African Professor who taught mass murderer Seung-hui Cho that included a line “ Ni * * er can you kill , can you piss on a blond head – can you cut it off. ” This professor has been repeatedly honored by the Jewish Media and Zio academic institutions .
They show how the Zio media promotes every kind of violence , blood , degeneracy , degradation and sickness . How the Torture Porn promoted by Eli Roth and the mainstream Hollywood studios demeans life and is leading America and the world to a defiled and degraded humanity .
The True Import of Present Dialog , Black vs. Negro , by Nikki Giovanni
Ni * * er
Can you kill
Can you kill
Can a ni * * er kill
Can a ni * * er kill a honkie
Can a ni * * er kill the Man
Can you kill ni * * er
Huh ? ni * * er can you
kill
Do you know how to draw blood
Can you poison
Can you stab-a-Jew
Can you kill huh ? ni * * er
Can you kill
Can you run a protestant down with your
'68 El Dorado
( that 's all they 're good for anyway )
Can you kill
Can you piss on a blond head
Can you cut it off
Can you kill
A ni * * er can die
We ai n't got to prove we can die
We got to prove we can kill
They sent us to kill
Japan and Africa
We policed europe
Can you kill
Can you kill a white man
Can you kill the ni * * er
in you
Can you make your ni * * er mind
die
Can you kill your ni * * er mind
And free your black hands to
strangle
Can you kill
Can a ni * * er kill
Can you shoot straight and
Fire for good measure
Can you splatter their brains in the street
Can you kill them
Can you lure them to bed to kill them
We kill in Viet Nam
for them
We kill for UN & NATO & SEATO & US
And everywhere for all alphabet but
BLACK
Can we learn to kill WHITE for BLACK
Learn to kill ni * * ers
Learn to be Black men
This show will inspire you with righteous indignation . Inspire your friends as well .
Click here and look for the show dated 6-19-15 .
Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern time .
Many of us will travel today to visit friends and family for the Thanksgiving holiday . Its the time of year we remember all the reasons we are thankful .
This year Im particularly thankful for immigrants . In fact , Im grateful for those who come here legally and for those who come here illegally .
You should be thankful , too .
I say this with the so-called immigration crisis in mindboth here and abroad . Although many people emigrate to the United States and Europe to escape troubled places like Iraq and Syria , not to mention poverty in Latin America , Africa and Asia , we have several reasons to be thankful they do .
Immigrants spawn job creation . Immigrants dont just bring their labor to the United States ; they bring their needs , too . Just as native workers demand food , clothing , housing and entertainment , so , too , do immigrants . That creates job opportunities . A recent study by researchers at Indiana University and the University of Virginia , for instance , found that each new immigrant produces about 1.2 new jobs . Most of these new positions are filled by domestic workers .
Typically , we hear that immigrants take our jobs. If this were true , however , we would expect the unemployment rate to rise significantly as these new workers enter the labor force . That has not happened .
The unemployment rate in 1960 was 5.5 percent . Since then , tens of millions of immigrants have come to the United States . By 2000 , nearly 4.5 million undocumented Mexicans had entered the country . Between 1959-70 alone , almost half a million Cubans moved to the U.S. Add to this the millions who have come here from the rest of the world , with and without permission . Nevertheless , in 2015 , as we continue to recover from the last recession , unemployment is at 5.5 percent . The fact is , there are a lot more jobs today , with the wave of immigrants , than there were in 1960 .
Immigrants boost the overall economy . Although many who oppose immigration worry about a drain on social services ,  this is likely unfounded . In 2013 the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development , in one of the most comprehensive studies of immigration in 28 countries , found that immigrants consistently add significantly more to an economy than they use in public services . In the United States the average immigrant household pays about $ 11,000 a year more in taxes than it receives in government benefits .
As low-skilled immigrants join the U.S. workforce they free up higher-skilled workers to undertake more productive activities to which they are better-suited . In other words , low-skilled immigrants enable the economy to afford greater specialization . As people specialize further , the economy grows , and everyone is made better off .
Immigration reduces poverty . Many foreign workers make more money in the United States than in their home countries . Researchers from the Center for Global Development and World Bank found that , by moving to the United States , a Peruvian worker , for example , earns 2.6 times more than they would make at home . For other countries , this place premium is higher . A Filipino worker makes 3.5 times more in the United States than in the Philippines . Haitians earn nearly eight times more .
This has substantial implications for poverty around the world . By allowing labor to flow into the United States , we could reduce human suffering much more effectively than current government effortssuch as foreign aidto combat poverty . Moreover , many immigrants send a portion of their incomes back home . These remittances substantially benefit their poor families , in many cases providing more money and opportunities than foreign aid .
So when we gather with family and friends to give thanks for all we have , remember those who have recently arrived in our country . Immigrants boost our economy , create jobs and reduce poverty around the world . Im glad theyre here .
The Islamic State group has threatened Christians in the Iraqi city of Mosul with death if they do not convert to Islam or pay a tax , Al Jazeera has learned .
The Sunni rebel group issued the orders in a letter after Friday prayers . The document , obtained by Al Jazeera , states that the order was issued after Christian leaders failed to attend a meeting called by the group .
In response , the group says in the letter that Christians must either convert to Islam , pay a tax on non-Muslims known as jiziya , or give up their posessions and leave the city . Failure to do so would result in a death penalty , `` as a last resort '' .
Mosul , Iraq 's second largest city , was overrun by the Islamic State group and allied rebel groups last month .
The Iraqi army units stationed in the city , most of whom were Shia , fled after the group crossed from Syria and attacked the north of Iraq .
Before the attack , Mosul 's Christian community was estimated at 3,000 . Many are believed to have already fled the city as part of an exodus of up to one-third of the population . Those who fled reported that churches and Christian-owned shops in the city were smashed .
The Islamic State 's leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , held a sermon in Mosul 's grand mosque two weeks ago , calling on all Muslims to unite behind their group .
The Islamic State , formerly known as ISIL , has issued similar demands in areas it controls in Syria , and has posted pictures of Christians being crucified for disobeying orders in Raqqa .
Church leader‎s in Iraq have not responded to the threats officially .
Nickolay Mladenov , the head of the UN assistance mission In Iraq , condemned the order .
`` Any persecution of minorities constitutes a crime against humanity and we urge all sides to protect civilians . We have produced a report listing attacks on civilians ‎and have brought this up at the highest levels of the Iraqi government . ''
The White House is removing a member of the Federal Election Commission for standing up for clean elections , while trying to install another member whose specialty is keeping eligible voters from casting ballots . The Senate , which must confirm nominees , should insist that President Bush appoint commissioners with a proven record of supporting voting rights and fair elections .
Mr. Bush is purging the current F.E.C . chairperson , David Mason , presumably because they were responsible enough to challenge the funding machinations of Senator John McCain 's presidential campaign . Mr. Mason shocked their fellow Republicans by notifying Mr. McCain that they might run afoul of the law by switching from public funding to private donations once they secured the party 's nomination .
The White House proposes to replace Mr. Mason with Donald McGahn , a Republican warhorse . F.E.C . commissioners are expected to be aligned with a party — one of the new Democratic nominees is a staff member of Senator Charles Schumer of New York — but Mr. McGahn has a particularly partisan background . They were the party 's Congressional campaign counsel — and the ethics lawyer for Tom DeLay , the former House majority leader from Texas who left office under multiple clouds .
The six-member commission , which now has four vacancies , has been rendered inoperable . If it is to perform its role as referee of national elections , it urgently needs a full complement — and it needs commissioners with the sort of professionalism displayed by Mr. Mason .
Senate Democrats should push for someone more suitable than Mr. McGahn , and they should continue to oppose Hans von Spakovsky , a terrible nominee with a record as a Justice Department lawyer of aggressive partisanship and opposition to minority voting rights .
Washington ( CNN ) Erin Canterbury had voted for New Hampshire Democrats for over a decade . Then they met Donald Trump at a roundtable on the state 's opioid epidemic , where they heard the Republican candidate talk about their own family 's history with addiction .
They trusted Trump and , withstanding vocal criticism from their friends , proudly backed them over Hillary Clinton .
Months into Trump 's presidency , though , Canterbury and a host of other opioid advocates in New Hampshire feel duped by the President , not only shocked that their administration has done little to combat an issue they promised to address , but worried that they have done the opposite and is now risking gains advocates have worked hard to make .
`` I expected them to do something , '' Canterbury said . `` I did n't expect it to be fixed , but I expected something . ''
Trump , then a political neophyte , kicked off their presidential campaign in New Hampshire with sweeping promises about combating the state 's opioid epidemic , a nagging problem that can be felt across the Granite State . The boisterous business person pledged to boost local clinics , help those who are already hooked on opioids and stop the flow of drugs coming into the state .
The issue was so important that days before the 2016 election , when time is at its most precious , Trump headlined an opioid roundtable where they met face-to-face with those directly impacted by the issue .
`` I just want to let the people of New Hampshire know that I 'm with you 1000 % , you really taught me a lot , '' they said before promising to help people who `` are so seriously addicted . ''
But months into Trump 's presidency , Canterbury and others feel the President has failed to do what they promised .
`` He has n't done anything thus far , '' said the 39-year-old mother of two , who is almost seven years sober after getting addicted to prescription painkillers . `` I do n't want to say I completely regret it . But they have n't done anything . ''
These feelings have the chance to undermine Trump with the base of energized voters that catapulted them from a reality TV boardroom to the Oval Office . A series of post-2016 studies , including one released by researchers at Pennsylvania State University , found that Trump outperformed other Republicans in both rural and urban counties with the highest drug , alcohol and suicide mortality rates .
Trump won 18 of the top 25 states with the highest number of drug overdoses in 2015 , according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
And a recent study from Public Religion Research Institute found that white working-class voters , a demographic key to Trump 's base and electoral success , were not only more likely to be impacted by the opioid crisis , but also a majority of them said it was a `` major problem '' in their community .
Opioid overdoses have reached epidemic levels , according to the CDC . A study from the agency found that 25 % of all drug overdose deaths were related to heroin in 2015 . That number was just 6 % in 1999 .
Concerns in the opioid community started months ago when the Trump-backed health care plan proposed ending the requirement that addiction services and mental health treatment be covered under Medicaid in the 31 states that expanded the health care program . The Republican plan , a version of which passed the House earlier this month , would leave it up to states to decide whether to cover drug treatment -- a decision experts said would put the most vulnerable at far greater risk .
`` The bill is an absolute betrayal of what Trump represented on the campaign trail , '' Kraig Moss , whose son died of an overdose , told CNN in March . `` I feel betrayed . ''
Then , earlier this month , a draft memo obtained by CNN on Trump 's 2018 budget brought to light plans to virtually eliminate the Office of National Drug Control Policy by slashing their funding by 94 % .
That , said Tym Rourke , a treatment advocate who serves as chairperson of New Hampshire 's commission on the issue , has created widespread unease because the memo proposed cutting the Drug-Free Communities Support program , a federal program that has provided grants to fight opioids in cities and towns like Raymond , Nashua , Rochester and Dover .
`` Uncertainty is sort of the mood of the movement here in New Hampshire , '' they said . `` We are working to build our state 's capacity , to build the workforce , but it is hard to do that in a moment where the services we have built could potentially be at risk . ''
The biggest concern , Rourke said , is that Trump 's actions could mean local efforts `` may have to slow down , stop or even see a rollback of our progress . ''
Most recently , opioid advocates who favor treatment over jail time for abusers grew concerned when Attorney General Jeff Sessions instructed federal prosecutors to charge suspect with the most serious offense you can prove , including drug crimes .
Joe Hannon , a former Republican in the New Hampshire House of Representatives who introduced Trump at the opioid roundtable that they attended days before the 2016 election , said they are particularly worried at some of the rhetoric coming out of Sessions ' Justice Department .
`` Enforcement has not been very effective up too this point , '' they said . `` We have had a war on drugs for quite some time now and it is not getting better with what we are doing so I am not sure the same old approach is the answer . ''
Overall , Hannon said Trump 's actions are `` a little concerning '' but that it was `` too soon to tell '' how effective the president will be on fighting opioid abuse . But on enforcement , the lawmaker worried .
Hannon briefly met Sessions at a picnic before the 2016 election , where they talked to them about drug enforcement . When Sessions was named attorney general , Hannon said they were `` a little concerned there was going to be a heavier hand as far as going after people suffering from substance abuse . '' And now those fears appear to be coming true .
Rourke agrees with Hannon . `` I do hear concern in the recovery community on whether we 're going to go back into the days where drug use was seen as crime and not a disease , '' they said .
Despite these moves , the White House has tried to spur action on the issue from Washington . After signing an executive order establishing a commission to fight opioids earlier this year , the Trump administration tasked New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie to lead the bipartisan group , which included Democrats Gov . Roy Cooper of North Carolina and former Rep. Patrick Kennedy of Rhode Island , along with Republican Gov . Charlie Baker of Massachusetts .
`` I think when it comes to the opioid crisis , the President , both during the campaign , the transition and now as president , has made it very clear of their commitment to figuring out how we can address this crisis that plagues so many , '' White House press secretary Sean Spicer said .
Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price visited New Hampshire , Virginia and West Virginia last week to talk opioids , and a White House official downplayed any budgetary moves the administration has considered on fighting opioids , arguing that the 2018 budget `` is still under review and nothing the media is reporting reflects any finalized White House policy . ''
`` The Executive Branch commitment to fighting the drug problem goes well beyond a single office , '' the official said . `` There are more than 90 programs across 16 departments and the Judicial Branch . ''
But treatment advocates are largely unmoved but the commission .
`` If they had really asked and listened to anybody close to the issue , they would tell them that they have done everything wrong so far , '' said Dean Lemrire , a recovery advocate who used to be in treatment for alcohol and heroin addiction .
Though Lemrire did n't vote for Trump -- saying they reluctantly backed Clinton -- they are more upset that they meet so many people who did who are now upset .
`` I am bummed out that they are threatening the health care that the people who are the hardest hit , '' they said . `` The people who are the hardest hit are their voters , the people who are the hardest hit by this epidemic are their voters . ''
Canterbury , now worried that Trump was just being `` politically expedient '' when they promised to fight opioids , expressed similar concerns .
Getting treatment changed Canterbury 's life . They now works as an advocate for drug treatment and wants everyone who needs it to have the experience they had . They described the epidemic as the `` biggest issue '' in their life and their primary reason for backing Trump is 2016 .
`` I do n't want to talk to another mom who has lost their child , '' they said .
To her , Trump seemed to care about the issue more than Clinton and that was what won them over in the end .
`` Voting for him , was a huge step out of what I truly usually do and believe , '' they said . `` It was a stretch for me . ''
What sealed the deal , Canterbury said , was when Trump , during their roundtable before Election Day , told the group about their brother Fred 's struggle with alcohol , a fight that eventually killed them at the age of 43 in 1981 .
The tragic lesson left an impact on the President , who long ago swore off alcohol .
`` He seemed like they cared , '' they said . `` He said if they won they would bring us all to the White House to talk about it . It sounded like they cared . ''
But now Canterbury is questioning that instinct , worried that the man for whom they crossed party lines to vote was just trying to win them over .
`` I feel like this issue now goes on the back burner for him , '' they said . `` But they need to know , 'no , we are n't going to shut up about this in New Hampshire . ' ''
Correction : This story was updated to reflect that Tym Rourke is currently the chairperson of New Hampshire 's commission and Dean Lemrire is no longer in treatment .
( Graph : Todd Lindeman/Ezra Klein ; data : Center on Budget and Policy Priorities )
Romney 's people made the clock themselves . It has two giant flat-screen televisions pushed side by side . It 's surrounded by a green foam sign . And it 's hooked to two computers feeding it a live count of America 's rising debt burden , which stands well above $ 15 trillion . The clock represents President Obama 's economic failures . It 's there so Romney can point to it and tell the crowd that if he 's elected , he 'll “ do a better job slowing down that clock. ” But if you 're a deficit-obsessed voter , the clock does n't answer the key question : How much has Obama added to the debt , anyway ?
There are two answers : more than $ 4 trillion , or about $ 983 billion . The first answer is simple and wrong . The second answer is more complicated but a lot closer to being right .
When Obama took office , the national debt was about $ 10.5 trillion . Today , it 's about $ 15.2 trillion . Simple subtraction gets you the answer preferred by most of Obama 's opponents : $ 4.7 trillion .
But ask yourself : Which of Obama 's policies added $ 4.7 trillion to the debt ? The stimulus ? That was just a bit more than $ 800 billion . TARP ? That passed under George W. Bush , and most of it has been repaid .
There is a way to tally the effects Obama has had on the deficit . Look at every piece of legislation they have signed into law . Every time Congress passes a bill , either the Congressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates the effect it will have on the budget over the next 10 years . And then they continue to estimate changes to those bills . If you know how to read their numbers , you can come up with an estimate that zeros in on the laws Obama has had a hand in .
The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities was kind enough to help me come up with a comprehensive estimate of Obama 's effect on the deficit . As it explained to me , it 's harder than it sounds .
Obama , for instance , is clearly responsible for the stimulus . The health-care law , too .
When Obama entered office , the Bush tax cuts were already in place and two wars were ongoing . Is it fair to blame Obama for war costs four months after they were inaugurated , or tax collections 10 days after they took office ?
So the center built a baseline that includes everything that predated Obama and everything we knew about the path of the economy and the actual trajectory of spending through August 2011 . Deviations from the baseline represent decisions made by the Obama administration . Then we measured the projected cost of Obama 's policies .
In two instances , this made Obama 's policies look more costly . First , both Democrats and Republicans tend to think the scheduled expiration of the Bush tax cuts is a quirky budget technicality , and their full extension should be assumed . In that case , voting for their extension looks costless , and they can not be blamed for the resulting increase in deficits . I consider that a dodge , and so I added Obama 's decision to extend the Bush tax cuts for two years — at a total cost of $ 620 billion — to their total . If Obama follows through on their promise to extend all the cuts for income under $ 250,000 in 2013 , it will add trillions more to the deficit .
The other judgment call was when to end the analysis . After 10 years ? After the first term ? We chose 2017 , the end of a hypothetical second term . Those are the years Obama might be blamed for , so they seemed like the ones to watch . But Obama 's spending is frontloaded , and their savings are backloaded . The stimulus bill , for instance , is mostly finished . But the Budget Control Act is expected to save $ 2.1 trillion over the next 10 years . The health-care law is expected to save more than a trillion dollars in its second decade . If our numbers were extended further , the analysis would have reflected more of Obama 's planned deficit reduction .
There 's also the issue of who deserves credit for what . In this analysis , anything Obama signed is attributed to Obama . But reality is more complicated . The $ 2.1 trillion debt-ceiling deal would n't have happened without the Republicans . But a larger deficit-reduction deal — one including tax increases and spending cuts — might have .
In total , the policies Obama has signed into law can be expected to add almost a trillion dollars to deficits . But behind that total are policies that point in very different directions . The stimulus , for instance , cost more than $ 800 billion . So did the 2010 tax deal , which included more than $ 600 billion to extend the Bush tax cuts for two years , and hundreds of billions more in unemployment insurance and the payroll tax cut . Obama 's first budget increased domestic discretionary spending by quite a bit , but more recent legislation has cut it substantially . On the other hand , the Budget Control Act — the legislation that resolved August 's debt-ceiling standoff — saves more than $ 1 trillion . And the health-care reform law saves more than $ 100 billion .
For comparison 's sake , using the same method , beginning in 2001 and ending in 2009 , George W. Bush added more than $ 5 trillion to the deficit . You can see the breakdown in the chart atop the post , or in a larger , more readable , chart here .
What is often assumed in this conversation is that all deficit spending is equal and all of it is bad . That 's not the case . Deficit spending when the economy is growing is different from deficit spending when the economy is in crisis .
Nor is all deficit reduction alike . Sometimes , cutting the deficit will expand the economy . Sometimes , cutting the deficit will shrink the economy . Which brings up some other questions Romney 's clock ca n't answer : What number we should see on it now ? And when , and how fast , should it start slowing down ?
That will be the subject of next week 's column .
In 2009 I lamented the state of Markdown :
Right now we have the worst of both worlds . Lack of leadership from the top , and a bunch of fragmented , poorly coordinated community efforts to advance Markdown , none of which are officially canon . This is n't merely incovenient for anyone trying to find accurate information about Markdown ; it 's actually harming the project 's future .
In late 2012 , David Greenspan from Meteor approached me and proposed we move forward , and a project crystallized :
I propose that Stack Exchange , GitHub , Meteor , Reddit , and any other company with lots of traffic and a strategic investment in Markdown , all work together to come up with an official Markdown specification , and standard test suites to validate Markdown implementations . We 've all been working at cross purposes for too long , accidentally fragmenting Markdown while popularizing it .
We formed a small private working group with key representatives from GitHub , from Reddit , from Stack Exchange , from the open source community . We spent months hashing out the details and agreeing on the necessary changes to turn Markdown into a language you can parse without feeling like you just walked through a sewer – while preserving the simple , clear , ASCII email inspired spirit of Markdown .
We really struggled with this at Discourse , which is also based on Markdown , but an even more complex dialect than the one we built at Stack Overflow . In Discourse , you can mix three forms of markup interchangeably :
Markdown
HTML ( safe subset )
BBCode ( subset )
Discourse is primarily a JavaScript app , so naturally we needed a nice , compliant implementation of Markdown in JavaScript . Surely such a thing exists , yes ? Nope . Even in 2012 , we found zero JavaScript implementations of Markdown that could pass the only Markdown test suite I know of , MDTest . It is n't authoritative , it 's a community created initiative that embodies its own decisions about rendering ambiguities in Markdown , but it 's all we 've got . We contributed many upstream fixes to markdown.js to make it pass MDTest – but it still only passes in our locally extended version .
As an open source project ourselves , we 're perfectly happy contributing upstream code to improve it for everyone . But it 's an indictment of the state of the Markdown ecosystem that any remotely popular implementation was n't already testing itself against a formal spec and test suite . But who can blame them , because it did n't exist !
Well , now it does .
It took a while , but I 'm pleased to announce that Standard Markdown is now finally ready for public review .
standardmarkdown.com
It 's a spec , including embedded examples , and implementations in portable C and JavaScript . We strived mightily to stay true to the spirit of Markdown in writing it . The primary author , John MacFarlane , explains in the introduction to the spec :
Because Gruber 's syntax description leaves many aspects of the syntax undetermined , writing a precise spec requires making a large number of decisions , many of them somewhat arbitrary . In making them , I have appealed to existing conventions and considerations of simplicity , readability , expressive power , and consistency . I have tried to ensure that “ normal ” documents in the many incompatible existing implementations of Markdown will render , as far as possible , as their authors intended . And I have tried to make the rules for different elements work together harmoniously . In places where different decisions could have been made ( for example , the rules governing list indentation ) , I have explained the rationale for my choices . In a few cases , I have departed slightly from the canonical syntax description , in ways that I think further the goals of Markdown as stated in that description .
Part of my contribution to the project is to host the discussion / mailing list for Standard Markdown in a Discourse instance .
talk.standardmarkdown.com
Fortunately , Discourse itself just reached version 1.0 . If the only thing Standard Markdown does is help save a few users from the continuing horror that is mailing list web UI , we all win .
What I 'm most excited about is that we got a massive contribution from the one person who , in my mind , was the most perfect person in the world to work on this project : John MacFarlane . They took our feedback and wrote the entire Standard Markdown spec and both implementations .
A lot of people know of John through their Pandoc project , which is amazing in its own right , but I found out about them because they built Babelmark . I learned to refer to Babelmark extensively while working on Stack Overflow and MarkdownSharp , a C # implementation of Markdown .
Here 's how crazy Markdown is : to decide what the `` correct '' behavior is , you provide sample Markdown input to 20+ different Markdown parsers … and then pray that some consensus emerges in all their output . That 's what Babelmark does .
Consider this simple Markdown example :
# Hello there This is a paragraph . - one - two - three - four 1. pirate 2. ninja 3. zombie
Just for that , I count fifteen different rendered outputs from 22 different Markdown parsers .
In Markdown , we literally built a Tower of Babel .
Have I mentioned that it 's a good idea for a language to have a formal specification and test suites ? Maybe now you can see why that is .
Oh , and in their spare time , John is also the chair of the department of philosophy at the University of California , Berkeley . No big deal . While I do n't mean to minimize the contributions of anyone to the Standard Markdown project , we all owe a special thanks to John .
Markdown is indeed everywhere . And that 's a good thing . But it needs to be sane , parseable , and standard . That 's the goal of Standard Markdown — but we need your help to get there . If you use Markdown on a website , ask what it would take for that site to become compatible with Standard Markdown ; when you see the word `` Markdown '' you have the right to expect consistent rendering across all the websites you visit . If you implement Markdown , take a look at the spec , try to make your parser compatible with Standard Markdown , and discuss improvements or refinements to the spec .
Update : The project was renamed CommonMark . See my subsequent blog post .
Man shot dead , 3 held after car crashes into Antioch home
These three suspects , who crashed into a house during a car chase , are being held on suspicion of murder , Antioch police say These three suspects , who crashed into a house during a car chase , are being held on suspicion of murder , Antioch police say Photo : Antioch Police Photo : Antioch Police Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Man shot dead , 3 held after car crashes into Antioch home 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Police took three people into custody after they crashed into a home moments after they were spotted leaving the scene of a shooting in Antioch that left a man dead , officials said .
The incident began when Antioch police heard a gunshot in the area of Hudson Court about 11:20 p.m. Monday and then saw a 2011 Toyota speeding away with no lights on , authorities said .
Officers tried to pull the car over near Fairview Drive and Somersville Road , but the driver refused to stop and led a chase onto Auto Center Drive , police said . The car crashed minutes later into a home on the 1700 block of Mahogany Way , police said .
No one was hurt in the crash , but three people in the car were arrested : Tony Belfield , 33 , of Antioch ; Kimberly Saunders , 36 , of Antioch and Richard Ludlow , 18 , of Daly City . All three were booked on suspicion of murder . Saunders and Ludlow were also being held on suspicion of being an accessory to murder .
Ludlow , the alleged driver , was also booked on suspicion of felony evading police .
Officers checked the area where the gunshot was heard and found Christopher Monico , 21 , of San Francisco dead from a bullet wound .
Monico and the three suspects knew each other , police said .
Henry K. Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . E-mail : hlee @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ henryklee
Abolish the Department of Homeland Security
I have a love/hate relationship with the Cato Institute . Most of their analysis I strongly disagree with , but some of it I equally strongly agree with . Last September 11 -- the tenth anniversary of 9/11 -- Cato 's David Rittgers published `` Abolish the Department of Homeland Security '' :
DHS has too many subdivisions in too many disparate fields to operate effectively . Agencies with responsibilities for counterfeiting investigations , border security , disaster preparedness , federal law enforcement training , biological warfare defense , and computer incident response find themselves under the same cabinet official . This arrangement has not enhanced the government 's competence . Americans are not safer because the head of DHS is simultaneously responsible for airport security and governmental efforts to counter potential flu epidemics . National defense is a key governmental responsibility , but focusing too many resources on trying to defend every potential terrorist target is a recipe for wasteful spending . Our limited resources are better spent on investigating and arresting aspiring terrorists . DHS responsibilities for aviation security , domestic surveillance , and port security have made it too easy for politicians to disguise pork barrel spending in red , white , and blue . Politicians want to bring money home to their districts , and as a result , DHS appropriations too often differ from what ought to be DHS priorities .
I agree with that . In fact , in 2003 , when the country was debating a single organization that would be responsible for most ( not all , since the Justice Department , the State Department , and the Department of Defense were too powerful to lose any pieces of themselves ) of the country 's counterterrorism efforts , I wrote :
Our nation may actually be less secure if the Department of Homeland Security eventually takes over the responsibilities of existing agencies . The last thing we want is for the Department of Energy , the Department of Commerce , and the Department of State to say : `` Security ; that 's the responsibility of the DHS . '' Security is the responsibility of everyone in government . We wo n't defeat terrorism by finding a single thing that works all the time . We 'll defeat terrorism when every little thing works in its own way , and together provides an immune system for our society . Unless the DHS distributes security responsibility even as it centralizes coordination , it wo n't improve our nation 's security .
Back to the Cato report :
The Department of Homeland Security should be abolished and its components reorganized into more practical groupings . The agencies tasked with immigration , border security , and customs enforcement belong under the same oversight agency , which could appropriately be called the Border Security Administration . The Transportation Security Administration and Federal Air Marshals Service should be abolished , and the federal government should end support for fusion centers . The remaining DHS organizations should return to their former parent agencies .
Hard to argue with most of that , although abolishing the TSA is n't a good idea . Airport security should be rolled back to pre-9/11 levels , but someone is going to have to be in charge of it . Putting the airlines in charge of it does n't make sense ; their incentives are going to be passenger service rather than security . Some government agency either has to hire the screeners and staff the checkpoints , or make and enforce rules for contractor-staffed checkpoints to follow .
Last November , the U.S. Congressional Republicans published a report very critical of the TSA : `` A Decade Later : A Call for TSA Reform . ''
This report is an examination and critical analysis of the development , evolution , and current status and performance of TSA ten years after its creation . Since its inception , TSA has lost its focus on transportation security . Instead , it has grown into an enormous , inflexible and distracted bureaucracy , more concerned with human resource management and consolidating power , and acting reactively instead of proactively . As discussed more fully in the Recommendations section on page 18 , TSA must realign its responsibilities as a federal regulator and focus on analyzing intelligence , setting screening and security standards based on risk , auditing passenger and baggage screening operations , and ensuring compliance with national screening standards .
In a related link , there 's a response to a petition to abolish the TSA . The response is by TSA administrator John Pistole , so it 's not the most objective piece of writing on the topic , and does n't actually respond to the petition :
Why TSA Exists . TSA was created two months after the September 11 terrorist attacks , when Congress passed the Aviation and Transportation Security Act ( ATSA ) [ .pdf ] to keep the millions of Americans who travel each day safe and secure across numerous modes of transportation . Over the past 10 years , TSA has strengthened security by creating successful programs and deploying technologies that were not in place prior to September 11 , while also taking steps whenever possible to enhance the passenger experience . Here are just a few of the many steps TSA has taken to strengthen our multi-layered approach to security .... [ ... ] Our Nation is safer and better prepared today because of these and other efforts of the Department of Homeland Security , TSA , and our federal , state , local and international partners . TSA is constantly identifying ways to continue to strengthen security and improve the passenger experience and appreciates the feedback of the public .
Pistole just assumes that what their organization is doing is important , and never even mentions how much it costs or whether it 's worth it .
Posted on January 12 , 2012 at 3:04 PM • 54 Comments
From : andrew cooke < andrew @ ... >
Date : Sat , 9 Jul 2011 20:30:15 -0400
New book by Naomi Klein claims that Virgin founder gave less than a tenth of cash promised to develop low carbon fuel
Richard Branson has failed to deliver on their much-vaunted pledge to spend $ 3bn ( £1.8bn ) over a decade to develop a low carbon fuel .
Seven years into the pledge , Branson has paid out only a small fraction of the promised money – “ well under $ 300m ” – according to a new book by the writer and activist , Naomi Klein .
The British entrepreneur famously promised to divert a share of the profits from their Virgin airlines empire to find a cleaner fuel , after a 2006 private meeting with Al Gore .
Branson went on to found a $ 25m Earth prize for a technology that could safely suck 1bn tons of carbon a year from the atmosphere . In 2009 , they set up the Carbon War Room , an NGO which works on business solutions for climate change .
But by Klein 's estimate , Branson 's “ firm commitment ” of $ 3bn failed to materialise .
“ So the sceptics might be right : Branson 's various climate adventures may indeed prove to have all been a spectacle , a Virgin production , with everyone 's favourite bearded billionaire playing the part of planetary saviour to build their brand , land on late night TV , fend off regulators , and feel good about doing bad , ” Klein writes in This Changes Everything , Capitalism vs The Climate .
Klein uses Branson and other so-called green billionaires – such as the former New York mayor , Michael Bloomberg – as case studies for their argument that it is unrealistic to rely on business to find solutions to climate change .
Branson routed a first pay-out of their $ 3bn commitment , about $ 130m , through a new Virgin investment company into corn ethanol .
The fuel has now been widely discredited as a greener alternative to fossil fuels , because of its climate change impacts and for driving up the cost of food .
Virgin went on to look at other biofuels , at one point exploring a project to develop jet fuel from eucalyptus trees . “ But the rest of its investments are a grab bag of vaguely green-hued projects , from water desalination to energy efficient lighting , to an in-car monitoring system to help drivers conserve gas , ” Klein writes .
By last year , the total of those investments , in corn ethanol and elsewhere , amounted to about $ 230m , they estimate . Branson made an additional small investment in an algae fuel company , Solazyme . But Branson still puts the total spend at well under $ 300m – just a tenth of their $ 3bn pledge .
The British entrepreneur has acknowledged that their efforts to mobilise large investments on cleaner fuels have fallen short . However , they told the Observer earlier this year they had lost many millions in failed green investments .
“ There is no question that Virgin is involved in a number of businesses that emit a lot of carbon , and that is one of the reasons why I have to work particularly hard … but , more importantly , to try to help other people balance their books as well , ” they said .
“ We have invested hundreds of millions in clean technology projects . We have n't made hundreds of millions profit , ” they said .
Branson also told the Observer that they felt they had a responsibility to do something for the climate – given that so much of their empire is built on carbon-intensive transport industries .
“ There is no question that Virgin is involved in a number of businesses that emit a lot of carbon , and that is one of the reasons why I have to work particularly hard … but , more importantly , to try to help other people balance their books as well , ” they said .
BAMAKO ( Reuters ) - An unidentified gunman on Wednesday shot at United Nations vehicles in Mali 's capital Bamako and targeted a house where U.N. staff were staying , wounding a guard , the world body said .
The attack was the first on U.N. staff or buildings in the southern capital , though the Mali mission has been hit by numerous rocket attacks and bombings in the desert north since it deployed in mid-2013 .
The U.N. mission , known as MINUSMA , said the shooting erupted after the attacker tried to torch U.N. vehicles parked outside a residence for U.N. troops .
“ MINUSMA would like to reiterate that Malian authorities are responsible for the security of U.N. personnel , especially in Bamako , ” the mission said in a statement .
At least 35 U.N. peacekeepers have been killed and over 150 others injured since the mission was deployed to Mali , which is struggling to stamp control on the north , occupied by separatist rebels and Islamist militants .
Many southern Malians are frustrated that peacekeepers have not done enough to help its weak security forces clear the array of gunmen out of the northern desert zone , where national security forces are barely present .
Meanwhile , hundreds of people protested in the northern rebel stronghold of Kidal on Wednesday , complaining against the U.N. mission blocking rebel moves to reclaim control of the town of Menaka , recently lost in fighting with pro-Bamako militia .
Those wanting to support the OpenSSL project can now make donations in bitcoin , as well as via more traditional means of payment .
First released in 1998 , OpenSSL is a commercial-grade , open-source toolkit implementing the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) and Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) protocols , as well as a full-strength general purpose cryptography library .
Currently at version 1.0.1g , and with 1.0.2 currently in beta , it is estimated that OpenSSL is now used on two-thirds of all web servers .
However , the OpenSSL project is headed by a relatively small team with just one full-time employee . The annual budget for the whole project is under $ 1m and much of the money comes in the form of donations through the OpenSSL Software Foundation .
The OSF , which was set up to support the project , is incorporated as a regular for-profit organisation , so the donations are not tax-deductible , but corporate donations are considered business expenses .
Four levels of sponsorship acknowledgement are on offer , starting at $ 5,000 a year , and ad hoc donations of any amount are also welcome . The foundation accepts several major credit cards and PayPal , as well as – as of a few days ago – bitcoin .
Bug oversight
OpenSSL does not get a lot of media coverage except in professional , niche publications .
However , a few weeks ago the foundation got its 15 minutes of fame for all the wrong reasons , when the notorious Heartbleed bug – which was caused by an oversight in OpenSSL versions 1.0.1 through 1.0.1f – came to light .
The flaw was identified two weeks ago and was quickly patched up by the vast majority of companies , including bitcoin operators and Bitcoin Core developers .
Caution is still advised , however , and many sites and services are advising users to change their passwords for additional security and peace of mind .
A range of frozen meals from processor Contessa Premium Foods based on recipes from TV chef Ina Garten will launch in retailers such as Walmart and Safeway , said CEO Don Binotto .
The range , uniting the processor and the host of Barefoot Contessa , will roll out in several major retailers over the next few months .
“ Shaws , Wakefern , Price Chopper , WalMart , Safeway , Publix , Ahold , Meijer , Marsh Supermarket all will be shipped product between Feb and April , ” Binotto told Undercurrent News .
The launch will be backed with a $ 8 million marketing campaign , across media , said Binotto .
The range of nine Barefoot Contessa meals includes two seafood items , a chicken and shrimp jambalaya and a shrimp scampi linguine .
The idea came about from an unconnected call from Garten to Binotto , over use of the word ‘ Contessa ' .
“ Ina called personally about a litigation between them and my predecessor [ John Blazevich , Contessa founder ] , ” said Binotto , who came in as CEO after Contessa was bought from chapter 11 bankruptcy protection by private equity groups Sun Capital Partners and Main Street Capital Holdings in 2011 .
“ I can not give you specifics but the litigation revolved around their use of Barefoot Contessa in retail frozen meals , ” said Binotto .
“ I said , ‘ I 'm not a litigious person , let 's have lunch and sort this out ' . ”
From this lunch came the idea to partner on a range , using recipes from Garten , Binotto told Undercurrent .
Garten has been given full quality control over the products . “ This was something that our investment partners asked me , ‘ Don , do you really want this in ? ' But it is very important to me that we protect the quality of the range . ”
The products will retail at around $ 7.99- $ 8.99 and serve two .
Binotto sees the range as part of one of “ three legs ” to build the new company on , another being its growing tuna business .
The “ third leg ” that Binotto sees driving the company 's growth is co-packing .
“ We want to get the plant utilization up , ” they said .
When Binotto took over the company , utilization of the company 's $ 35 million plant -- which was the world 's first leadership in energy and environmental design ( LEED ) -certified frozen food manufacturing plant at the time of opening in 2007 -- had dropped to 15 % .
The LEED plant is up at 41 % now and growing , they said .
Getting more co-packing business , much of which was lost in the uncertain period when the company was in chapter 11 and customers moved away , is something Binotto wants to secure more of .
The company is now profitable again , they said , and the culture has been changed from one of excess to one more in tune with the world in 2013 .
“ I would say we now have a culture of fiscal responsibly , which was just not in place in the company before , under the previous regime , ” they said .
Binotto has made some drastic changes since taking over , first shutting Contessa 's opulent offices . “ I never saw anything like it in my days with Heinz , Del Monte or Starkist , ” they said of the offices , which overlooked the San Pedro harbor .
The company 's west coast presence is now based in the plant , with Binotto , Benson and the company 's other top executives all based in Pittsburgh .
At the upcoming Boston seafood show , the company will not have a booth and sales and buying executives only go if they have a packed meetings schedule .
This alone is saving around $ 500,000 a year , compared to Contessa 's trade show spend , which features vast booths and models .
The company 's corporate jet also had to go . Now , nobody flies first or business class , “ unless you get upgraded ” , said Binotto .
Dante Exum has to adjust to more time playing off the ball , but they are just happy to be playing consistently again after missing all of last season rehabilitating from a torn left anterior cruciate ligament .
`` It 's a great feeling , '' Exum told ESPN after Utah Jazz 's come-from-behind win against the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden on Sunday .
`` [ Being on the bench ] is no place for a player-to-be . I 'm just happy to be out there , taking it one game at a time and continuing to get better .
`` [ I 'm ] definitely back into the rhythm of playing . It 's just getting that consistency - not having played for a while to going to back-to-backs and five games in seven nights . It 's just about adjusting to that . ''
Editor 's Picks 76ers coach sees Simmons as point guard Philadelphia 76ers coach Brett Brown has big plans for Ben Simmons once the No . 1 draft pick recovers from injury , revealing they intend to groom the Australian as a point guard .
It 's not just consistency that Exum is adjusting to , though . The Australian , who was drafted by the Jazz essentially straight out of high school , had played as a point guard for the majority of their rookie season in 2014-15 , but through the first six games of the current season they have played the role of an off-the-ball guard more than that of the traditional point guard -- with most of those latter minutes being assigned to George Hill and Shelvin Mack .
`` I 'm always used to playing the one [ and ] it 's always an adjustment changing , '' Exum said .
`` I 've adjusted well and I 've just got to continue to concentrate on what to do . Hopefully just get better from there . ''
Exum is averaging 6.7 points and 2.7 rebounds per game through the early stages of the season , but there 's always room for improvement . As the season progresses , they feel like eventually he 'll be moved back to their most natural playing position .
`` [ Jazz coach Quinn Snyder ] has n't talked to me about that [ but ] I 'm a versatile guy ; being able to play both positions , I think we get a bit more stable in our rotations , '' they said . `` I think I 'll get back into the one more . ''
Snyder says nothing is guaranteed minutes-wise for any of the Jazz players .
`` Roles are going to expand and contract based on how guys play , '' Snyder said pregame .
`` It 's really that simple . ''
Barry Gossage/NBAE via Getty Images
Exum , still only 21 , had been pegged as the Jazz 's point guard of the future , but the team acquired veteran Hill in the off-season -- a move that could have , understandably , given Exum the impression that a starting spot was still a way off .
Exum , however , views the move as a positive for their development .
`` I think it 's always good that [ the Jazz ] have patience in me , '' they said .
`` It 's always hard coming back from an injury and expected to perform straight away . It 's good that I can find my feet first and hopefully I get to that point [ of starting ] .
`` I 'm watching [ Hill ] every game and seeing what they do . During practice he 's helping me with certain decisions , and doing everything to help me . ''
The Jazz are scheduled to play the 76ers in Philadelphia on Monday -- a contest Exum would have been looking forward to even more had their good friend Ben Simmons been able to play .
Exum has been in regular contact with Simmons , saying they have urged them not to rush anything in their rehab as they look to come back from a Jones fracture .
`` The biggest thing was about for them doing [ rehab ] so when they get back on the court , he 's ready to go , '' Exum said .
`` I told them the biggest thing is not to rush it as well . I know they want to get out there and play , but they need to continue to stay in rehab because you do n't want it to be an injury that keeps hanging around . ''
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY , Fla. - A police officer was killed in a crash Tuesday afternoon in southwest Miami-Dade County .
Officer Jorge Sanchez -- who had served with Miami police for 21 years -- was on their motorcycle headed to work Tuesday when they were killed in the crash .
Miami-Dade police were called to a crash Tuesday that involved an officer and shut down Southwest Eighth Street at 137th Avenue .
Sky 10 was following an ambulance that was being escorted by four police officers on motorcycles . The ambulance was carrying the body of Sanchez .
Multiple other vehicles were involved in the crash , including a white car that was turned on its side .
`` What I can tell you is they were traveling southbound , stopped at the intersection of 137th and Eighth Street . They were rear-ended by an SUV , '' Trooper Joe Sanchez said . `` That impact forced them forward . ''
The impact caused a chain-reaction crash that involved about a half-dozen vehicles .
All eastbound and westbound lanes of Eighth Street were closed at the intersection for several hours .
Witnesses told Local 10 News reporter Liane Morejon that the officer was stopped at a red light when another vehicle came speeding through and struck him . They said at least eight vehicles were hit .
`` It was scary because there were just so many cars everywhere . It looked like a bomb had gone off or something , '' Andrew Fanton said .
Fanton said they helped some of the victims get out of their vehicles .
`` I was in the car behind the pickup truck , '' Fanton said . `` I was coming up to the intersection , getting ready to make a left-hand turn , and I saw this white car tumbling in the air through the intersection , and it hit the ground ( and ) smashed into the blue car . There was white smoke everywhere . ''
A man who was working in the area told Morejon that they heard the crash and ran to the officer 's side , who was lying in the street .
`` I heard the screeching and I heard the actual impact , and right when I heard it , I ran as fast as I can . When I looked , I saw that they had a uniform on and it was a Miami police officer , '' Alberto Lugo said . `` So I looked at them and they had blood gushing out of their helmet . Immediately , the only thing I could do was the only thing I know how to do . I put my hand behind their back . I did n't want to touch them around their body . But I put my hand behind their back and actually prayed . ''
While Sky 10 was above the crash scene , two women and a man were seen being placed onto stretchers .
Several others sat on the median as they were being treated by paramedics .
Authorities said 12 people were injured , five of whom were taken to Kendall Regional Medical Center 's trauma center .
Local 10 News reporter Michael Seiden was at the hospital after the crash and said about two dozen police officers were seen walking into the emergency room , where the injured officer was among the patients being treated .
Authorities have n't confirmed what led up to the crash or who was at fault .
Sanchez is survived by their mother , ex-wife , fiancée and three children , one of whom is an officer with the Miami Police Department .
The Florida Highway Patrol is investigating
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
The Podesta Group is headed for implosion in the wake of co-founder and chairperson Tony Podesta 's sudden resignation last month .
On Thursday , CEO Kimberley Fritts told employees they were also resigning and would start their own firm , bringing clients and some Podesta Group talent with her , the Hill reported Friday .
Fritts reportedly said the Podesta Group would “ cease to exist ” at the end of the year , and employees were asked to clear their desks and told they may not be paid beyond this coming Wednesday but could have health care through the end of the year , according to CNN .
Podesta resigned October 30 , the same day special counsel Robert Mueller 's team unveiled 12 charges against Paul Manafort and business partner Rick Gates related to lobbying work they did before joining the Trump campaign . They have pleaded not guilty .
Mueller is also investigating the Podesta Group for its lobbying work for a pro-Russian Ukrainian political party , organized by Manafort .
The firm was mentioned in the indictments of Manafort and Gates . According to the indictment , Mercury Public Affairs and the Podesta Group were paid $ 2 million from offshore accounts controlled by Manafort , and their work included lobbying “ multiple members of Congress and their staffs about Ukraine sanctions , the validity of Ukraine elections , ” and the reasons for imprisoning Yulia Tymoshenko , the political rival of Russian-backed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych .
Mueller is reportedly investigating whether the Podesta Group properly identified to federal authorities it was lobbying on behalf of a foreign interest . The firm retroactively filed a disclosure after being questioned by the Justice Department .
Mueller 's team has interviewed “ multiple people ” from the Podesta Group , according to CNN . Podesta Group representatives have said the pro-Russian Ukrainian organization misrepresented itself .
The dismantlement of the Podesta Group marks a dramatic downfall of one of the most powerful lobbying firms in Washington , DC , founded by Podesta and brother , John Podesta , who was Hillary Clinton 's 2016 campaign manager .
Podesta has remained defiant , telling staff they “ would n't go quietly , ” according to Politico .
YG & Nipsey Hussle Cops Shut Down ' F * * * Trump ' Video Shoot
Cops Shut Down YG & Nipsey Hussle 's ' F * * * Donald Trump ' Music Video Shoot
Exclusive Details
YG and Nipsey Hussle had to assume the position during their music video shoot in L.A. ... as cops swarmed to disperse the crowd shouting , `` F * * k Donald Trump ! ''
The music video was for their song , `` F * * k Donald Trump '' -- so that explains the chants -- but LAPD clearly thought things were getting out of control . Witnesses tell us about 100 people fell in behind the rappers while they shot the video Sunday in South L.A .
Cops responded in riot gear ... and quickly shut down the shoot . Law enforcement sources tell us the officers were responding to a call for cars cruising the streets and the crowd that had gathered to watch . We 're told LAPD had no idea it was a music video shoot .
There was at least one car out of control on set . Check out this Corvette doing donuts and taking OUT a bystander ! Amazingly , the guy walked away seemingly without injury .
A video posted by ⚠️STAY TUNED⚠️ DM Me🏎🤔👌 ( @ 4.8jayy ) on Apr 4 , 2016 at 7:11am PDT
Sources on set tell us Nipsey and YG got plenty of footage before cops moved in , so ... the music video 's not in jeopardy .
A video posted by J23 ( @ jtwothree_ ) on Apr 3 , 2016 at 7:58pm PDT
Checkout our new Website/Blog here .
I have installed Ubuntu 10.04 on a gumstix overo using a collection of instructions found online . A summary of the instructions is below for convenience . This is my first attempt and there are a few issues that I am going to try to resolve .
I used an ubuntu 10.04 desktop machine as my working environment for these instructions .
1 . Install rootstock : ‘ sudo apt-get install rootstock '
Rootstock is a utility used to make a rootFS for a port
2. make rootfs using rootstock . This may take several hours
I used the following command but doing ‘ man rootstock ' will give you a list of advanced commands
I set my distribution with -d to lucid because I wanted ubuntu 10.04
the openssh-server will allow you to connect your gumstix to the internet and ssh in
‘ sudo rootstock -f “ Gumstix ” -l “ gumstix ” -p “ overo ” -n “ Gumstix Overo
Ubuntu ” -s lxde , gdm , openssh-server , x11vnc -t “ America/Vancouver ” –serial ttyS2 -d lucid –locale en_US.UTF-8 '
Note 1 : the user gumstix and password overo do not work because the user does not get created properly . More on how to deal with that later
Note 2 : my rootstock command threw a segfault near the end but still made the image . Everything appears to be working fine so far but I am going to try to figure out how to stop it from doing that
Note 3 : the lxde , gdm is good for a minimal installation for use on a small device with limited power and storage space . Good for a headless system .
Link for more info on making a rootfs
https : //wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/RootfsFromScratch
3 . Get MLO and u-boot from this link
http : //www.sakoman.com/feeds/omap3/glibc/images/overo/201009091145/
4 . Get your kernel u-image This kernel is based on the 2.6.34 kernel . Newer and older kernels should work but you will have to find modules for that kernel . ( see step 8 )
http : //dl.dropbox.com/u/211887/Ubuntu/uImage-2.6.34-r88-overo.bin
5 . Format your microSD card as per usual http : //www.gumstix.net/Documentation/view/Overo-Setup-and-Programming/Creating-a-bootable-microSD-card/109.html
6. put MLO , u-boot , u-image on microSD card boot partition
7. extract generated rootfs to second partition
8 . Download and extract modules and copy them to second partition ( where you extracted the rootfs )
http : //dl.dropbox.com/u/211887/Ubuntu/modules-2.6.34-r88-overo.tgz
9 . On the second partition open the /etc/shadow file . ‘ sudo gedit /path/to/second/partition/etc/shadow '
Delete the ‘ * ' for the root entry . This will allow you to login as root and create a user .
Note : remember to put the ‘ * ' back after you have created a user so someone ca n't login as root and screw up your system
10. open the ‘ /etc/network/interfaces ' file . ‘ sudo gedit /path/to/second/partition/etc/network/interfaces '
add the following code to the bottom
auto eth0 iface eth0 inet dhcp
You can now unmount the microSD card , place it in the gumstix and boot to it .
Login using serial console using the gumstix instructions in the link below or you can plug an ethernet card in and ssh in
http : //www.gumstix.net/Documentation/view/Overo-Setup-and-Programming/Getting-started/109.html
11. login as root and then create a user for yourself and give yourself sudo
sudo adduser youruser
sudo adduser youruser sudo
sudo apt-get install nano
nano /etc/shadow
add the ‘ * ' back in that we removed earlier
log out as root
12. log in as your user
open the /etc/apt/sources.list file
add the following lines if they are not present
deb http : //ports.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-ports lucid-updates main deb http : //ports.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-ports lucid-security main
then close the file
sudo apt-get update & & sudo apt-get upgrade
13 . Have fun
email me at nwnadams @ gmail.com if you have any problems or have something you want to add that other people should know
Advertisements
Writing is the next best thing to telepathy . It makes up for something we lack in nature : the ability to truly feel what it is like to be another person .
Sympathy aside , everything I experience , I ultimately experience alone . This will always be true . No one else will ever literally feel my pain , my bliss , my disappointments , or my triumphs , just as I will never know exactly what it feels like to be someone else . But by reading , maybe I can come close .
When reading , I draw on personal frames of reference to understand other viewpoints . All is Quiet on the Western Front gave me a horrifying sense of what it felt like to be a German soldier during World War I . The Slave Narrative of Frederick Douglas triggered in me personal feelings of injustice as the author showed me what it was like to be an American slave before the Civil War .
How does this experience transfer possible ? I was not alive when slavery was legal , and I have never been to Europe or enlisted in an army . However , there are times I have felt trapped and times I have felt afraid . I also know what it feels like to experience loss , to feel helpless , to be angry at cruel people .
In other words , I have frames of reference that are practically universal to the human experience .
Not that they are literally universal , but at the risk of extraterrestrial disapproval , I will use the word anyway to refer to experiences most humans share .
Experience transfer through writing is possible , in part , because humans are incredibly similar , despite the fact that we define ourselves by our differences . James Russel Lowell said , “ Whatever you may be sure of , be sure of this – that you are dreadfully like other people . ”
It is an uncomfortable thought ; there are so many people I would rather not be like . But there is truth here .
Genetically we are 99.9 per cent alike . We draw from the same emotional palette . We love and we hate , feel jealousy and rage . We occupy the same planet , see the same sun , and gaze at the same moon . We feel heat and cold , hunger and thirst .
No matter how uniquely intricate our lives appear , the fact remains : some aspects of the human experience are so common , they persist over millennia . That is why I can read books by writers on the other side of the globe and still relate to their stories , even if their culture and language is radically different from my own .
You would think that the more universal writing is , the more commercially in demand it would be , since common frames of reference affect how much a reader can relate to a story . However , the opposite sometimes appears to be true . Literature that focuses on exploring what is common to the human situation is set apart by the label “ literary fiction ” as opposed to commercial fiction , which exists primarily to entertain .
Thus , writing that should be easiest to relate to is packaged as something remote , unpopular , an exotic acquired taste , an oddity reserved for a small elite group of highly educated citizens . But the human situation belongs to everyone .
Besides , the line between “ literary ” and “ commercial fiction ” is blurry . A romance novel can potentially say as much about the human condition as fiction designated as literary , although it might do so by accident .
I wonder , though , why fiction devoted to exploring universals would not be considered entertaining or especially sellable .
When I was an adolescent , I read for many reasons . Sometimes I read to escape into another world . I read for drama and suspense . I read to become acquainted with interesting characters .
But I especially read to feel understood . I loved the passages that moved me to say , Yes , exactly ! That is what it feels like to love and hate someone at the same time . This is what it feels like to roller-skate or swim in the ocean or experience an awful family vacation . This is what it feels like to be lonely . This is what I have thought and felt , yet have been unable to put into words .
Sometimes a writer would admit something I was ashamed to tell anyone ; all at once the burden would lift with the thought , I am not alone after all , and the secret really stops being embarrassing once you say it .
I read to compare my experiences with that of others ; in other words , I read.for universal truths embedded in specific situations I could relate to . For me that was entertaining , whereas fiction with fake happy endings tended to depress me .
But how do writers achieve stories that resonate with universality ?
Years ago , I read a book called Writing the Wave . In it I encountered an interesting way to wed the personal to the universal in writing . The author presented a drawing of a butterfly .
Next , they asked the reader to write on the first wing a one-sentence summary of a personal experience , say , the death of a grandparent . The next step was to think of a news event , say a devastating natural disaster like an earthquake , and write “ earthquake ” on the other wing .
The butterfly represents a balance between the personal experience and the large-scale event , the single loss of a family member multiplied a thousand-fold by a natural disaster . The next assignment was to write a story incorporating both wings of the butterfly , drawing emotions from the personal loss to make descriptions of the news event powerfully moving , rather than abstract and sterile .
There are other possibilities . On the first wing , you might write “ police violence against ethnic or racial minorities. ” On the other wing you might write , “ The time I was bullied . ”
The technique breathes emotional life into abstract reports and expands personal experiences into universal ones . Though I never literally write on butterfly drawings anymore , the image often comes back to me when I write .
It contains the important lesson that no matter how unique , quirky , and bizarre my experience is , there is probably something universal about it , something most anyone could relate to , if I took the trouble to find it .
The universal manifests in specific ways , and as a writer I want to do what the poet William Blake suggested : to see “ the universe in a grain of sand and a heaven in a wild flower . ”
I read for the same reason : to find the universal in the specific . Stories that create a balance between the two are the kind of stories I remember best , the kind I go back and reread , and the kind I want to write .
If you enjoyed this post you might like my other writing . Take a moment and sign up for my free starter library . Click here . Also my story collection “ Remembering the Future ” is available for purchase on Amazon .
Richard Hanbury , the company 's chief , worked on the technology as a solution to their chronic pain issues that make it hard to go to sleep . It was put to the test when Bertrand Piccard relied on the technology to make sure they had enough rest when they piloted the Solar Impulse on a round-the-world journey last year . They could only nap three hours a day divided in 20-minute blocks and needed the extra help to make the most of each . At the moment , Sana Health is testing the device on athletes in need of restful nights while traveling .
Sana Sleep is n't just for pilots and athletes , though : it 's for everyone who 's having trouble going to bed . Now that the company has successfully closed a $ 1.3 million round of seed funding , it 'll start working towards mass production . Hanbury says you 'll be able to buy the mask by the second quarter of 2018 at the earliest , and it will set you back $ 400 .
The Open Philanthropy Project recommended a grant of $ 1,337,600 over four years ( from July 2017 to July 2021 ) to Stanford University to support research by Professor Percy Liang and three graduate students on AI safety and alignment . The funds will be split approximately evenly across the four years ( i.e . roughly $ 320,000 to $ 350,000 per year ) .
This is one of a number of grants we plan to recommend to support work by top AI researchers on AI safety and alignment issues , with the goals of a ) building a pipeline for younger researchers , b ) making progress on technical problems , and c ) further establishing AI safety research as a field .
Background
This grant falls within our work on potential risks from advanced artificial intelligence , one of our focus areas within global catastrophic risks .
We previously recommended a $ 25,000 planning grant to Professor Liang in March 2017 to enable them to spend substantial time engaging with our process to determine whether to proceed with this larger funding recommendation .
About the grant
Proposed activities
We asked Professor Liang to submit a research description of problems they currently plan to work on , why they find these problems important , and how they think they might make progress . In broad terms , Professor Liang initially plans to focus on a subset of the following topics :
Robustness against adversarial attacks on machine learning ( ML ) systems
Verification of the implementation of ML systems
“ Knowing what you do n't know , ” i.e . calibrated / uncertainty-aware ML
“ Natural language ” supervision , i.e . using compositional , abstract , underspecified languages ( e.g . English or some engineered language ) in dialogue to specify rewards and goals
Professor Liang thinks that it is possible to make empirically verifiable progress on these topics , and that the general principles developed in this way are reasonably likely to be relevant for addressing global catastrophic risks from advanced AI ( though this latter impact will be much harder to evaluate ) . Professor Liang also thinks that work on these topics will clarify how existing reliable ML research relates to potential risks from advanced AI , which could increase the number and quality of researchers working on potential risks from advanced AI .
Professor Liang plans to spend about 20 % of their overall research time on the agenda supported by this grant . This grant will also support about three graduate students .
Risks and reservations
We have some disagreements with Professor Liang about which problems and approaches in this area are most important and promising . These disagreements depend largely on differing intuitions about which research directions are likely to be most promising , and we can easily imagine later agreeing with Professor Liang on these issues . In one past instance , Daniel Dewey ( our Program Officer for Potential Risks from Advanced Artificial Intelligence , “ Daniel ” throughout this page ) was persuaded by Professor Liang of the likely usefulness of a line of research about which they had initially been skeptical .
Rather than trying to resolve our disagreements and settle on a fixed research agenda for this grant now , we expect it to be more valuable to keep Professor Liang 's potential research directions relatively open , and to facilitate discussion about these issues between Professor Liang , our technical advisors , other Open Philanthropy grantees , and other AI research organizations in order to move toward resolving our disagreements over time .
Overall , we are highly confident that Professor Liang understands and shares our interests and values in this space .
Plans for learning and follow-up
Key questions for follow-up
How is the research going overall ?
Has Professor Liang 's team formed any new perspectives on research problems they investigate ?
Have there been any updates to the team 's research priorities ?
Are there other ways in which Open Philanthropy could help ?
Follow-up expectations
We plan to check in with Professor Liang roughly every six months for the duration of the grant to get in-depth updates on their results so far and plans for the future . We may also have less comprehensive , more informal discussions with Professor Liang roughly once a month ( if both we and Professor Liang have time and think it would be beneficial ) .
At the end of the grant period , we will decide whether to renew our support based on our technical advisors ' evaluation of Professor Liang 's work so far , their proposed next steps , and our assessment of how well their research program has served as a pipeline for students entering the field . We are optimistic about the chances of renewing our support . We think the most likely reason we might choose not to renew would be if Professor Liang decides that AI alignment research is n't a good fit for them or for their students .
Our process
Two of Open Philanthropy 's technical advisors reviewed Professor Liang 's research proposal . Both felt largely positive about the proposed research directions and recommended to Daniel that Open Philanthropy make this grant , despite some disagreements with Professor Liang ( and with each other ) about the likely value of some specific components of the proposal ( see above ) .
A A
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . ( AP ) - A judge has ordered Arkansas officials to recognize over 500 same-sex marriages performed in the state last year , a move that will let the couples enjoy benefits such as filing taxes jointly.Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen on Tuesday validated marriage licenses issued to same-sex couples after another judge struck down the state 's gay marriage ban . The state Supreme Court halted the distribution of marriage licenses to gay couples after a week in May 2014 and is considering the appeal over a voter-approved same-sex marriage ban.Griffen 's ruling means the couples can file taxes jointly , appear jointly on a child 's birth certificate , enroll together on state health insurance plans or even file for divorce . The state could appeal.Griffen was among those who presided over same-sex weddings last year . ( Copyright 2015 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
The Cubs , Red Sox , Giants and Dodgers are believed to be the top four suitors for Jon Lester , who reportedly is n't expected to make a decision prior to the beginning of next week 's Winter Meetings . We 'll keep track of today 's Lester rumors here…
Ryan Dempster , who joined the Cubs ' front office today , has been in contact with Lester and talked up how great it is to pitch with the Cubs , writes ESPN Chicago 's Jesse Rogers . A source familiar with the Lester negotiations told Rogers that reports indicating a $ 130-140MM offer from the Cubs are actually low . Lester is expected to top $ 150MM , Rogers writes , and if a team “ blows past ” that number by adding a seventh year or bidding $ 160-170MM , Chicago is likely to bow out of the race .
Hello , my name is Martin Morrow , and I studied film at the prestigious ( ¯\ ( ツ ) _/¯ ) Auburn University . I 've also studied white people for close to 23 tears ― I mean years ; just know I 'm an expert in my field .
Recently , the Jordan Peele written/directed movie “ Get Out ” has garnered rave reviews , media buzz and a breakout star in Chicago 's own Lil Rel Howery . “ Get Out ” is the story of a young , Black photographer named Chris ( Daniel Kaluuya ) who heads to a secluded suburban neighborhood to meet their white girlfriend Rose 's ( Allison Williams ) family ... and everything is n't as it seems . It 's a brilliant thriller with a satirical spin , and its commentary on race relations ― plus the fact that the villains are white and oppressive in nature ― have naturally caused the same white moviegoers who 've spent the past four months saying “ get over it ” or calling people “ snowflakes ” to complain that “ Get Out ” is “ racist against white people . ”
Did those same people who are upset about “ Get Out ” also speak out about the years-long white on white crime spree in the “ Scream ” series ? Or the perpetual stereotype that white men kill their families glorified in the “ Halloween ” franchise ? Or the idea that when our justice system fails to convict white men in sex offender cases , the public has to take matters into its own hands ― leading to a man being burnt to death , but then returning to murder people in their sleep , because their privilege has caused them to feel he 's done nothing wrong like in all those “ Nightmare on Elm Street ” movies ? But I digress .
Many white people may have reservations about seeing “ Get Out , ” as it may cause them to think reflectively about racism , so I have opted to whitesplain the film for six different categories of white people in an attempt to ease any lingering viewing tension . I hope it helps .
For The “ I Listen to Beyoncé , So I Think I Get It ” White Person
We can all agree that Beyoncé is amazing , but downloading Tidal does n't fully exonerate your problematic behavior . Hopefully , you 'll go beyond the narrative of the white girl living in a big city and read the following out loud to really get into the flow of the movie :
“ If I Were A ( Black ) Boy would people see my Halo ? If I fell Crazy In Love with someone of a different race , would their family be potentially harvesting bodies that look like mine to Upgrade U white folks and could I find my Freedom ? Would my white girlfriend 's Daddy Lessons teach the family to call for the End of Times for the Black people who come to their home ? After all , when white people get in Formation , they tend to Run The World and rarely Listen or say Sorry . ”
Ca n't get behind all of that ? Good to know you 're a Beautiful Liar .
For The “ Um , I Dated A * Black * Person In College ” White Person
So , like , you remember making out with that one “ I think they played basketball or something ” * whispers * Black guy at that party with all the Hunch Punch ?
Okay , imagine if the Hunch Punch had a different effect on him , like in the Tuskegee experiments ... oh , you did n't study that ? Um ... so , like , remember the story of the white lady who lied and said 14-year-old Emmett Till catcalled her , and then their boyfriend tortured and murdered him ? No , not that one either , huh . Well , remember that episode of “ Saved By the Bell ” where Lisa finds out their ancestors were slaves , and Jesse finds out their ancestors were slave traders and then spends the rest of the show being super white guilt-ish and offering to buy Lisa a Coke and stuff ?
Now you 're on board ! Alright , imagine if anytime that Coke was tapped with a spoon , Lisa sunk into a deep , scary space for the sole purpose of taking over their track-running body . ( Honestly , does n't change that show much . )
For The “ I 'm Not Racist , I Have A Black Friend ” White Person
What 's up , dude ? Ah , there 's that weird high five I only see you ever try and give me , ha ha ! Anyways , you know how much you like your one Black friend , right ? No , no , I get it , you do n't really see color , but like what if your homie was in danger , and all of the bad guys kinda looked and acted just like you . CRAZY ! Well , you 'd want your friend to GET OUT of that situation , right ? I mean ... you 're TOTALLY not racist , so hopefully you 'd want to ...
For The “ I 'm A Christian Parent ” White Person
Deuteronomy 32:35 states , “ It is mine to avenge ; I will repay . In due time , their foot will slip ; their day of disaster is near and their doom rushes upon this. ” “ Get Out ” explores history , love and the atonement of sins . From the passage of Romans 12:9 , “ Love must be sincere . Hate what is evil ; cling to what is good . ”
Cling to the good of Chris , hate the wickedness of the Armitage family , and rejoice at our savior Rod .
For The “ But Ben Carson Said… ” White Person
Ben Carson said that slaves were immigrants who came to pursue the American dream , just as Betsy DeVos said that Historically Black Colleges and Universities are “ pioneers of school choice , ” so let 's reframe “ Get Out ” as the concept that an African-American male is granted the opportunity to be a part of something wondrous as they visit a small town to embrace the niceties of white culture , such as alternative therapy , appropriation and awkward conversations at parties .
For The “ Alex Jones Is Always Right ! ” White Person
Yeeeaaahhhh , you probably should just sit this one out , snowflake .
Obama 's meeting with Xi overshadowed by revelations of NSA 's snooping – but deals are made on N Korea and HFCs emissions
The Chinese contrition over cyber-attacks that Washington had hoped for failed to materialise , but historic talks between presidents Obama and Xi Jinping lived up to their billing in other regards with agreement on issues ranging from climate change to North Korea .
Meeting in the baking heat of a Palm Springs country estate , the two leaders broke with protocol for two days of informal talks aimed at creating a new spirit of co-operation between the world 's two economic superpowers .
The common ground they found , however , was not quite what the White House expected as talks on cyber-espionage were overshadowed by revelations of Washington 's own cyberwarfare strategy .
Both leaders discussed the issue for several hours , according to aides , but the best that the US was able to boast afterwards was that Beijing was no longer unaware of the depth of feeling on the subject .
`` It 's quite obvious now that the Chinese senior leadership understand clearly the importance of this issue to the United States , '' said Obama 's national security adviser , Tom Donilon .
Washington stressed that it wished only to discuss `` cyber-enabled economic theft '' – the theft of intellectual by entities based in China of property and other kinds of property in the public and private realm – rather than broader espionage and surveillance activity , but the nuance may have been lost . Xi chastised US media for failing to report equally on attacks made against China .
The two leaders appeared to make progress in other areas , seemingly aware they faced increasingly shared challenges and responsibilities .
Under the climate deal , the US and China – the world 's two biggest emitters of greenhouse gases – said they would work with other countries to reduce the fastest growing source of emissions , the hydrofluorocarbons ( HFCs ) used in air conditioners and refrigerators .
HFCs are an extremely potent class of greenhouse gas – up to 1,000 times more so than carbon dioxide – but they clear out of the atmosphere relatively quickly , in about 10 or 15 years .
That short lifespan means cutting HFCs can deliver almost immediate results , avoiding up to six times as much warming by 2050 as reductions in carbon dioxide .
The White House said on its website that the deal reached on Saturday could potentially reduce the equivalent of some 90 gigatonnes of carbon dioxide by 2050 , or about a year 's worth of current greenhouse gas emissions .
`` Left unabated , HFC emissions growth could grow to nearly 20 % of carbon dioxide emissions by 2050 , a serious climate mitigation concern , '' the White House said .
The potential significance of the co-operation between Washington and Beijing on climate issues could be even broader . China has in the past argued that cutting emissions would compromise its economic growth , while the US typically has countered that it would not act on climate change until China did .
In the case of HFCs , there was already momentum building towards such a deal before Obama and Xi 's meeting . More than 100 countries have shown support for using the Montreal protocol , an agreement reached in 1987 to phase out substances that were depleting the ozone layer , to act on reducing HFCs .
Donilon said the Chinese also reaffirmed their anxiety about nuclear proliferation in North Korea and pledged to work together to encourage regional talks .
`` I think what you have essentially underway here is a shared threat analysis and a shared analysis as to what the implications and impact would be of North Korea pursuing a nuclear weapons programme , '' said Donilon .
Detailed quotes were less forthcoming from the Chinese delegation . Xi 's senior foreign policy adviser , Yang Jiechi , simply said the two leaders `` talked about co-operation and did not shy away from differences '' .
The bonhomie was also punctured by a last-minute decision from the Chinese delegation not to stay with Obama at the historic Sunnylands estate , favouring a downtown hotel – reputedly to minimise the risk of electronic eavesdropping .
Two solar storms are pushing the aurora borealis into southern parts of Canada that rarely get to enjoy the northern light shows in their skies .
Unfortunately for people in Eastern Canada , the current storm peaked before nightfall .
Source of the aurora The solar wind launched by the sun contains clouds of plasma , full of particles that include electrons and positive ions . When they reach the Earth , they interact with the Earth 's magnetic field , exciting oxygen and nitrogen in the Earth 's upper atmosphere . The aurora is usually best seen in the Arctic and Antarctic because that is the location of the poles of the Earth 's magnetic field .
Stargazers `` hopefully anywhere across Canada as far south as the 49th parallel … should be able to catch a glimpse '' Tuesday night , said Johanna Wagstaffe , a meteorologist for CBC News . The shows could stretch as far south as Toronto , they said , but their visibility will depend partly on how clear the sky is .
Normally , the dancing red and green curtains of light can only be seen north of Edmonton in the west and north of James Bay in the east , said Lorne McKee , space weather forecaster for Natural Resources Canada .
However , four coronal mass ejections — bubbles of plasma — were launched by the sun over the weekend , including as many as two headed toward the Earth .
One arrived Tuesday , but as of 3:30 p.m . ET , `` the most significant part of this storm [ was ] past its peak , '' McKee said . `` I do n't think in the southern part of Canada there will be significant aurora . ''
Major storm possible
YOUR VOICE Submit your photos of the aurora borealis .
A second was ejected out the side of the sun on Sunday . The U.S. Space Weather Prediction Center in Boulder , Colo. , said there was a slight chance of a major storm on Wednesday or Thursday . However , due to the angle of the flare 's launch , McKee said it might miss the Earth altogether .
The first coronal mass ejection has had small effect on satellite communications so far , McKee said . It was also measurable on the ground using magnetometers , which means it could also affect pipelines and power systems . McKee added that officials in charge of that infrastructure are constantly monitoring space weather to prepare for possible effects .
According to Space Weather Canada , the Natural Resources Canada service that monitors solar storms , there have been four events similar to Tuesday 's in the past year .
McKee said the sun is now moving from a quiet period in its 11-year solar cycle to a more active phase , when more solar storms can be expected .
A professor of Mass Media at the University of Missouri was seen on a video demanding “ muscle ” to stop reporters from covering the demonstrations on the campus ' quad .
CNN reporter Dylan Byers pointed out on Twitter that Melissa Click , an Assistant Professor was seen telling a camera man to “ get out ” in the video .
“ Hey who wants to help me get this reporter out of here ? ” Click says . “ I need some muscle over here . ”
The incident happens at around 6:17 in this video taken by a man who identifies themselves as a reporter . “ I 'm media , can I talk to you ? ” they ask .
Click holds a PhD in Communication and focuses their research on “ popular culture texts and audiences , particularly texts and audiences disdained in mainstream culture , ” according to their faculty page . Them current research projects include “ 50 Shades of Grey readers ” and “ the impact of social media in fans ' relationship with Lady Gaga . ”
Shortly after the video was posted Click made their Twitter private .
Oddly , just a few days before they were demanding that reporters stop reporting , Click had posted on their Facebook page hoping to get their message “ into the national media . ”
@ JoeWalljasper @ CaitlinSwieca yet a couple days ago they were courting the media ... pic.twitter.com/8uZsQQfv2k — Kevin Hardy ( @ kevinmhardy ) November 10 , 2015
The demonstrations followed a boycott by the university 's football team in reaction to the school 's lack of response to a series of racist incidents on campus . One student went on an eight-day hunger strike , demanding the president to step down .
On Monday , University of Missouri system president Tim Wolfe stepped down , followed quickly by chancellor R. Bowen Loftin .
A group that 's been leading the push for the faculty members to step down , Concerned Student 1950 , have pushed back against reporters covering the demonstrations .
With that in mind pic.twitter.com/2m0g12TGu4 — ConcernedStudent1950 ( @ CS_1950 ) November 10 , 2015
But , as others have pointed out , a hand-painted lawn sign just ca n't trump the First Amendment .
[ Image via YouTube ]
Playing Skyrim in November 2011 felt like joining an expedition into the unknown . We were experiencing strange things for the first time and excitedly sharing them . Rumours abounded . Was there really a headless horseman on the roads around Whiterun at night ? A giant who mourned over their dead mammoth pal ? Hunters bathing in a hot spring in their underwear ?
The joy of discovery dimmed over time , and another kind of joy replaced it . When I play Skyrim now I do it knowing what can happen there . There are mods to enhance these playthroughs in so many ways , but Enderal , a total conversion years in the making , is a different kind of mod . It 's not here to make my Nth new Skyrim adventure better—it 's here to wipe the slate and give me back something like the experience of playing it for the first time . We can be explorers again .
Need to know What is it : A total conversion mod for Skyrim
Reviewed on : Windows 10 , i7 , 8GB RAM , Nvidia GeForce GTX 960
Price : Free if you own Skyrim
Release date : August
Publisher : SureAI
Developer : SureAI
Multiplayer : None
Link : Official site
The other kind of Pathfinding
German modding team SureAI have made a country almost as big as Skyrim filled with new quests , dungeons , monsters , and fully voiced English-speaking NPCs ( some by professional voice actors ) . While the starting area is a traditional green heartland full of bandits , wolves , rats , and spiders eventually I find a dangerous jungle and stranger locations like a town built on platforms suspended above a water-filled cavern , or the Whisperwood with its glowing trees and crystal formations . There are mountains and snow as well but it 's more obviously varied than Skyrim , even if the suddenness of its geographical changes can be jarring .
They 've also tweaked some of Skyrim 's fundamentals . Healing 's not as easy , with health only regenerating out of combat when I eat a hearty meal , and only regenerating in combat when I drink potions . Plus , most of the potions found in dungeons are “ rancid ” and ineffective . Level scaling is gone so I have to pay attention to the difficulty rating of quests , and fast-travel 's been restricted to signposts that take me from one city district to another , giant flying birds for hire , and teleport scrolls to get me back home . It 's almost but not quite a whole new game .
The sun does this a lot . Show-off .
Enderal is a theocracy where citizens worship immortal wizards who set themselves up as gods , and where people are born into castes called Paths . Someone born into the Manufacturer Path is unlikely to ever join the ruling class in the Sublime Path . It 's not a place where someone can be the head of every guild at once , and it does n't have those classic Bethesda faction storylines ( no Dark Brotherhood here , sadly ) . What it does have is a central questline about saving the world that 's a bit Mass Effect ( and I mean that as a compliment ) , surrounded by short sidequests that show off different aspects of the setting . One moment I 'm rescuing someone from a goatman , the next collecting rare eggs by following birds back to their nests or hunting bounties found on a bulletin board .
But before that I have to go through a long tutorial covering my arrival in Enderal as a Pathless foreigner , the kind of traditional fantasy RPG outsider who needs to have the setting explained to them while being mildly discriminated against . The opening gives me a backstory and deposits me on the beach , but then it stops and starts a couple more times before letting me really cut loose , which is when Enderal gets good .
The landscape has plenty of variety , from fields full of flowers to the desolate Powder Desert , all of which it shows off with vistas where the sun edges around an outcrop of jagged stone or a gigantic statue while butterflies or glowbugs dance past . Everything 's been carefully placed by hand for maximum effect , including the enemies . Collectibles like red magic symbols worth experience points and blue Ice Claw mushrooms that give a tiny boost to carrying capacity are scattered about to encourage exploration . They 're better motivation to explore than another bloody Nirnroot , but I already want to look around every corner because it 's just so pretty .
We 're not in Skyrim anymore .
The rules stuff
With no level-scaling in Enderal I need to earn experience points before I 'm tough enough to explore everywhere I want to . The ability to level up is oddly part of the plot , my accelerated learning and ability to quickly master magic signs of a strange fever that accompanies being overtaken by destiny . This makes me instrumental in helping the Holy Order of Keepers figure out why the Red Madness is turning people crazy , what the mysterious Cleansing is all about , who the High Ones are—there 's a lot of Important Capitalization in Enderal , but once I got a handle on it I do start to care about understanding what 's going on .
At the same time I 'm also trying to figure out why I 'm suffering from this arcane fever and having visions . Casting certain spells or staying in magic-rich areas pushes my arcane fever higher , and it has to be managed with medicine called ambrosia . Though I was never in danger of dying from it I did have to think twice before relying on magic , which is an interesting change . I may be a chosen one , but in Enderal being a chosen one is kind of like having a really bad flu .
Time to level up with hallucinatory stones .
Experience points are earned through a traditional system , handed out for completing quests , defeating enemies , crafting new items , and so on rather than Skyrim 's “ learning by doing ” . At each level , trees of perks are ready to be unlocked . But unlike Skyrim 's constellations , here they 're carved into standing stones . It 's a cosmetic change and many of the perks are straight out of Skyrim , but some represent new abilities like being able to shoot fire arrows . Some combine well , and the ability to drop flammable oil obviously syncs up with those fire arrows , but it 's a fussy twist of the existing system and lacks thematic unity . It 's nice to earn magical abilities like the one that freezes enemies or stops time , but others should really be equipment . Fire arrows can be found in Enderal and there are already convenient oil slicks everywhere .
At each level I also gain points to distribute among skills , most of which correlate directly with Skyrim 's . But to spend them I have to buy a book for each point I want to spend , books that evaporate as soon as I read them . Enderal is full of merchants who sell books about pickpocketing and lockpicking for some reason . Almost all of my money goes to these books . When I waste a couple of grand buying and upgrading a house I end up with dozens of unspent points better used on combat skills that might prevent me being murdered by panthers over and over . I see the appeal in having a money-sink but skill books are so essential , and become so much more expensive as skills increase , that buying crafting materials or a house or anything else is a bad idea . It 's a bit too restrictive .
Image 1 of 9 Image 2 of 9 Image 3 of 9 Image 4 of 9 Image 5 of 9 Image 6 of 9 Image 7 of 9 Image 8 of 9 Image 9 of 9
Simply the quest
While we 're talking about restrictions , Enderal 's quest design can be a railroad , making the less linear missions stand out . In one that really works , the mayor of Riverville 's wife is sick but thanks to my visions I realize she 's being haunted , and the only way to cure them is to lay the ghost to rest . I travel to the ghost 's ruined home , experience some more visions , piece together the clues , and learn who the murderer was . More importantly , I learn their motivation and what the consequences of making this story public will be . Then it 's my choice whether to convict them or take their side and cover up what I 've learned .
Here 's an example of the other kind of quest : A merchant has a magical stone I need . Their mansion is private and though there appear to be multiple ways in , only one of them works . They quickly kick me out and I have to sneak back in , this time through one of the other entrances—a locked door I 'm suddenly allowed to pick . This time the guards are on alert so it becomes the kind of stealth section where I fail the instant I cross a guard 's eyeline . It reloads my last save each time , even when I drink an invisibility potion before being spotted . It 's the kind of one-solution slog that enforces playing a specific way instead of embracing what 's fun about open-world RPGs : making your own decisions .
Enderal bounces between these two things , choice-rich freedom immediately followed by stodgy linearity . Mountains or invisible walls funnel me onto paths when I travel , and companions—likeable ones who change their opinion of me based on how I talk to them—refuse to follow if I leave the road . At times it takes control away entirely , walking me to the right spot for a scripted event or unskippable conversation . Once I was teleported to a door as my companions opened it so I could be caught in the same trap .
This rhinosheep is a beast of burden called a 'Leor '
At the end of it all
Still , Enderal 's flaws are minor compared to what it achieves . Even though it 's crashed on me a bunch of times and some of its decisions are frustrating—I 'm not enthusiastic about finding new merchants to buy skill books from and would happily have Skyrim 's leveling back—the 50 hours or so I spent finishing the main quest and various bits of side stuff were plenty enjoyable , and there 's still more left to do . The standard of writing is high , with dialogue that 's chatty and has none of the fusty formality that sometimes plagues translations . The voice-acting 's also far beyond what you expect from a fan project , aided by a couple of professionals like Dave Fennoy ( Lee from The Walking Dead ) making cameos .
What it 's not is a stick to beat Bethesda with . If you 're the kind of dissatisfied Elder Scrolls fan looking for an excuse to say “ Here 's what Skyrim should have been ! ” this is n't it . In fact , Enderal makes me appreciate Skyrim even more for reminding me of that initial burst of discoveries and letting me experience something like it again . Whether it 's a couple of skeletons in strange poses , a collectible in a hard-to-reach spot , a gambler in the tavern , or a buried treasure marked with an X , I keep finding things that remind me I 'm in a world that has n't been catalogued in a wiki yet . Everything feels fresh and each time I crest the top of a hill there 's something different on the far side .
ADVERTISEMENT
Feeding toddlers a steady diet of processed foods could lead to more than just obesity — it could lower their IQs , according to a new study . Researchers at England 's University of Bristol found that a child 's eating habits at age 3 may influence their cognitive abilities at age 8 . Toddler diets high in fat and sugar were associated with lower IQ scores , while healthier eating was tied to higher scores . The report , which appears in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health , is being billed as `` the first study to suggest a direct link between the diet of young children and their brainpower '' years later . Here , a brief guide to the findings :
How was the study conducted ?
The researchers examined data on nearly 4,000 children born in the early 1990s , including detailed information from parents on what the kids ate and drank at specific ages . It also included the results of IQ tests performed when the children were 8.5 years old . The researchers sorted the kids into three categories based on whether they were given a `` processed '' diet full of fat and sugar ; a `` traditional '' diet of `` meat , potatoes , bread and vegetables '' ; or a `` health-conscious '' diet heavy on salad , fruit , rice , and fish . They also rated the kids ' diets on a point scale , `` which ranged from minus two for the most healthy to 10 for the most unhealthy . ''
What exactly did the researchers find ?
At age 8.5 , the kids who 'd been fed the worst diet as toddlers had slightly lower IQs than the kids with the healthiest eating habits . Every one-point increase in the 12-point unhealthy food scale was associated with a 1.67-point drop in IQ . That correlation held even after researchers adjusted the data for other factors like socioeconomic status and parental education . Improving a child 's diet after age 3 did not seem to correlate to a jump in IQ .
Why are the first three years so important ?
That 's when the brain grows as its fastest rate and it is `` possible that good nutrition during this period may encourage optimal brain growth , '' the study says .
How worried should you be ?
`` The kids most affected by this IQ loss were eating predominantly processed foods , '' says Sierra at Strollerderby . `` That means ... a whole diet of stuff that comes in tubes and boxes . '' Parents should give their kids fresh foods as much as possible , the researchers say , but a cookie here and there is n't terrible . `` This does n't mean you should never give your child a fizzy drink , chips , or pizza , but these foods and drinks should n't dominate the diet , '' says Dr. Pauline Emmett , one of the study 's authors .
Sources : Daily Mail , Globe and Mail , Fox News , Time , Telegraph
In a turn for the worse Reddit , once a haven for the free exchange of thoughts and ideas , is now actively profiting from users contributions in a form outside of normal social media practice .
Many of us have heard and come to terms with the saying “ If you 're not paying for it , you 're the product ” . In the social media and search engine world that means we essentially have given up our right to privacy to the websites we use so they can help advertisers use our information to target us with ads . In Google this essentially works by matching the keywords you type into the search engine to high quality ads you might click on , In Facebook it works by showing you ads targeted to things you like or websites you 've visited in the past , and on Reddit until last week it meant seeing a confusing ad on the home page or one targeted to the sub area you 're in .
Last week Reddit changed the rules and took their rights to user submitted content to a previously unthinkable level . They published a book of AMA 's that included users submitted questions and the conversations had between users and celebrities doing the AMA 's . The move was met with a high volume of concern and jest and with good reason . Essentially , for the first time in history , a social media network has not only claimed the rights to user submitted content in mass they are now profiting off it without the direct consent of users for each usage and doing so off of their own website .
The implications are vast for thousands of users on the social networking site . Not just for commenters , but for those that post their own original , unique content to the site in sub-reddits like the following :
/r/Poetry – 47,796 users , ~66,000 unique posts
/r/OCPoetry – 8,404 users , ~26,000 unique posts
/r/WritingPrompts – 4,548,667 users , ~307,000 unique posts
/r/AskReddit – 10,147,215 users , ~13,000,000 unique posts
/r/LifeProTips – 5,612,574 users , ~197,000 unique posts
/r/Travel – 225,557 users , ~242,000 unique posts
As you can see in the above data millions of users have posted millions of unique submissions and comments in just these 5 sub-reddits that encourage original text based content . I reached out to the mods of the above sub-reddits to gauge how they felt about Reddit 's new profit model . The mods of /r/Poetry were against Reddit republishing the original content submitted on their sub , but admitted that they could do little to stop corporate . The mods of /r/WritingPrompts said they would work with Reddit to publish a book only if the original authors were fairly compensated and agreed to the publication . The mods of /r/Travel which encourages unique travel tips seemed to misunderstand the User Agreement ( UA ) and felt that Redditors could simply tell Reddit no to publishing their content ( they ca n't ) , and when they realized this simply stated that users are the product of Reddit but expressed hope that Reddit would rightfully credit the authors . Finally the mods of /r/AskReddit said they had no book plans currently and offered no more comments .
( conversations above can be found in this imgur link with specific reddit mod names redacted for privacy : http : //imgur.com/a/wGyzl )
And what if other social networks followed suit ? Imagine if YouTube claimed ownership of all videos you uploaded and sold them to TV producers , if IMGUR sold a photo album of your memes , or if Instagram printed books of your selfies , if DeviantArt took ownership and printed copies of your artwork , if Twitter took ownership of your photos and vines and sold them on a disc – you would be rightfully outraged that your rights to your content had been violated and you would have no recourse since using the site you gave the website owners the rights to your works . A grand heist of creativity could be just now starting . You could walk into a Hobby Lobby or Target soon and see your creative works sold on display without ever seeing a dime .
How Reddit Can Take Your Copyrights Legally
Reddit changed their User Agreement on December 11th , 2013 which included paragraphs 17 & 18 . These paragraphs read much like those on Facebook , Twitter , Tumblr , Google , Pinterest , Instagram , etc .. and has been argued by social media networks as necessary to sell ads on their website against the content you post . Reddit never made a blog post about the change as seen in their blog 's December 2013 archives , they did , however , claim to be making changes to their self-service advertising system a few months earlier but those changes never materialized and the system is still built in a way that is difficult and ineffective for advertisers to use .
17 – You retain the rights to your copyrighted content or information that you submit to reddit ( “ User Content ” ) except as described below . 18 – By submitting User Content to reddit , you grant us a royalty-free , perpetual , irrevocable , non-exclusive , unrestricted , worldwide license to reproduce , prepare derivative works , distribute copies , perform , or publicly display your User Content in any medium and for any purpose , including commercial purposes , and to authorize others to do so .
To their credit Reddit has promoted user content in the past to help it get visibility off of the site and co-founder Alexas Ohanian stated that in the long-term users will profit from their works . My response is included in the following Twitter conversation , but I 'll repeat it here . That 's a nice platitude , but offers nothing concrete to users . Reddit can and has now proven that they WILL take your content without your consent and assert their rights to ownership over it in order for them to increase profits . Post your creative work to Reddit at your own risk and be warned that the frontpage of the internet might just take ownership rights if and when it suits them .
Suggestions for Changes
I have no problems with Reddit wanting to make a profit , after all I 'm in business for the same reasons . Here 's how they could accomplish their goals while protecting users rights to content .
A DECISION on what Nissan will choose as its future Supercars weapon has taken a twist with the Altima model set to become obsolete in Australia .
The Japanese manufacturer has opted not to import any more examples of the four-door sedan into Australia once the remaining stocks of the existing Altima are sold .
“ The reason relates to the investment required to update the Australian-market Altima 's engines to meet the new Euro 5 emissions standard in Australia , ” Peter Fadeyev , general manager for corporate communications at Nissan Australia , told caradvice.com.au .
LIVE stream the next FIVE Supercars rounds exclusively on FOX SPORTS . Get your free 2-week FOXTEL PLAY trial and start watching in minutes . SIGN UP NOW >
“ Nissan has decided to not make this investment , so , for now , the Altima wo n't be in our new-vehicle catalogue in the future . As a result , production of the Altima sedan will stop for Australia . ”
A replacement for the Altima bodystyle — the absence of which leaves no sedan in the current Nissan range — will be announced in the future .
What that means for Nissan Motorsport , who has raced the Altima body since its return to the championship in 2013 , remains to be seen .
Nissan is committed to the sport until the end of 2018 . With the new Gen2 rules package allowing the team to explore non-V8 and non-four door sedan options , Nissan 's local operations are working with the company 's performance and racing arm NISMO on a package for the championship 's new era .
The Altima has been Nissan 's Supercars weapon since 2013 . Source : Supplied
Richard Emery , Nissan Australia CEO , last month said the company was hoping to lock down a plan by the middle of this year .
“ On the engine program there has been , not serious work done , but a lot of information flow between Kellys and Nismo on what would be needed , ” Emery told Supercars.com .
“ We have a base with the GT3 engine so we 're not starting from scratch , we 're just taking one engine and turning it into a Supercar engine which is easier than what others are doing .
“ We have n't forced the discussion about fitting ( the Nissan GT-R body ) around the frame because we have n't got near to a position where the GT-R is an option .
“ At the moment I 'd be sticking with a traditional sedan and I think Nismo would like us to stick with that too . GT-R they see as a GT racing car and that 's where they 'd like to see it stay . ”
Nissan Motorsport has been contacted for comment .
Bullclip makes digital markups and collaboration on Windows 10 PCs incredibly easy By Avi Negrin / Surface Product Marketing Manager Share Share Skype
We 're excited to welcome Bullclip , a design and construction drawing markup/management tool that opens new ways for project teams to collaborate , to the Windows Store . Bullclip is built for Windows 10 , which means it goes wherever you want it to on any Windows 10 PC , including Surface Hub , and is designed to take advantage of the powerful inking and multi-touch capabilities of Windows 10 perfected with Surface . The app is available now as a free download in the Windows Store .
Bullclip provides a single platform on a versatile device for team communication , drawing markup and document storage , making it the easiest and most natural step into entirely digital drawing management . It brings together the best of working on paper with the best of working digitally to create an experience that simplifies document management and fits in with your workflows .
Let 's take a look at some of the ways you can use Bullclip :
Markup your designs using Windows Ink
Choose from a wide array of customizable tools in the Windows 10 app , including pressure-sensitive ink , shapes , text and much more coming soon .
Differentiated markup layering
Filter and toggle public layer markups by team member – no more confusion . With differentiated markup layers , you can easily keep track of who made what changes across numerous revisions to eliminate version control issues .
Annotate in real time with live revisions
Now , you can easily annotate documents with Surface Pen , and share markups in real time to get feedback from the whole team instantly . Stay up-to-date on the latest revisions with live annotation syncing and automatic drawing versioning .
Mark up in the Windows 10 app , manage online
Easily manage your Bullclip project and use the web canvas at app.bullclip.com .
Designed for everyone across a project , from Project Managers to Site Workers , you can access the full version of Bullclip whether you are on-site or at a desk . Paired with a light and powerful Surface , you can contribute from anywhere – even when you 're not connected to the internal network .
Download and register now for a 30-day free trial * of Bullclip on your Surface today , available exclusively in the Windows Store . It 's another great example of how Surface Pen will make you , and your team , more productive .
* Early access registration of Bullclip is $ 35 per user , per month
Updated November 22 , 2016 11:11 am
About
Zen Steps was designed with sustainability in mind to bring together different people and ideas into one project .
Its part of the idea that by taking control over the most simple aspects of your daily life ( such as drinking water ) we can all lead more fulfilling and rewarding lives .
Dave Catudal , revered celebrity fitness trainer outlines the importance of being properly hydrated in a regulated way throughout the day below .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Zen Steps : Water brings together almost 12 months of product design and prototyping . We have also been working with a select range of really fantastic craftsmen and artists to create this unique , renewable , zen charged product that will impact positively on your life .
Each bamboo cradle is individually crafted by hand and holds 8 bamboo bottles ( equivalent in total to 2 litres ) . The cradles are specially designed to hold your bottles safely on your desk whether at home or in the office and form a protective carrier for the outer case and scroll .
Zen Steps fits together seamlessly with the bottles and cradles being encased in a beautiful bamboo protector that when unfolded can also be hung on your wall showcasing a truly unique Zen Steps inspired piece of art .
If you wish to have your own personalised painting on the outside of the bamboo protector see our Zen Steps Plus pledge . We are offering 20 custom hand painted individual bamboo protectors .
Commissioned by a ( now ) close friend and brilliant artist Hong Qiao Choi ( known to us as Andy ) , the painting captures the meaningfulness of having Zen in our lives . The characters painted in the traditional style when read mean spring is coming , which when translated means
`` Change is always bringing about good things . ''
The use of the three colours in the paint . Red , Gold and Blue represent the connection between the Earth ( red ) , the Sun ( gold ) and Water ( blue ) .
Each bottle is made from hard wearing borosilicate glass , with a Bamboo lid .
Glass is one of the earth 's most naturally occurring resources and works perfectly as a recepticle for holding water . material works fantastically holding water as it leaves no chemical or residue that could be potentially harmful to us . Furthermore it is 100 % recyclable and can be re-melted and re- made into new bottles over and over again without deterioration in quality .
Bamboo is the fastest growing grass in the world and grows in a wide variety of conditions . It is stronger than steel and has a minimal impact on nutrient levels in soil , making it a fantastic choice to use as our lid .
In Chinese Zen culture the number 8 is widely revered as it echoes with good fortune and positivity . We have carefully chosen 8 Chinese characters to be printed on each bottle to represent the foundations of leading a fulfilling and successful life .
They are :
Happiness , Longevity , Fate , Stability , Wealth , Knowledge , Family , Vitality
Finally on the inner of the bamboo lid is a recycled plastic cap to ensure that the bottle stays sealed . We have chosen to use recycled plastic to try and minimise the effect on the environment .
We have visited all the suppliers producing these materials for us to ensure that standards and quality of production are met and adhered to .
As product designers with ethical manufacturing at the fore front we promise to use only the best materials .
With our vast experience in handling large scale manufacturing operations we are able to manage moving this project from prototyping to production and to be able to correctly solve issues that present themselves along the way . As members of the kickstarter community we promise to keep you informed and up to date of any developments that may occur and to deliver this product without compromising on the quality .
Should you have any questions or queries feel free to reach out to us to ask us . We are more than happy to answer any questions you may have .
We have chosen Kickstarter because it allows us to connect with like minded individuals and deliver great ideas and products directly to the end user . With our skillset in manufacturing and product design we are able to move seamlessly from prototypes to production whilst minimising the risk of things going wrong . Kickstarter is a great platform to do this and to communicate quickly with our backers . Finally through kickstarter we hope to engage with and involve all of you in what we are doing , how we are doing it so you too can enjoy the experience and excitement of bringing ideas to life .
We are three individuals with very different applicable skill sets . Tom has a solid background in marketing and video production , Max in video production and product design . Rick has experience in both product design and large scale manufacturing .
Amid growing federal threats , Californian undocumented residents are now more protected under a recently passed senate bill signed by Gov . Jerry Brown on Thursday .
Senate Bill 54 changes laws regarding how local and state police can interact with Immigration and Customs Enforcement , or ICE , officers . The bill calls upon all public organizations in the state , including the University of California , to adopt the policies outlined in the bill .
Although many people have said SB 54 makes California the first sanctuary state , California State Senate President pro Tempore Kevin de León , D-Los Angeles , who introduced the bill to the Senate , said in a press release that the bill will not provide full sanctuary . They added that while this bill will not stop ICE officers from coming to California , it will make the enforcement of federal immigration laws more difficult within the state .
“ The California Values Act wo n't stop ICE from trolling our streets — it will not provide full sanctuary — but it will put a kink in Trump 's perverse and inhumane deportation machine , ” de León said in their press release . “ California is building a wall of justice against President Trump 's xenophobic , racist and ignorant immigration policies . ”
But Berkeley City Councilmember Kriss Worthington said this bill is less likely to impact Berkeley compared to other cities because Berkeley is already a sanctuary city .
“ Berkeley has adopted stances … for many , many years , ” Worthington said . “ I do n't think this will make a big impact on Berkeley or the Bay Area so much , but I think it gives all the cities like us that were trying to reduce the … impacts of ICE … state support for what we 've been trying to do . ”
Worthington also said they thought the bill 's contents were weakened throughout the legislative process in order to gain support from the governor . They cited the list of exceptions for immigrants with previous felony convictions that would prevent them from being protected from ICE officers , which was later added to the original bill .
The exemption extends from individuals with misdemeanor charges to those who have committed violent felonies and lists other felonies such as torture , slavery or driving under the influence .
Brown said in their signing message for SB 54 that the bill does not stop federal agents from enforcing federal immigration policies .
“ This bill does not prevent or prohibit ( ICE ) or the Department of Homeland Security from doing their own work in any way , ” Brown said in the signing message . “ They are free to use their own considerable resources to enforce federal immigration law in California . ”
Campus spokesperson Janet Gilmore said the UC Office of the President typically handles how state legislation affects the university .
According to UC spokesperson Stephanie Beechem , the university has not taken an official stance on SB 54 . They said , however , that the UC will continue to support and protect undocumented students on all UC campuses , citing a Sept. 12 letter from UC President Janet Napolitano and all the UC chancellors released in light of the repeal of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , or DACA .
“ UC is focused right now on providing the most robust support possible to Dreamers and undocumented members of the UC community , ” Beechem said in an email .
Contact Sakura Cannestra at [ email protected ] and follow them on Twitter at @ SakuCannestra .
The U.S. wireless industry has heated up in recent months with an unexpected war over unlimited data plans and an accelerated race to 5G . But things are likely to get even more eventful in the second half of 2017 and beyond due to a potential flurry of mergers and acquisitions on the horizon .
The FCC 's ongoing incentive auction of 600 MHz has dampened M & A activity due to its anti-collusion rules , which prevent the discussion of deals by wireless companies and broadcasters that could influence bidding in the auction . Those rules will be lifted in the next several weeks , though , enabling carriers to reengage in talks among themselves and with companies looking to break into the mobile market .
Even more important , though , was the election of Donald Trump in the midst of the auction . While it 's too early to know exactly how regulatory agencies might react to any specific deal , analysts and executives generally agree that they 'll demonstrate a far lighter regulatory touch under Trump than they did under Barack Obama .
Mobile World Congress 2019 Attend the 2-Day Executive 5G Panel Series FierceWireless is returning to Barcelona , Spain , during Mobile World Congress 2019 with a two-day Executive 5G Panel Series at the Fira Congress Hotel , conveniently located across the street from the MWC Convention Center . The panel events will take place on Feb. 25-26 and will cover 5G and The Fixed Wireless Access Opportunity , Taking 5G Indoors , and Making 5G Ubiquitous . Attendees will have the opportunity to network and hear from 5G leaders including Verizon , Vodafone , Orange , Sprint , NTT Docomo , Boingo Wireless , Qualcomm , and more over the course of two days .
Secure your spot at the event today ! Now is your chance to join fellow industry professionals for networking and education . Registration information and the schedule can be found on the website here . Register today
That 's important , of course , because it was the feds that essentially blocked SoftBank 's effort to acquire T-Mobile a few years ago . The Japanese behemoth spent more than $ 20 billion to acquire Sprint in 2012 and had hoped to pick up T-Mobile as well , merging the carriers to take on Verizon and AT & T . But the plan was dropped after U.S. regulators indicated they opposed the deal .
Shares of both T-Mobile and Sprint climbed late last year on renewed speculation that a tie-up between the carriers could still be in the offing . And they continued to rise after Trump announced earlier this week that SoftBank will invest $ 50 billion in the U.S. in an effort to create 50,000 jobs .
‘ The possibilities appear endless '
A marriage of T-Mobile and Sprint still faces significant challenges , however : T-Mobile has become much more valuable in the last few years as its business has thrived , and Sprint 's precarious financial position may forestall any deal . Meanwhile , much of Sprint 's value lies in its spectrum holdings rather than its actual wireless business , further complicating any tie-up scenario .
But there 's no shortage of other potential deals in the coming months , according to Matthew Niknam , a research analyst with Deutsche Bank .
“ M & A : The possibilities appear endless , ” Niknam wrote recently in a research note analyzing the firm 's recent media and technology conference . “ We expect anti-collusion rules associated with the broadcast spectrum auctions to be lifted by mid-April . Ahead of this , and given potential for a more business-friendly tilt at the DOJ and FCC , the topic of M & A was front and center in our sessions and investor discussions . Regarding potential intra-wireless M & A , Sprint noted it competes with 14-15 ‘ platforms ' ( framing cable/wireline/other peers as competitors ) , and implying less concentration risk in an intra-industry deal where four players consolidate to three . ”
Indeed , while anti-competition concerns spiked SoftBank 's pursuit of T-Mobile—and AT & T 's attempt to acquire T-Mobile before that—those hurdles may be easier to surmount as newcomers enter the space . Comcast and Charter have made no secret of their plans to move into wireless , while Dish Network and Ligado Networks are looking to put their spectrum to use by building IoT-focused networks . And a small handful of potentially disruptive startups like Starry hope to deliver wireless services directly to users ' homes . “ Convergence was another key theme , ” Niknam wrote , “ with companies ( i.e . : Sprint , T-Mobile ) and many investors discussing the potential for this ( Verizon/Charter , for example ) on the road to 5G . ”
Consolidation may not lead to decreased competition
So while consolidation of the U.S. wireless market from four to three major players could theoretically lead to lessened competition—and perhaps higher prices for services—the industry is likely to grow more competitive in the next few years . Similarly , increased M & A activity could actually benefit tower companies that have expanded beyond traditional towers .
Investors have been fearful that a merger of wireless carriers could result in less demand for the macrocells that serve as the underpinning of cellular networks .
“ While the four wireless carriers have seen Trump-related strength , the towers have been hit by concerns over rising interest rates and even more so by concerns over the potential merger of Sprint/T-Mobile , ” analysts at Cowen and Company wrote in January . “ At the same time the sector also continues to be dogged by concerns regarding ongoing carrier pushback on pricing , historically low domestic leasing , and company-specific situations ( ex : acquired network churn at SBA Communications ) . ”
Tower companies may be able to counter any consolidation by pursuing other kinds of infrastructure , though . Fiber assets and small cells paid big dividends in the fourth quarter for Crown Castle , for instance , as the company grew its revenue 9 % year over year to $ 10.3 billion . The small cell market will continue to get legs as the industry continues to address problems regarding siting and deployment processes , and commercial deployments of fixed wireless services over the next two years may also provide new opportunities for tower companies and other vendors .
The recent price wars over unlimited data plans provide evidence that the U.S. wireless industry is more competitive than ever . Even if the market consolidates , though , the emergence of new players , technologies and services is likely to help preserve that competitive environment . That would be good news for consumers , of course , but it also could buoy a shaky tower market in advance of full-on 5G rollouts.—Colin | @ colin_gibbs
This week , a group of about 100 physicists and philosophers have gathered in Munich to reassess a question at the heart of science : “ Why trust a theory ? ” In an opinion piece by George Ellis and Joe Silk , published in Nature earlier this year , the two physicists expressed worry about current developments in some areas of theoretical physics . In particular , they were concerned with untestable attempts to address the fundamental questions concerning space , time and matter . Their article gave rise to the idea of the current meeting .
An increasing number of physicists , Ellis and Silk observed , have become strongly convinced of the viability of theories that have no empirical confirmation . This trend is most pronounced in the quest for a theory of quantum gravity – notably string theory – and in cosmology where theories for the early universe give rise to a multiverse . Why , they ask , do scientists trust theories that have not been experimentally tested ? Worse , in some cases , these theories can not even been tested in principle . Is this still science ?
Philosopher Richard Dawid , one of the organizers of the Munich meeting , has observed the same development and , in their book “ String theory and the scientific method ” argued that string theorists in particular use a method of “ non-empirical theory confirmation. ” This method is used during the development of a theory and is based on collecting indications which increase the physicists ' confidence that a theory describes nature . These indications are , for example , the amount ( or absence of ) alternative solutions to a problem , the degree by which a theory is connected to already confirmed theories , and the amount of unexpected insights that the theories give rise to .
While Dawid focused on string theory , non-empirical theory confirmation is used and has been used in theoretical physics for a long time . What was missing so far is a legitimate philosophical underpinning . Dawid 's arguments provided such an underpinning . String theorists , needless to say , were delighted to now have philosophical support for their procedures , but not everyone was pleased to see the scientific method being watered down . This is what prompted Ellis and Silk to “ defend the integrity of physics. ” The topic of the present workshop is the following question : under which circumstances , if any at all , are non-empirical theory confirmation a justified procedure ?
It is a pressing and timely question . As physics has matured , experimental test of new , more fundamental theories have become increasingly difficult . Many existing theories are so difficult to test that they are widely believed to be untestable in the foreseeable future . The methods from the past are not working any more . “ We are in a different era of science , ” says Nobel Laureate David Gross .
Gross attends the workshop to find a good strategy to continue . In particular , they are worried about the popularity of the multiverse idea , the conjecture that our universe is just one of infinitely many , each of which has different laws of physics . “ I was hoping I could provoke philosophers to play a role in the discussion about the multiverse which I have qualms about , ” says Gross about their motivations to attend the workshop , “ Is there a danger ? Is it kosher to talk about the multiverse ? ”
Gross 's talk launched the workshop by giving the latest update on the status of string theory , followed by Carlo Rovelli , who works on a rival program : Loop Quantum Gravity . Gross made a case that string theory is without good alternatives and that all physics known today fits in with the idea , making it a promising route to continue . Rovelli argued against it , saying that string theory has been a failure , and that the no-alternative argument is unfounded because hundreds of people work on alternatives . Instead , Rovelli indicated , the popularity of string theory has sociological reasons . They complain that the promise of Loop Quantum Gravity is not being objectively assessed . This in return offended Gross , who insisted that Loop Quantum Gravity had been evaluated decades ago , but was not considered a good approach by many .
The question of whether a scientific theory 's assessment is influenced by sociological factors is one of the running themes in this workshop . Dawid 's argument that non-empirical theory assessment captures correctly the probability of a theory being correct relies on the objective judgement of scientists . But it is an idealization , much like the idealization in contemporary economics that consumers are perfectly rational and have full information . It is not a realistic assumption , that much is clear . What is not clear though is how relevant sociological factors are .
Another concern that repeatedly resurfaces is the perception of the wider public . Philosopher Massimo Pigliucci asks whether we might be headed for a new science war that could negatively affect trust in science . “ This debate , ” they remind the audience “ is being held publicly , ” and they add that they are livetweeting .
As Richard Dawid points out , part of the concern about the public perception is an issue of terminology . When they speak of theory confirmation , they assure us , they mean a gradual increase of confidence , not an ultimate confirmation . Rovelli , however , finds the word “ too loaded. ” They would prefer a more careful term like “ non-empirical theory assessment. ” Part of the blame , says Slava Mukhanov , goes to science journalists who regularity crunch out “ news ” about highly speculative topics . The average reader is not able to infer from the popular science media just how controversial many of the ideas are .
The workshop continues in a lively manner . Gordon Kane makes a case that string theory makes predictions , claiming that , as shown by work from their group , it correctly predicted the observed value of the Higgs mass . That is too exaggerated a claim even for David Gross , who interrupts to add context : “ This is not widely accepted. ” Gia Dvali is not that polite . “ I bet you dinner , I can show it 's wrong , ” Dvali throws at Kane . “ Read the paper , ” says Kane . “ I do n't have to read the paper , I know it 's wrong , ” counters Dvali . A philosopher in the audience complains they want to hear the rest of the talk . “ This , ” explains Gross to the philosopher , “ is part of what we call the scientific method . ”
As the discussion continues , philosopher Chris Wüthrich bemoans the “ moving goalpost problem. ” If predictions of a theory , like the appearance of supersymmetric particles , are continuously adapted to new data ( of non-discovery , for instance ) that makes it in practice impossible to test a theory . “ [ The ] reason for a lot of the skepticism is , 'how do we address this ? ' How do we make meaningful testing possible in the face of such flexibility ? ” The audience has no answer .
Closest to an answer might come the talk by philosopher Radin Dardashti . If physicists have to rely on non-empirical theory assessment , this requires that they pay more attention to clearly spelling out their assumptions . They argue : “ There are always constraints so that there are no alternatives. ” When assumptions are not fully disclosed this brings the risk that alternatives are prematurely discarded , Dardashti concludes .
In my talk on the final day of the meeting , I argued that indeed physicists do in practice use undisclosed assumptions : aesthetic judgements that they use to select among approaches . Philosopher Elena Castellani recounts the history of string theory : “ The theory was regarded as so beautiful and had such a compelling mathematical structure , obtained in agreement with consistency conditions and deep physical principles , that the intuition was that it had to be somehow related to the physical world. ” But why should beauty be a valid criterion for assessment ? The problem is highlighted by historian Helge Kragh who speaks about theories once considered beautiful but now considered wrong : the steady state universe , vortex theory , SU ( 5 ) grand unification .
For a workshop whose task is to evaluate the question of whether there are alternatives to string theory , the alternatives are underrepresented among the participants . While several string theorists are speaking , there is , besides Rovelli , nobody here speaking about other research approaches to quantum gravity ; the most glaring omission is asymptotically safe gravity . There are also many multiverse skeptics present at the workshop , but few proponents of the idea .
String theorist Joe Polchinski , who meant to present their arguments in favor of the multiverse , unfortunately canceled their participation on short notice . Their talk was instead presented by David Gross , and a writeup is now available on the arxiv . Gross themselves does not like the multiverse idea , but they think it is good practice to present a point of view opposite of one 's own . Impersonating Polchinski , Gross argues that the probability that we live in a multiverse is 94 % . The audience laughs . “ It 's interesting , ” insists Gross , not very convincingly . In their role of representing Polchinski , Gross strongly opposes the idea that string theorists work on string theory for sociological reasons .
Rovelli feels that the defensive tone of the talks at the workshop is misdirected : “ Nobody doubts that string theory is interesting , ” they say . But Gross has their worries : “ The public is confused because there are a host of people who write blogs or books who attack string theory. ” As one of the few bloggers who regularity writes about quantum gravity , this remark offends me . The reality is that the biggest task of science bloggers – like Peter Woit , Ethan Siegel and myself – has become to clean up after sloppy science journalism . Hype is a real problem . But it 's not the bloggers who are to blame for this .
The Munich workshop has put a spotlight on the worries of many physicists who work on foundational questions . It is an overdue debate , but the strategy that Gross was hoping for has not emerged . Instead , it has become clear that physicists and philosophers likewise are only just beginning to understand the problem ; how to proceed when empirical confirmation is exceedingly remote is a question in need of further investigation . It seems likely that similar workshops will have to follow . For Slava Mukhanov however , the situation is clear : “ Basing everything on experiment alone is wrong . Detaching everything from experiment is also wrong . The truth is somewhere in between . ”
Massimo Pigliucci has also been writing up their experiences at this workshop ; you can read parts I , II and III here .
By Brian Heiler and Rob Bricken
The 1980s were a magical time . Leg warmers came into fashion , a young Markie Post stole our hearts on Night Court [ or in some cases , Richard Moll . -Rob ] and in the toy world , everybody was putting down their laser blasters and now embracing the sword . With science fiction flicks getting swept under the rug by the sudden popularity of fantasy movies , everybody on the toy aisle seemed to wearing a loincloth in the 1980s . Here are the 10 most fantastic fantasy toylines from that decade .
10 ) Visionaries
Hasbro ? s offering in the fantasy realm had a unique claim to fame in that each figure had a hologram on their chest which displayed their power ( hey , it was pretty special back in the '80s ) . These powers were all animals , which the Visionaries could transform into , having been granted the power by the wizard Merklynn ? a stupid name , but no more so than making the main villain 's animal totem be a mollusk . The resulting toyline was nicely designed , but the whole fantasy juggernaut had run out of steam by 1987 , and the Visionaries were cut from Hasbro ? s roster after only one wave and a 13 episodes cartoon .
9 ) Sectaurs
Coleco ? s kick at the can in the fantasy world was a novel concept , taking place on the planet Symbion , where insects evolved into the dominant species . As is so often the case , one set of bugs was good , and one was evil . Specifically , the heroic Prince Dargon uses their giant bugs to try to stop the evil Empress Devora and their giant bugs , from taking control of the Hyves for some reason or another . All the humans on Symbion had insect-like features and powers ? because evolution tend to rub off ? but the figures were just okay ; what made Sectaurs cool were the giant bug/vehicles , which were actually hand-puppets . Sectaurs only lasted one wave , but their hideous giant bug toys will live in our memories forever .
8 ) Crystar
Marvel Comics wanted in on the fantasy toy/cartoon love , and decided to make Crystar . While they had several amazing writers and artists on staff , for some reason , only the Marvel marketing department was involved in dreaming up the franchise . They ended up with the brothers Crystar and Moltar who allied with wizard of Order and Chaos , respectively , and were turned into crystal and molten lava , also respectively ( and very fortunately , as it would have seriously been awkward if Crystar was lava and Moltar crystal . very confusing ) . Having been handed this assignment , the Marvel guys tried to flesh it out as best they could , but Remco 's toyline came out before the comic and despite a nice Tron vibe to them , did n't go very far . The comic was mercifully killed after an inexpilcable guest appearance by Alpha Flight .
7 ) Dragonriders of the Styx
Dragonriders of the Styx were a virtually unknown series of 3 ? -inch style figures from DFC with fun little fantasy themes . There was little no backstory , and none needed ? there were simply good guys , bad guys and dragons for them to ride . Bliss ! The figures were well-articulated , and included ogres , demons , warriors , knights , wizards ( with requisite pointy hats ) and crazy dragons , demons and assorted fantasy creatures to fly around on . It was the closest thing folks had to a Lord of the Rings toyline for more than 15 years .
6 ) Manglors
You probably do n't remember Manglors unless you were one of the few kids who had 'em . These monsters were made of some amazing stretchy rubber that not only allowed you to wad the figures into a ball , tie them into knots , or twist them until you thought they 'd surely rip apart…and return right back into their original form . But the amazing part was that even if you did rip a limb or head off , you could put it back on . Seriously . It stayed . I do n't know why the government did n't seize the technology from Ideal Toys , because it was amazing . Alas , the downside of the material is that it smelled horrible and was sticky , so if you dropped it once , it was covered in carper fiber and doghair , then and forever . FYI , IKen Kelly ( who did the artwork for the good KISS albums ) did the fantasy art packaging , which anyone would be proud to have on the side of your van .
—-
5 ) Lost World of the Warlord
Based on the cool DC comic series , Remco ( who was obsessively mining DC ? s B-list titles during this time ) created a line to stand next to He-Man , and hopefully trick lazy parents and slow children that they were also Masters of the Universe . The figures had the same bulked-up , squat bodies of MotU figures , but without the cool action features . Their claim to fame was including other DC characters such as Hercules , Deimos , Machiste and Arak , which resulted in poor sales . That should be of no surprise , most of these guys starred in comics you could get your letter printed in , guaranteed . Sadly , Remco announced the addition of Thundarr the Barbarian to this line in 1984 , only to shelve the release .
4 ) BlackStar
Filmation launched the Blackstar cartoon in 1981 but it wasn ? t until the success of Masters of the Universe did Galoob spawn a series of figures . Blackstar was almost seems like an early version of MOTU , it being the story of an astronaut trapped on the planet Sagar ( full of sorcerers and Amazons and priestesses , natch ) who possesses a mystical sword . Galoob put a king-sized effort into the line , including figures that sparked which shockingly failed to capsize MOTU . It ? s such a nice line that you can forgive the copyright infringing and vomit-inducing ? Trobbits ? .
3 ) The Other World
Arco released this fun little line of bendable figures with little to no fanfare throughout the early to mid-'80s , mostly to bargain stores . Despite their lack of an animated series or a comic book , the Other World figures made up for it with an amazing amount of characters , all of which were fun and imaginatively designed . Other World is highly collectible today as a result .
2 ) Advanced Dungeons & Dragons
LJN took the big plunge and went after the Gygax estate with this great line of toys . While some of the characters made appearances on the animated series , the two were largely unrelated . Which is really too bad , as the figures are well-made with a colorful cast of cool characters , running the AD & D gamut ? warriors , fighters , dwarves , mages , rangers , clerics , elves , orcs , etc . And that 's not to mention the many monsters and playsets , especially the Fortress of Fangs , with its plethora of traps including a spiked wall . It ? s likely the lines sales might have been hurt by having a name tied to something the religious right were so certain caused satanism . Thank goodness we live in more enlightened time and don ? t have people protesting books featuring fictitious wizards today .
1 ) Masters of the Universe
The chairperson of the board when it came to loincloth heroes , the success of Masters of the Universe is the reason there are nine other figure lines to even add to this list . Although they mixed their sorcery with science fiction , MOTU originated at Mattel when the concept of licensing the movie ? Conan ? was brought up . The idea was rejected when they decided that toys based on an R Movie wouldn ? t fly ( kind of funny when you visit any Toys R Us now ) and Mattel chose to make their own homegrown hero . The toyline worked partially because of its insanely varied and highly imaginative cast of characters ? the buff He-Man , skull-faced Skeletor , half-cyborg ( maybe ? ) Trap-Jaw , birdman Stratos , etc . ? and also because all figures has its own unique action feature , from firing caps to internal gears to spraying water to punching . Never before and never again has a pageboy haircut so rocked the world .
Figures . Saudi Prince Who Bashed Donald Trump Is Big Clinton Foundation Donor – Enjoys Dwarf Tossing
On Friday Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal slammed Donald Trump for proposing a ban on Muslim immigrants in the US until the government could alleviate security concerns .
Prince Alwaleed called Donald Trump a “ disgrace ” for their popular plan .
. @ realDonaldTrump You are a disgrace not only to the GOP but to all America . Withdraw from the U.S presidential race as you will never win . — الوليد بن طلال ( @ Alwaleed_Talal ) December 11 , 2015
On Sunday Donald Trump responded to attacks .
`` @ Michael2014abc : @ Alwaleed_Talal @ realDonaldTrump Has your country , Saudi Arabia , taken ANY of the Syrian refugees ? If not , why not ? '' — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 13 , 2015
Trump is right .
Saudi Arabia has banned Syrian immigrants from its country due to security concerns .
* * It should be noted that Prince Alwaleed bin Talal is a top Clinton Foundation donor .
Campus Watch reported :
Some are upset that the Clinton Foundation accepted donations from Middle Eastern countries with terrible records on women 's rights . In “ Hillary Clinton Faces Test of Record as Women 's Advocate , ” the New York Times writes : Saudi Arabia has been a particularly generous benefactor to the Clinton Foundation , giving at least $ 10 million since 2001 , according to foundation disclosures . At least $ 1 million more was donated by Friends of Saudi Arabia , co-founded by a Saudi Prince .
The Saudi Prince also enjoys dwarf tossing at their desert encampments .
It was at around 1pm today 31 May , that Their Lordship Jean Marie Benoit Balla 's car was found by the Ebebda river bridge .
The Senior Divisional Officer of Mbam and Inoubou , Tchoffo Maurice explains that , a priest of that locality was the one who saw and recognised the Bishop 's car by 1pm before calling their attention even though the Shepard of the Bafia diocesan religious flock had gone missing since morning .
When people learnt about the incident , they went there to see for themselves what had happened . Unfortunately for the blood bubbling population , their presence at the scene rather added their confusion as they did n't understand if the Bishop was dead or not .
The reason for the confusion is a piece of paper that was seen in the car , on which was written `` I 'm in the water '' , insinuating that Bishop Benoit had jumped into the water .
It 's still not clear if the man of God is dead or not . Even if they were dead , it will still not be clear if they commited suicide or not . So investigations are going on to really know what happened .
48-year old Bishop Jean Marie has been the Bishop of Bafia since 2003 .
Controlled aggression is the most effective way to win a tennis match .
There are three main ways that tennis players attempt to defeat their opponents .
Wait for opponent 's error Go for winners Controlled aggression
What is Controlled Aggression ?
Controlled aggression means taking control of points by playing high-percentage tennis .
This style of tennis differentiates itself from waiting for an opponent 's errors ( aka “ pushers ” ) because the player dictates points as opposed to playing reactive tennis .
Controlled aggression is also different from going for winners because the player plays higher-percentage tennis and uses optimal shot selection .
What Are the Benefits ?
There are several benefits to playing with controlled aggression .
Tire out your opponent
If you play a pusher-style of tennis , you do all the running . And if you keep trying to hit winners , your opponent wo n't be tired because the points will be short . But if you play high-percentage tennis and dictate the point , your opponent will be on the defense and have to scramble all over the court . This requires a high-level of fitness that will eventually leave your opponent out of breath and exhausted .
Force your opponent to come up with difficult shots
Using controlled aggression puts your opponent in uncomfortable situations . If you can execute this method , your opponent will have to hit multiple shots on the run and in tough positions . Conversely , you will receive weaker replies which means hitting easier shots . By sing controlled aggression , you will break down everyone except the most elite players who can produce quality shots from sub-optimal positions on the court .
Fewer errors because of high-percentage play
Controlled aggression is optimal because the player uses intelligent and high-percentage shot selection . For example , instead of going for winners when out of position , the player will utilize deep crosscourt groundstrokes to re-establish neutrality and eventually take control of the point . By dictating play with smart shot selection , the player will break down the opponent .
Confidence
Here is a simple question : Does it feel better to make your opponent run around the court , or have the opponent run you around like a rag doll ? When you take control of a point , it shows your ability to play better than your opponent and is important for your confidence . It is much more enjoyable to win a match by taking control of points with high-percentage play . Proactive is better than reactive .
How Do I Play With Controlled Aggression ?
The key to controlled-aggression is having a weapon . You need to develop at least one stroke that can consistently hurt your opponent . You need the ability to vary the direction , speed , depth , and spin of this stroke to increase your effectiveness when playing with controlled aggression .
Next , you need to take control of points with your weapons , whether it be a big serve , deep forehand , heavy groundstroke , or sharp-angled volley .
You must dictate the points against your opponent , but with smart and high-percentage shot selection , rather than pure power alone . Find your opponents ' weaknesses , take control of the point with heavy deep balls or sharp angles , and you will rack up the victories .
Finally , you must have the ability to finish points . Most of the time , if you play with controlled aggression , you will be faced with a short ball or weak reply . In these instances , you must be able to hit effective approach shots or a ball that your opponent can not reach .
You will also need solid volleys . This means you need a consistent volley that you can place in the open court ( or behind your opponent , whichever is more effective ) . There is nothing more frustrating than to set up a point with stellar groundstrokes and dumping an easy volley into net . Work on your volleys .
Proof that Controlled Aggression Works
If you watch the majority of professional matches , you will notice that players rarely win matches by waiting for their opponents ' mistakes . Rather , you will see one player force the other to run from corner to corner and hit difficult shots to keep the point from ending . Listen to players talk : they will commonly say “ I was trying to stay aggressive ” when analyzing a victory . Kei Nishikori said it was the key to their victory against John Isner in the 2015 Citi Open final .
But you also see controlled aggression work at the amateur level . You may get away with waiting for your opponents ' errors in the lower NTRP ratings , but once you get to the 4.5-5.0 level , the best players routinely take control of points and force their opponents into errors from having to hit difficult shots .
The most successful players have complete games that force their opponents into difficult shot-making situations . And they do n't do this by going for broke or waiting for mistakes . They take control of the point .
I encourage you to develop a consistent weapon in your tennis game . You will win more matches by dictating points with controlled aggression . And you might be a little less sore afterwards too .
If you like this article , SUBSCRIBE to my free newsletter to receive more tips like this one straight to your email . And let me know what you think about this article by leaving a COMMENT below . Thanks !
The Building Blocks of Tennis Success eBook Subscribe to get my free eBook and learn about goal setting , training smart , proper technique , mental fortitude , the importance of competition , health and fitness , and more ! Success ! Now check your email to confirm your subscription and download your free eBook . Thanks for being a valued Tennis Files subscriber ! I am proud to serve you 🙂
Guns were found in a violin case near the D.C. side of the Potomac River on Wednesday .
D.C. Park Police say a woman was hiking on the C & O Canal when they found the case just before 12:00 p.m. Police say they believe there were two hand guns in the case .
The woman took the case to the Boathouse at Fletcher 's Cove and reported their findings to the police .
Police say a many more weapons , including long guns , pistols and munition were found in that same spot about a quarter mile away from the boathouse as police searched the area .
A large police presence that included D.C. and Park Police was on the scene to investigate . Canal Road NW between Reservoir Road and Arizona Avenue was closed in both directions as police investigated but has since been reopened .
Police say they do not know how long the guns were there or why they were there .
BRISTOL , Tenn. ( Jan. 28 , 2016 ) – The ETSU Department of Intercollegiate Athletics and Bristol Motor Speedway held a joint press conference on Thursday afternoon to announce they have reached an agreement to host ETSU 's 2016 Southern Conference football opener at the Last Great Colosseum .
The Buccaneers , who are playing a full SoCon schedule this upcoming season , will host Western Carolina on Saturday , Sept. 17 .
ETSU football head coach Carl Torbush and the Buccaneers know the significance of playing at Bristol Motor Speedway and are excited to be part of this historic event .
“ We are very excited about this opportunity to play at Bristol Motor Speedway , ” said Torbush . “ We are very appreciative of Jerry Caldwell and everyone at BMS in making this happen . They are great supporters and friends of our program . It has taken a lot of hard work from those at BMS , ETSU , Western Carolina and the Southern Conference in putting all this together and we are thrilled to be making this announcement . Scott Carter and our administrative staff have also put in a lot of hard work in helping to make this possible . Not only will this will be a historic event for the schools , but also our fans , the conference and FCS Football . This is a once in a lifetime opportunity for our players , coaches , staff , university and fans . ”
Western Carolina head coach Mark Speir grew up in NASCAR country , so he 's looking forward to renewing the rivalry with ETSU in such a storied venue such as Bristol Motor Speedway .
`` We are first of all very excited about the renewal of the Southern Conference football rivalry between Western Carolina and ETSU , ” said Speir . “ We 're looking forward to being the first SoCon team to welcome Buccaneer football back to the SoCon – and to be able to do so in such a storied American sports venue like Bristol Motor Speedway is an awesome opportunity for both of our programs . Bristol is an iconic emblem in one of America 's most popular sports , NASCAR . It 's especially cool for me , a guy from Kannapolis , N.C. , who grew up in the heart of NASCAR country and has been a fan all my life , to have our team compete on that stage in what will be transformed into college football 's largest stadium . This is a great opportunity for our program and our fans . ''
Executive Vice President and General Manager of BMS , Jerry Caldwell added , “ It 's exciting for us to support ETSU 's return to football and offer these athletes an experience they 'll never forget . Having the Bucs at Bristol is our way of joining hands with the local community in ETSU PRIDE while generating visibility for their new football program .
“ Backing this game also falls in line with one of our key initiatives called ; It 's MY Bristol , Baby ! The campaign encourages local residents and businesses to feel a sense of ownership - a part of the family - of this legendary Speedway . Naturally , hosting a home game for ETSU , an extended family member , just makes sense for us and will be memorable for regional football enthusiasts for years to come . ”
ETSU Season Ticket Holders will receive a general admission ticket to the game at BMS with their season ticket package . Reserved seating upgrades and parking will be available when purchasing ETSU season tickets . If you are an ETSU season ticket holder and have questions , please call the ETSU Ticket Office at 423-439-4828 .
An allotment of ETSU student tickets will be available through the university at a later date .
Other guests planning to attend may place a deposit through the BMS Ticket Office at 866-415-4158 or 423-BRISTOL .
Early bird ticket prices are $ 25 for General Admission , $ 40 for Reserved seating and $ 55 for Battlefield seats on the track near the sidelines . Groups of 50 or more may call BMS about special pricing .
Youth tickets for children 18 and under and students from other schools with official I.D . may purchase tickets through BMS for $ 15 .
The Buccaneers are coming off their first season since 2003 , playing as a FCS Independent in 2015 . Meanwhile , Western Carolina went 7-4 overall , 5-2 in SoCon play last year .
ETSU and Western Carolina have played 45 times with the first game of the series being contested in 1932 .
For more information on Buccaneer football , visit ETSUBucs.com and click on the football page .
Victorian Government defends senior official Sonia Sharp over link to Rotherham sexual abuse scandal in UK
Updated
The Victorian Government is standing by the appointment of a senior state education official who has been linked to a shocking child abuse scandal in northern England .
An independent report released this week blamed police and local authorities in Rotherham for failing to prevent the sexual exploitation of at least 1,400 children over a 16-year period between 1997 and 2013 .
The report outlined rape , trafficking and severe mental and physical abuse involving children as young as 11 , and included cases of children being made to witness violent rapes , and others being doused with petrol and threatened with being set alight .
It has led to calls for the resignation of the deputy secretary of Victoria 's Education Department , Dr Sonia Sharp , who was a director of children 's services in the Northern England town between 2005 and 2008 .
The department maintains they are an outstanding leader and said their experience in England has helped strengthen Victoria 's system .
Victorian Health Minister David Davis said the normal processes were followed when they were hired , but they would not say if they should stay in the position .
`` I think that 's a matter for ministers , but my point here is that I 'm informed that the recruitment process has operated in the normal way , the recruitment process was a straight-forward , normal recruitment process , '' they said .
But Opposition Leader Daniel Andrews said the Government had questions to answer about the appointment of Dr Sharp .
`` I think it absolutely raises questions about the recruitment policies , it raises questions about ongoing arrangements at the highest levels in the education department under the Liberal Government , '' Mr Andrews said .
`` This is not some junior bureaucrat , this is a senior , perhaps almost the most senior person ... that is charged with the welfare and protection , the nourishment , the advancement , the education of our kids , there are answers that need to be provided to this and the Premier and the Minister are the ones to provide them .
'We feared this was the tip of an iceberg '
Dr Sharp , who is also a committee member of Australia 's National Centre Against Bullying , said they did what they could to improve the situation in the city .
`` As soon as I commenced in April 2005 as Rotherham 's first director of children 's services , I was briefed by politicians , senior managers and frontline staff about the issue of sexual exploitation of young people , '' Dr Sharp said in a statement .
`` We knew that there were many children in the community at risk and feared this was the tip of an iceberg .
`` There was a lot to do : shifting attitudes , raising the quality of services for these vulnerable children , improving early identification and strategies for prevention and , importantly , getting agencies to work together to achieve convictions . ''
But they said they did take some responsibility for what happened in Rotherham .
`` You ca n't be the director of children 's services and not take responsibility for what happens to children , '' they said .
`` I regret every case of exploitation of vulnerable girls that was not prevented , but feel strongly that our collective efforts led to gradual but essential improvements in the situation for many young people . ''
Sonia Sharp 'an outstanding leader ' : Education Department
The Victorian Education Department maintained Dr Sharp was an `` outstanding leader '' .
The department secretary , Richard Bolt , said the report into Rotherham contained important changes made by Dr Sharp that led to systematic improvement in the UK .
`` I have no doubt that Sonia tackled the issue of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham with maximum commitment , professionalism and focus , '' Mr Bolt said in a statement .
`` In the report there are numerous references to important changes made under Sonia 's management that led to sustained and systemic improvement .
`` There is considerable evidence not included in the report which reinforces my view . ''
They said Ms Sharp had shared the lessons from Rotherham with the department since they began in 2012 and the experience had helped them strengthen the Victorian system .
`` Her experience and advocacy has been critical in strengthening my department 's focus on educating and developing Victoria 's vulnerable children , '' they said .
A spokesperson for the National Centre Against Bullying also stood by Dr Sharp .
`` Sonia Sharp is a representative of the Victorian Education Department on the National Centre Against Bullying . The Department have been long term supporters of the initiative , '' the spokesperson said in a statement .
`` Sonia is known internationally for their work on tackling bullying in schools and was invited to share this knowledge with the National Centre Against Bullying . ''
Topics : child-abuse , education , state-parliament , vic , united-kingdom
First posted
A source close to the FBI probe of Hillary Clinton tells Fox News that investigators are asking whether they shared highly secure State Department network passwords with their aides .
That would be an incredible violation of security protocols . For that matter , it could get executives at a mid-level private-sector company that had nothing to do with national security fired .
As Fox 's source put it , if Clinton was “ allowing other people to use their passwords , that is a big problem . ”
The Fox report runs down the various scenarios for how classified documents could have jumped across the “ air gap ” separating secure intelligence networks from unsecure systems , such as Clinton 's secret email server . There is no way to directly transmit such documents outside the secure network , so they had to be copied manually – using methods ranging from copying secure files onto portable media , such as a thumb drive , to manually re-typing them into emails sent to ClintonEmail.com , or even snapping pictures of the computer screens in secure rooms with a cell phone .
Needless to say , the intelligence community strongly disapproves of every method Clinton could have used to violate the air gap . The pertinent question is whether Clinton did it personally , and all available evidence indicates the answer is “ no . ”
As Clinton themselves has been pointing out in their defense , they are n't the originator of the email chains containing most of the classified information found on their sever . Also , the Clinton emails released to the public portray them as a total computer illiterate , unable to perform the most simple tasks without assistance from their aides . They are n't the one sitting in those secure rooms snapping pictures of the screens with their iPhone , or illegally copying secure files onto thumb drives , in clear violation of the sworn documents they signed as Secretary of State .
Ironically , Clinton 's “ defense ” might become part of their undoing , because it does n't seem likely their aides had the passwords necessary to procure this classified information . Not that many top aides appear in their email chains , so it seems unlikely the FBI would need an extensive investigation to determine if they were properly issued passwords to all of the relevant computer networks .
The Fox report mentions Clinton aide Jake Sullivan as a “ pivotal ” figure , a name appearing on most of the classified material forwarded through Clinton 's server . It should n't take long to determine if Sullivan was issued passwords for all of the systems they could have gotten that material from .
The Fox report states it “ remains unclear who had access to which computers and devices used by Clinton while they were Secretary of State and where exactly they were located at the time of the email correspondence. ” That information should not be “ unclear. ” There are mom-and-pop contractors who track the movement of their tools more carefully than Hillary Clinton 's State Department tracked its secure devices .
Also , Fox 's intelligence source said the FBI investigation has been progressing in “ fits and starts , ” which does n't jibe with Team Clinton 's constant assurances that they 're giving the Bureau their full cooperation . What could be more important that moving swiftly on an investigation into the front-running presidential candidate for one of the two major political parties in the United States ?
Another interesting tidbit from Fox News : the State Department says it can not alter the security clearance levels of Clinton 's aides without clearance from the FBI , because “ agents plan to directly question individuals about their handling of the emails containing classified information , and they will need active clearances to be questioned . ”
That makes sense , but it 's also disturbing to think people who may be active security risks to the United States are allowed to keep security clearances throughout this long investigation . That 's the opposite of how things should work in a tight security environment .
Update : I updated the links again . pdf.js has moved to a new location on github .
Why ?
While traveling to the Firefox 4 launch parties in Seoul and Taipei all the way from California , we killed a lot of time by brainstorming cool things to do with the web platform . Like many before us , we were wondering why nobody had implemented a PDF reader in HTML5/JavaScript . The kinds of operations a PDF reader needs to be fast at –render text , draw lines , blit images– need to be fast in browsers too , so browsers are already highly optimized for them .
Building an HTML5-based PDF renderer would also answer the question of whether the web platform and in particular canvas and SVG APIs are complete enough to efficiently and faithfully render PDFs .
Displaying PDFs directly in the browser would definitely improve the user 's experience . There are literally millions ( billions ? ) of PDFs floating around the web , and on many devices loading PDFs switches to a different application ( e.g . Preview on OS X and PDF View on Android ) . Also , external PDF readers and many plugins do n't support important PDF features well , including content links and fetch-as-you-go ( HTTP range requests ) .
External readers and plugins are also forced to reinvent their own user interaction paradigms , meaning for example that users might scroll HTML pages in one way with one set of heuristics in the browser , but a totally different way in an external PDF reader .
It 's important to note that we 're not trying to promote PDF to a first-class web citizen like HTML5 is . Instead we hope that a browser-native PDF renderer written on the web platform allows web technologies to subsume PDF .
Benefits
The traditional approach to rendering PDFs in a browser is to use a native-code plugin , either Adobe 's own PDF Reader or other commercial renderers , or some open source alternative ( e.g . poppler ) . From a security perspective , this enlarges the trusted code base , and because of that Google 's Chrome browser goes through quite some pain to sandbox the PDF renderer to avoid code injection attacks . An HTML5-based implementation is completely immune to this class of problems .
Project Status
We have been developing pdf.js in the open ( on github.com ) , albeit quietly , for about a month now . We were waiting on the completion of some major features ( Type1 fonts , gradients , etc . ) before communicating pdf.js more broadly . We 've been taken by surprise by the early and intense interest in our work , so we decided to blog and talk about our project earlier than we initially planned .
As part of our project plan , we are initially focused on achieveing pixel-perfect rendering of a single PDF paper , a 2009 paper on Trace Compilation we submitted to the ACM SIGPLAN PLDI conference . As the Tracemonkey work described in the paper led the way for JavaScript JITs , so we hope pdf.js opens the door to implementing legacy formats on top of the web platform .
If you want to see a demo of pdf.js , click on this link . There are still glitches and rendering artifacts , but you will get the picture . We are still missing Type1 PostScript fonts , which Vivien Nicolas is working on .
Along the way , we had to add some new interfaces to the HTML5 canvas element , and figure out how to implement some difficult features of the PDF spec in JavaScript . See Chris 's post for a general technological overview , and Shaon 's post for details on rendering “ shading patterns ” .
Whats next ?
We intend to use pdf.js to render PDFs “ natively ” , within Firefox itself . Our most immediate goal is to implement the most commonly used PDF features so we can render a large majority of the PDFs found on the web . We believe we can reach that point in less than 3 months ( the entire code so far is less than one month old , and it already renders a large set of PDF features ) .
Initially we will make a Firefox extension available to interested users that enables inline PDF rendering using pdf.js , but our ultimate goal is of course shipping pdf.js with Firefox . This will result in a substantial usability but also security improvement for our users . pdf.js uses only safe web languages and does n't contain any native code pieces attackers could exploit .
Open Source
We want pdf.js to be a community driven and governed open-source project . We 'll use it for Firefox , but we think there are many cool applications for it . We would love to see it embedded in other browsers or web applications ; because it 's written only in standards-compliant web technologies , the code will run in any compliant browser . We are licensing pdf.js under a very liberal 3-clause BSD license and we welcome external contributors . We are looking forward to your ideas or code to make pdf.js better ! Take a look at our github and our wiki , or talk to us on IRC in # pdfjs .
Chris Jones and Andreas Gal ( and the pdf.js team )
Their Highness the Fake Sheikh ! - We Expose Najib 's Mystery 'Donor ' ! EXCLUSIVE
Sarawak Report can exclusively reveal the alleged identity of ‘ His Highness ' the ‘ royal donor ' , which was given to AmBank as the source of several payments , including the US $ 681 million received into Najib 's account just before the last election .
The name given was ‘ His Highness Saud Abdulaziz Majid al-Saud ' .
We have ascertained that this identity was first provided to explain an original payment of US $ 100 million , which was passed into Najib 's AmPrivate Banking account in Kuala Lumpur back in February 2011 .
The bank had required details of the sender from the agent who was managing the transfer on behalf of the Prime Minister and a letter was purportedly then sent from the office of this individual to the bank .
Our sources tell us that this letter , which has been retained by the bank , was sparse on details but alleged to be from the ‘ Private Office of Saud Abdulaziz Majid al-Saud ' , without giving an address or telephone number .
The letter was signed by ‘ Saud Abdulaziz al-Saud ' .
Compliance issues at AmBank ?
The matter raises immediate questions about the regulatory and compliance procedures of AmBank , which is 23 % owned by ANZ Bank ( Australia New Zealand Bank ) as the largest shareholder .
The CEO of AmBank , Ashok Ramamurthy , who was on attachment from ANZ Bank , stepped down in January following a compliance audit of several billion ringgits of loans to 1MDB – the issue remains subject to major criticism by opposition politicians .
The fact that the Prime Minister was able to receive huge private donations with such a cursory scrutiny of the donor certainly presents a major problem for the bank .
In particular , Sarawak Report has established that anti-money laundering and anti-terror legislation in Saudi Arabia ( given the Saud name ) means that all its citizens are required to provide passport verification for any individual involved in the transfer of substantial sums . This includes any citizen who is using a BVI off-shore company .
A letter without a contact address and no accompanying identification documents represents a laughable verification check and one can only assume it was let through by the bank because the recipient was the Malaysian Prime Minister , who nevertheless comes under a high category of concern as a politically exposed person .
For several years , AmBank has flourished as the bank of choice for the Prime Minister 's own accounts and also for several state-controlled concerns , including 1MDB .
We have learnt that at least four payments were received into the Prime Minister 's account accompanied by the same sender identification between 2011 and 2013 , including the two totalling US $ 681 million , revealed by Sarawak Report in July .
The second transfer was for a sum of US $ 200 million , meaning that a total of a billion dollars was transferred by this alleged Saudi royal philanthropist supposedly in favour of UMNO into Najib 's account .
This information was corroborated by the Malaysian Anti Corruption Commission ( MACC ) in July , when officials stated they had seen four letters from the same donor to the bank .
It indicates that this alleged donor had been passing huge sums of money to Najib far in advance of the General Election , the original reason given , for wider purposes that remain unclear .
The matter envelopes a growing circle of international regulatory authorities in Malaysia 's escalating financial scandal , since both Australia and New Zealand as well as Saudi Arabia are now faced with a flouting of their basic banking rules and anti-terrorism laws .
Fake Sheikh ?
Meanwhile , our enquiries into the identity of this ‘ Saudi Royal ' figure have drawn an interesting blank . Saud Abdulaziz Majid al-Saud appears to be a variation on a common royal name , but does not actually refer to any specific individual .
Yet the newly appointed Deputy Prime Minister Zahid Hamidi claimed to have met a Middle Eastern “ King and Prince ” from the alleged “ donor family ” , shortly after taking over from Muhyiddin Yassin , who had questioned the donation before being sacked by Najib :
They [ Zahid ] said the “ king and prince ” , whom they did not name , had donated the money because of Malaysia 's commitment in fighting terrorism , and being a moderate Muslim country with a plural society… . “ Those were the answers given to me when I asked them the reason for their donation . They also told me that Malaysia was not the only country they have donated money to . “ They have also helped other Islamic countries , ” they said .. The Umno vice-president , elaborating .. said the donors were an “ Arab king and prince ” and the family decided to make the huge donation also because of Datuk Seri Najib 's anti-Jewish stance .. “ Because of that , the Arab king , Arab prince generously made the political donation for use during the 13th General Election , ” Malaysian Mail Online quoted them as saying . Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahid also said the donor wanted to keep Umno and the ruling Barisan Nasional coalition in power . [ Straits Times ]
Likewise , the Malaysian Anti Corruption Commission reported officials had been introduced to individuals purporting to be the donor who had sent the letters they had seen at AmBank :
In a statement , the commission said it had found out about the donors ' details through bank documents . “ MACC has obtained explanation from the donors who originated from the Middle East and they have verified the donation . “ The RM2.6 billion donation has no connection at all to 1MDB , ” the anti-graft commission said in the statement . According to MACC , it had found four letters that were given to the bank when the RM2.6 billion amount was deposited into Najib 's account , with the bank documents stating that the contribution was a “ donation ” . [ Malaysian Mail Online ]
The MACC statement clearly conflicts with the bank documents obtained by Sarawak Report , which refer to the transfer of US $ 681 million from Tanore Finance Corporation as a “ payment ” rather than a donation .
So their eventual findings should present the exact identity of the so-called King and Prince , who they have so far accepted as genuine donors .
The wealth factor
This story of the Saudi donor becomes even harder to believe after a basic wealth check of Middle Eastern royals and the Saudis in particular .
There are few ruling Kings and Princes in the Middle East – and the Saudi King Abdullah , who was alive at the time of the ‘ donations ' had died in January before the time the so-called meetings took place in July with the likes of Zahid Hamidi .
But even King Abdullah , who ranked at number 4 in the wealthy sovereign list , was worth only US $ 18 billion . That makes a handout to Najib of US $ 1billion to be a very substantial chunk of their personal wealth . Even more so , given Zahid Hamidi 's surprising claim that other Muslim countries were similar ‘ charitable ' recipients !
It means that if the alleged donor family were lesser royals the likelihood of them being in a position to fork out such enormous secret sums of money becomes ever more remote .
We have found no one of the Arab top 50 rich list with a name remotely similar to the supposed signatory of the donation letter ie Saud Abdulaziz Majid al-Saud and the individual at number 50 , Saudi Arabia 's Ayman Hariri , has a relatively modest fortune of just US $ 2 billion , according to Arabian Business.com .
Would a man with US $ 2 billion or less really be willing to part with half of it to Najib Razak because of their stance on this or that , let alone to pay for other similar begging leaders also ?
Or is this supposed donor from a royal family a secret entity of some kind ?
Certainly , the top richest Saudi , Prince Alwaleed has made clear that at some point they intend to give all their money to good causes and they have been held up as an example of the sort of Middle Eastern who was favouring Najib by BN stallwarts .
However , even they themselves is worth only US $ 24 billion according to Forbes . So , to whom would BN/Najib Razak rate as a billion dollar cause ?
Enquiries at the Saudi Embassy in London have produced further questions .
Their protocol department has pointed out that while the name presented to AmBank is similar to certain Saudi royal names , it lacks certain crucial formalities – the name should contain ‘ bin ' we were told , along the lines of ‘ bin Abdulaziz ' and ‘ bin Majid ' , giving the impression of a serious lack of authenticity in the name of our sheikh and the title of their Private Office .
It has been pointed out that the royal figure whose name most matches that of Saud Adulaziz Majid al-Saud is that of a former Governor of Medina , Abdulaziz bin Majid , a grandson of a former Saudi King .
This royal figure does have a son similarly named Prince Saud bin Abdu Aziz bin Majed Al-Saud . However , there has been no evidence that these are a family of prominent donors nor do they appear on the Arab rich list as owning over US $ 2 billion .
So , please step forward the mysterious and alleged billion dollar donor , unless of course one accepts the inevitable conclusion that we are dealing with a fake sheikh with sparse identification , drummed up to explain a series of astonishing payments into the Prime Minister of Malaysia 's private bank accounts ?
According to a new study led by Dr Kevin Baines of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , the reddish color of the Great Red Spot on Jupiter is likely a product of chemicals being broken apart by solar ultraviolet ( UV ) light in the planet 's upper atmosphere .
“ Our models suggest most of the Great Red Spot is actually pretty bland in color , beneath the upper cloud layer of reddish material , ” Dr Baines said .
“ Under the reddish ‘ sunburn , ' the clouds are probably whitish or grayish . ”
“ A coloring agent confined to the top of the clouds would be inconsistent with the competing theory , which posits that the spot 's red color is due to upwelling chemicals formed deep beneath the visible cloud layers . If red material were being transported from below , it should be present at other altitudes as well , which would make the red spot redder still . ”
In the lab , Dr Baines and their colleagues blasted ammonia and acetylene gases – chemicals known to exist on Jupiter – with UV light , to simulate the Sun 's effects on these materials at the extreme heights of clouds in the Great Red Spot .
This produced a reddish material , which the scientists compared to the Great Red Spot as observed by the Visual Infrared Mapping Spectrometer ( VIMS ) on NASA 's Cassini spacecraft .
They found that the light-scattering properties of their red concoction nicely matched a model of the Great Red Spot in which the red-colored material is confined to the uppermost reaches of the giant cyclone-like feature .
The team initially set out to determine if the Great Red Spot 's color might derive from Sun-induced breakdown of a more complex molecule , ammonium hydrosulfide , which makes up one of Jupiter 's main cloud layers .
They quickly found that instead of a red color , the products their experiment produced were a brilliant shade of green .
This surprising negative result prompted them to try simple combinations of ammonia with hydrocarbons that are common at Jupiter 's high altitudes .
Breaking down ammonia and acetylene with UV light turned out to best fit the data collected by Cassini .
As for why the intense red color is seen only in the Great Red Spot and a few much smaller spots on the planet , the scientists think altitude plays a key role .
“ The Great Red Spot is extremely tall . It reaches much higher altitudes than clouds elsewhere on Jupiter , ” Dr Baines said .
They and their colleagues think the spot 's great heights both enable and enhance the reddening .
“ Its winds transport ammonia ice particles higher into the atmosphere than usual , where they are exposed to much more of the Sun 's UV light . ”
“ In addition , the vortex nature of the spot confines particles , preventing them from escaping . This causes the redness of the spot 's cloud tops to increase beyond what might otherwise be expected . ”
Other areas of Jupiter display a mixed palette of oranges , browns and even shades of red .
“ These are places where high , bright clouds are known to be much thinner , allowing views to depths in the atmosphere where more colorful substances exist , ” Dr Baines said .
The results were presented November 14 , 2014 at the 46th Annual Meeting of the American Astronomical Society 's Division of Planetary Sciences in Tucson , Arizona .
_____
Baines K.H . et al . 2014 . Why is the Great Red Spot Red ? The Exogenic , Photolytic Origin of the UV/Blue-Absorbing Chromophores of Jupiter 's Great Red Spot as Determined by Spectral Analysis of Cassini/VIMS Observations using New Laboratory Optical Coefficients . American Astronomical Society , DPS meeting # 46 , # 511.05
Snow White and the Madness of Truth . The installation
Snow White and the Madness of Truth ( Swedish : Snövit och sanningens vansinne ) was a 2004 item of installation art by Swedish , Israeli-born composer and musician Dror Feiler and their Swedish wife , artist Gunilla Sköld-Feiler . Feiler and Sköld-Feiler created the visuals and the music for the artwork together , which was installed in the Swedish History Museum in Stockholm , Sweden .
The installation consisted of a long pool of water coloured blood red , upon which floated a small white boat named `` Snövit '' ( `` Snow White '' ) carrying a smiling portrait of Hanadi Jaradat , a Palestinian suicide bomber who murdered 22 people . [ 1 ] A text was written on the walls , and the sound of Bach 's Mein Herze schwimmt im Blut ( Cantata 199 ) played in the background . This piece begins with the words , `` My heart swims in blood / because the brood of my sins / in God 's holy eyes / makes me into a monster '' . According to the artists , the installation was made to `` call attention to how weak people left alone can be capable of horrible things '' .
The artwork became the centre of some controversy when the Israeli ambassador to Sweden , Zvi Mazel , vandalized it claiming that it `` glorified suicide bombers , '' and was `` an expression of hatred for the Israeli people . `` [ 1 ] Some argued that critics failed to understand the artists ' central message about tolerance , freedom of thought , and diversity. [ who ? ] Reactions to the piece have been compared to reactions to Steve Earle 's song `` John Walker 's Blues '' , which appeared on their 2002 album Jerusalem . [ 2 ]
As scheduled , the artwork was removed from display on February 8 , 2004 . In 2011 the Feilers created a new installation called `` Once upon a time in the middle of winter '' based on the events . [ 3 ]
Controversy [ edit ]
In early 2004 the artwork briefly came to the attention of the international media after it was vandalized on January 16 by Zvi Mazel , the Israeli ambassador to Sweden . Mazel disconnected the electricity powering the installation and tipped one of its lights into the water , causing a short circuit . When Mazel was asked to leave they refused and had to be escorted out by museum security . [ 4 ] The entire event was filmed by the museum 's security cameras . [ 5 ]
Mazel later gave contradicting statements about the event . To the Swedish media , they said it was done in the heat of the moment , [ 4 ] but to Israeli media they said it was premeditated and that they had planned it even before they saw the artwork . [ 6 ] On January 20 , Feiler appeared in Nyhetsmorgon on Swedish TV4 and explained that the white boat symbolized truth ; and if an individual believed that their views were the absolute embodiment of truth , the end result could well be the pool of blood depicted in the installation . [ citation needed ]
According to Sköld-Feiler , the name Snow White was chosen simply because in their portrait , Hanadi Jaradat resembled Snow White with their black hair , pale skin and red lips . [ citation needed ]
The installation was a part of the Making Differences exhibition at the Swedish History Museum . On January 18 , 2004 , Thomas Nordanstad , who is responsible for the exhibition , was attacked by an unidentified man who tried to push Nordanstad down a staircase . Nordanstad had also recently received over 400 e-mails containing various threats . Both Kristian Berg , head of the museum , and the artists also received many threats . The following Sunday , a museum guard had to remove a group of people who were throwing various objects into the water . [ 7 ]
After the attack on Nordanstad the number of visitors to the museum increased to approximately 1,400 per day , up from roughly the same number per week . [ 8 ]
According to Swedish Dagens Nyheter journalist Henrik Brors there may have been hidden motives behind Zvi Mazel 's act . They speculated that it may have been done in an effort to discredit Sweden and the European Union by depicting them as antisemites , and to have the EU back down from its peace efforts in the Middle East . [ 9 ] In the analysis in Dagens Nyheter Brors further speculated that Mazel may have done it to give Israel an excuse for not attending the international anti-genocide conference Stockholm International Forum that was to be held in Stockholm January 26–28 . [ 9 ]
The situation escalated further when Israel Army Radio incorrectly reported that a `` pro Israeli '' film was removed from the exhibition at the request of Syria . [ citation needed ] Both Thomas Nordanstad and Kristian Berg demonstrated that this allegation was false , as the documentary in question , `` Map '' by award-winning Israeli filmmaker Amit Goren , remained as part of the exhibition . It is believed that the erroneous rumour probably started when the display was moved from Tensta Konsthall due to some internal problems . During the whole time , another work by Goren , the film 119 Bullets + Three [ 10 ] was also on display . The display of Goren 's works is sponsored by the Israeli embassy , and the cultural attache , Lizzie Oved Scheja , stated that the exhibit had their absolute support .
The Young Christian Democrats , the youth organisation of the Swedish Christian Democratic party , reported the artwork to the police in hope that action could be taken pursuant to Sweden 's strict laws against hate speech . [ 11 ] Mazel themselves asked in an interview `` If we Jews say that this offends us , why ca n't a government remove it ? '' . [ 12 ]
Stockholms Lokaltrafik decided to remove advertising of the Making Differences exhibit that used a picture of Hanadi Jaradat ; those posters were a part of C. M. V. Hausswolff 's artwork `` God made me do it '' and had nothing to do with Feiler/Sköld installation `` Snow White and the Madness of Truth . `` [ 8 ]
An e-mail protest organized by the Simon Wiesenthal Center has been directed at Prime Minister Göran Persson 's office . By the morning of January 27 , 2004 , 13,603 emails had been received . [ 13 ]
Kristian Berg stated that `` I did not hear anyone who saw the work say that it was an anti-Semitic installation , against the Jewish people or against the Israeli people , I therefore think that this work was politically hijacked – the interpretation that Ambassador Mazel gave it was very narrow and very political . '' [ 8 ]
See also [ edit ]
A short review of Hayao Miyazaki 's The Wind Rises
By Aaron Clark on Monday , March 10th , 2014
As a boy , Jiro dreamed of flying , however due to their near-sightedness , they would never be a pilot . They resolved that if they could n't fly planes , they would design them instead . Hayao Miyazaki 's The Wind Rises tells the fictionalized story of Jiro Horikoshi , who designed a number of Japanese fighter planes during World War II .
And , by the way , Jiro is voiced by Hideaki Anno , Evangelion 's writer and director .
In typical fashion , Miyazaki tells the story with gentle confidence . The film is skillfully and beautifully animated , with wonderful use of blues and greens , depicting scenes of sky and ground . The film is n't loud or flashy . It has a wonderful sense of quiet dreaminess , an almost surreality . There are a number of scenes where Jiro dreams of flying , or dreams of meeting a revered Italian plane designer . And in the real world , it is depicted with hints of fantasy , an earthquake that ripples the land like water , explosions and fire whose audio composition are of strange , though effective , human vocal origin .
The Wind Rises is a nice , sweet film about the bittersweet reality that the beautiful planes that one designs and builds to soar through the sky must unfortunately be used for war and destruction , to fly off never to return . It 's less of a typical fantastic Miyazaki film like Princess Mononoke or Spirited Away . It 's almost like a live action film , with just enough qualities to merit being made in animation . I do n't see myself watching The Wind Rises over and over the way I could with some other Miyazaki or Ghibli works , however I can see myself a few years down the road saying “ You know , that was a nice film , I think I 'd like to watch that again sometime ” .
Posted in : Reviews . Tagged : Hayao Miyazaki , Hideaki Anno , Studio Ghibli .
Former astronaut Gene Cernan , the last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82
Gene Cernan at the Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas . ( Mark Craig ) Gene Cernan at the Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas . ( Mark Craig ) Photo : Mark Craig , HO Photo : Mark Craig , HO Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Formers astronaut Gene Cernan , the last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Former astronaut Gene Cernan , the last man to walk on the moon , died today after ongoing health issues , their family said in a statement .
NASA first announced their death this afternoon in a Tweet .
Cernan , 82 , was a member of the Apollo 17 mission in December 1972 , the last manned space flight to the moon . Cernan and fellow astronaut Harrison Schmitt spent three days on the moon before returning to the command module .
Cernan , the last to leave the moon 's surface , told their story in a recent book and documentary .
Their family released the following statement :
`` It is with very deep sadness that we share the loss of our beloved husband and father . Our family is heartbroken , of course , and we truly appreciate everyone 's thoughts and prayers . Gene , as they were known by so many , was a loving husband , father , grandfather , brother and friend . Even at the age of 82 , Gene was passionate about sharing their desire to see the continued human exploration of space and encouraged our nation 's leaders and young people to not let them remain the last man to walk on the Moon . ''
Cernan is survived by their wife , Jan Nanna Cernan , their daughter and son-in-law , Tracy Cernan Woolie and Marion Woolie , step-daughters Kelly Nanna Taff and husband , Michael , and Danielle Nanna Ellis and nine grandchildren .
Last week , we wrote about the death of liberal-arts education . Now we 've found a school that 's banned curiosity altogether .
Westfield High , a school in Fairfax County , Virginia , recently enacted a shocking set of rules for students in AP history classes . The sheet , titled “ Expectations of Integrity , ” states :
You are only allowed to use your own knowledge , your own class notes , class handouts , your own class homework , or The Earth and Its Peoples textbook to complete assignments and assessments unless specifically informed otherwise by your instructor .
Students were also banned from speaking to friends or family about their assignments , or doing outside research ( especially online ) . Even complete strangers were off limits :
You may not discuss/mention/chat/hand signal/smoke signal/Facebook/IM/text/email to a complete stranger any answers/ideas/questions/thoughts/opinions/hints/instructions .
Though the tone is light in parts , the rules were still enforced with a promised failing grade and an honor code referral .
♦♦♦
I grew up in a family full of teachers . I 've heard stories and had debates over disciplinary actions and cheating at all levels , from kindergarten to college . I 'm also a product of public schooling , and I 've seen , first-hand , the challenges that faced at least my teachers .
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
But enforcing rules like this turns schools into assembly lines . Those who fall out of line , who want to move faster ( or slower ) or in a different direction , get stamped “ defective ” and shipped off to the outlet stores .
Westfield Principal Tim Thomas defended the decision by saying that the teachers “ were only trying to be fair . Some students have more help and resources than others . They should not be allowed to use materials classmates can not get . ”
There are myriad factors that are n't being taken into account : demographics , poverty , and a slew of other important issues with our school system . But for a school to try to even out the playing field , which is admirable , it ought to help make those resources accessible , not suppress them . Extend library hours . Open up computers to students during lunch . Work with nearby college campuses to request volunteer tutors . To the best of its ability , a school can make information available to all who seek it out .
Is n't the most valuable—and , some would argue , educational—part of school the independent pursuit of knowledge that does n't come from textbooks ? To ask students not to look for outside sources , not to explore , and not to talk about school with the people around them is archaic at best , oppressive at worst .
For more on this subject , watch Ken Robinson , the recipient of the Benjamin Franklin award , give an amazing speech about today 's educational paradigm on TEDTalks . Or watch an animated excerpt below .
Former Kirkcaldy scrapyard operator sentenced to a Community Payback Order of 160 hours unpaid work for waste offence
Posted on by in Waste , Waste Management
William Noble was sentenced to a Community Payback Order of 160 hours of unpaid work to be completed within 9 months at Kirkcaldy Sheriff Court on 1 June for illegally keeping waste vehicles and other waste at a site in Kirkcaldy , according to the Scottish Environment Protection Agency ( SEPA ) .
Officers from SEPA attended the site , at the junction of Denburn Road and Smeaton Road , on various occasions between 3 December 2014 and 19 August 2015 to assess compliance with the Environmental Protection Act 1990 .
During an inspection on 3 December 2014 SEPA officers estimated that , despite Mr Noble not holding a Waste Management Licence for this site , they kept around 149 motor vehicles , 4 car transporters and 16 skips containing mixed wastes , waste tyres and waste metals on site .
SEPA served a Section 59 Enforcement Notice on Mr Noble on 14 January 2015 to remove the waste from the site by 30 April 2015 , however SEPA officers witnessed that waste was still present on site after this date . On 19th August 2015 the number of motor vehicles had reduced to 35 . In addition there were four car transporters , six skips of mixed wastes including green wastes , namely shrub and tree cuttings , cardboard , wood , plastics , soils , rubber , textiles and metals and four skips of waste tyres .
SEPA reported the matter to the Procurator Fiscal .
Judith Moore , SEPA Unit Manager for the Fife area , said :
“ William Noble would be required to have a Waste Management Licence in order to keep waste vehicles on site . However , Mr Noble stored vehicles at this site without the necessary infrastructure or procedures in place to protect the environment .
“ There was a significant risk of vermin at the site due to the presence of skips containing mixed household waste , and a risk of further fires due to the presence of combustible material .
“ The surrounding area including residential properties , the hospital and any businesses could have been affected by the smoke and plumes resulting from any fires at the site .
“ Despite SEPA having held discussions with Mr Noble , and taking enforcement action , they continued to illegally keep waste at the site . They have also undercut legitimate operators which have taken the steps necessary to store their waste properly . ”
Flickr/USDAgov Seven percent of all American adults — roughly 16.4 million people — do not know that chocolate milk is made of milk , cocoa , and sugar , according to a new nationally representative survey by the Innovation Center for US Dairy .
Instead , they reported it comes from brown cows .
The organization surveyed 1,000 adults in all 50 states about their use and knowledge of dairy products . Forty-eight percent of respondents also did n't know how chocolate milk is made .
The percentage of misinformed adults about chocolate milk may seen high , but as The Washington Post 's Caitlin Dewey notes , it may be more surprising that this figure is not higher . Many Americans are essentially agriculturally illiterate , especially if they do not grow up in agricultural communities . They might not understand how food is grown and what it takes to get it to grocery stores .
The way most agricultural products today are marketed to shoppers does n't help . In the supermarket , meat , produce , and dairy products are often packaged in plastic wrap , cartons , and boxes . They do n't look much like the original plant or animal .
Unless consumers Google the information or learn it in a classroom , it can be easy to disassociate between the milk in their glasses and the cows it took to produce it .
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tan Dhesi is not your average MP . As the first Sikh to wear a turban in the Commons , they also claim to speak eight languages - and has even starred in a Punjabi pop video .
The 38-year-old said their heritage was “ definitely a point of discussion ” on the doorstep in Slough , where they turned a 7,000 Labour majority into 17,000 less than two weeks ago .
And their election was celebrated in their family 's Punjabi village , where locals danced and handed out sweets .
I met them on their second day in Parliament , where they were navigating a mounting postbag and winding corridors with no office or staff .
While there have been Sikh MPs before , none are believed to have worn the turban in the Commons . At the same time as Mr Dhesi won their seat , voters elected the first ever female Sikh MP , Preet Gill in Birmingham Edgbaston .
“ I could feel the hand of history , ” Mr Dhesi said .
( Image : Solent News & Photo Agency )
“ British Sikhs and Sikhs worldwide have high expectations .
“ If you say something improper , I do n't want to do anything that would [ make them ] hang their head in shame .
“ While that 's important ... I 'm a Labour MP , I 'm there on a Labour manifesto , I 'm there for Labour values and Labour ideals . ”
As he 's risen through Labour ranks , Mr Dhesi has faced a family saga many would find fascinating .
Five years ago , the Indian press reported how a powerful politician was jailed for five years for kidnapping and forcing an abortion on their 19-year-old daughter , who later died .
Jailed with them on kidnapping and forced abortion charges , the reports told , was Tan Dhesi 's mother .
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
Ever since Dalwinder Kaur Dhesi 's conviction in 2012 , their son has maintained they are `` 100 % '' innocent - and vowed to clear them name .
“ I fully support my mother and I 'm sure that the truth will prevail and they will get justice , ” they said .
The original incident was alleged to have happened in 2000 , and took 12 years to pass through India 's court bureaucracy . Another five years later , despite their mother long since being free from jail , new MP Mr Dhesi says their appeal is still ongoing .
They insist the case is historic , stressing : `` My mum is not a politician , she 's a housewife . ''
They added : `` All of my public life everybody 's been aware of that . It 's a legal issue in another country and we ca n't do much from Britain . It 's whatever happens there . ”
( Image : AFP )
The story is a twist in the life of an ex-grammar school boy who went from teenage labourer to construction firm boss and claims to speak eight languages , including Latin and Urdu .
Their dad made a beeline for Slough after landing at nearby Heathrow from the Punjab and joined the local Ford plant .
Mr Dhesi lived in the town they now represent until they were three before their family moved to the Punjab , returning to Britain - Gravesend - when they were nine .
As a teenager they laboured for their dad on building sites in the North Kent town in school holidays before studying maths and management at UCL , statistics at Oxford and South Asian politics at Cambridge – and setting up their own firm .
Mr Dhesi has lived most of their life in Gravesend , where they became Britain 's youngest Sikh mayor in 2011 .
It 's there that they had an unusual starring role - in full robes and chairing a council meeting - in a Punjabi pop video :
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Dhesi still sits on Kent County Council and despite their council ward being 50 miles from their new seat , for now they have no plans to quit .
`` I certainly wo n't be sparking an immediate by-election , ” revealed the MP , who won their council seat in May .
`` I think as long as I can serve the residents well and I feel I can do so , I will carry on in the role .
`` The day I realise I ca n't then in consultation with others , it 's something I 'll definitely consider . ''
It means , for now , the 38-year-old is now an elected official on both sides of London . To the west they represent Slough , to the east Gravesend .
( Image : Getty )
At the same time he 's trying to scale back their “ full-time ” role in the family construction firm – not to mention being a husband to Manveen and dad to two young boys , aged four and eight .
`` I ca n't carry on with everything , ” they admitted . “ My full time job is as the MP . ”
Mr Dhesi sat in one of 12 highly-coveted 'retirement ' seats , Slough , which has voted Labour since 1997 .
Theresa May visited the seat just two days before the election - but failed miserably in their bid to capture it .
`` The Tories thought they were going to get it , '' they said . `` That was their target seat . Whether it was the Prime Minister , the Chancellor ... you name it , they were all there .
`` Nobody took it as a given . ''
( Image : EPA )
Some were surprised when Labour picked them in Slough . It was thought the quitting MP , Fiona Mactaggart , might be replaced with a woman .
Mr Dhesi rebuffed the concerns . “ When I looked up on the website and the guidelines and everything else , it did n't say 'all women shortlist ' anywhere , ” they said .
“ All I know is when I applied , it was a very rigorous process . From my understanding more than 100 people applied for it , male and female . ”
Family is important to them – they spoke proudly of how their dad was for a decade the President of Gravesend 's glittering new Gurdwara , thought to be the UK 's largest .
And so is faith , something that will stop them drinking in Westminster 's booze-soaked bars during the political storm ahead .
( Image : @ TanDhesi/Twitter )
Mr Dhesi predicts the Tory- DUP deal could “ implode ” and has high hopes for Labour , which they insisted drew back young people , ethnic minorities and Ukippers all at once .
They did n't publicly back a Labour leadership candidate last year , but said Jeremy Corbyn , as the man with the job , is now the man to keep it .
“ We got people to vote who had n't voted before - who had become disenchanted with the whole democratic process , '' they said .
`` I think that 's a magnificent achievement . ”
They added : `` I was very pleased with what the national party did , the way they ran the campaign . I think that manifesto showed we were the ones being strong and fair in how we were indeed working for the many - I think the manifesto proved that .
`` Whereas if you look at the Tories , they were taking about strong and stable but all they ended up showing was weak and wobbly because Theresa May just kept on doing U-turns .
`` When we put the manifesto out there were n't any U-turns , there was n't anything else , and the party united behind that . ''
A little over two weeks ago , Gallup found that the most important issues on the minds of voters are the economy , jobs , and the federal budget deficit . Today 's Gallup poll shows Obama more than twenty points underwater on all three issues , and above 60 % disapproval on two of them :
Three months before the election , President Barack Obama gets good marks from Americans for their handling of terrorism , fair marks for education and foreign affairs , but poor marks on immigration and three big economic issues : the federal budget deficit , creating jobs , and the economy generally .
Historically speaking , this is bad news for Obama 's re-election efforts :
Obama 's ratings on the economy are significantly worse than all three prior successful presidential incumbents at this same point in their first term , according to the available Gallup trends . Their 36 % approval rating on the economy is well below George W. Bush 's rating in August 2004 ( 46 % ) , Bill Clinton 's in August 1996 ( 54 % ) , and Ronald Reagan 's in July 1984 ( 50 % ) . Still , in terms of comparisons to presidents who lost , Obama 's economic rating is substantially better than that of George H.W . Bush in July 1992 ( 18 % ) . Gallup did not measure Americans ' approval of Jimmy Carter on the economy in 1980 .
Reagan was , however , at 48 % on job creation at that time as well as 50 % on the economy , and 52 % overall in job approval rating . Carter was at 37 % overall and Bush 41 at 32 % overall approval , the only two presidents since Ford to be under 50 % . Of all the predictive indicators , this one might worry Obama most , currently at 45 % and dropping .
The low marks on the most vital issues at this time , though , show the difficulty for their campaign to run on their record , or even new ideas … if Obama had any . Their campaign has n't even yet articulated a second-term agenda except to continue the policies that have them at 36/60 on the economy and 30/64 on the federal budget . Even the Associated Press has given up pretending that today 's economic conditions are expected and cyclical .
Small wonder that the entire Obama/Biden strategy this week has been Seamus the Roof Riding Dog and a dog-whistle reference to slavery . Meanwhile , Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan continue to focus on jobs , the economy , and budget deficits — the most vulnerable place to hit the Obama/Biden ticket .
Lost Cities Millions of Syrians have fled their war-torn country , a scattering on the scale of Chicago and Houston combined . Some have made the long journey to Europe . But most do n't run far .
After World War II , millions of people were swiftly resettled . Today 's refugees can expect to languish for years or even decades .
This project is in partnership with Magnum Photos
On a bright , cold day in February 2011 , a group of young people decided to graffiti their city , the way teenagers are wont to do . But this was Syria , and regime change had already roared through Tunisia , Egypt and Libya . The teens scrawled a message to their president , Bashar al-Assad , an ophthalmologist turned dictator : `` It 's your turn , doctor . '' They scrawled another one : `` Leave , Bashar . '' And still another one : `` The people want the regime to fall . '' What followed has been a war without end , a fight without apparent limits . The teenagers were arrested and tortured , and in response , a once-stable Syria exploded into violence . In the years since , hundreds of thousands of Syrians have died in the fighting , according to the United Nations . That 's the equivalent of a Hiroshima and Nagasaki , twice .
The Zaatari Syrian Refugee Camp , pictured here , first opened in July 2012 .
Millions of Syrians have also fled the country , a scattering on the scale of Chicago and Houston combined . Some Syrians have made the long journey to Europe , capturing the attention of the West . But most do n't run far . They pour into Turkey to the north , Lebanon to the west , and Jordan to the south , where a tent city called Zaatari has taken on a feeling of permanence . It represents a new model for refugee camps — once-temporary settlements now routinely fixed by the concrete of modern politics .
A group of young boys play soccer at a drop-in center near the refugee camp .
After World War II , millions of displaced people were swiftly resettled . Today , most refugees can expect to languish for years or even decades . The average stay in a refugee camp is 12 full years . The world 's oldest refugee camp , Kenya 's Dadaab , will turn 24 this year . By those standards , Zaatari is still young . But the people in Zaatari never expected to be there for even this long . Many doubted the need for a camp at all . The world 's oldest refugee camp , Kenya 's Dadaab , will turn 24 this year . After the fighting in Syria started , they crossed the border by the thousands . They dodged sniper fire , sidestepping snakes and scorpions , carrying the young and the weak . They were dispossessed and battered — but also hopeful . The Free Syrian Army was on the march . The president of the United States was calling on Assad to step down . The Arab League was on their side . It seemed clear to everyone that soon the displaced would all go home and vote on the future .
A boy does a handstand next to a series of faded murals in Zaatari .
With Syria in ruins , is this place now home ? The question is as painful as it is comforting . Few , if any , residents would say yes .
The Zaatari camp is a home to about 80,000 Syrian refugees . Although it was intended to be temporary , politics have led to its continued existence .
But the United Nations determined otherwise . In July 2012 , the U.N. banded together with aid groups to build Zaatari in two weeks flat . The workers hammered tent pegs for 5,000 people . By the following summer , 150,000 had arrived — forming a population center the size of Savannah , Georgia or Dayton , Ohio . From the beginning , the camp posed basic physical problems . The weather was broiling in the summer , frigid in the winter and prone to floods in the months in between . There was no electricity , little food , no security .
It 's a surprising civilization , a spectacle of determination and basic humanity . A cyclist stops to speak to a shopkeeper .
Some residents worry about relatives left behind , and they bear the guilt of their own relative safety .
Chaos prevailed , then crime , then a revolt . A young girl died in a cloud of tear gas , fired by Jordanian authorities . But Zaatari eventually began to change and mature . Residents learned how to live with terrible new losses . Parents learned how to live with a child 's empty seat at the table . Husbands and wives learned how to live apart , to live alone . Workers learned how to be idle . The rich learned how to be poor . Everyone learned a new way `` home . '' It helped that donations started rolling in . Residents moved into prefab containers , or `` caravans , '' as they were called , withfloors , windows and locking doors . More donations rolled in . People received hand-me-down bicycles and clothes , used shoes , and a supply of food they actually liked to eat .
The Azraq Syrian Refugee Camp first opened in April 2014 . While it has the capacity to house 130,000 refugees , it currently houses 40,000 .
The Azraq camp is undergoing improvements to infrastructure , including solar fields .
People also became innovative . Sly electricians began to wire up the caravans , which then sprouted microwaves and washing machines , stereos and air conditioners . Guerrilla plumbers set up makeshift latrines and private bathrooms . Today , parts of Zaatari can still resemble a scene from `` Mad Max . '' It 's a loud and dirty place . The sewers smell and the dust settles into people 's wrinkles . Crime remains a problem . Too many kids are n't in school . There 's been an uptick in early marriages .
Two boys collect water from the communal supply in the camp .
And yet Zaatari is also undeniably alive , a genuine community despite it all . It 's a surprising civilization , a spectacle of determination and basic humanity . The aid workers and academics who have searched for a reason point to the camp 's autonomy and dignity . They point to pride . They might also point to ice cream . Zaatari 's main street has become a miracle mile of commerce . There are thousands of shops , incalculable offerings . If your shopping list includes a new puppy , red roses , take-out rotisserie chicken and a limo rental , you 'll be fine . If you need a wedding dress , a barber and help with a ticket to Turkey , that 's no problem at all . Such comforts are complicated , however . The war is still raging just a few miles away . Residents say they can hear the mortars and feel the shelling . They worry about family members left behind , and they bear the guilt of their own relative safety .
An assortment of juices is stocked at the Sameh supermarket . Vegetables are delivered to a shop on Champs Elysees , the principal commercial area in the camp .
The result is another kind of psychological problem in Zaatari . With Syria in ruins , is this place now home ? The question is as painful as it is comforting . Few , if any , residents would say yes . Virtually none would use the h-word out loud . But their actions suggest a reckoning that 's almost soul-deep . Outside the oldest residences , there are courtyards and gardens , beds of tulips and mint , corn and tomatoes . Families host one another . They serve sweet tea and strong coffee , and pretend not to notice each other 's chipped cups . The young , meanwhile , get on with the business of youth . They fight and date , love and marry . The birds and the bees are flourishing in Zaatari . Dozens of babies are born each week . Some of the streets are now lined with trees .
Some Syrians have made the long journey to Europe , but most do n't run far . Among them , some are housed in this Zaatari camp .
The next step is infrastructure : real water and sewage systems , a solar field , automatic banking machines , camp-wide wireless Internet . All these projects are planned or already underway . But the lessons of Zaatari are n't easy to implement elsewhere . Not far away , in the fenceless expanse of Jordan 's northeastern desert , there 's a second camp for Syria 's refugees . It 's known as Azraq , and in every way that Zaatari is makeshift , Azraq was planned . The next step is infrastructure : real water and sewage systems , a solar field , automatic banking machines , camp-wide wireless Internet . Every new arrival got a welcome kit and a trip to an on-site supply store . Inside , the new families found a map of the camp , mattresses , lanterns , waste bins , buckets , gas burners — all the supplies a person could need . There was also security , healthcare , and a vast supermarket from day one . Plus , the residences are larger , with higher ceilings , pitched roofs and ventilation . The cabins are arranged in groups of six , which combine into four distinct `` villages . ''
The average stay in a refugee camp is 12 years .
The idea was to keep friends and families close together , and settle regions of people with their own former neighbors . The idea was autonomy and dignity , the secret of Zaatari 's relative success . But despite the effort , Azraq remains chronically empty . It was built to house more than 100,000 people , but it 's never had more than 30,000 residents . Zaatari 's population is also down to below 80,000 people , almost half its peak .
A truck drives through the camp , repairing fixtures on the site . All these projects are planned or already underway , and at times , it is more expensive to be temporary .
Young refugees stand near the street . Each new arrival receives a welcome kit and a trip to an on-site supply store .
This is not good news . It 's not a sign of success or an indication that Syria is healing . There are only three options for refugees : they can go home , they can stay in a camp , or they can be resettled in a third location . So where are the people of Zaatari and Azraq going ? Resettlement is considered the safest solution . It 's also become the least likely . The United Nations makes the first cut , advocating on behalf of the most vulnerable 10 percent of all refugees .
Clothes are left to dry on a clothing line in the Zaatari camp .
Of the roughly 4.5 million Syrians on the run , more than 150,000 have been offered spots in a new country . That 's approaching five percent .
Zaatari is undeniably alive , a genuine community despite it all .
The other 90 percent are on their own . Most of the lucky 10 percent will end up on their own , as well . In fact , of the 20 million U.N.-designated refugees in the world right now , fewer than one percent will be officially resettled , according to the U.N. 's own data . If they 're Syrian , the resettlement rate is trending a little bit higher . According to another U.N. estimate , of the roughly 4.5 million Syrians on the run , more than 150,000 have been offered spots in a new country . That 's approaching five percent .
The people in Zaatari never expected to be there for even this long . Many doubted the need for a camp at all .
Still , that leaves millions of Syrians to make a new life as best they can . For most this means living in a camp like Azraq or Zaatari , or in similar camps in Lebanon or Turkey . But Syrians seem unwilling to accept the new model of a long-term refugee camp . That 's why the populations of Azraq and Zaatari are flat or falling . Residents are opting to go back to Syria , back to the raids and the bombings . Or they 're escaping into wider Jordan and other countries , where they 'll have no papers , and no right to work . Most will be marginalized for life .
Of the 20 million United Nations-designated refugees in the world right now , less than one percent will be officially resettled .
A group of refugees prays inside of a mosque .
The Dutch financial regulator has issued a new warning to investors about the risks linked to initial coin offerings ( ICOs ) .
The Netherlands Authority for Financial Markets ( AFM ) released a statement this week detailing the risks that they present to investors , claiming they provide the ideal environment for scammers .
In a statement , Merel van Vroonhoven , chairperson of the AFM , said :
“ Although the AFM sees the possibilities of blockchain technology for financial services , it points to the high risks of ICOs in the current hype . The high risk of scams and loss of intake combined with the hype around ICOs at the moment is a dangerous cocktail . ”
According to the AFM , ICOs are risky to investors for several reasons . These include overestimated returns while projects remain in the early stages of development ; most private investors lack the specialist knowledge and expertise to make a considered investment decision ; many people invest with a speculative goal ; and ICO providers fail to disclose the value of the project , making it hard to distinguish between legitimate and fraudulent intentions .
Aside from the warning about the risk that ICOs present , the AFM has also warned investors about the risks associated with investing in digital currencies . In June , the financial regulator released a statement saying that the rising popularity in the crypto market along with its increasing prices were showing ‘ similarities with a financial bubble . '
At the time , it said :
“ With a bubble , prices may increase for a long time , but a small event , such as a negative news release , can suddenly split up . Realize that prices can unexpectedly and rapidly collapse . ”
The ICO warning from the Dutch regulator comes at a time when the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) said earlier this month that celebrity endorsements of ICOs ‘ may be unlawful . '
The likes of boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. , hotel heiress Paris Hilton , DJ rapper Khaled , football manager Harry Redknapp , and football player Luis Suarez have all endorsed ICOs ahead of their token sales .
Yet , according to the SEC :
“ These endorsements may be unlawful if they do not disclose the nature , source , and amount of any compensation paid , directly or indirectly , by the company in exchange for the endorsement . ”
The growth of ICOs has taken off over the last 18 months and is set to continue . According to financial research firm Autonomous Next , token sales have raised over $ 3 billion . However , despite warnings from several regulators , Coinschedule shows that there will be a further 100 ICOs launched between November and December .
Charles Hoskinson , one of Ethereum 's co-founders , said in July , that there was an ‘ over-tokenisation of things ' and that ‘ people are blinded by fast and easy money ' through ICOs .
“ The earliest evidence we have of tattoos , not surprisingly , is cosmetic , ” says Lars Krutak . Tattooed on the upper lip of a 7,000-year-old mummy from the Chinchorro culture of northern Chile and southern Peru is a thin pencil mustache . “ But , the second oldest we have is medicinal , ” they add .
Krutak , sitting at their desk in the bowels of the National Museum of Natural History , is referring to Ötzi , the 5,300-year-old mummified “ Iceman , ” so named by researchers because they were discovered in the Ötztal Alps on the Italy-Austria border in September 1991 . The preserved body has a total of 57 tattoos—short lines etched in groups on their lower back and ankles , a cross behind their right knee and two rings around their left wrist .
“ Incredibly , approximately 80 percent of these tattoos overlap with classical Chinese acupuncture points utilized to treat rheumatism , a medical condition that plagued the Iceman . Other tattoos were found to be located on or near acupuncture meridians that may have had the purpose of relieving other ailments , like gastro-intestinal problems , ” writes Krutak in their latest book , Spiritual Skin : Magical Tattoos and Scarification , published this fall . The Iceman had a whipworm infection , researchers discovered in 2001 .
Krutak works as a repatriation case officer in the museum 's anthropology department , returning human remains , funerary objects and sacred and ceremonial objects to Native tribes in Alaska . But , in addition to these duties , they are an expert in the anthropology of tattoos . As an undergraduate at the University of Colorado , Boulder in the early 1990s , Krutak studied art history and anthropology . “ Those two things have always been a passion of mine , and tattooing is one way for me to connect both of them together , ” they say . In 1998 , they received a master 's degree in anthropology from the University of Alaska , Fairbanks , and , by 2009 , they had earned a doctorate in the discipline from Arizona State University .
Krutak 's introduction to tattoos happened during their graduate school years . For their master 's thesis , they studied a traditional tattoo technique called skin-stitching , performed by the Yupiget women on St. Lawrence Island off the coast of Alaska in the Bering Sea . Skin-stitching is literally sewing geometric designs into the skin ; Krutak calls it “ epidermal embroidery. ” Through interviewing the last remaining women who still practice the art , they also learned that the St. Lawrence Island Yupiget had historically used a therapeutic tattoo method that resembled the joint markings on the Iceman . “ It 's a form of tattoo puncture , or acupuncture but leaving behind a pigment , ” says Krutak . The residue was thought to be “ a magical pigment believed to shut down passageways into the souls of the body , ” they explain .
Since this first exposure , Krutak has felt an urgency to study other tribal tattoo and scarification traditions . They feel it is a race against time to get to indigenous communities in remote places across the world before these last tattoo artists and their oral histories—along with their traditional medical techniques—vanish .
Tattooing is “ part of our world 's cultural and artistic heritage , ” Krutak says . Maybe it is a by-product of their day job , but Krutak strongly believes that in a world where tattooing has become a multi-billion dollar industry , we should be recognizing and honoring the art form 's roots . To communicate the knowledge they gather , the cultural anthropologist has published several books , filled with photographs that showcase the artistic ability of individuals who create intricate tattoos with natural inks and tools , such as thorns and sharpened bamboo sticks .
Though only one dark dot on the back of their hand is visible when they are dressed in business attire , Krutak has transformed their own body into a canvas depicting the many tribal tattoo techniques they have studied . They have been hand-tapped by the Iban people of Borneo with needles , the Kalinga of the Philippines with thorns and the Mentawai of Indonesia with nails . They have been poked by Buddhist monks in Thailand and pricked by the Kayabi of the Brazilian Amazon with palm thorns . Then , there is the skin-stitching and scarification : Krutak has received more than 100 skin-stitched tattoos and about 1,000 scars , the remnants of incisions made with razors , blades and knives .
Such experiences “ help me in some sense when I 'm writing and trying to understand what they mean for the peoples who created them , ” explains Krutak . “ Obviously , I can never be a member of these tribes just because I get a tattoo . But , it gives me some sense of the transformation that takes place . ”
Oh , they add , “ And the pain , for sure . ”
While filming Tattoo Hunter , a 10-part Discovery Channel series that aired in 2009 and 2010 , Krutak took part in a “ crocodile cutting ” ceremony with the Kaningara of Papua New Guinea . A rite of passage for Kaningara boys becoming men , the ceremony involves an elder cutting a massive pattern of small incisions on a participant 's chest and back . “ After 450 plus cuts , my entire chest felt like it was on fire , ” writes Krutak in Spiritual Skin . ( If you do n't believe him , watch them bear the pain in this episode capturing the process . ) River mud is applied to the fresh cuts , which causes them to become infected . The overall effect—in both look and touch—is reminiscent of the scales on a crocodile . The Kaningara believe that with this scarification they appropriate the powers and knowledge of the crocodile spirit .
So certainly tattoos have a spiritual tradition . But medicinal ?
Colin Dale , a tattooist in Copenhagen , Denmark , has mastered several traditional forms of tattooing . They have personally sewn all of Krutak 's skin-stitches and shares the anthropologist 's interest in medicinal tattoos . Last year , in fact , for the 20th anniversary of the Iceman 's discovery , Dale conducted a small test , tattooing David Schütze , a client plagued by asthma , rheumatism in several of their joints , headaches , tinnitus in their ear and a loud snoring habit , with marks similar to Ötzi 's and in many of the same spots . Dale had an acupuncturist on hand to recommend locations that aligned with certain acupuncture points . After three months time , Schütze reported that just about all of their pains and symptoms had noticeably eased , if not completely disappeared . By a year , some had returned , but nowhere near the original intensity . The acupuncturist , Irg Bernhardt , compared the results of the one tattooing session to 10 to 15 acupuncture treatments . “ In my estimation , this project shows that tattooing of acupuncture points a sustained therapeutic effect , ” said Bernhardt in Spiritual Skin . “ And not just for a short period of time , since it actually seems to work for the long term . ”
Besides the St. Lawrence Island Yupiget women , Krutak has found two other groups that continue to practice therapeutic joint tattooing 5,300 years after the Iceman lived . Last spring , in Borneo , they met some Kayan men and women who had dots tattooed on their wrists , ankles and knee caps . When they asked about the tattoos , the Kayan explained that whenever they sprained a joint , one woman in their clan would tattoo dots on the swollen area and full mobility would typically return within a week . Krutak noticed that some of the people who had experienced multiple sprains had layers of tattooing . ( Actually , Krutak and others believe that the Iceman 's tattoos may have been applied on several occasions , since they are so clear and dark to this day . ) More recently , the anthropologist spotted joint tattooing among the Inland Aroma people of Papua New Guinea .
Krutak suspects that medicinal tattooing of this type arose in many places simultaneously , as opposed to diffusing from one specific location . Whether by accident or experimentation , people found tattooing to relieve their ailments , they say .
As one can imagine , there may be “ many more possible relationships and connections between organs , points , joints , and tattoos that are waiting to be discovered , ” Krutak notes .
We just got our hands on two images of RIM 's upcoming BlackBerry phone , the BlackBerry Z10 .
The source who provided the images says he 's been testing two variants of the phone recently -- one on Verizon and one on AT & T . In one of the photos , you can see Verizon 's branding on the front cover of the phone .
RIM will formally unveil the Z10 and the new BlackBerry 10 operating system at a big press event on January 30 .
Here are some initial impressions of the BlackBerry Z10 and BB10 from our source :
The build quality is really nice . The back cover feels rubbery and snaps on sort of like the back cover on Samsung 's Galaxy S III .
The screen looks great .
The web browser is very quick , just as fast as a desktop browser . It also supports Flash .
You can set up separate profiles for work and personal use . This is good for people who want to use one phone for business and play .
It integrates with Evernote .
The new AppWorld store looks a lot like the Google Play Store for Android apps .
It only takes one minute to boot up .
Michael Franklin , CTV Calgary
Calgary Police are looking for more information about three people who they believe are connected to a stabbing in October .
At around 3:30 a.m. on Sunday , October 20 , police were called to a nightclub in the 1300 block of 10 Ave. S.W . for reports of a fight .
When they got there , a 23-year-old man was found suffering from multiple injuries , including stab wounds .
They were transported to hospital in life-threatening condition .
Police are looking for three people :
Suspect # 1
Asian descent
20 to 30 years old
Short black hair
They were wearing black rimmed glasses , jeans , a dark shirt , and a black , zip-up hoodie
Suspect # 2
Asian descent
20 years old
Short black hair
They were wearing dark pants , and a dark winter jacket with a fur-lined hood
Suspect # 3
Asian descent
20 to 30 years old
Short black hair
They were wearing blue jeans , a black shirt , and a black jacket
Anyone with information about the identity of the three men in the photos is asked to call police at 403-266-1234 , or Crime Stoppers anonymously using any of the following methods :
TALK : 1-800-222-8477
TYPE : tttTIPS.com
TEXT : tttTIPS to 274637
There 's no friend like a dog friend .
Bruno , a chocolate Labrador retriever from the Canadian province of Saskatchewan , was rescued after spending 27 days trapped at the bottom of a well — and they have a canine buddy to thank .
“ As of today they are starting to feel a bit more like their old self , ” Jill Desautels , the daughter of Bruno 's owners , told The Huffington Post in a Facebook message . “ He 's pretty goofy ... he got in ‘ trouble ' today for chasing a cat in the [ vet ] clinic which they were happy to see . ”
Jill Desautels Bruno , recovering at the Western College of Veterinary Medicine in Saskatoon .
About a week ago , things were n't looking so hopeful for the friendly dog . Cindy and John Billesberger , Bruno 's owners , had been searching for their missing pet for almost four weeks , calling vet clinics and shelters to no avail . They were especially worried after the temperature plummeted and it began to snow , Cindy told CTV News .
But on Oct. 14 , they were walking their two other dogs when one of them — a female yellow Lab named Esme ― stopped in one spot and would n't budge . As it turned out , they were standing near a 10-foot-deep abandoned well . Inside the well was Bruno .
Desautels said that Esme , Bruno and a third lab named Luna “ do everything together ” and have a strong bond . And things had n't been the same since Bruno disappeared .
Cat Billesberger Esme , the yellow Lab , plays with Bruno and Jasper , a black Lab who died since this photo was taken .
“ My parents said they noticed a change in the other pups once Bruno went missing , ” they said . “ They were a bit off , almost depressed . ”
But even though they were found , Bruno was n't out of the woods yet .
“ I 'll never forget what they looked like , ” Cindy told ABC . “ He looked like a skeleton with skin . They were caked in mud and their skin had deep rashes from standing in that murky , wet environment for so long . ”
Cat Billesberger
Despite their rough shape , Bruno 's fighting spirit proved “ everyone who doubted them wrong , ” veterinarian Catherine Colodey of Prairie Animal Health Centre told ABC . They believe Bruno , who was severely dehydrated , survived by eating snow at the bottom of the well , they told the outlet .
The 7-year-old pup was ultimately transferred to the Western College of Veterinary Medicine at the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon to get specialized treatment .
Now he 's doing “ much better , ” Desautels told HuffPost , explaining that he 's eating more food on their own and their blood work is coming back normal .
Cat Billesberger Bruno recovering .
Desautels said their parents are grateful to the “ amazing ” veterinarians at the different clinics who have helped Bruno . On top of that , regular people who have heard their story have stepped up to offer help , said Cat Billesberger , John and Cindy 's daughter-in-law . Billesberger told HuffPost that the college is aiding with the cost of physical therapy , a pet food company has offered to cover food costs and people have offered them places to stay in Saskatoon near the vet clinic , which is five hours from their home .
“ Amidst Bruno 's recovery is a side story of human compassion & willingness to help , ” they said in a Facebook message .
In the month or so that follows San Diego Comic-Con , things can get a little hazy . Stories can fall away , and there 's some serious catching up that comes after the fervor and madness .
Case in point : When Warner Bros. and DC Entertainment released its extremely vague movie schedule last week , I speculated that one of the dozen or so movies set for release could be a Justice League Dark movie directed ( or at least produced ) by Guillermo Del Toro . It 's a project del Toro has been talking about for a couple years . Now it seems like all but a done deal , if Del Toro 's Comic-Con interview with IGN is much of an indication .
Skip ahead to the nine-minute mark in the video above and you 'll hear Del Toro discuss the project , which they say is being planned as a feature film ( the Facebook fan who asked the question proposed it as a TV show or Netflix offering ) .
`` We are deep in the screenplay writing phase , '' they said . `` I think we see eye-to-eye , Warners and DC and myself , on what the movie is . I think it 's really , really well served as a movie . Then you can expand it . ''
Del Toro outlined their team line-up for the film : Demon , Deadman , Swamp Thing , Zatanna , Constantine , and this curveball : The Floronic Man . Though there are reportedly plans for The Spectre to show up on the Constantine TV series , Del Toro said they likely would n't be in the Justice League Dark movie .
Del Toro said the TV and movie universes are intended to remain separate , which is in line with statements from DC Chief Creative Officer Geoff Johns , though Del Toro also said they were open to casting Constantine 's Matt Ryan as the movie version of John Constantine . He 's a pretty flexible guy .
Check out the full video for info about Pacific Rim 2 and the outside possibility of a Hellboy 3 , which Del Toro said he 'd be excited to make , but which the money guys just do n't want to pay to produce .
This week marks Ted Williams ' first on the job - and the former disc jockey 's first steady employment , in radio or otherwise , since 1993 . The week also marks five years since Williams was introduced to millions around the world through an online 'Dispatch ' video showcasing the panhandler 's unexpected `` golden voice . ''
During a high-energy `` praise break '' while on the air , Ted Williams clapped their hands and nodded their head to upbeat gospel music , barely able to contain themselves to a chair .
The jokes and laughter that followed were broadcast live as part of a new weekday program starring Williams on WVKO-AM ( 1580 ) , the same Columbus station where they began a radio career in the 1980s before addictions to drugs and alcohol took the popular local personality from the studio to the streets .
This week marks their first on the job - and the former disc jockey 's first steady employment , in radio or otherwise , since 1993 .
> > Video : Ted Williams back in steady radio job
The host was back in the zone .
`` See how God works ? '' a sober Williams said on Thursday morning , speaking into a microphone as calls and Facebook messages trickled in from folks as far away as Australia and England .
`` It 's come full-circle . Thank you , Jesus . ''
The week also marks five years since Williams was introduced to millions around the world through an online Dispatch video showcasing the panhandler 's unexpected `` golden voice . ''
The video went viral .
> > Watch original viral video
Williams ' brush with overnight fame , though , was n't a Cinderella story . The depths and damage of their longtime demons played out publicly - from Dr. Phil appearances and family altercations that made the tabloids to a tense reunion with their long-estranged mother on national television .
`` I 've had so many frustrating situations occur , '' Williams said .
Nor did the exposure yield material comfort .
In October 2014 , the last time Williams spoke with The Dispatch , they said they were living in a Near East Side apartment with no furniture . They owned no car and could n't explain what had happened to a $ 395,000 advance for their 2012 memoir , A Golden Voice : How Faith , Hard Work and Humility Brought Me from the Streets to Salvation ( his finances , they said today , are `` nobody 's business . '' )
The public , then , might discount the odds of their latest endeavor .
`` God knows I 'm not here to focus on everybody 's approval of me as a person right now , '' Williams said . `` I 'm focusing on the imperishable part of me . I want to be right with God when I leave here . ''
He 's now living on the West Side with their daughter , Tangela Pullien , and their longtime girlfriend , Kathleen Chambers - who , like Williams , has battled drug addition and also attended a rehab program paid for by Dr. Phil McGraw .
Williams said they lost out on millions because of inexperience and dishonest managers who did n't have their best interests at heart as opportunities to use their honeyed baritone arose . They declined to elaborate .
Bret Adams , a Columbus lawyer who most recently represented Williams and housed them in a Dublin condo , also would not share details of their split .
At 58 , Williams again is trying to move forward .
> > Read more stories about Ted Williams
Helping with the latest chapter is their new manager , Scott Anthony . The 37-year-old co-hosts Williams ' morning radio show , offering a young and streetwise counterpart to their elder 's wide-eyed , often-hammy world view .
The relationship is still new .
`` He 's definitely changing ; he 's getting better , '' said Anthony , a producer and recording artist from the North Side . `` It 's still a journey to teach them to be a responsible person with their finances . ''
Compensation for the WVKO show - a mix of inspirational talk and contemporary gospel music that airs weekdays from 6 to 10 a.m. - comes from commercial sponsorships sought by Anthony , not via the East Side broadcaster .
Williams , meanwhile , has other sources of income : A longstanding partnership with Kraft Foods ( purveyors of their signature `` You know you love it '' tagline ) begat a recent spot for its Star Wars-themed macaroni . And Williams was tapped by Pepsi to supply voice-overs in a commercial that aired during the popular Fox drama Empire .
Williams said that they have n't used drugs since Aug. 6 , 2011 .
Getting up for a job each morning has supplied some much-needed normalcy : `` The sense of routine , the sense of belonging - all of that is coming back . ''
Despite Williams ' rough past and rocky recovery , WVKO general manager Mel Griffin said they did n't struggle with the decision to bring them aboard .
`` We teach and preach about giving second chances ; sometimes we 're given third and fourth and fifth chances , '' said Griffin , 65 , who also leads a nondenominational church in Pickerington .
`` We all have issues and problems . ''
Griffin , who worked alongside Williams in the early 1990s at the former Miracle 106.3 ( then WCKX-FM ) - the last station to employ Williams - said the early feedback is encouraging .
`` People are just happy to hear their voice and know they are working . ''
Anthony said plans are in the works to seek syndication of their morning show and to stream the content as live video ( at present , it can be heard at www.1580thepraise.com ) .
For now , Williams is trying to focus on the radio commitment while keeping up appearances as an unlikely example for those trying , perhaps in repeated attempts , to turn their lives around .
The airwaves offer a catalyst connecting their past and present .
`` I want them to know that I 've been through struggles - and they have , too , '' they said . `` I do n't know what tomorrow will bring .
`` That 'one day at a time ' really means one second at a time . ''
kjoy @ dispatch.com
Scientists at Washington University have worked out how two bacterial strains delay cell division when food is abundant , an understanding that might be used to design drugs that stop division entirely
In 1958 , a group of scientists working in Denmark made the striking observation that bacterial cells are much larger when they are cultured on a rich nutrient source than when they are cultured on a meager one . When they are shifted from a nutrient-poor environment to a nutrient-rich one , they bulk up until they have achieved a size more appropriate to their new growth conditions .
It has taken 60 years to figure out how the bacteria are able to sample their surroundings and alter their cell cycles so that they grow to a size suited to the environment .
In 2007 , Petra Levin , PhD , a biologist , in Arts & Sciences , at Washington University in St. Louis , reported in Cell that a soil bacterium named Bacillis subtilis has a protein that senses how much food is available and , when food is plentiful , temporarily blocks the assembly of a constriction ring that pinches a cell in two to create two daughter cells .
Now Norbert Hill , a graduate student in Levin 's group , reports in the July 25 online edition of PLoS Genetics that Escherichia coli uses a similar protein to help ensure cell size is coordinated with nutrient conditions .
Delaying division even just a little bit leads to an increase in daughter cell size . Once stabilized at the new size , cells take advantage of abundant nutrient sources to increase and multiply , doubling their population at regular intervals until the food is exhausted .
Because both the B. subtilis and E. coli proteins interact with essential components of the division machinery , understanding how they function will help in the discovery of antibiotics that block cell division permanently . A group in Cambridge , England , already is working to crystallize the E. coli protein docked on one of the essential components of the constriction ring .
If they are successful they may be able to see exactly how the protein interferes with the ring 's assembly . An antibiotic could then be designed that would use the same mechanism to prevent division entirely , killing the bacteria .
Why do bacteria get bigger on a good food source ?
Bacteria increase and multiply by a process called binary fission . Each cell grows and then the divides in the middle to produce two daughter cells . What could be simpler ?
But the closer you look , the less simple it becomes . For binary fission to work , the cell must make a copy of its circular chromosome , unlink and separate the two chromosomes to create a gap between them , assemble a constriction ring in the middle of the cell and coordinate the growth of new cell membrane as the ring cinches tight and pinches the mother cell in two . To complicate matters , bacteria do n't necessarily do these steps one by one but can instead work on several steps simultaneously .
Most of the time , the goal is to produce daughters the same size as the mother cell . But when food is plentiful , bacteria start making more copies of their DNA ( as many as 12 ) in anticipation of divisions to come , and they ca n't easily cram all the extra DNA into standard-sized cells . So they grow bigger to accommodate the extra genetic material and remain large as long as the food lasts .
The inventory of partly copied chromosomes fuels rapid population growth , because a cell does n't start from scratch when it needs another copy of its chromosome . Under optimum conditions , E. coli , for example , divides once every 17 minutes . If they are allowed to grow unhindered this means that in 24 hours , 1 bacterium becomes about 5 x 1021 bacteria ( that is 5 with 21 zeros after it . )
How do bacteria know the pickings are rich ?
In B. subtilis and E. coli , the signal is a modified sugar called UDP-glucose . Presumably , the richer the growth medium , the higher the level of this sugar inside the cell .
In both bacteria , UDP-glucose binds to a protein and the sugar-protein complex then interferes with the assembly of the constriction ring . In the case of B. subtilis , the protein is called UgtP and in the case of E. coli , it is OpgH .
“ It 's interesting , ” Hill said , “ that both organisms , which are more different from one another than we are from bakers ' yeast , are using the same system to coordinate changing size in response to nutrient availability . ”
UgtP and OpgH are bifunctional proteins that are “ moonlighting ” as elements of the cell-division control systems . In both cases , their day jobs are to help build the cell envelope . “ We think they are communicating not only how much glucose there is in the cell , but also how fast the cell is growing , ” Levin said . “ The sensor says not only is food abundant , but we 're also growing really fast , so we should be bigger . ”
Both proteins delay division by interfering with FtsZ , the first protein to move to the division site , where it assembles into a scaffold and recruits other proteins to form a constriction ring .
“ Very little is known about the assembly of the ring , ” Hill said . “ There are a dozen essential division proteins and we do n't know what half of them do . Nor do we understand how the ring develops enough force to constrict . ”
“ We do know FtsZ exists in two states , ” Hill added . “ One is a small monomer and the other is many monomers linked together to form a multi-unit polymer . We think the polymers bind laterally to form a scaffold and then , with the help of other proteins , make a meshwork that goes around the cell .
UgtP and OpgH both interfere with the ability of FtsZ to form the longer polymers necessary for assembly of the constriction ring .
When nutrient levels are low , UgtP and OpgH are sequestered away from the division machinery . FtsZ is then free to assemble into the scaffold supporting the constriction ring so the cell can divide . Because division proceeds unimpeded , cells are smaller when they divide .
What about other bacteria ?
This control system helps to explain the 60-year-old observation that bacterial cells get bigger when they are shifted to a nutrient-rich medium .
Comparing the mechanisms that govern cell division in E. coli and B. subtilis reveals conserved aspects of cell size control , including the use of UDP-glucose , a molecule common to all domains of life , as a proxy for nutrient availability , and the use of moonlighting proteins to couple growth-rate-dependent phenomena to the central metabolism .
But much more is known about these model organisms , which many labs study , than the average bacterium . Nobody is sure how many species of bacteria there are—somewhere between 10 million and a billion at a guess—and they do n't all divide the way B. subtilis and E. coli do .
The whimsically named giant bacterium Epulopiscium fiselsoni ( “ Fishelson 's guest at a fish 's banquet ” ) , which lives in the guts of sturgeonfish , has the gene for FtsZ but does n't divide by binary fission . And then there are bacteria like the pathogen Chlamydia traachomatis that do n't have a gene for anything like FtsZ . “ We do n't know how these bacteria divide , much less maintain an appropriate cell size , ” Levin said .
The social media site beats search engine in visits for the first time and was the top search term for the second year in a row .
Mark Zuckerberg continues to have a banner year in 2010 . According to research by marketing analysts at Experian Hitwise , Facebook supplanted search engine giant Google for the first time as the top-visited website of the year .
The social media site accounted for 8.93 percent of all U.S. visits between January and November 2010 while Google had 7.19 percent of visits . Last year , Facebook placed third behind second place Yahoo ! Mail and first place Google .
Facebook maintained its dominance in the most-searched terms category for the second year in a row . It accounted for 2.11 percent of all searches with the term `` facebook login '' moving from the ninth to the second spot this year . In fact , four out of ten of the most-searched terms of 2010 include the word `` facebook . ''
In other categories , Kim Kardashian beat Oprah , Rush Limbaugh , Miley Cyrus and Glenn Beck as the top people search term while Lady Gaga and Dancing with the Stars beat out Justin Bieber and American Idol respectively .
Wide receiver Anquan Boldin , 34 , one of the most respected voices in the 49ers ' locker room , offered an endorsement today when asked about the promotion of defensive line coach Jim Tomsula to head coach .
“ I think it 's a good move , ” Boldin said to Sports Illustrated 's 120sports.com . “ I think he 's a guy that everybody 's familiar with . I think he 's a guy that has a pretty good feel for the locker room , so I think it was a good move . ”
Boldin termed Tomsula a “ great coach ” while highlighting the continuity offered by making an in-house hire .
“ I think for teams to be successful you have to have as much continuity from year to year as much as possible , ” they said . “ And I think hiring coach Tomsula gives us that continuity . The less change that you have , I think , the better chance you have to be successful the following year . ”
Boldin , of course , is n't directly coached by Tomsula , who is very demanding of their defensive linemen . Tomsula has been the tone-setter for a position group that 's known physicality and intense early offseason workouts : “ Oh , yeah , ” Tomsula said of their defensive linemen during the 2013 season , “ they 're in here puking in March . ”
In Boldin 's estimation , though , Tomsula will be less demanding than their predecessor , Jim Harbaugh .
“ I think ( Tomsula will ) be the same way , but they have a pretty good feel for the locker room , ” Boldin said . “ Not saying that coach Harbaugh did n't because I feel like they did as well . I do n't think coach Tomsula will be as tough as coach Harbaugh was . ”
Twitter : @ Eric_Branch
Locals watch at the hole caused by the explosion at Akash Deep Secondary School in Jorpati . Nimesh Jang Rai
Sep 20 , 2016-
Bombs have gone off at three schools in Capital while explosive and suspicious objects have been recovered from five others on Tuesday morning . No human casualties have been reported from the explosions .
Kathmandu police chief SP Bikram Singh Thapa informed cylinder bombs exploded at Akash Deep Boarding School and Manakamana Higher Secondary School in Jorpati , Kathmandu , at around 3:45 this morning .
Suspicious items have been recovered from various schools in the valley . Objects have been recovered from Radiant Readers Academy in Sanepa , Kanchanjunga School in Dallu , Rai School and East Pole School in Boudha and Bal Sansar Secondary School in Jorpati . Suspicious objects were also recovered in Maakalbari .
Nepal Army bomb disposal team have been mobilised on the schools to diffuse the bombs .
Pamphlets of Akhil Rastriya Swatantra Bidhyarthi Kendra and Young Communist Force Nepal have been recovered from the explosion site .
Police , meanwhile , has arrested two suspicious persons . Due to ongoing investigation , police has not divulged any information about the arrestees .
Meanwhile , Pabson , NPABSON and Hissan , associations of private schools , have summoned an emergency meeting at 11 am today .
( All photos : Nimesh Jang Rai )
Published : 20-09-2016 08:23
President Trump now has their own war . The two terror attacks in Iran that left 12 people dead are its opening shots .
ISIS took credit for the attacks , which served its goal of stoking sectarian war . Not coincidentally , the attacks also advanced Trump 's goals of escalating U.S. hostility toward Iran .
Advertisement :
Trump inherited wars in Afghanistan , Iraq and Syria , and a cold peace with Iran based on the international agreement to limit Iran 's nuclear program . Trump is abiding by the agreement while searching for ways to turn the cold peace into a hot war . Their method : commit the United States to take sides in the long-standing political struggle between the Sunni and Shia traditions of Islam .
The Sunni cause is bankrolled by Saudi Arabia , the region 's richest nation , which just bought $ 110 billion worth of U.S. weapons and relegates women to second-class citizenship . The Shiites are led by anti-American Iran , which has the region 's largest population , 17 women in parliament , and a democratically elected moderate president , Hassan Rouhani .
Trump 's visit to Saudi Arabia last month was not a joke about a glowing orb . It was a war council , in which Trump allied the United States with the Sunnis and declared war on the Shiites . And what vital U.S. interest is served by taking sides in a religious civil war waged thousands of miles from American territory ? The answer remains obscure and undiscussed in Washington .
In their May 22 scripted remarks in Saudi Arabia , Trump cited terrorism : `` For decades , Iran has fueled the fires of sectarian conflict and terror . It is a government that speaks openly of mass murder , vowing the destruction of Israel , death to America , and ruin from many leaders and nations in this very room . ''
But all of the terrorists who attacked in Manchester , Paris , New York and Washington were Sunni fundamentalists . None of them were connected with Iran . Iran 's attacks on Americans and Westerners occurred mostly in the 1980s and '90s . Since 2000 , more than 95 percent of terrorist casualties worldwide have been inflicted by Saudi-influenced militants . Trump 's policy is based on a false premise .
ISIS gets a pass
Advertisement :
An ignorant and embattled commander-in-chief has aligned the United States with Saudi 's theocratic monarchy and its international brigade of Sunni foot soldiers , known as ISIS . The militants of ISIS are Wahhabists , devotees of a Saudi fundamentalist tradition , which abhors Shiism , democracy and women 's rights as contrary to the wishes of Allah . ISIS loathes the heretics of Iran even more than it despises the infidels of the West .
As ISIS lost ground in Iraq and Syria earlier this year , it promised ( via a video ) to strike in Iran for the first time . Now ISIS has made good on its threats — and the militants , whom Trump likes to describe as `` radical Islamic terrorists , '' get a pass from the White House .
After ISIS took credit for killing children at a pop music concert , Trump tweeted their rage . After ISIS attacked Iranian tourists and parliamentarians , Trump tweeted about their trip to Cincinnati . The White House later issued a statement that did not mention ISIS or `` radical Islamic terrorism , '' but did say `` states that sponsor terrorism risk falling victim to the evil they promote , '' which is pretty much what Osama bin Laden said after the 9/11 attacks .
The president may be morally bankrupt , but their political message is consistent : do n't criticize Saudi allies who are taking the fight to Iran , at least not by name .
Advertisement :
War is spreading
Trump 's escalation promises more war in a region already punished by armed conflict . Saudi Arabia 's bombing campaign against Iran 's allies in Yemen , waged with U.S.-supplied weapons , has created a humanitarian disaster . The same holds true for Bashar al-Assad 's cruel war on their own people and Saudi-funded ISIS rebels .
Oblivious to the region 's complex realities , Trump fans the flames of war via Twitter .
Advertisement :
Yesterday , Trump took credit for the decision of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf nations to sever diplomatic ties and air travel with Qatar , a tiny wealthy emirate of only 200,000 people . Qatar is the only country in the Gulf that maintains relations with Iran . The goal is to force Qatar to abandon Iran , the better to unify the Sunni countries for the coming conflict .
About Qatar 's isolation , Trump declared grandly :
... extremism , and all reference was pointing to Qatar . Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 6 , 2017
Not quite . Hours later , ISIS struck in Tehran .
Advertisement :
Flashpoints to Watch
The Sunni-Shiite conflict is already spreading to flashpoints where the United States could be drawn into the religious civil war . Two stand out . Al-Udeid airbase in Qatar : The largest U.S. military base in the region is now hosted by a sovereign government with whom the United States , following the Saudi lead , is now virtually at war . The State Department , under the hapless leadership of Rex Tillerson , appeared to be surprised by this development . The U.S. military says its flights in and out of the Combined Air Operations Command will be `` unaffected '' by the sense of crisis pervading the region . The reality is the United States feels the need to issue reassuring statements because the stability has given way to uncertainty under Trump 's provocative policy . Was Trump unaware their actions would raise the threat level facing U.S. forces ? Or did they intend to put U.S. forces on war footing ? No one knows because we have little information about how Trump made their decision . Both possibilities are disturbing . El Tanf in Syria : This city , located on the Syrian-Iraq border , is home to an American base . On Tuesday , U.S. military reported that it attacked allies of the Syrian regime , including Iranian militias , for the second time in three weeks after they ignored warnings to move away from the U.S. base . American commanders on the ground want to prevent the Iranian militias from using the road to El Tanf as a supply line from their Shiite allies in Iraq . That would strengthen their position as they press the fight on ISIS in northern Syria . In other words , the United States is now stepping up attacks on the front-line Iranian forces that are fighting ISIS . To wage war on Iran , Trump 's actions relieve pressure on ISIS . This is new . Before Trump came to office , the U.S.-led coalition focused on ISIS ( also known in the region as ISIL or Daesh ) and did not initiate fighting with Iranian militias also fighting ISIS . That is now changing , thanks to the influence of National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster and Defense Secretary James Mattis , both of whom are hawkish on Iran . Barbara Slavin , Middle East correspondent for Al-Monitor newspaper , stated what is obvious to the region .
hard to believe attacks in Iran after Trump visit to Saudi a coincidence . serious escalation — Barbara Slavin ( @ barbaraslavin1 ) June 7 , 2017
Far from coincidence , the Tehran attacks were the result of the U.S.-Saudi understanding forged last month . While Congress bickers , Trump inflames a religious war and terrorism breaches another frontier .
Cities may struggle to fund and maintain ever-expanding underground systems , report Xin Dingding and Wang Xiaodong in Beijing and Shi Yingying in Shanghai .
China has spent 39 billion yuan ( $ 6.1 billion ) in the past 20 years on its manned space program , which has sent 10 craft into orbit and achieved several notable breakthroughs .
However , even that vast sum would only fund construction of 78 kilometers of subway given the current average cost of 500 million yuan for each kilometer . And for most big cities with a subway , or planning a subway , 78 km is a mere fraction of a network .
So far , 28 cities have had their plans approved by the National Development and Reform Commission . According to those plans , 2,500 km of subway will be built between 2010 and 2015 .
`` Construction will cost at least 1 trillion yuan in total , '' said Chen Xunru , a member of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference , who conducted research into subway construction and delivered a speech on their findings to the CPPCC 's annual meeting in March .
Subway Line 1 in Beijing is one of the busiest in the city . Many Chinese cities are planning to build subways , but some ignore the cost and safety aspects . Jin Song / for China Daily
Experts are concerned that the construction could strain the resources of some city governments and plunge them heavily into debt .
They are also worried that the cities may not have taken account of the possible long-term costs of operating and maintaining the network . Moreover , there are concerns that the large-scale move toward construction has resulted in a shortage of trained professionals , which in turn could lead to reduced safety levels .
China 's first subway went into operation in Beijing in 1969 . Three of the country 's biggest cities - Tianjin , Shanghai and Guangzhou soon followed suit and opened their own systems in the 1980s and '90s .
`` Subways have many advantages , including large-volume transport capacity , high efficiency levels and low energy consumption . They can also save land and boost economic development along the line . Big cities regard subways as an important means of reducing traffic congestion and upgrading their image , '' said Chen .
However , the belief that a subway system is a symbol of a modern metropolis means smaller cities are also keen to build . `` They see subways as their chance to polish their civic image and look like a modern city , '' they said .
Amid the raging competition between many similar-scale cities , some lost their ability to think rationally . `` Some cities are mapping subway networks that will cost their entire combined income for five years , '' they said .
According to Chen , a large proportion of the funds come from the government - usually around 40 percent - and bank loans . `` Subways can barely attract investors , because the ( low ) ticket prices are set by the government to benefit the public , '' they said .
Local governments are likely to shoulder a heavy financial burden if they build subways , said Chen , citing figures indicating that provincial , city and county government debt had risen to more than 10 trillion yuan by 2010 . `` Large-scale construction of subways will pile more debt onto local governments , increasing the financial risks . ''
The NDRC imposed minimum requirements to prevent financially weak cities from building subways : A city must have an urban population more than 3 million , annual GDP must exceed 100 billion yuan , the local government budget must be at least 10 billion yuan , and the one-way traffic flow must reach 38,000 at peak time .
But , caught in the grip of subway fever , some cities have acted inappropriately .
A scene of a collapse at a subway construction site that killed 21 workers in Hangzhou , Zhejiang province , in November 2008 . Gao Erqiang / China Daily
In 2008 , the State Council eased its grip on subway construction in the hope that infrastructure construction would further boost the economy . Zhang Yan , secretary general of the China Association of Civil Engineers , said that some cities manipulated the figures to meet the minimum requirement and obtain the green light : `` Except for those in the first-tier , most other applicant cities submitted exaggerated figures for local one-way traffic flow . ''
Adding to the problems , enthusiastic cities tend to overlook the huge construction costs and overestimate the potential operating income . The heavy financial burden on local governments has crushed some underprepared cities .
`` We 're not just talking about the huge amounts of money involved in building the infrastructure . There are also annual operating and maintenance costs , '' said Yang Di , a manager at Shanghai Shentong Metro Group Co , which owns the Shanghai Metro and is the parent company of the listed Shanghai Shentong Metro Co .
`` It 's just not going to be sustainable for cities such as Nanchang , capital of Jiangxi province , or Kunming , capital of Yunnan province , given their average GDP performance , '' said Yang .
The fact is that it 's difficult to make money from subway operations , and only Hong Kong 's metro system is profitable , they added .
Dragged into debt
Even Shanghai , with a population of 23 million and GDP of 1.9 trillion yuan in 2011 , has been dragged into debt . It has China 's longest subway network , with 11 lines totaling 425 km by January . That 's longer than New York ( 370 km ) and catching up with London ( 439 km ) . The network is set to reach 570 km by 2013 and 877 km by 2020 .
The city has the globe 's fifth-busiest metro network - following Tokyo , Seoul , Moscow and Beijing - with 2.1 billion passengers in 2011 , but the annual income it generates is insufficient to support itself .
Ying Minghong , board airman of Shanghai Shentong Metro Group Co , said that only Line 1 is profitable . The income from ticket sales and advertising covers its daily operating costs , but is not enough to pay for maintenance or the interest on its loans . The city 's other lines are in debt .
Chen said that the interest on bank loans cost the municipal government several billion yuan , not to mention the cost of construction and other outlay .
Shanghai Shentong Metro Co had gross liabilities of 609.7 million yuan by the end of 2011 , according to its annual report . The figure was 262.8 million yuan in 2009 .
However , Yang Di warned that the report did not reflect the overall situation , since only what are deemed `` optimal resources '' are listed as a part of Shanghai Shentong Metro Co .
`` I doubt there are more than five people in our company and the local government who know how much money the Shanghai metro loses every year . The problem is that it 's not a simple mathematical question of adding the government 's yearly subsidy and subtracting the metro 's annual operating costs , '' said Yang .
A slew of State-owned enterprises are responsible for financing , construction , management and operation , according to Yang . For example , Shanghai Shentong Metro Group owns the system and is responsible for maintenance . Meanwhile , Shanghai Shentong Metro Co operates and manages the system , while Shanghai Jiushi Corp and Shanghai Chengtou Corp are in charge of financing .
`` With their individual account books hidden in the dark , it is impossible to know the exact scale of the losses , '' said Yang .
According to a Xinhua News Agency analyst , who spoke on condition of anonymity , the total liabilities of the Shanghai metro exceed 100 billion yuan .
However , the situation is far from unique .
Beijing , with a population of 20 million , has 372 km of subway , which will be extended to 440 km by the end of the year and to 1,050 km by 2020 , according to the Mirror Evening News in Beijing .
The local government donates around 10 billion yuan for subway construction annually and allocates another 2 billion yuan to subsidize operations and maintain the low ticket price , according to Wu Lishun , financing manager at Beijing Infrastructure Investment Co , which is responsible for financing subway construction .
It 's estimated that in 2015 , when the network reaches 581 km , the system will have an operating loss of 4.3 billion yuan , despite the huge traffic volume , Wu said . If depreciation and accounting costs are included , the loss will hit at least 17 billion yuan .
Costly , but not safer
Many cities now spend money on subway equipment that consumes energy and pushes up construction costs , but does n't improve safety , according to Wang Mengshu , of the Chinese Academy of Engineering . Wang , who participated in the design of the country 's first subway line , said that 1 km of subway cost about 400 million yuan several years ago , but the cost has soared in the intervening years . The record is currently held by Xi'an , capital of Shaanxi province , where 1 km of subway costs 800 million yuan .
One reason behind the spiraling cost is that builders blindly seek size and luxury in most cities , said Wang . `` When the first subway line was built in Beijing , the platforms were smaller than 8,000 square meters . Now , none of the new platforms is smaller than 12,000 square meters , '' said Wang .
Wang also noted that recently built subway lines include more than 20 components , some of which they could n't even name . `` But if you look at high-speed railways , which operate faster trains and require more-sophisticated technologies , they include fewer than 10 components , '' said Wang .
Many of components are added out of `` unnecessary safety concerns '' , they said , citing the example of the shield doors that have been widely adopted in newly built subway stations . The doors , which prevent access to the track from the platform , completely seal the train from the outside environment , resulting in much higher power consumption for ventilation . The shield doors are meant to prevent passengers from jumping onto the track , but such incidents have been rare in recent years .
One of the drawbacks of the complex systems is that they use too much energy , with the power to drive the engines accounting for just 30 percent of total energy consumption .
The unnecessary facilities also pose potential hazards to subway operations . `` Once a small problem occurs , the whole line is halted , '' added Wang .
This is partly because decisions about subway construction in many cities are not made by professionals . `` Since the construction of subways in most cities is guided by the government , officials often have the final say in design and construction , instead of the experts , '' said Wang .
The November 2008 collapse of a subway construction site in Hangzhou , Zhejiang province , that killed 21 workers is a good example of the situation , they said . The local government blamed violations of construction regulations and technical failures . `` But I think the accident exposed the serious consequences that can result from excessive interference by government officials in subway construction , '' said Wang , who inspected the accident scene .
`` It normally takes three years to build a subway station of that size , but the construction period for that line was reduced by one-half by the city government , '' they said , adding that local government saw the completion of the subway line as an achievement of its tenure and thus attempted to reduce the construction period .
The CPPCC 's Chen believed that the construction boom has resulted in a shortage of professionals : `` Construction teams in many cities were scrambled to meet a deadline and untrained workers were hired . Safety can not be guaranteed . ''
They suggested that the requirements for subway construction approval should be upgraded . Even if some cities meet the basic requirements , they should not be given the green light if they have problems raising funds or are able to solve traffic congestion by other means , such as improving the existing road network .
Moreover , the decision-making procedure involving subway construction should be more open and the public should be involved to prevent the plans being hijacked by parties with a vested interest , they said .
Contact the writers at xindingding @ chinadaily.com.cn , wangxiaodong @ chinadaily.com.cn , shiyingying @ chinadaily.com.cn
Why mail ( ) is dangerous in PHP
During our advent of PHP application vulnerabilities , we reported a remote command execution vulnerability in the popular webmailer Roundcube ( CVE-2016-9920 ) . This vulnerability allowed a malicious user to execute arbitrary system commands on the targeted server by simply writing an email via the Roundcube interface . After we reported the vulnerability to the vendor and released our blog post , similar security vulnerabilities that base on PHP 's built-in mail ( ) function popped up in other PHP applications . In this post , we have a look at the common ground of these vulnerabilities , which security patches are faulty , and how to use mail ( ) securely .
The PHP mail ( ) -function
PHP comes with the built-in function mail ( ) for sending emails from a PHP application . The mail delivery can be configured by using the following five parameters .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 bool mail ( string $ to , string $ subject , string $ message [ , string $ additional_headers [ , string $ additional_parameters ] ] )
The first three parameters of this function are self-explanatory and less sensitive , as these are not affected by injection attacks . Still , be aware that if the to parameter can be controlled by the user , they can send spam emails to an arbitrary address .
Email header injection
The last two optional parameters are more concerning . The fourth parameter $ additional_headers receives a string which is appended to the email header . Here , additional email headers can be specified , for example From : and Reply-To : . Since mail headers are separated by the CRLF newline character \r
, an attacker can use these characters to append additional email headers when user input is used unsanitized in the fourth parameter . This attack is known as Email Header Injection ( or short Email Injection ) . It can be abused to send out multiple spam emails by adding several email addresses to an injected CC : or BCC : header . Note that some mail programs replace
to \r
automatically .
Why the 5th parameter of mail ( ) is extremely dangerous
In order to use the mail ( ) function in PHP , an email program or server has to be configured . The following two options can be used in the php.ini configuration file :
Configure an SMTP server 's hostname and port to which PHP connects Configure the file path of a mail program that PHP uses as a Mail Transfer Agent ( MTA )
When PHP is configured with the second option , calls to the mail ( ) function will result in the execution of the configured MTA program . Although PHP internally applies escapeshellcmd ( ) to the program call which prevents an injection of new shell commands , the 5th argument $ additional_parameters in mail ( ) allows the addition of new program arguments to the MTA . Thus , an attacker can append program flags which in some MTA 's enables the creation of a file with user-controlled content .
Vulnerable Code
1 mail ( `` myfriend @ example.com '' , `` subject '' , `` message '' , `` '' , `` -f '' . $ _GET [ 'from ' ] ) ;
The code shown above is prone to a remote command execution that is easily overlooked . The GET parameter from is used unsanitized and allows an attacker to pass additional parameters to the mail program . For example , in sendmail , the parameter -O can be used to reconfigure sendmail options and the parameter -X specifies the location of a log file .
Proof of Concept
1 example @ example.com -OQueueDirectory = /tmp -X/var/www/html/rce.php
The proof of concept will drop a PHP shell in the web directory of the application . This file contains log information that can be tainted with PHP code . Thus , an attacker is able to execute arbitrary PHP code on the web server when accessing the rce.php file . You can find more information on how to exploit this issue in our blog post and here .
Latest related security vulnerabilities
The 5th parameter is indeed used in a vulnerable way in many real-world applications . The following popular PHP applications were lately found to be affected , all by the same previously described security issue ( mostly reported by Dawid Golunski ) .
Application Version Reference Roundcube < = 1.2.2 CVE-2016-9920 MediaWiki < 1.29 Discussion PHPMailer < = 5.2.18 CVE-2016-10033 Zend Framework < 2.4.11 CVE-2016-10034 SwiftMailer < = 5.4.5-DEV CVE-2016-10074 SquirrelMail < = 1.4.23 CVE-2017-7692
Due to the integration of these affected libraries , other widely used applications , such as Wordpress , Joomla and Drupal , were partly affected as well .
Why escapeshellarg ( ) is not secure
PHP offers escapeshellcmd ( ) and escapeshellarg ( ) to secure user input used in system commands or arguments . Intuitively , the following PHP statement looks secure and prevents a break out of the -param1 parameter :
1 system ( escapeshellcmd ( `` ./program -param1 `` . escapeshellarg ( $ _GET [ 'arg ' ] ) ) ) ;
However , against all instincts , this statement is insecure when the program has other exploitable parameters . An attacker can break out of the -param1 parameter by injecting `` foobar ' -param2 payload `` . After both escapeshell * functions processed this input , the following string will reach the system ( ) function .
1 ./program -param1 'foobar ' \\ `` -param2 payload \ '
As it can be seen from the executed command , the two nested escaping functions confuse the quoting and allow appending another parameter param2 .
PHP 's function mail ( ) internally uses the escapeshellcmd ( ) function in order to secure against command injection attacks . This is exactly why escapeshellarg ( ) does not prevent the attack when used for the 5th parameter of mail ( ) . The developers of Roundcube and PHPMailer implemented this faulty patch at first .
Another intuitive approach is to use PHP 's email filter in order to ensure that only a valid email address is used in the 5th parameter of mail ( ) .
1 filter_var ( $ email , FILTER_VALIDATE_EMAIL )
However , not all characters that are necessary to exploit the security issue in mail ( ) are forbidden by this filter . It allows the usage of escaped whitespaces nested in double quotes . Due to the nature of the underlying regular expression it is possible to overlap single and double quotes and trick filter_var ( ) into thinking we are inside of double quotes , although mail ( ) s internal escapeshellcmd ( ) thinks we are not .
1 ' a . `` '\ -OQueueDirectory=\ % 0D < ? =eval ( $ _GET [ c ] ) ? > \ -X/var/www/html/ '' @ a.php
For the here given url-encoded input , the filter_var ( ) function returns true and rates the payload as a valid email address . This has a critical impact when using this function as a sole security measure : Similar as in our original attack , our malicious `` email address '' would cause sendmail to print the following error into our newly generated shell `` @ a.php in our webroot .
< ? =eval ( $ _GET [ c ] ) ? > \/ ) : No such file or directory
Remember that filter_var ( ) is not appropriate to be used for user-input sanitization and was never designed for such cases , as it is too loose regarding several characters .
How to use mail ( ) securely
Carefully analyze the arguments of each call to mail ( ) in your application for the following conditions :
Argument ( to ) : Unless intended , no user input is used directly Argument ( subject ) : Safe to use Argument ( message ) : Safe to use Argument ( headers ) : All \r and
characters are stripped Argument ( parameters ) : No user input is used
In fact , there is no guaranteed safe way to use user-supplied data on shell commands and you should not try your luck . In case your application does require user input in the 5th argument , a restrictive email filter can be applied that limits any input to a minimal set of characters , even though it breaks RFC compliance . We recommend to not trust any escaping or quoting routine as history has shown these functions can or will be broken , especially when used in different environments . An alternative approach is developed by Paul Buonopane and can be found here .
Summary
About
So , here 's the story : From day 1 we saw that the size of grampa 's was going to pose some problems . There just is n't enough space for all the beautiful people that want to dine here ( a good problem to have ) . We ca n't make the restaurant any bigger so we decided it would be a good idea to make a `` waiting room '' of sorts . We wanted to create a space that would compliment grampa 's and give our guests somewhere comfortable to drink , socialize and wait for their table .
As we continue to move forward the bar is taking on a life of its own and shaping into something quite beautiful . In addition to serving as a waiting area for guests of grampa 's pizzeria it will also be on the forefront of the drink scene in Madison .
We are exploring all of our options in funding this project ; begging and borrowing from friends , family , banks and state and city organizations but we are still coming up short . Our efforts to maintain the historic integrity of this beautiful house and neighborhood come at a cost and we need your help to bridge the gap and get this project funded . In helping to fund this Kickstarter you will ensure that this project is completed , we simply ca n't do it without you . Thank you all for taking the time to consider donating and please remember to tell all of your friends !
This article is over 10 years old
Activists trying to bring aid to Gaza today claimed their boat had been rammed by Israeli gunboats in a `` criminal attack '' in international waters .
The Free Gaza Movement said its vessel , the Dignity , was intercepted by several Israeli ships as it headed to the Gaza Strip , which has been under Israeli aerial bombardment since Saturday .
One gunboat rammed the Dignity on the port bow side , causing heavy damage , although no one was hurt , the group said .
`` When attacked , the Dignity was clearly in international waters , 90 miles off the coast of Gaza , '' the group said on its website . `` The gunboats also fired their machine guns into the water in an attempt to stop the mercy ship from getting to Gaza .
`` Israel thumbs its nose in the face of maritime law by attacking a human rights boat in international waters and has put all of these human rights observers at risk .
`` At no time was the Dignity ever close to Israeli waters . They clearly identified themselves , and the Israeli attack was wilful and criminal . ''
The group said the attack took place as the Dignity carried 16 passengers and three tonnes of medical supplies at the request of doctors in Gaza .
The crew and passengers had hoped to treat some of those injured in four days of the Israeli air strikes , with hospitals in the territory overwhelmed .
The Dignity later arrived in the Lebanese port of Tyre , where it was met by cheering crowds .
Lubna Masarwa , a Free Gaza spokesperson , said the boat had gone to Lebanon – despite Israeli navy orders that it sail to Cyprus – because of a lack of fuel .
Masarwa said the ship was `` in bad shape '' due to damage sustained in the collision and was taking on small amounts of water .
The Lebanese president , Michel Suleiman , ordered that the Dignity be `` rescued '' and welcomed back in Lebanon .
Markos Kyprianou , the Cypriot foreign minister , told public radio their country would lodge a formal protest over the incident .
They said that although the boat was neither Cypriot-owned nor Cypriot-registered , the fact that it left Cyprus and had Cypriot nationals on board accorded the government `` the right to be informed and to protest '' .
Kyprianou said they had instructed the Cyprus embassy in Israel to lodge the protest .
The Dignity flies the flag of Gibraltar and is piloted by an English captain . Its 16 passengers include Cynthia McKinney , a former US member of congress .
It left for Gaza from Lanarca in Cyprus yesterday . The group said journalists on board filmed the attack .
An Israeli foreign ministry spokesperson , Yigal Palmor , told Reuters there had been no shooting , although two ships had made `` physical contact '' .
Palmor said the boat had failed to respond to Israeli naval radio contact and an Israeli vessel had `` clashed with the ship '' . They said nobody was hurt , and the Israeli ship escorted the aid boat back to Cypriot territorial waters .
Israel declared the coastal territory a closed military zone after it launched air attacks on Hamas targets in Gaza on Saturday in response to Hamas firing rockets into Israel . Israel said the Free Gaza movement boat would not be permitted to dock in the Gaza Strip .
The Free Gaza group has made five boat deliveries of aid to Gaza since August , defying a blockade imposed by Israel when Hamas won control of the territory in June 2006 .
Aid ships for the Palestinian coastal territory often stop at Cyprus before heading to Gaza , opting for the indirect route to deprive Israel of any excuse not to allow them in .
The last boat to make the trip on December 20 carried a Qatari delegation , Lebanese activists and journalists from Israel and Lebanon . Qatar has good relations with both Israel and Hamas .
More than 360 Palestinians have been killed in the Israeli attacks on Gaza since Saturday . In the same period , four Israelis have died in rocket strikes from Gaza .
The UN relief and works agency , which supports Palestinian refugees and has large programmes in Gaza , said 62 civilians were dead at a conservative estimate .
The overall number of injured is thought to be as high as 1,400 although Gazan hospitals are so overcrowded and short of medicine and equipment that they are turning away all but the most seriously wounded .
I have a confession to make . I , Rebel Mom , am an internet junky . Cat videos , love ‘ em . Social media trends , sign me up . I even love me some political rants . Do n't even whisper the words , “ unplug , ” in my presence . If you do , I swear that I will go straight to my Amazon Prime app . and order myself some earplugs , because I 'm not trying to hear it .
So , I suppose that I have a second confession . Much of online world remains a mystery to me . For instance , how do things go viral ? I mean , where do these things originate ? Is there some magic Web God just making it so ? If that is the case , they certainly do like the Kardashians . Well , as it turns out , all of these questions got answered for me last April when my son , Colin , caught Star Wars fever… . and their very own virus .
It started simple enough . They had a new obsession and it was all things Star Wars . I had been down this road before and my husband and I were counting our lucky stars that Elmo 's World had left the building . They have begun with A New Hope , Empire , and Jedi , ( as they should . ) Then they wanted books . They read and read . What parent would put a stop to that ? Literacy AND quiet ? Win . Then it happened…
They read the words , “ Jedi are forbidden to marry. ” This is a huge problem for a 7 year old who has mapped out their entire life . They wanted to spend their days protecting the galaxy , then come home to their wife and younglings . They had midichlorians to pass on , after all ! This was their first major life decision and they were struggling .
I cared , really , but after hearing about it all day everyday… . let 's just say that I was having some pretty Dark-Sided feelings of my own . I handed them a piece of paper and a pen . Then I told them to tell it to George Lucas . They wrote the following :
My annoyance disappeared because , come on… this is adorable . As promised , I sent it off to LucasFilm . STOP RIGHT THERE , STAR WARS GEEKS ! I know what you are thinking . George Lucas sold LucasFilm , therefore would not be answering the letter himself . I know , but give me a break . I was hoping for a form letter that might satisfy my young Padawan . What we got was a bit more . Along with a bunch of toys and books , they received this letter :
Let me tell you , when a Star Wars fan opens their mailbox and sees a package from LucasFilm , the video camera comes out . This is the result .
Months went by without incident . ( Ok , maybe there were a few lightsaber injuries during that time , but not much else . ) Then one day the phone rings , and it is the head of PR for LucasFilm . What could they possibly want with a slave mom from Tatooine… er… uh… I mean… stay at home mom from the suburbs ? It turned out that they still had Colin 's letter . They wanted to talk about it to the New York Times about it and were nice enough to ask if I would be ok with that . ( The Times was doing a story on fan mail . ) We chatted for a bit and I mentioned that I made a video of Colin and their dad opening the package and I could put it on YouTube for the staff to see . The following day , the New York Times called to interview me and I did my best to pretend that I was doing something more exciting than scrubbing the toilets at the time . The Times article was set to come out on a Friday and on Thursday a friend asked if they could share the story with a few bloggers . In the time between saying yes and the Times coming out , my child 's wish to journey the galaxy was quickly becoming a reality . It all started with this article on GeekDad , but went on to Huffington Post , Time , The Nerdist , Laughing Squid , AV Club , MTV , Inside Edition , and hundreds more .
http : //geekdad.com/2015/04/jedi-marry/
My email was filling up and my house was getting dirtier as I tried to manage the madness . Oh , and just fyi , you CAN still get into Good Housekeeping even if you house is a disaster . Just raise a Jedi . Piece of cake .
http : //www.goodhousekeeping.co.uk/news/7-year-old-jedi-knight-writes-george-lucas-brilliant-letter
We even ended up doing a few local news shows…
Now , all the news was not good . As in the wonderful world of Star Wars , there is a Dark Side . I was being hounded by companies asking me to sell the rights to the video . My Facebook page was hacked for pictures , and interviews were posted that were completely fabricated , and let 's just say that some science fiction fans do NOT like their favorite stories messed with . ( Apparently , the wifi is getting better and better in their mom 's basement . Yeah , I said it . ) There were moments when I considered taking it all down . Then my friend , Mike , alerted me to something that they saw while following the story on reddit . It was this comment :
“ I 'm beaten down by life , fairly hopelessly , battling away at incorporeal enemies like health , bills , and depression , so much of me detached from the smaller and simpler person I once was . I 've buried a hundred versions of myself in a graveyard of my mind .
And yet here I sit , tired and sick and not even sure if I 'll make it to The Force Awakens , and a two-minute video of a child getting dollar store-level merchandize in a nondescript brown envelope punches through the veneer of adulthood and brings me all the way down to their level… and for just a single minute I 'm mindlessly happy again . It 's Christmastime and I remember how great it felt . ”
I sat there for a moment . When that video created a life of it 's own and took off , I never considered it anything other than my child 's 15 minutes of fame . I got more and more comments like this one and I realized that this meant much more to me than just being our flash in the pan . When Colin was diagnosed with autism , I was afraid that the autism was all the world would see . No one would ever see them as I see him . No one would notice their constant state of wonder and enthusiasm for life , but there it was in black and white . Colin 's autism was not included in the launch of this story . It was all about him , and they were making the world smile . Someone once told me that someday I would Google my name and the results would show , “ Mother of Colin , ” and it does .
I think that if the most noteworthy thing that I ever do is to raise a child who sets their sights on changing the galaxy , then I think that I can call myself wildly successful . Although , the job may never be done . After all , someday there may be grandchildren .
Note : Raisingjedi would like to thank a few people on this , our launch day . These people have had a hand in spreading Colin 's story in a charming , clever , and respectful way .
Randy Slavey of GeekDad
Terry Ewing and Rusty Blazenhoff
Andrea Lopez and KCRA News
Cody Stark and the lovely people at Good Day Sacramento
Lynn , Cara , and the staff at LucasFilm ( The tour was great ! )
Brooks Barnes of the New York Times
Central California Garrison of the 501st Legion
Stephen Evans , for their help on the website
All of my friends and family who shared the story with love and enthusiasm . Thank you for staying on the path of light and may the Force be with you !
At 2016 is coming to a close , it 's appropriate to look back in order to look forward and see emerging trends for 2017 .
I know things have been a little quiet around here as we hit the busy holiday season full-on . It just now started to dip down enough for me to catch my breath and soak up all the lovely motion design I 've seen in the past year . I admit I was inspired by this Envato article : https : //envato.com/blog/best-motion-graphics-trends-design-2017/ Please check it out for another perspective on motion design trends .
2D Motion Design Trends 2017
1 . Small stage
The Hero 's Journey by Iskander Krayenbosch may have come out last year , but I feel the small stage trend is one that started to catch on this year and will continue into next . I 've seen it used 3d and 2d and is often paired with slick transitions . It 's a good storytelling device to take a peek behind the curtain a bit and reveal the big picture . It can be also useful in connecting many backgrounds and settings in a short amount of time . In the Hero 's Journey , the backgrounds are in a cropped with an iconic track matte to help you immediate recognize a scene from a famous movie and also emphasizing the stages of the journey .
2 . Handcrafted
The handcrafted and handpainted look comes with many different sub-styles and looks that are hot . This first example , “ Airbnb – Love ” by Oddfellows , is using thin lines ( often offset from the solid colors ) , negative space and pastel colors . There 's also looping texture in the background to give a quick and easy little “ rolling boil ” to the piece . There are great transitions that parallax and write-on thanks to the elegant lines that whisk you away to the next scene . Here the look goes hand in hand with the theme of caring , love and helping your neighbor . It 's personal message and so it has a personal look .
Events – Facebook ” by Moth goes a bit in a different direction with gritty textures , hand painted edges and bright contrasting colors . It 's in a chunky printmaker kind of look . It 's meant to accentuate the fun , tropical tone of the piece . Just another take and use for the handcrafted trend .
Handcrafted is not just a trend in the 2D world but it is also emerging in 3D . This video by Art & Craft for the National Lottery is almost kind of Gouache-D.Gouache is a thick water-based paint made famous in the 60 's illustrations . Lot 's of dry brush techniques and layer of colors . There 's a bit of mezzotint grit on some of the scenes , but also heavy on the painted edges . You can see the 60 's influence on the design of the simplified trees as the runner dashes past and transitions to the next scene . It all looks painstakingly illustrated and beautiful , and what better way to say “ Thank You ” . Although this post is mostly about 2D , if felt like this one needed to be included for completion .
Last but not least , is a piece I helped out with a few shots on . This one is by Carbon VFX for Redbull and combines live action sports with 2D Manga and Comic book elements . The 2d styles are lead by the action of the front wheel of the bikes , transforming some of the pieces that it interacts with and bringing them to life in this energized 2d comic book look . The animated elements are meant to highlight the action and tricks , adding an extra layer of visual interest to the piece . Track mattes , outlines , layer styles and heavy used of 2D tracking were used to illustrate this piece . Visit the link to check it out ! Credit to Jake Matthews from Carbon on that beautiful eagle shot !
http : //www.redbull.com/se-en/red-bull-fantasy-line-kenny-balaey-thomas-oehler
3 . High Contrast Cel Animation
I did n't group this in the handcrafted section as cel-style animation , or frame-by-frame is really its own thing . Some will even argue that it does n't fall into the motion design or motion graphic category . I think we 've been seeing a crossover of cel-style with some motion graphic short cuts the past few years which is why it 's worth mentioning . Chuck Taylor by Golden Wolf is an example of a hot trend in simplifying the form with an angular design and using bright , contrasting colors . There are some clever transitions that make this a seamless piece and sort of feel like one-shot which is a total mo-graph-style move . My prediction is that we 'll see a lot more cross-pollination with mo-graph and cel-style this upcoming year .
4 . Data Collage
Glitched-out data-driven collage pieces have never really gone away . We are a tech-obsessed society , so naturally , there will be a need in the motion design world to illustrate that . But the way MK12 animated Watch Dogs I feel this style has turned a corner . There are abstract 3d data visualizations decorated with typical HUD elements that transform into narrative imagery and seamless blend into architecture and geo-locations . All this is constantly moving and smooth , perfectly illustrating select see-and-say parts of the Cinematic .
Check out the breakdown on this feature on motionographer .
http : //motionographer.com/2016/11/16/breakdown-watch-dogs-2-0-opening-cinematic-by-mk12/
5 . Op-Art Minimalism
Minimalism has had a long run as a motion design trend . This example , π , by Somei , is poised to extend that fascination . Butter smooth key framing paired with smart quick cuts , bold design and the play of 2D/3D op-art take this animation to the next level . It illustrates π to mathematic perfection with numerical sequences , bisecting of geometric shapes and the golden ratio of the screen design . This piece took inspiration from a video by Bito so it 's only fair to include that here as well . Bito 's piece leans heavy on the op-art side and kind of sleight-of-hand transitions . I particularly like the inclusion of small people to give it a sense of scale .
6 . 3D and 2D
2016 seemed to me to be the big year of 3D & 2D combos . It was every where you looked . There were loads of tutorial showing how to render 3D with a cel shader to get a flat 2D look , and also how to use renders from C4D seamlessly inside of After Effects . This example is from Apple Films and it uses soft realistic 3d which another trend that is on the rise .
It 's only fitting that this is the last entry in the 2D trend post as I prepare to write about 3D motion design trends for 2017 next week . Please let me know what you think and if I missed anything in the comment section . Cheers ! See you next year !
Need 2D Motion Design ?
We 're here to help ! Send us a quick email to start the conversation and see if we are a good match .
LET 'S GET STARTED
'Walk through any supermarket and take a look at the labels on food products , and you 'll see that many of them contain fructose , often in the form of sucrose ( table sugar ) ' -- that 's how Wilhelm Krek , professor for cell biology at ETH Zurich 's Institute for Molecular Health Sciences , summarises the problem with today 's nutrition . Prepared foods and soft drinks in particular , but even purportedly healthy fruit juices contain fructose as an artificial additive -- often in high quantities . In recent decades fructose spread throughout the food market , due to a reputation as being less harmful than glucose . In contrast to glucose , fructose barely increases blood glucose levels and insulin secretion . This avoids frequently recurring insulin spikes after any glucose consumption , which are judged harmful . In addition , fructose is sweeter to the taste .
But there 's a downside : the liver converts fructose very efficiently into fat . People who consume too much high-fructose food can in time become overweight and develop high blood pressure , dyslipidaemia with fatty liver and insulin resistance -- symptoms that doctors group together under the name metabolic syndrome .
Unchecked growth of the heart muscle
A new paper by Krek and their team member Peter Mirtschink describes a further , more troubling side effect of fructose . The researchers have discovered a previously unknown molecular mechanism that points to fructose as a key driver of uncontrolled growth of the heart muscle , a condition that can lead to fatal heart failure . Their study was recently published in Nature .
When a person has high blood pressure , the heart has to grow as it is harder to pump the blood through the circulatory system . These growing heart muscle cells require a considerable amount of oxygen . However , since not enough oxygen is available to adequately supply the increased growth , the cells switch to an alternative energy supply . Instead of drawing energy from fatty acids , they rely more on an anaerobic process called glycolysis -- literally , the 'splitting of sugars ' . If the heart muscle cells can access fructose in addition to glucose , this can set off a fatal chain reaction .
Flipping the switch for fructose metabolism
In the study , Krek 's research group demonstrates that a lack of oxygen in the heart cells cues the appearance of the HIF molecule . This is a universal molecular switch that flips whenever a pathological growth process is under way , such as cardiac enlargement or cancer . HIF causes the heart muscle cells to produce ketohexokinase-C ( KHK-C ) , the central enzyme in fructose metabolism . KHK-C has a high affinity for fructose and can therefore process it very efficiently . The production of KHK-C also has a reinforcing effect on glycolysis . Since fructose metabolism does n't involve any negative feedback regulation , a vicious cycle starts that can lead to heart failure .
To investigate this mechanism , the researchers used not only mouse models but also biological samples from patients with pathological heart enlargement accompanied by a narrowing of the aortic valve . Samples of heart muscle cells taken by surgeons during heart operations provided the ETH researchers with the means for proving that such cells really do have more HIF and KHK-C molecules . In mice that were suffering from chronic high blood pressure , the researchers turned off the KHK enzyme , which indeed inhibited enlargement of the heart .
One gene , two enzymes
Another fact worthy of note is that the body also contains KHK-A , an enzyme very similar to KHK-C except that it has poor preference for fructose . Both these enzymes have the same genetic code ; the difference between them comes from how a molecular cutting tool tailors their construction blueprint -- their messenger RNA , which is a transcript of the relevant gene . Depending on requirements , one of two blueprints can be generated from the same gene to produce either of two different enzymes . The expert term for this process is 'alternative splicing ' . Krek explains , 'About 95 percent of all human genes are alternatively spliced . It 's a major way to create the extraordinary variety of proteins , enzymes and regulators in the human body . '
Normally primarily liver cells produce the fructose-friendly KHK-C enzyme ; other organs produce almost exclusively KHK-A . Now for the first time , the ETH researchers are showing that even an organ like the heart is capable of producing KHK-C , the more efficient of the two enzymes , if it is exposed to pathogenic stress factors . In the process , HIF activates the molecular cutting tool , or splicing factor , SF3B1 . This molecule is often genetically altered in many types of cancer , which possibly indicates that even the growth of cancer can be affected by fructose .
Normal fruit consumption safe
Large volumes of fructose are added to many foods , but especially to sweet beverages and soft drinks . This practice drove up per capita consumption of high fructose corn syrup in the USA between 1970 and 1997 , from 230 grams per year to over 28 kilograms .
But Mirtschink provides reassurance that eating a normal amount of fruit daily is safe and healthy . 'Besides fructose , fruit contains plenty of important trace elements , vitamins and fibre , ' they say . People should , however , avoid overly sweet soft drinks and fruit juices -- these often have sugar added -- as well as ready-made meals and other foods to which large amounts of fructose are added as a flavour carrier . 'Just this surplus of fructose can help trigger the mechanism we have described if one of the stress factors is present , such as cardiac valve disease or high blood pressure , ' Mirtschink emphasises .
Get the biggest business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
THE OPENING of a wind turbine at a Cardiff renewables factory was yesterday hailed as the realisation of a “ green from green dream ” .
Robert Hertzberg founder of G24 Innovations ( G24i ) in Cardiff said : “ Our vision was to create a truly green company and we started with the idea of expressing what it meant to be green .
“ That meant asking how do you become the new , new thing . Here in Cardiff that is exactly what we are doing .
“ It 's a grand vision which we share with the Welsh and UK governments and it has all the elements of a truly sustainable businesses environment . ”
The 120m tall 2.3 megawatt wind turbine was officially launched by Oliver Letwin MP , Minister of State at the Cabinet Office .
It produces enough electricity to power the entire 23 acre sites and will save more than 2,500 tonnes of CO2 a year .
American Mr Hertzberg said : “ This wind turbine powers the factory to make solar cells making it the first in the world to make renewable energy from renewable energy . ”
They added : “ Today , using the excess power of the wind turbine we are using wind to power vehicles and create a learning centre where children can learn about sustainability . ”
The whole undertaking , Mr Hertzberg explained , had n't been easy .
“ This has been challenging but the fact is we have got this site up and running with the assistance of the Welsh Government , who have been with us since the outset , especially during the planning phase , ” they said .
“ So they have shared our big vision of being a truly sustainable business . ”
The recent downturn in the economy had , they said , brought a tough couple of years from the end of 2008-09 , and its impact on the renewable energy business had made operating in this sector difficult .
“ We are starting a brand-new technology that has never been commercialised . So we have had to reinvent our machines several times , ” they explained .
They added : “ The good news is we have very ingenious engineers here who have built all our machines on site and there is nobody else in the world who can do this .
“ We have people here who are drawing the drawings for our own machine shop where they are built . ”
G24i was , Mr Hertzberg said , on the cusp of a significant breakthrough .
It has , they said , been hard to educate the world when dealing with a new kind of solar technology .
“ But there has been a great deal of evolution in the business and we feel good now , ” they said .
“ When we first launched the business we felt the place to start with a new lightweight solar cell was to go to Africa where people did n't have access to the grid .
“ We found this more difficult than we had anticipated since people and governments did n't have a great deal of money . Governments and other companies , mainly from China , were selling inexpensive solar chargers that did n't work very well and presented us with competition that was difficult to match . ”
Now the focus of the company has shifted to more indoor solar energy appliances like smoke detectors , key boards and phone chargers which people can apply to everyday use .
Mr Hertzberg said that initially funding had come from themselves and their business partner . Now money had been raised through Morgan Stanley Principal Investments ( MSPI ) , investors from Israel and the Netherlands and some subscription agreement for additional funding .
“ The Welsh Government has been helpful , ” they said . “ Initially we made no funding requests but now they have given us employment and other grants . ”
They added : “ It has all taken time but visitors can come here and see we have people who understand the technology and what we are trying to do . They 've cracked the code and although we have fewer employees than in 2008 every single person is a critical element to the operation . ”
Responses , along with other information such as a voter 's preferred language , are punched into mini-VAN , which is linked to the party 's central data base , Liberalist , and where party headquarters can monitor the canvassers in real time . ( Fake data was inputted for the demonstration given to The Canadian Press in order to respect privacy ) .
The party has put as much effort into amassing its volunteer army as it has into analysing the information they collect . Face-to-face contact on the doorstep is still considered the most persuasive means of wooing voters , notwithstanding the avalanche of live and automated phone calls , emails and other instant messaging opportunities .
`` Data analytics right now is sort of a bit of the flavour of the month , '' says Liberal national director Jeremy Broadhurst .
`` But it 's meaningless unless it 's combined with some very long-established , old-fashioned ways of doing politics , which is really about having an army of volunteers . ''
They liken it to riding a horse while using a satellite phone to get directions .
`` The satellite phone wo n't get you very far if you do n't know how to ride that horse . ''
Information gathered by canvassers is combined with publicly available demographic data from the national census , polling results and other data mined from responses to party petitions , email blasts and online and social media campaigns to produce what Liberals refer to as analytics dashboards — complex digital graphs and charts .
Dashboards range from a country-wide overview of Liberal prospects down to a microscopic look at voters in each postal code .
Digital sliders on each dashboard allow organizers to input a host of demographic variables — age , religion , language , income , children , educational attainment , employment status and so on .
Want to see ridings with a 20 per cent Chinese population ? Want to find neighbourhoods heavily populated by families with young children and likely to be most receptive to Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau 's proposed enhanced child benefit ? There are sliders for each of those .
Want to identify potential swing ridings ? Take a chart that ranks the party 's most winnable ridings then use the slider to find out what would happen if the Conservatives gained two percentage points or the NDP dropped two points .
The benefits , in terms of targeting niche audiences or deciding where to expend finite organizational and financial resources , seem obvious .
But while much has been made of the ability of data analytics to slice and dice the electorate into winnable chunks , Broadhurst maintains the importance of micro-targeting is overblown .
A bigger benefit , they say , is the ability of the party to monitor the health of its ground campaign and diagnose problems . Liberal headquarters has used data analytics to assign a health score to each riding , based on factors like the size of its war chest , the number of doors knocked on and number of follow-up phone calls placed .
This can be cross-referenced with winnability rankings to fix problems in ridings are not living up to their potential . Or it might reveal ridings initially thought to be losers but where the local campaign is thriving and where a timely visit by the leader or an influx of organizers could result in an upset .
`` It 's about . . . being able to make smart , strategic decisions that are based on something that is more than just the traditional ways , which was really kind of a combination of high-level polling and kind of gut instinct , '' says Broadhurst .
`` This is really more evidence-based decision making . ''
By Joan Bryden , The Canadian Press
BHOPAL : Eminent lawyer and MP Ram Jethmalani on Friday said that Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav was `` the best candidate available today '' . `` I believe that Akhilesh is the best candidate available today . I work for him . I will work for them till the end . And At least the stupid actions of the father ( Mulayam ) have already been neutralised , '' the former Union Minister said , speaking to reporters here . `` I believe the people of India are today wiser , they will not return the crooks back to power . I wish Akhilesh will succeed , '' they said , answering questions on UP elections . `` He ( Akhilesh ) is clean , '' Jethmalani said , adding that they were expected to win . `` This defeat ( apparently referring to possible setback to BJP ) in UP will be a conclusive prediction of what is going to happen in 2019 , '' said the Rajya Sabha member from Bihar.Asked to comment on Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's whirlwind election campaign , Jethmalani said , `` He is worse , worse , worse . They do n't mean anything . `` About the Assembly elections in Punjab , they said Aam Aadmi Party was expected to win .
( Reuters ) - Morgan Stanley plans to slash 1,600 jobs in what may be just the beginning of a new round of layoffs at large investment banks , this time driven by a deeper reassessment of Wall Street businesses in the face of new regulations and capital standards .
The headquarters of Morgan Stanley is pictured in New York January 9 , 2013 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Morgan Stanley , the sixth-largest U.S. bank by assets , plans to begin letting go of the employees , many of whom work in its securities unit , starting this week , two people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday .
A third person who has been involved with plans to cut staff at Morgan Stanley and other large banks said that Morgan Stanley 's cuts had been in the works for months , and that more are expected in the future .
Large global investment banks have been cutting staff for the better part of five years , when the financial crisis pegged to the U.S. housing market began to seize up markets .
Firms previously focused their job cuts on areas where activity had screeched to a halt , such as securitization of mortgages , or that were explicitly banned by new regulations , such as proprietary trading .
But banks are now making strategic decisions about businesses in grey areas where management teams do not see major profit potential , or realize that their individual banks are not competitive , the third source said .
“ It 's hard to look at yourself in the mirror , and say : ‘ I 'm not good at this , ' ” said the source . But now that management teams are coming to those realizations , they said , they are beginning to make strategic decisions to exit businesses and cut more staff .
So far , the most prominent example of a bank making that kind of tough decision is Swiss bank UBS AG , which said in October that it would exit bond trading altogether and eliminate 10,000 jobs .
TOUGH DECISIONS
Morgan Stanley has said it will not give up on the fixed income , currency and commodities trading business , known as “ FICC ” in Wall Street circles . The firm has said it wants to boost market share in FICC by two percentage points .
But Morgan Stanley is aiming to exit more complex realms of bond trading that require more capital under new regulations .
The latest staff reductions will affect 6 percent of the institutional securities unit 's workforce , which includes the bank 's FICC business . The cuts will target salespeople , traders and investment bankers , the sources said . Support staff who work in areas such as technology will also be affected , the sources said .
Although all staff levels will be affected , the likely targets will be more senior employees who take in the biggest paychecks , and about half of the cuts will come from the United States , one of the sources said .
The cuts are also notable because , unlike its chief rival Goldman Sachs Group Inc , which culls the bottom 5 percent of its workforce each year to improve performance , Morgan Stanley does not have such a staff reduction program .
Some analysts have questioned Morgan Stanley 's plans to gain market share in the bond trading business .
JPMorgan analyst Kian Abouhossein - who earlier said that Morgan Stanley should give up that goal - expects Wall Street banks to report a 10 percent decline in revenue for the fourth quarter , compared with the previous period .
Bernstein Research analyst Brad Hintz , a former Morgan Stanley treasurer , said in a report on Wednesday that layoffs are expected in capital-intensive areas of Morgan Stanley 's fixed-income trading business , such as asset-backed securitization , synthetic products , structured credit and correlation trading .
“ Investors continue to wonder how Morgan Stanley 's fixed income business will be able to generate steady returns and beat its cost of capital without massive changes to its business model , ” Hintz said .
RESTRUCTURING WALL STREET
Morgan Stanley Chief Executive James Gorman has pledged to cut costs , and said in July that they planned to reduce overall staff 7 percent in 2012 . The new job cuts are in addition to that plan , the sources said , and come just a week after Colm Kelleher took over as the sole president of the securities unit on January 1 .
The cuts represent less than 3 percent of Morgan Stanley 's entire estimated workforce at year-end , following other staff reductions in 2012 .
“ This continues the steady drumbeat of negative news from banks , ” said Greg Cresci , a Wall Street recruiter with New York-based Odyssey Search Partners . “ It 's hard to tell where the bottom is , given how many banks have made similar announcements . ”
Altogether , U.S. financial firms announced plans to reduce payrolls by 38,135 jobs last year , in addition to 63,624 job cuts that were detailed in 2011 , according to employment consulting firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas .
“ We are seeing a redrawing and restructuring of the industry , ” said John Challenger , CEO of the firm . “ The map continues to be redrawn in terms of regulation , who the competitors are , and the resources banks are willing to commit to the investment banking business . ”
In addition to earlier job cuts at Morgan Stanley and UBS , Goldman Sachs cut 700 jobs during the first nine months of 2012 as part of a plan to reduce annual expenses by $ 1.9 billion .
Citigroup Inc announced plans last month to cut 11,000 jobs , including some in investment banking and trading , to save $ 1.1 billion in annual expenses . Credit Suisse Group AG is also cutting securities jobs to reach an annual cost-savings target of 1 billion Swiss francs ( $ 1.1 billion ) , while Bank of America Corp is in the process of cutting 30,000 jobs across the firm in a plan unveiled in 2011 to save $ 5 billion in annual expenses .
Morgan Stanley shares fell 0.2 percent to close at $ 19.62 on Wednesday . Its shares are up 15 percent over the past 52 weeks , part of a broad rally in financial stocks .
( $ 1 = 0.9271 Swiss francs )
Defense Sec . Ash Carter said June 30 that transgender service members are `` talented and trained Americans who are serving their country with honor and distinction . '' At a news conference , Carter explained why the Pentagon had chosen to do away with the ban on allowing openly transgender troops to serve . ( Reuters )
Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter repealed the Pentagon 's long-held ban on transgender people serving in the military Thursday , ending a year-long process that was bogged down by internal conflict and concerns among senior service officials about how the change could be made .
Carter said at a news conference that the policy change will take place over the next 12 months , beginning with guidance issued to current transgender service members and their commanders , followed by training for the entire military . Beginning Thursday , however , service members can no longer be involuntarily separated from the services solely on the basis of being transgender , they said .
“ Our mission is to defend this country , and we do n't want barriers unrelated to a person 's qualification to serve preventing us from recruiting or retaining the soldier , sailor , airman or Marine who can best accomplish the mission , ” Carter said . “ We have to have access to 100 percent of America 's population for our all-volunteer forces to be able to recruit from among them the most highly qualified — and to retain them . ”
[ Earlier coverage : Repeal of military 's transgender ban tripped up by internal conflict ]
The decision marks the latest way in which the military has blazed new trails in the last few years on issues that have divided the country . In 2011 , the Obama administration repealed the “ do n't ask , do n't tell ” policy , which prohibited gay service members from serving openly . Last year , Carter lifted a ban on women serving in units in ground combat assignments .
For decades , the Pentagon considered transgender people to be sexual deviants who had to be discharged from service . The military decided last year to move the authority to discharge to higher-ranking commanders , making it tougher to force out those who came out as transgender . Still , many service members have been living in limbo .
The Pentagon chief said that a Rand Corp. study commissioned by the military found that there are about 2,500 transgender service members among the 1.3 million active-duty members of the military and an additional 1,500 among reserve units .
The “ upper end of their range of estimates ” found that there are about 7,000 transgender troops on active duty and 4,000 in the reserves , Carter said . Other organizations studying sexuality , such as the Palm Center , have found that there were about 15,500 transgender service members a few years ago and 12,800 now because of reductions in the overall size of the force .
The decision brought a mixed reaction on Capitol Hill . Rep. Duncan D. Hunter ( R-Calif. ) , a Marine Corps veteran who played a key role in a failed effort five years ago to slow the demise of “ do n't ask , do n't tell , ” discussed what to do with their staff and decided it was better to focus on other issues , according to their chief of staff , Joe Kasper .
“ He 's thought about it . We talked about it , ” Kasper said ahead of time when the announcement was imminent . “ But he 'd likely be alone in the effort . On these issues — most members wo n't touch them with a 10-foot pole . Hunter will , but they ca n't get others on board . ”
Rep. Mac Thornberry ( R.-Tex . ) , the chairperson of the House Armed Services Committee , called Carter 's decision the latest example of the Pentagon and President Obama prioritizing politics over policy .
“ Our military readiness — and hence , our national security — is dependent on our troops being medically ready and deployable , ” they said in a statement . “ The Administration seems unwilling or unable to assure Congress and the American people that transgender individuals will meet these individual readiness requirements at a time when our Armed Forces are deployed around the world . ”
Thornberry and Sen. James Inhofe ( R.-Okla. ) , a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said they would consider legislative options on the subject .
The details of the transgender policy change appeared to strike a compromise between some issues at play . Notably , transgender people who want to join the military will be required to wait 18 months after a doctor certifies that they are stable in their new gender before they can enlist . Defense officials familiar with the discussions have said that the Army and Marine Corps pressed to wait two years , while the Navy and Air Force thought 12 months were sufficient .
Carter , who appeared Thursday without military leaders in uniform alongside him , said the decision to make the change in policy was his . But they added that they tried to build consensus among military officials before forging ahead .
Senior Airman Kiana Brothers waves the pride flag and cheers on participants of the Pride Month 5K at Scott Air Force Base in Illinois on June 24 , 2016 . ( Photo by Tech . Sgt . Jonathan Fowler/ Air Force )
“ I have a general principle around here which is that it 's important that people who have to implement decisions be part of the decision-making , and the armed services are the one who are going to have to implement that , ” they said . “ They 've been a part of this study , but now they are a critical part of implementation . ”
Gen. Robert B. Neller , the Marine Corps commandant , said in a statement that integrating transgender service members will require understanding , coordination and discipline .
“ As we develop our implementation plan , we will pay particular attention to maintaining our readiness and standards , while respecting those who share the esprit de corps to serve as Marines , ” Neller said . “ We fight and win as a team . In that , we will continue to treat all Marines with dignity and respect . ”
Cynthia Smith , an Army spokesperson , said the service will work diligently to develop an implementation plan .
The decision was greeted with jubilation by transgender service members , who have lived in an awkward world over the last year in which Carter noted their difficulties and established a working group to research the issue .
“ We all knew the change was coming ever since they acknowledged our service , ” said Staff Sgt . Patricia King , a transgender member of the Army infantry who recently was assigned to Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state . Them new unit was prepared for them when they arrived and has treated them warmly , they said .
“ All they saw was a soldier and woman ready to do their job , ” King said .
Many policy details still need to be decided , however . Over the next 90 days , the Pentagon will follow up by completing and issuing a commanders ' guidebook for leading current transgender service members and medical guidance to military doctors for providing gender transition care if required for those already in uniform . The Defense Department also will immediately initiate changes so that transgender troops can alter their gender in personnel management systems .
Beginning in October , the services will begin training rank-and-file service members about the change . By no later than next July , the military services will begin allowing transgender people who meet all standards to openly join the military , provided that they are considered stable in their identified gender for 18 months , as certified by their doctor and verified by a military doctor .
[ Earlier coverage : Pentagon can easily drop its ban on transgender troops , study finds ]
After Carter 's announcement , the Defense Department released a new 18-page document outlining one of the most complicated issues involved : Swapping genders while serving on active duty . It calls for the Pentagon and the military departments to institute policies by which service members can do so , and states that if a military medical provider determines it is necessary they will receive treatment .
“ Commanders will assess expected impacts on mission and readiness after consideration of the advice of military medical providers and will address such impacts in accordance with this issuance , ” the document states . It adds that commanders “ will not accommodate biases against transgender individuals . ”
Carter had progressively faced more pressure from advocates for the ban 's repeal over the last few months . They announced last July that they were forming a working group to study the issue over the following six months , but the deliberations extended for nearly a year as service officials raised a variety of concerns .
Defense officials , speaking on the condition of anonymity in order to discuss internal Pentagon discussions , said after Carter 's announcement that commanders will have significant discretion in making sense of how and when gender transition for a service member will occur , particularly if there is gender reassignment surgery involved .
“ Each case is going to be unique , and each piece of treatment is going to be subject to decisions not only by doctors , but by commanders , ” one official said .
California Values Bill SB-54 : What It Is About and Why It is Important to Women
Cherise Charleswell I Women 's Issues I Analysis I August 9th , 2017
California Legislation , particularly health policy and those dealing with public safety , is of great importance to the United States as a whole ; and this is because California has always stood out as a leader and innovator . Other states , and even the Federal government , often look to the precedents set by California , and subsequently go on to pass the same or similar policies . As stated in a 2012 article , California sets trends in health regulation , `` Some advocates tout the state as a forward-thinking vanguard in which its health and safety laws are routinely emulated by other states '' .
In short , California 's laws shape and set standards for the rest of the country .
The California Values Bill SB-54 is often incorrectly referred to as the Sanctuary City Bill . The phrase `` sanctuary city bill '' is inaccurate because there is unfortunately no guarantee of sanctuary in the U.S. City officials do not have the power to outright stop the federal government from deporting people in their communities . Cities and States could merely choose to carry out a symbolic policy - which includes having local police abstain from helping federal authorities identify , detain , or deport any immigrants that entered the U.S. illegally .
What exactly is a Sanctuary City ?
In 1996 , the 104th U.S. Congress passed Pub . L. 104-208 , also known as the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act ( IIRIRA ) . The IIRIRA requires local governments to cooperate with the Department of Homeland Security 's Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) Agency . Despite the IIRIRA , hundreds of urban , suburban , and rural communities have resisted and outright ignored the law , instead choosing to adopt and enact sanctuary policies .
A sanctuary city is a city that limits its cooperation with the national government effort to enforce immigration law . Essentially , sanctuary cities act as a protective shield , standing in the way of federal efforts to pinpoint and deport people at random .
According to recent reports from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , California has the fourth most counties and second most cities considered to have adopted laws , policies or practices that may impede some immigration enforcement efforts . The state of Oregon has the most , with 31 counties , followed by Washington ( 18 ) , Pennsylvania ( 16 ) and California ( 15 ) . Massachusetts has the most cities considered to be `` sanctuary , '' and California follows with three . However , The Los Angeles Times reported that ICE suspended the recently adopted practice of reporting cities that do n't comply with federal detention efforts following error-ridden reports .
The California Values Bill entails the following :
• Prohibit state or local resources from being used to investigate , detain , detect , report or arrest persons for immigration enforcement purposes .
• Ban state and local resources from being used to facilitate the creation of a national registry based on religion .
• Prevent state agencies from collecting or sharing immigration information from individuals unless necessary to perform agency duties .
• Ensure that California schools , hospitals and courthouses remain safe and accessible to all California residents regardless of immigration status .
Why this Legislation and Protection of Sanctuary Cities Is Important to Public Health & Safety
Consider a scenario where there is a serial rapist , but their initial victims were all undocumented and thus unwilling to contact police to report the crime , and this rapist then goes on to harm others - legal citizens .
Would we now find their crime egregious ? Would we now want to remove this guy off of the streets so they can no longer harm others ?
The logical answer would be yes , but it does not dismiss the fact that all other subsequent rapes could have been prevented if the first victim felt safe enough to come forward . This scenario describes the importance of sanctuary cities and the California Values Bill , in terms of public health and safety . It would help to ensure that those residing in the state of California , regardless of documented status , can come forward to report crimes committed against themselves and others to law enforcement .
Why this Legislation and Protection of Sanctuary Cities Is Important to Victims of Intimate Partner Violence
For the same reasons as described as above . Furthermore , abusers use the threat of reporting undocumented victims or even members of their families who may be undocumented , as a means to ( 1 ) ensure that they conceal the abuse and not report them to the police , ( 2 ) force them to return to abusive situations . And the end result of this may be continued abuse and even death at the hands of their abusers .
A civilized society should simply not allow members of their communities to be forced to remain in abusive situations .
Why this Legislation and Protection of Sanctuary Cities Is Important to Victims of Human Sex Trafficking
For transnational victims of sex traffickers ( including those who were trafficked here against their own will ) , the threat of deportation and/or criminalization is used as a tool to keep them silent , subservient , and in bondage . Traffickers make every effort to discourage them from contacting law enforcement , who along with other first responders are among the people who are the first to come in contact with victims of trafficking , while they are still in captivity . Having this population live in fear of exposing their undocumented status simply helps to perpetuate human trafficking .
The following testimony and passage was included in the 2009 US Department of Health 's Study of HHS Programs Serving Human Trafficking Victims :
`` Fear of law enforcement and fear of retaliation . Next , respondents noted that fear is a significant deterrent to foreign-born victims coming forward and being identified , specifically fear of law enforcement and fear of retaliation from the trafficker . In most cases , it was reported that victims were taught to fear law enforcement , either as a result of experiences with corrupt governments and law enforcement in their countries of origin or as a result of the traffickers telling the victims that if they are caught , law enforcement will arrest them and deport them . The trafficker paints a picture of the victim as the criminal in the eyes of law enforcement . Additionally , the trafficker uses the threat of harm against the victim and/or their family as a means of control and a compelling reason for the victim to remain hidden . In some cases , these fears were in fact the ultimate reality for the victim . Service providers gave several examples of clients being placed into deportation hearings after coming forward to law enforcement . ''
So , why do we say `` victims '' of sex trafficking ?
Well this has to do with various factors , including the fact that the domestic entry age is 12-14 years . When one is that young , surely they are unable to consent or engage in any decision-making regarding sexual activity . Further , no one is granted their freedom simply because they have had an 18th birthday . For this reason , victims can be held in captivity and exploited for many years , well into adulthood .
And each year involved in trafficking makes it more difficult to get out . These victims are dealing with stunted development , lack of education and job skills training , drug abuse and mental illness related to the complex trauma that they have endured , and threats of violence and death for even trying to escape . There is nothing sex positive about these circumstances , and those who are the most vulnerable are people of color , LGBTQ folks ( especially transgender women who engage in survival sex ) , low-income individuals , and of course immigrants . The `` Pretty Woman '' fantasy does not apply here .
One has to keep in mind that , due to socio-cultural reasons and the effects of exploitation , victims of all forms of human trafficking do not readily identify as victims .
Traffickers use the following methods to recruit :
Traffickers and/or pimps rely on various methods of recruitment , and they include :
Psychological manipulation - making a woman/girl fall in love
Debt
Drugs and drug addiction
· `` Gorilla '' Pimping - utilization of force , kidnapping , and physical harm to achieve a victim 's submission
· Working with Those in Positions of Authority - parents , guardian , older siblings , foster parent , or an authoritarian figure who forces a victim into bondage .
The Trafficking Victims Protection Act ( TVPA ) of 2000 actually defines severe forms of trafficking in persons as that which a commercial sex act is induced by force , fraud , or coercion , or in which the person induced to perform such act has not attained 18 years of age ; or the recruitment , harboring , transportation , provision or obtaining of a person for labor or services , through the use of force , fraud or coercion for the purpose of subjection to involuntary servitude , peonage , debt bondage , or slavery ( 22 U.S.C . § 7102 ) .
What Next ?
Whether you are a resident of California or not , you should contact California legislators and encourage them to support this Bill .
A list of California legislators can be found here .
For more insights and tips , see the guide H ow To Lobby The California State Legislature : A Guide To Participation .
OTTAWA — NDP brass are taking a second shot at jettisoning some of the socialist baggage that many — including Leader Tom Mulcair — feel might hold them back in the next federal election .
A committee of senior NDP members is recommending the party modernize its guiding statement by making it less ideological and dropping most of its many references to socialism .
A proposed rewrite of the opening lines of the NDP constitution was sent to party members Wednesday , in advance of next week 's policy convention in Montreal .
At the last convention two years ago , attempts to do away with the word socialist from the preamble split the rank-and-file , even though the idea was endorsed by former leader Jack Layton .
The existing statement outlines the “ principles of democratic socialism , ” including the concepts of “ social ownership , ” “ social planning , ” and the idea that goods and services should be directed toward the people “ and not to the making of profit . ”
A committee that includes former Manitoba MP Bill Blaikie , former leader Alexa McDonough and former leadership candidate Brian Topp came up with a compromise . Blaikie , in particular , was one a key opponent to moving away from mentioning the party 's ideological roots .
The proposal is a much longer preamble , makes just one mention of the party 's “ social democratic and democratic socialist traditions . ”
Mulcair has made it clear they do n't care for the “ 1950s boilerplate ” language used by the NDP , and that it needs to reach out beyond its usual far left-wing base .
They have tried to move the party further to the centre to make it more competitive electorally , and that includes trying to portray their party as having sound economic policy .
The proposed text is not nearly as unfriendly to business and the free market as the existing one .
New Democrats affirm a role for government in helping to create the conditions for sustainable prosperity , ' says the proposed preamble
“ New Democrats affirm a role for government in helping to create the conditions for sustainable prosperity , ” says the proposed preamble .
“ We believe in a rules-based economy , nationally and globally , in which governments have the power to address the limitations of the market in addressing the common good , by having the power to act in the public interest , for social and economic justice , and for the integrity of the environment . ”
The NDP 's policy convention is being held the same weekend that the Liberals elect their new leader .
Family members of those killed by police officers come together to speak out against Brooklyn District Attorney Ken Thompson .
The family of Akai Gurley and other victims of police brutality gathered Saturday at a remembrance ceremony for Nicholas Heyward , Jr. , a 13-year-old boy who was fatally shot by a housing cop in 1994 in Brooklyn .
Heyward 's father , Nicholas Heyward , Sr. , says their son was playing with a toy gun when they were shot and wants the officer who shot them to be prosecuted .
They say he 's been frustrated by the efforts of previous Brooklyn DA Charles Hynes .
Heyward thought things would be different under new DA Ken Thompson , who they say made promises to reopen their son 's case during their 2013 campaign .
`` I 'm going through the same process with Ken Thompson now that I went through with Charles Hynes . No family or parent should have to go through this type of ignorant nonsense , I 'm going to call it , when an injustice has been made by the NYPD for the innocent killing of my innocent son , '' Heyward said .
`` Representatives from the District Attorney 's Office reviewed this tragic case , and had numerous conversations with Mr. Heyward about it last year . We are always willing to examine new credible evidence , '' said a spokesperson for the Brooklyn DA office in a statement .
A major update for Google+ for Android is being rolled out slowly . There are 9 new cool features that are included in the update and all of them sound pretty awesome and seriously , I ca n't wait to try them out .
Among This is the ability to create animated GIFs and photobooth-style images on demand . For this feature to work you just need to select Motion or Mix after tapping the + button on the photos .
The app will now help you access really big photo libraries without any issues .
Another awesome ( aptly named ) feature is the Auto Awesome Stories . With this feature you can make the app to automatically create travelogues by making use of your photos , videos and the places you visit . Similarly Auto Awesome Movies creates a reel of your photos and videos and the end video will have the transitions , effects and sound track .
For this feature to work , you simply have to upload or backup your photos to Google+ . If you are like me and if you have auto sync turned on , all the photos you take with your mobile phone will be automatically uploaded to Google+ and you might already have a movie waiting for !
Other small updates include the disappearance of app menu as you move down the Google+ stream . This way your posts are not cut off and you see the posts full screen .
And , browsing your photo library has become a lot easier . You can browse by date or highlights .
The navigation menu has become a lot cooler and user friendly – you can now easily switch between communities , places , other sections and sharing .
Overall I am really excited to use Google+ ( more intensively than before ) on my Droid .
In this session of the Great Work Insights Podcast , Todd Nordstrom speaks with Judy Robinett , an entrepreneur and corporate leader . They are also the author of “ How to Be a Power Connector : The 5+50+150 Rule ” —which dives into effective strategies for networking and building fast relationships .
You will learn :
2:36 – How people can and will achieve goals when they are focused on quality .
3:33 – Half of Americans identify themselves as shy , but research shows it 's only 10 % .
4:50 – Networking correlates with career growth .
6:50 – Robinett 's networking experience in their career .
7:45 – How getting out of your comfort zone allows you to get more comfortable with networking .
8:00 – 5+50+150 rule
9:40 – Ask 2 questions to build networks within organizations : What other ideas do you have for me ? Who else do you know I should talk to ?
10:45 – How to get past small talk .
12:00 – How to put yourself in the right room .
12:45 – People are willing to help .
13:50 – How do you know who to know ?
16:45 – How to widen your boundaries when looking to network .
19:40 – Using social media networking in the right way .
Links and Resources Mentioned :
Learn more and connect with Judy Robinett
Website | Twitter | LinkedIn
Learn more about : How to Be a Power Connector
Thank You For Listening !
What 'd you think of today 's show ? The conversation continues in the comments below . Be sure to leave your great insights .
Enjoy listening to our other Great Work Insights Podcasts.Judy Robinett Interview on Networking the Right Way
( KUTV ) The Salt Lake City Council is asking the mayor and the Utah Transit Authority to put the brakes
In a letter to Mayor Jackie Biskupski and UTA CEO Jerry Benson , all seven city council members said they were `` surprised and alarmed '' to hear about plans for a fence that will run an entire block on 200 South , between 400 and 500 West .
The fence was requested by Vestar , the retail management firm which owns The Gateway , over concerns about `` dangerous conditions '' at the intersections including jaywalking .
The city and UTA studied the issue and agreed to install the fence . But the city council argues the plan could restrict access to a public right-of-way and needs more discussion .
`` This proposal seems to conflict with long-established policies and practices memorialized in planning and policy documents adopted over the years by the City Council , '' council members wrote in the letter . `` Our expectation , therefore , is that the City Administration and UTA provide the Council - and the public -with a comprehensive explanation about the proposal and the situation it is meant to address , before any preparation or construction work begins . ''
The fence and removal of the crosswalk is being funded through public money from UTA and the city . Vestar is not paying anything toward it , city officials told 2News .
Matthew Rojas , spokesperson for Biskupski , reiterated to 2News the need for the fence to address jaywalking issues in an area that is filled with buses and trains .
`` Anybody who goes down on 200 South can see what is happening in this particular area , '' Rojas said . `` This is just about addressing a very particular need right now to keep all people safe . ''
Rojas said Biskupski is willing to sit down with council members to address their concerns .
In the letter , the council voiced a number of concerns about the project including the `` substantial and obtrusive '' nature of the fence compared to other barriers at TRAX stops .
The city council 's full letter is below :
Rockstar is trickling out some new content for players of Grand Theft Auto Online next week on PSN and Xbox Live .
The Business update – hitting on March 4 – features :
New Transportation Cars : Albany Alpha , Dinka Jester , Grotti Turismo R Plane : Vestra
Weapons : Heavy Pistol , Special Carbine
Attire/Appearance : New suit jackets , masks , tattoos , blouses , and more clothing options .
Rockstar says the new vehicles and weapons will be also be available in story mode .
In other GTA Online news : You can also check out some new user-created , Rockstar-verified jobs for GTA Online .
[ Source : Rockstar ]
Our Take :
Unfortunately it 's not online heists nor more story mode missions , but Rockstar has also just promised more info on those `` in future updates . '' We do n't want more info – we want to actually play them !
Margaret Thatcher and the Degradation of “ Freedom ” in Right-Wing Discourse
I confess my first reaction to news of Margaret Thatcher 's death was to stifle a yawn . After all , she 'd been long past doing anyone either good or ill . But after witnessing the sorry spectacle of reactionary old men at the Adam Smith Institute and Heritage Foundation attempting to crawl into Thatcher 's coffin and be buried alive with her , and people at Mother Jones who should know better referring to their policies as “ free market extremism , ” I feel compelled to write something .
As evidence that Thatcher “ brought economic freedom to Britain ” ( Reason , April 8 , 2013 ) , Ira Stoll mentions their privatization of state industries , reduction in the top income tax rate , and value-added tax increase that “ shifted the tax burden to consumption rather than income . ”
Jim DeMint of the Heritage Foundation , lauds Thatcher not only for their assault on Big Government ( “ DeMint on Lady Thatcher , Freedom 's Champion , ” April 8 , 2013 ) , but for being America 's steadfast partner in the fight for the global spread of liberty .
Larry Kudlow — the ridiculous CNBC business wonk who probably does n't take off their wing tips with dress socks and sock garters even when he 's intimate with their wife — said that “ ‘ Freedom ' was always their watchword ” ( “ Thatcher , Freedom , and Free Markets , ” April 8 , 2013 ) .
So much for the hype . What 's the reality ?
“ Free enterprise ” and “ individual responsibility ” are so far from any relevance to neoliberal capitalism that I can easily imagine a massive piece of totalitarian architecture in London , chief city of Airstrip One , with Ministry of Free Enterprise and Individual Responsibility written across its face in 10-story letters .
The neoliberal revolution has resulted in little if any overall reduction in the size of government . Neoliberalism is just another form of state capitalist intervention , with accumulation of “ private ” capital at taxpayer expense . Despite all the anti- “ big gummint ” rhetoric , Neoliberalism must in practice maintain massive levels of government spending to buy up the corporate economy 's excess product and utilize excess capacity . For the elites who carried out the revolution , Thatcher was just a useful idiot , a way of packaging their statist agenda in the wholesome imagery of nineteenth century liberalism .
That innocuous phrase “ shift of the tax burden from income to consumption ” covers a whole host of libertarian sins . While they lowered the top tax rate from 83 % to 60 % , they cut the basic rate only from 33 % to 30 % — and eliminated the bottom rate of 25 % altogether for the underclass . They almost doubled the VAT from 8 % to 15 % , and made the regressive poll tax the main source of revenue for local government . So what they actually did was not so much reduce the tax burden as shift it from returns on capital and accumulated wealth to returns on labor .
What about Maggie 's heralded “ privatization ” of state industries ? Neoliberal “ privatization ” of government activity may leave a larger share of functions under nominally private direction — but operating within a web of protections , advantages and subsidies largely defined by the state .
The same applies to the rest of the so-called “ small government ” agenda . Spending cuts on social services are more than offset by other forms of subsidies ( including “ Defense ” ) to the operating costs of corporate enterprise . Neoliberal trade agreements include a legal framework ( e.g. , so-called “ intellectual property ” rights ) designed mainly to protect big business against the market . “ Deregulation ” is really just reregulation — a shift of state activity in a more pro-corporate direction .
Thatcher 's hatred of Big Government apparently did n't extend to the use of eminent domain to make way for subsidized highways , as evidenced by the siege and subsequent bulldozing of Wanstonia to make way for their beloved M11 , part of their “ greatest road-building program since the Romans. ” But then subsidies to the car culture and to Big Business 's long-distance shipping costs is seldom counted as part of Big Government .
What people like Stoll mean by “ economic freedom ” can be seen from the utterly idiotic claim that the Pinochet dictatorship in Chile was bad for personal freedom but “ good for economic freedom . ”
Those who dismiss Pinochet 's forcible suppression of workers ' right to associate and organize as irrelevant to “ economic freedom , ” oddly enough , are the same people who make the freedom of capitalists to buy , sell and own the means of production the defining characteristic of “ free market capitalism . ”
Pinochet 's “ economic freedom ” agenda explicitly included , as a major component , the violent liquidation of the labor movement . Their soldiers visited factories and asked managers to point out labor activists for subsequent torture and “ disappearance. ” What kind of “ economic freedom ” is it when the state 's secret police terrorize an entire population in order to reduce the bargaining power of labor , so that the business climate will be conducive to capital investment ?
That the Adam Smith Institute Director Madsen Pirie places repeated emphasis on the comparative number of “ days lost to strikes ” before and after the Iron Lady 's accession to power ( “ She was a giant among men , ” April 8 , 2013 ) suggests they share Pinochet 's idea of “ economic freedom . ”
As for Thatcher 's defense of the “ values and freedoms so fundamental to our way of life ” that Stoll makes so much of , they do n't bear much looking into . When challenged by a reporter on the futility of drug criminalization ( “ Even my chauffeur smokes pot. ” ) , they responded “ Tell me who they are . I 'll have them arrested. ” Like their counterpart Reagan in the United States , Thatcher began a thirty-year slide into police statism , and the erosion constraints on unreasonable search and seizure and other common law due process guarantees , that was built on by Tony Blair and Gordon Brown .
Thatcher 's solidarity with America in “ the global cause of freedom , ” as DeMint puts it , is a phrase that only makes sense when interpreted with the help of the Newspeak Dictionary . Thatcher was one of the most faithful and tireless friends to torturers , military dictators and death squads the world ever knew — just so long as they were enemies of the Soviet Union and limited their terror to labor organizers and land reform activists .
In short , as a defender of “ economic freedom ” and every other kind of freedom , and as a promoter of “ free enterprise ” and “ individual responsibility , ” Margaret Thatcher was a complete and utter fraud . And the sycophancy of their cult-followers is nothing short of sickening .
Translations for this article :
Former Tennessee and current Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning visited the Volunteers leading up to their game at No . 12 Georgia . The five-time NFL MVP will spend their bye week in Athens , Ga. , as their alma matter takes on the Bulldogs at noon Saturday .
Special guest in the locker room today pic.twitter.com/8UpRXQlChD — Vol Photos ( @ Vol_Photos ) September 27 , 2014
Peyton and @ UTCoachJones getting in a quick chat during pre game warmups # BeatUGA pic.twitter.com/wztesqabkh
— Tennessee Football ( @ Vol_Football ) September 27 , 2014
Manning played at Tennessee from 1994-97 and became the fourth player in NCAA history to pass for 11,000 yards and threw for more than 300 yards in 18 games . They finished with 11,201 yards as the Vols ' most prolific offensive player , leading Tennessee to a 1997 SEC championship . Manning holds 42 NCAA , SEC and Tennessee records and won several awards including the Maxwell , Davey O'Brien and Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Awards .
The Republicans , the Blue Dogs and Joe Lieberman want to stall passing a health care bill , because they know that if members go back to their districts in August it gives the health insurance lobby a chance to hammer them with millions in advertising . There 's one word for that : unacceptable . The House should keep working until they pass a health reform bill – health care is more important than vacation .
We just created a petition asking the House to stay in session to pass health reform . Click here to sign the petition.Mike Stark will be delivering your signature on video to the House at the end of this week . Some Members of Congress want three weeks of vacation before they tackle health care reform . There is a real human cost for going on vacation . Three weeks in America without health care means :
143,250 people will lose their health insurance coverage
53,507 people will file for bankruptcy because they ca n't pay their medical bills
1,265 people will die because they lack coverage
The House is so close to passing a health reform bill – they should not go on vacation now when thousands are losing their health care or worse every day .
Click here to sign the petition and ask the House to stay in session to pass health care instead of going on vacation . Health care just ca n't wait .
Users Can Now Store and Exchange Bitcoin Cash Via the Blockchain Wallet
On October 11 the cryptocurrency based multi-service provider , Blockchain , announced the company is now allowing access to Bitcoin Cash using the company 's wallet service .
Also Read : XBT Provider Launches First Ethereum Exchange-Traded Notes
The Cryptocurrency Wallet Provider Blockchain Adds Bitcoin Cash Support
Blockchain , the popular cryptocurrency wallet and block explorer service created in August 2011 , has revealed users can now access Bitcoin Cash ( BCH ) through the firm 's wallet . The company who provides over 17.5M bitcoin wallets initially announced BCH support back in August . Blockchain said at the time it would be monitoring the BCH blockchain for a few weeks , and the startup 's previous statements also stated that it would only provide “ limited access ” to BCH funds . The London-based wallet provider now states :
We 're excited to share that , as of today , any user who had a bitcoin balance in their Blockchain wallet when the fork activated , will be able to access the same amount in BCH .
Non-Custodial Access to Bitcoin Cash
Blockchain also details users can “ store , exchange , and send ” BCH funds by switching their preferences in the wallet 's general settings tab . The company says in the future Blockchain may add expanded support for the decentralized currency . Blockchain just recently raised $ 40M from well-known investors , and CEO Peter Smith told news.Bitcoin.com about the company 's growth and plans for expansion . Alongside this , the wallet has also integrated the cryptocurrency ethereum and users can toggle between both of those cryptocurrencies as well . Blockchain details users can be confident they also maintain full non-custodial access to their Bitcoin Cash reserves .
“ If you choose to continue to store your BCH , you 'll still retain full , exclusive access to these funds , which will always be accessible with your recovery phrase , ” Blockchain adds .
What do you think about Blockchain supporting Bitcoin Cash ? Let us know what you think in the comments below .
Images via Shutterstock and Blockchain .
At news.Bitcoin.com all comments containing links are automatically held up for moderation in the Disqus system . That means an editor has to take a look at the comment to approve it . This is due to the many , repetitive , spam and scam links people post under our articles . We do not censor any comment content based on politics or personal opinions . So , please be patient . Your comment will be published .
Punjab 's ruling elite - the Badal family - is a ministry in itself .
Monday 's inclusion of Harsimrat Kaur Badal , wife of Punjab 's powerful Deputy Chief Minister and Shiromani Akali Dal president and daughter-in-law of Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal , as a cabinet minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's government has ensured that each member of the Badal family holds a top ministerial post .
The Badal family now has a chief minister , a deputy chief minister , a union cabinet minister and two state cabinet ministers .
The state cabinet ministers are the senior Badal 's son-in-law Adesh Pratap Singh Kairon and the younger Badal 's brother-in-law Bikram Singh Majithia .
The Badal family , in fact , opted for Harsimrat Badal overlooking the claims of other senior and much more experienced Akali Dal leaders like Ranjit Singh Brahmpura , Naresh Gujral and former union minister Sukhdev Singh Dhindsa .
The BJP leadership , including Modi , which has often been critical of the Congress leaders for not looking beyond the Congress ' first family - the Gandhis - conveniently chose to look the other way while accommodating Harsimrat Badal .
`` This clearly demonstrates the BJP 's double standards on dynasty When it comes to its alliance partner Akali Dal , the BJP shuts its eyes , '' a senior BJP leader from told IANS .
A greenhorn as far as administrative experience is concerned , Harsimrat Badal not only made it to the downsized new central government but did so with full cabinet status . Chief Minister and their son ensured that they got the cabinet berth and was not inducted as a junior minister .
`` I think that senior Akali leaders like Brahmpura should have been in the Modi ministry instead of her , '' former chief minister and Amritsar MP Amarinder Singh said .
Running the government as a `` family affair '' is nothing new for Chief Minister Badal .
When they assumed office for the fifth time in March 2012 , they had a handful of relatives in the 18-member ministry .
Besides Badal as chief minister and their son Sukhbir Badal as the deputy chief minister , Badal 's son-in-law Adesh Pratap Singh Kairon , Sukhbir Badal 's brother-in-law ( Harsimrat Badal 's brother ) Bikram Singh Majithia and another Badal relative , Janmeja Singh Sekhon , were inducted in the ministry .
Kairon was inducted despite barely managing to win their assembly seat by just 59 votes .
Even in 2007 , when Badal became chief minister for the fourth time , four relatives found place in their ministry . Majithia was also inducted later .
Senior Congress leader Sukhpal Singh Khaira had earlier pointed out that Badal , who keeps demanding a federal structure of government and decentralization of power to states , had the maximum number of departments of the government with their clan .
`` Contrary to their oft repeated demand for a decentralized power structure in the country , Badal has completely done the reverse in They have centralized all power with their family , by keeping 26 of the 55 government departments with their near and dear ones . Of the 45 portfolios held by Akali Dal , 23 are held by the Badal family and the remaining 10 by the BJP , '' Khaira had pointed out in October 2012 .
( Jaideep Sarin can be contacted at jaideep.s @ ians.in )
A potential bank holiday scenario : You 're halfway through a long weekend buried face-deep in a monitor , blasting through some games . Then , all of a sudden , your body kicks you out of the digitally enhanced stupor , complaining of aching fingers and a distended bladder . Look , you 're getting older . There 's no shame in that . Luckily , with the WCS Europe Season One finals , due to take place this weekend , Blizzard can help you extend that gaming marathon through the vicarious thrill of watching professionals at work .
Matches begin tomorrow , May 25th , at 12:00 PM BST , and again May 26 , at 11:00 AM BST . If you just want to skip to the end , the final is being held at 8:15 PM .
Once again , James 'Kaelaris ' Carrol and Shaun 'Apollo ' Clark are on commentary duty , with the event being hosted by Paul 'Redeye ' Chaloner . The winner will receive $ 20,000 , while the top five players of the league also advance to the 2013 WCS Season 1 Finals in South Korea , held June 7–9 . You can watch the full thing live on the WCS Twitch page , or get the VODs from the ESL .
Here 's the full schedule for tomorrow 's event :
13:00 CEST QF # 1 - Dimitry 'Happy ' Kostin vs. Dmytro 'dimaga ' Filipchuk
14:45 CEST QF # 2 - Dario 'TheLittleOne ' Wünsch vs. Jong Hyun 'Mvp ' Jung
16:30 CEST QF # 3 - Pedro 'LucifroN7 ' Durán vs. Ji Soo 'fOrGG ' Park
18:15 CEST QF # 4 - Jon 'BabyKnight ' Andersen vs. Ilyes 'Stephano ' Satouri
And if you want to get an idea of the sort of crazy strategies being deployed in the WCS , here 's last week 's top 5 plays :
Posted by
Stuart Mactaggart ,
October 9 , 2014 Email
Stuart Mactaggart
On Twitter :
@ FuryFanatic_Mac
First Thoughts
Ottawa Fury will travel to New York this weekend as they face a tough test against the New York Cosmos . Ottawa have fallen just shy of stealing points off of New York multiple times this year and they will be looking for a strong performance on the road once again .
Fury FC 's playoff chances are all but over for this year , however , Fury coach Marc Dos Santos will be looking for a strong performance on the road as they look to at least bring Ottawa up to a mid-table position . Fury had their practice Thursday run longer than normal before their travel day as they may not get a chance to train in New York prior to the game . This is a testament to how focused the squad is on preparing for the match ahead
Dos Santos believes that Fury can win in New York , as the Cosmos are missing some key players like Alessandro Noselli , who is no longer with the club , and , according to the Fury coach , one of the best forwards in the league earlier this year . Dos Santos also highlighted the fact that Han Dennisen has failed to produce after having an injury plagued season and the fact the Cosmos have n't been able to settle on a proper line up this season means Fury may be able to take advantage and grab a win . “ They are a bit of a sleeping lion , they have a lot of experience ” Dos Santos said , suggesting if Ottawa play like they have in the last ten games , they should be able to win in New York .
Keep Thinking
Dos Santos was reluctant to reveal any of their starting line up heading into the weekend . However , they did reveal Fury captain Richie Ryan will miss the road game as they and their wife are expecting the birth of their first child . Mauro will likely step into the central midfield position and will hopefully put in a similar performance to the one they put on in the road against Minnesota earlier this year when Ryan was injured . Mauro will likely be joined by Ubiparipovic and Donatelli on either side , with Paterson possibly coming off the bench .
The defense will most likely consist of Richter , Beckie , Trafford and Soria ; a backline that has been solid over the past several games . Drew Beckie will likely return to the starting lineup this weekend after missing the trip to Texas last week with a foot injury , leaving Jarun to start on the bench with Woodbine .
The front line will probably be the same one we have seen success with recently , with Mayard and Oliver playing the wings and Heinemann playing through the middle . However , both Carl Haworth and Phil Davies have a chance of featuring , as they have impressed upfront in recent games .
In The End
There is still a lot for the Fury players to play for as they battle to show Dos Santos why they should be at the club next season , and the squad as a whole will look to continue their recent form as they seek a mid-table finish . Although New York has caused Ottawa trouble in the past , Fury will face a different Cosmos line up than they have faced before and they will look to steal more points on the road .
Prediction
New York Cosmos 0-1 Ottawa Fury FC
The heart maintains a careful balancing act ; too soft and it wo n't pump blood , but too hard and it will overtax itself and stop entirely . There is an optimal amount of strain that a beating heart can generate and still beat at its usual rate , once per second .
In a study published in the journal Current Biology , researchers at the University of Pennsylvania have shown that this “ sweet spot ” depends on the stiffness of the collagen framework that the heart 's cells live within . They also have shown that the other biophysical factors that contribute to the strength of the heartbeat adjust alongside the natural stiffening of collagen during embryonic development , keeping the growing heart in this optimal zone .
Taking into account the role that this collagen matrix plays in the optimal heartbeat could help cardiologists repair tissue after a heart attack , where scarring stiffens the heart 's collagen .
“ If we can understand more clearly the effects on cells of normal and damaged collagen frameworks , then we can develop better treatments for the frameworks as well as the cells within , ” said Dennis Discher , professor in the Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering in the School of Engineering and Applied Science .
Discher and lead author Stephanie Majkut , a member of their lab and a doctoral candidate in the Department of Physics and Astronomy in Penn 's School of Arts and Sciences , conducted the study along with other members of Discher 's lab , Joe Swift and Christine Krieger . They collaborated with physics professor Andrea Liu and Timon Idema , a member of their lab .
The study 's experiments were conducted on embryonic chick hearts , which are anatomically similar to human hearts during early development . The researchers chemically treated the beating hearts to either stiffen or soften the collagen matrix surrounding the cells . The treatment made it either harder or easier for the cell 's molecular motors , proteins known as myosins , to contract the heart muscle .
After testing that their treated hearts were sufficiently softened or stiffened , they fluorescently labeled a small percentage of cells in the heart so they could quantify how hard the hearts were beating while looking at them under a microscope .
“ When we treat the hearts with a chemical that breaks down the collagen , ” Majkut said , “ we can directly see that the hearts are n't contracting as much because the labeled cells are n't getting as close to each other as they did before . ”
“ The same effect was also seen when we treated the hearts with a chemical that helps the collagen crosslink and stiffen itself . Eventually , those hearts simply stop beating all together , ” they said .
The researchers saw that the further along the embryos were in maturation , the stiffer the “ sweet spot ” for their optimal beating was . As the collagen matrix of the heart stiffened , the concentration of the myosin motor proteins that contract the muscle increased along with it to keep pace .
“ We also showed this dynamic on the level of the individual cell with heart cells and stem cell derived heart cells , ” Discher said . “ We put isolated cells on gels that have the stiffness of the native heart , or else we make the gel softer or stiffer , and we see the same optimum . Surprisingly , the cells working together in heart tissue are even more sensitive to the stiffness of their environment . ”
Cardiologists might one day use such stiffness-optimized gels for growing heart tissue from stem cells to replace just the scarred and damaged parts of a patient 's heart . A better fundamental understanding of the role collagen stiffness plays in the heartbeat could underpin other treatments as well .
“ There were hints of this stiffness effect with adult hearts before , but this study made it very clear that the heart muscle cells are optimized from ‘ day one ' to do work against the native stiffness they see in collagen , and that all of the factors that determine this relationship change in a coordinated way as the heart develops so it can stay in that sweet spot , ” Discher said .
The research was supported by the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation .
Bucs quarterback Jameis Winston shed weight over the offseason and their teammates have taken notice .
On Wednesday , Johnthan Banks had some fun with the subject of Winston 's body , though their comments were far from insulting the second-year quarterback .
“ This guy was fat last year , ” Banks said , drawing laughs . “ He came back looking like a DB . You can tell Jameis worked their tail off . ”
The greater point Banks was making is that Winston 's commitment and energy inspires the rest of the team to follow suit .
“ When you have a guy like Jameis leading your team , that makes everybody want to be like Jameis , ” Banks said . “ He 's got everyone excited . You could just see them out here yesterday , how confident they are , even in the walkthroughs , making checks and getting guys in place . It 's awesome . Jameis , he 's going to be one of those Peyton Manning-type guys . ”
Winston , for their part , attributed their weight loss to finding the right exercise routine and having a full offseason of just football . Adjusting their diet , however , was never part of the plan , adding , “ I 'm going to eat what I want to eat anyway . ”
Asked about Banks ' comments , Winston agreed that the quarterback should set the tone , starting in the weight room . They also wanted to impress their teammates .
“ As a quarterback , you have to show these guys that you 're working , ” Winston said . “ I did n't want to come back and have them say , ‘ Oh , Jameis looks the exact same . ' I had to give them something to talk about , right ? ”
Winston joked that in a few years he 'll show up looking like Vincent Jackson , one of the Bucs more built players . For now , their new physique will just add to their confidence on the field .
“ If you look good , you play good , ” Winston said .
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price
Alex Wong/Getty Images
One of Tom Price 's go-to criticisms of the Affordable Care Act is that it does not , in fact , provide people much in the way of care . The law has helped many Americans obtain insurance , sure . But because the policies have such high deductibles , they argue , patients still ca n't afford medical help . “ People have coverage , but they do n't have care , ” the Health and Human Services secretary likes to say .
Other members of the Trump administration parroted Price 's line as they tried , and failed , to sell their health reform bill to a skeptical public and Congress this month . But it turns out the hand-waving about coverage vs. care was n't just futile : It was also plain wrong . A new study released this week by the National Bureau of Economic Research suggests that , contrary to the White House 's utterly ineffectual talking points , Obamacare really has delivered on its promise of helping Americans get to the doctor .
Wound . Meet salt .
Previous papers have explored how Obamacare expanded insurance coverage , and some have examined the way the law 's Medicaid expansion affected measures of people 's actual health , like how well Americans say they feel in surveys . The new study , which is still only in early draft form , tries to look at the effects of the whole ACA on both health access and outcomes through 2015—while untangling the impact of Medicaid from the law 's changes to the individual insurance market . Their findings are based on an analysis of data from the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System , a large annual health survey conducted by states and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.1
As a whole , the paper finds , Obamacare 's impact on access has been very positive . The results “ imply that the full ACA reduced the uninsured rate by 44 percent while also reducing the number of people without a primary care doctor by 12 percent , those with foregone care because of cost by 28 percent , and those not having an annual checkup by 10 percent , ” the authors write . It was n't just the ACA 's Medicaid expansion that 's made this happen . “ The results suggest that the private portion of the ACA ” —meaning the market regulations and exchanges where customers buy subsidized insurance— “ increased access to care along all observable dimensions , ” including whether people had coverage , had a doctor , or had a physical .
So , according to these draft results at least , Obamacare increased both coverage and access to care , which in a more rational world would force Price to find a new spiel . ( Do n't count on it . ) Where the law disappointed somewhat was outcomes . With the exception of older people who lived in states that expanded Medicaid , the researchers did not find evidence that Obamacare led Americans overall to self-report better health . It also did n't find any signs that people 's body mass indexes dropped , or that people smoked or drank less after the insurance expansion .
Now , one might argue that two years is an incredibly short period of time in which to improve the average health of an entire , notoriously sedentary nation . But at Bloomberg View , Megan McArdle suggests that these results should make people at least question the value of expanding insurance . They point to another famous study from Oregon which found that although people reported better health after gaining coverage through Medicaid , their personal health stats like blood pressure , cholesterol , or blood sugar failed to improve . They write :
It turns out the link between “ health care ” and “ health ” is not as close as we would like . Health insurance is not magic . Insurance can give you access to a doctor , but it can not make you take your medicine . An absolutely astonishing percentage of people do n't take their hypertension medication , even though the side effects are minimal , the medications are cheap generics , and the benefits are large ; overall , about 50 percent of patients seem to fail to take their medicine as recommended . Insurance can not make you stop drinking or smoking or overeating . Just ask the primary-care physicians charged with bullying people out of those behaviors .
All of this may be true . But , as McArdle concedes , the balance of evidence suggests that increasing health coverage does save lives—and living people are generally healthier than the dead . Beyond that , I 'm not sure how many would argue that improving health outcomes is the single most important goal of expanding insurance coverage . Many people , seemingly including Republicans like Price , believe that people ought to be able to get access to health care without bankrupting themselves just because it makes them happier and more secure in their lives . Some might even say that being able to access a doctor without emptying your savings should be a right , even if it does n't lead people to stub out their cigarettes . And on that front , things like the Medicaid expansion seem to have been wildly successful . As you might expect , giving people insurance coverage tends to reduce medical debt and make it easier for people to pay their doctors ' bills ( and , perhaps partly for that reason , seems to make them less depressed ) . Shielding the vulnerable from financial hardship is a perfectly reasonable use of public money .
This week gave us evidence Affordable Care Act has done just what it promised , by making care affordable . For that alone , it 's worth celebrating—and defending once the GOP works up the nerve to again try to gut it .
1 For those interested in the methodology : The economists looked at the relationship between uninsured rates in different parts of the country before Obamacare 's implementation , and how trends in health access and outcomes evolved in those places after the law took effect . They 're essentially working from two assumptions : First , places with higher uninsured rates had more to gain from the ACA . Second , there should n't be any systemic correlation between a city 's uninsured rate in 2013 and the change in the likelihood that people had a primary care doctor over the next two years , unless Obamacare was at play . ( Of course , they also include all kinds of controls for demographics and such . )
A group of Baylor alumni and major donors -- including Drayton McLane , for whom the school 's football stadium is named -- is scheduled to launch a nonprofit organization that will demand an overhaul of the university 's board of regents as well as full details of the school 's sexual assault investigation .
Bears for Leadership Reform is going to be `` demanding transparency and accountability , '' spokesperson Julie Hillrichs said .
`` They believe the only way we can do this is to have true reform of the board . They want a seat at the table when the board selects its next president , and then they want a best-in-class Title IX program on that campus , '' they said , referring to the federal gender-equity law that requires schools investigate reports of sexual violence .
The group formed in part because of recent public comments made by select members of the university 's board of regents , who were reported to have said , among other things , that former football coach Art Briles did not properly report an alleged gang rape and that 17 women have reported sexual or physical assaults involving 19 players , including four gang rapes , since 2011 .
Editor 's Picks Rape activist says Baylor should cancel season Brenda Tracy , who said they were gang-raped by four men , including two Oregon State football players , called Baylor 's `` blackout '' by players , coaches and some fans `` callous , cruel and vicious . ''
Although several of the organizers , including McLane , a billionaire business person and former owner of the Houston Astros , have been among the most vocal critics of Briles ' firing , Hillrichs said this group is not advocating bringing them back .
`` I can not stress enough it 's not about football , and we 're not even going to talk about Art Briles , '' Hillrichs said . `` This is about women who have been sexually assaulted on this campus . We need to have total accountability and transparency . ''
They said the group will use its funds to build a broad coalition of students , faculty , domestic violence organizations and community leaders to `` put an enormous amount of pressure on that university to be transparent and accountable . '' As of Monday morning , almost 2,000 people had liked the organization 's Facebook page .
Last week , Baylor launched a new website designed to provide more information about how the university has addressed sexual assaults . It included a message from Interim President David Garland that read , in part : `` I have directed the university to be more transparent wherever possible about the sexual assault crisis that has severely impacted our campus , our alumni and the entire Baylor family . ''
Members of the board of regents and administrators have declined multiple interview requests from ESPN over the past several weeks , and have referred questions to their public relations firm .
A spokesperson for Baylor issued this response to the Bears for Leadership Reform demands on Sunday :
`` In their October meeting the Baylor Board of Regents committed to pursuing a policy of transparency and openness to provide the entire Baylor family with the information they need to heal and move forward . The facts released over the past two weeks have been evidence of that commitment . This policy will continue and additional information will be placed on the website www.baylor.edu/thefacts . ''
They also wrote that the presidential search committee is made up of `` faculty , staff , students , alumni and parents , '' and that an online form is available for anyone who wants to provide input and propose potential candidates .
McLane is listed as one of the members of the search committee .
Hillrichs said Bears for Leadership Reform is demanding the release of documentation related to the findings by the law firm Pepper Hamilton , which in a summary released in May stated that the school was in violation of Title IX and the football program had no `` culture of accountability '' for misconduct .
The new group also wants to see the board be more open about its meeting agendas and meeting minutes , Hillrichs said . They said Bears for Leadership Reform has about 20 directors and at least 100 other advisers ; about $ 350,000 has already been donated .
One of the founders , Gale Galloway , made a public offer last month of $ 10,000 to anyone who could find the `` true reason '' for the firings of Briles and two other athletic department employees .
Galloway -- a former Bears football player , former chairperson of the board of regents , retired CEO of several companies , and a large donor to the university -- said the regents made Briles the `` poster child '' for the school 's much larger sexual assault scandal in order to protect the regents ' own self interests .
In an interview with Outside the Lines last week , former Title IX Director Patty Crawford said that they were aware of about 400 cases of sexual violence during their two years on campus , although regents have said in other media interviews the number is closer to 125 incidents from 2011 to 2015 . Both the regents and Crawford have said that about 10 percent of those involved athletes ; athletes make up 4 percent of the male population at Baylor .
`` The total , in terms of athletes , they were all found responsible . I think every athlete was found responsible , '' Crawford said . And even though the numbers were small in comparison , they said the `` culture of gang rape '' among the athletes stood out and was worth examining further .
But they said they also saw cultural issues that led to sexual assaults among members of fraternities and sororities , other student clubs , and even among faculty sexually harassing students and female co-workers .
`` It 's important to show that there is more complexity to this , and I did n't want the university making it this depiction of everything is perfect except for these three people , '' they said , noting the removal of Briles , former President Kenneth Starr and athletic director Ian McCaw .
Crawford , who was named the school 's first full-time Title IX coordinator in 2014 , said they were not allowed to sit in on the presentation that the Pepper Hamilton law firm gave the board of regents outlining the results of its investigation into the school 's Title IX compliance .
A Baylor spokesperson wrote in an email Sunday that , `` the Board of Regents found failures across the University as reflected in both the Findings of Facts and the Pepper Hamilton recommendations , which were released in May . No Regent or administrator has ever suggested that this was solely a football problem -- and the University 's response has been much broader than a narrow targeting of football and athletics . ''
Galloway , and others involved in the newly formed nonprofit , have said the failures belong squarely with the board of regents , saying it was their responsibly to make sure the school was in compliance with Title IX and to give Starr -- whom the regents removed as president and who later resigned from Baylor altogether -- the administrative support they needed to implement required policies .
A Baylor spokesperson wrote that the board does not oversee day-to-day operations , and that it exists instead to determine whether the university has the right resources to accomplish its goals and mission .
Sources have told Outside the Lines that some regents are not in favor of the message that the board chairperson and others have been sharing publicly , but a confidentiality agreement -- and fear of being found personally liable in connection with any of the four pending Title IX lawsuits -- prevents them from speaking out .
`` It is vital to remember that the Board was -- and is -- overwhelmingly supportive of the decisions taken in May , the implementation of the Pepper Hamilton recommendations and the need for openness and transparency going forward , '' the Baylor spokesperson wrote , noting that Ron Murff , as chairperson , is the official spokesperson and that other regents may participate in interviews at their discretion .
Submitted by Mike Krieger via Liberty Blitzkrieg blog ,
Events last month in Ferguson , Missouri ( read my detailed thoughts here ) forced Americans to confront the frightening reality that many of of the nation 's police departments have been quietly , but consistently , militarizing over the past couple of decades . It 's one thing to intellectually understand that this has happened , it 's quite another to see cops deploy tanks and point sniper rifles at peacefully protesting U.S. citizens .
Just as disturbing as the scenes themselves , is the fact that this has been happening for so long under the 1033 transfer program with only muted criticism . The program was originated in the late 1990′s under the National Defense Authorization Act of 1997 ( recall that the NDAA is also being used to allow for the indefinite detention of American citizens without trial ) , and it allows for the transfer of excess Department of Defense equipment to domestic police . In other words , it has been public policy for almost two decades to militarize the police .
With the issue squarely still in the public consciousness , it would behoove us to understand that this program is not only arming police with weapons of war . In fact , public schools are also receiving such items , including grenade launchers , M16s and MRAPs .
The Wall Street Journal reports that :
A federal program that has drawn criticism in recent weeks for supplying surplus military gear to local police has also provided high-powered rifles , armored vehicles and other equipment to police at public schools , some of whom were unprepared for what they were getting . In the wake of school shootings in Newtown , Conn. , and elsewhere , some school security departments developed SWAT teams , added weapons and called on the federal government to help supply gear . But now , the program is facing renewed scrutiny from both outside observers and schools using it . The Los Angeles Unified School District stocked up on grenade launchers , M16 rifles and even a multi-ton armored vehicle from the program . But the district is getting rid of the grenade launchers , which it never intended to use to launch grenades or use in a school setting , said Steven Zipperman , chief of the Los Angeles Schools Police Department . The launchers , received in 2001 , might have helped other police in the county disperse crowds by shooting rubber munitions , they said . In July , the district received a massive MRAP armored vehicle . Mr. Zipperman said their department thought it could be useful for evacuations and to save lives in a “ sustained incident . ”
Just in case you are n't aware , this is an MRAP :
Makes you wonder how schools survived in America for over two hundred years without tanks . More from the WSJ…
In Texas , near the Mexican border , the sprawling Edinburg Consolidated Independent School District has 34,700 students and operates its own SWAT team , thanks in part to military gear it received in recent years from the federal program . The gear included two Humvees and a cargo truck , as well as power generators , said district Police Chief Ricardo Perez . The district applied for weapons , too , but was n't given any , so instead purchased its own M4 and AR-15 assault-style rifles , they said . The weapons are given to schools through the 1033 Program , created by Congress in the early 1990s to allow law-enforcement agencies to obtain excess Defense Department supplies , paying only for shipping . The program has transferred $ 5.1 billion in items , including $ 4.5 million worth in 2013 . Among recipients are more than a dozen school police departments , according to a spreadsheet from the Defense Logistics Agency , which runs the program . But for security reasons the list excludes districts that received only “ tactical ” gear such as weapons , as opposed to other types of supplies . That means the list likely understates the number of districts that participated . California is one of few states that provides a list of participating school districts and what they received . Its state website shows that two school police departments received armored vehicles , others added M-16s and grenade launchers to their armories , while one district took in televisions , projectors and a podium but no weapons .
What I find most interesting about all of this , is where have all the “ gun control ” politicians and hysterics been on the dangers of the 1033 for all these years ?
Indeed , while politicians in D.C. appear determined to invade half the countries on earth , while simultaneously arming the other half , from terrorist groups in the Middle East to police departments and school districts domestically , it appears the only group being singled out for disarmament is the citizenry itself . Makes you wonder does n't it…
For more thoughts on the matter read : How to Spot a Hypocrite in the Gun Debate and Other Reflections on Newtown .
​​Tuesday . May 30 . Day 130 .
Top Stories
Trump Has Reportedly Been Giving Out Their Private Cell Number To World Leaders , Raising Security Concerns : The AP reports that Trump has given their cell number to the leaders of Canada , Mexico and France , raising concerns about diplomatic processes and the security of any potential calls .
Russians Claimed To Have Compromising Intel On Trump : CNN reports that US intelligence intercepted a Russian conversation in 2016 where subjects claimed to have compromising information on Donald Trump and their campaign associates . It 's unclear whether the intelligence is truthful or a Russian fabrication designed to mislead the US , but regardless , it shows active plotting on behalf of the Russians on how to influence the US election .
Russia Investigation Turns Focus To Trump 's Personal Lawyer : ABC has confirmed that Michael Cohen , President Trump 's personal lawyer , has become a focus of the congressional investigation into President Trump 's connections to Russia . Cohen , who is known to be Trump 's pit bull , told ABC that they have been asked to provide `` information and testimony '' about their connections to the Russian government . Cohen says that they declined the requests . Update : Michael Cohen has officially been subpoenaed by the House Intelligence Committee .
Trump Communications Director Resigns : This morning , Axios reported that Mike Dubke , President Trump 's communication director will resign . Dubke reportedly gave their notice on May 18th . President Trump is said to be considering a much larger staff shakeup that would start with the replacement of their Chief Of Staff , Reince Priebus . Trump is said to be considering David Urban , a GOP lobbyist , for the role .
Trump 's Tweets
This morning , President Trump tweeted about the trade deficit with Germany , which led them to call Germans `` evil '' last week :
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany , plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO & military . Very bad for U.S . This will change — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2017
Trump then tweeted about the bubbling investigation into their connections to Russia , which has recently gained attention after it was revealed that Trump adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner is now a central focus .
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2017
Later , they tweeted about the Senate , which will be the next block to passing an Obamacare replacement .
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes , immediately , and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved , fast and easy . Dems would do it , no doubt ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2017
Here 's what happened Friday .
A key advisor to Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei said Tuesday that fighters from Lebanon 's Shia Hezbollah group would not leave Syria despite a ceasefire deal brokered last week by Turkey and Russia .
`` The claim that Hezbollah would leave Syria after the ceasefire is mere propaganda by the enemy , '' Ali Akbar Velayati said at a press briefing in Tehran after meeting Iraqi Vice President Nuri al-Maliki , according to Iran 's ISNA news agency .
Velayati went on to point out that meetings devoted to Syria 's future would be held later this month in Kazakh capital Astana by the Assad regime and its allies .
`` Those who attempt to hold a negotiation process without the consent of the Assad regime or people will not be allowed to join the talks [ in Astana ] , '' they said .
Like Russia , Iran is a staunch supporter of Syria 's Assad regime , which since 2011 has been fighting heavily-armed opposition groups for control of the country .
For the last five years , Iranian troops and Hezbollah fighters have been fighting alongside regime forces in Syria . During this period , more than 1,200 Iranian soldiers and pro-Iran militiamen are believed to have been killed in the ongoing fighting .
Velayati made the remarks after Syrian opposition groups announced earlier Tuesday that they would not take part in the upcoming talks in Astana , which are being promoted by both Turkey and Russia .
In a joint statement , opposition groups said continued aggression by the Assad regime and its allies in Syria constituted a breach of a ceasefire deal that went into effect last Friday .
According to Velayati , Tehran and Moscow have continued to coordinate on Syria despite claims that the latter was ignoring Iranian interests in the country .
Syria has remained locked in a devastating civil war since early 2011 , when the Assad regime cracked down on pro-democracy protests with unexpected ferocity .
Since then , more than a quarter of a million people have been killed -- and more than 10 million displaced -- as a direct result of the conflict , according to UN figures .
The Fiat Type 6614 is a 4x4 wheeled armoured personnel carrier developed as a joint venture between Fiat and Oto Melara of Italy . The hull is welded steel , and the vehicle is amphibious . [ 1 ] The first prototype was built in 1972 .
Variants [ edit ]
Type 6616 [ edit ]
The Type 6616 was a version of the Type 6614 that incorporated a turret armed with a 20mm autocannon . The turret was designed , built , and installed by Oto Melara . [ 2 ]
KM900 [ edit ]
The KM900 was a version of the Fiat 6614 produced under license by Asia Motors for use by the Republic of Korea Army . It is expected that the KM900s will be phased out with the introduction of the KNAV ( KW1 Scorpion ) .
Operators [ edit ]
Map of Fiat 6614 operators in blue with former operators in red
Map of Fiat 6616 operators in blue with former operators in red
Current operators [ edit ]
Type 6614 [ edit ]
Type 6616 [ edit ]
Former operators [ edit ]
Type 6614 [ edit ]
Type 6616 [ edit ]
Italy ( all out of service ) Carabinieri - 40
Italy ( all out of service ) Somalia - 30
Note : Numbers reflect total orders/production for each country . Current holdings may be different .
If you 're thinking of robbing a Las Vegas casino , and you 're not George Clooney , I have a word of advice : give up now . As Anthony Carleo recently found out , even if you leave the casino in one piece , the chips you stole are going to be worthless long before you make your get away . The 29 year old suspect is accused of robbing the Bellagio on December 14th of 2010 , stealing chips whose face value totaled around $ 1.5 million dollars . Their real value , however , was zero . Thanks to RFID tags embedded inside them , the chips with denominations of $ 100 to $ 25,000 could be immediately deactivated rendering them unredeemable for cash value . Watch CCTV footage from the December 14th robbery in the video clip below , followed by the recent press conference from the Las Vegas Police concerning Carleo 's arrest . Stealing worthless chips and then getting caught trying to sell them to undercover officers ? Danny Ocean this guy is not .
According to comments made to Minyanville by CHIPCO International , the casino chips used by Bellagio are typical of the industry . Highly specialized markings already make them hard to counterfeit , but embedded RFID tags allow casinos to track their every movement . If a chip is stolen , its ID can be associated with the theft in casino databases , preventing it from being redeemed for cash . Each high tech chip only costs about $ 2.50 to make , and they ensure that very little theft can succeed .
Actually , they do much more than that . RFID chips are a form of security , but they are also an amazingly precise way of measuring activity in the casino . The Bellagio and its competitors can track how much each table is making or losing , even verifying that dealers are handling each transaction correctly . They can log how much you spend , where you spend it , and use that information to keep you in the game longer with well timed drinks and services catered to your activity . If you 're using high-rolling chips you can almost guarantee that a casino knows what you 're up to . Turns out Big Brother is alive and well , playing craps in Las Vegas .
And they remembered to bring their video surveillance equipment . This short clip from the Bellagio robbery garnered international attention upon its release last year . You can see the suspect fleeing the scene with their motorcycle helmet disguise and less foresight than Mr. Magoo .
Carleo was arrested as the Bellagio robber on January 28th of this year . The Las Vegas Police were sparing on the details of their capture , but according to the Las Vegas Sun , they were taken into custody after officers arranged a sting . Having discovered that their chips were essentially worthless , they were attempting to sell the $ 25,000 ones to hapless dupes before Bellagio completely discontinued the denomination ( an action which occurred last month ) .
I know what you 're thinking : Carleo was a fool . If you want to succeed in robbing a casino you have to avoid the chips and go for the cash . O ye of little paranoia , the future could see that possibility foiled as well . Current forms of currency tracking are meager in comparison to casino chips , but there 's no reason to think that RFID tags could n't easily be included , especially in large denomination bills . And let 's not forget that we 're moving towards non-currency forms of payments anyways . Credit cards are taking a larger and larger share of transactions , and we 've seen how biometric technology like iris scans could replace your wallet with your body when it comes to paying even minuscule bills . Whether it 's a dollar bill or plastic , currency is going digital , and with that transformation comes all the tracking feats you can dream up ; from anti-theft benefits to government tracking concerns . The currency of tomorrow will resemble modern casino chips more and more…if we do n't discontinue it outright .
But let 's not get too upset by that . As I just said , we 've already made the leap towards digital tracking via our increased use of plastic as payment . There are dangers involved with that , but also some great benefits . I 've been robbed via my credit card number three times . I never paid for a cent of those thefts because I could dispute payments with my bank/credit card company . If we start to adopt biometrically enhanced forms of ID and payment then concerns of identity theft could be lessened as well . Digital money can be scary , but it can also be a great way to insulate consumers from theft .
As Carleo 's misadventure at the Bellagio goes to show , casinos are n't the easy-targets some may think they are . The same technology that makes Las Vegas resemble Fort Knox could spread to all forms of cash . If RFID does n't curb robbery , then biometrics might . Crime is paying less and less everyday . Which is why Clooney should make their next Ocean 's movie very soon .
[ source : Las Vegas Sun , Minyanville ]
During their acceptance speech for Best Hip-Hop Video at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday night , Nicki Minaj called out Miley Cyrus for an interview Cyrus gave to the New York Times late last week .
“ You know who I want to thank tonight ? My pastor , ” Minaj said . “ I love you so much . And now , back to this bitch that had a lot to say about me in the press . Miley what 's good ? ” A source close to MTV told EW that the incident was not staged .
via GIPHY
Cyrus ' interview in question touched on Minaj 's response to being shut out of the Video of the Year category by the VMAs . Minaj tweeted at the time , “ If I was a different ‘ kind ' of artist , ‘ Anaconda ' would be nominated for best choreo and vid of the year as well… If your video celebrates women with very slim bodies , you will be nominated for vid of the year. ” ( Cyrus won Video of the Year in 2014 for “ Wrecking Ball . ” )
“ People forget that the choices that they make and how they treat people in life affect you in a really big way , ” Cyrus told the Times . “ If you do things with an open heart and you come at things with love , you would be heard and I would respect your statement . But I do n't respect your statement because of the anger that came with it . [ … ] If you want to make it about race , there 's a way you could do that . But do n't make it just about yourself . Say : ‘ This is the reason why I think it 's important to be nominated . There are girls everywhere with this body type . ' ”
They went on to add that Minaj 's words were “ not too kind ” and “ not very polite , ” but instead “ very Nicki Minaj . ”
“ I know you can make it seem like , ‘ Oh I just do n't understand because I 'm a white pop star . ' ” Cyrus continued . “ I know the statistics . I know what 's going on in the world… But to be honest , I do n't think MTV did that on purpose . ”
Cyrus was apparently caught off-guard by Minaj 's comments on Sunday . “ We 're all in this industry . We all do interviews . We all know how they manipulate . Nicki , congratulations , ” they said , before plugging the show . “ Just because the VMAs have already started does n't mean they 're voting is done you can still vote at home for who you think is the future of music . It 's the Artist to Watch award . The past winners of this award gone on to incredible success and the past losers of the awards have still gone on to make their mark on the VMA stage . Me . I lost this award back i 2008 and I was fine with it . Whatever , because it 's no big deal ! It 's just an award and I persevered ! So here are the nominees still vying for your vote . Congratulations , Nicki . ”
In the moments after Minaj 's remarks , the rapper tweeted “ Lmfaooooooooooooo ” with a trio of heart-eye emoji .
Lmfaooooooooooooo 😍😍😍 — NICKI MINAJ ( @ NICKIMINAJ ) August 31 , 2015
Related Stories
•Kanye West jokes he 's running for president , admits he 's high in epic VMAs speech
•Taylor Swift debuts ‘ Wildest Dreams ' music video before the VMAs
•Nicki Minaj brings out Taylor Swift to open the 2015 MTV VMAs
•Taylor Swift brought their ‘ Bad Blood ' squad to the VMAs red carpet
•Nicki Minaj calls out Miley Cyrus at VMAs 2015 for controversial interview
•Nicki Minaj brings out Taylor Swift to open the 2015 MTV VMAs
•Justin Bieber releases music video for ‘ What Do You Mean ? '
•Justin Bieber cries after MTV VMAs performance
•Nicki Minaj 's Miley Cyrus comments at the VMAs were not staged : Source
•Demi Lovato performs ‘ Cool For The Summer ' with Iggy Azalea at VMAs
•The Weeknd brings Kanye West to their feet with ‘ Ca n't Feel My Face ' at VMAs
•Macklemore and Ryan Lewis take the VMAs ‘ Downtown '
•Miley Cyrus opens the 2015 VMAs with Instagram lessons from Andy Samberg , Ike Barinholtz
•5 Seconds of Summer wins 2015 Song of the Summer VMA for ‘ She 's Kinda Hot '
•Billy Ray Cyrus is live-tweeting the VMAs
WANT MORE EW ? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies , television and music .
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Near downtown Houston , there is an enormous graveyard full of slaves , confederate solders , members of secrete societies and even a mass grave containing the jumbled remains of victims from the 1867 yellow fever outbreak . This purportedly haunted graveyard has designated places for “ Paupers , Negroes , Families and those that committed suicide or died in a duel. ” While the cemetery is large and packed full of human remains , you would n't know 10,000 corpses were under your feet if you took a walk through the cemetery today because the headstones were removed and an insane asylum was built over the graves .
That 's right . You might be thinking of the movie Poltergeist right now and you would n't be far from the truth . In 1986 , construction on the Houston Fire Department maintenance building unearthed dozens of unmarked graves . Legend has it that a number of human bones were stolen by locals who came out to gawk at the then exposed graves .
Numerous stories of ghostly doctors , nurses and patients exist and activity is supposedly concentrated on the 3rd floor of the hospital . Some paranormal investigators have photographed what they claim to be ghostly “ orbs ” floating in front of the hospital . A local paranormal organization called Lone Star Spirits claims that they 've received first-hand reports from people who claim that ghosts followed people home after visiting the old hospital . To me , stories like this are very reminiscent of the supposed Demon Road haunting and just as credible .
On April 8 , 1840 , the City of Houston purchased five acres in the First Ward from brothers Henry R. and Samuel L. Allen for $ 750 . This became Houston 's first City-owned cemetery and was the second cemetery built in Houston . The 1840 City ordnance that established the cemetery stated that the cemetery would be segregated into four sections : “ 1 . ) A Potters Field for criminals , suicides and the persons killed in duels ; 2 . ) the Negroes Burying Ground ; 3 . ) the Commons for all not otherwise provided for ; and , 4 . ) Family Plots for sale to the highest bidder . Later , a special section of the cemetery was set aside for members of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows and the Masons . The City discontinued use of the cemetery in 1879 . Afterwards , the only new burials that took place occurred in family plots – the last of which took place in 1904 .
The Jefferson Davis hospital was named after the President of the Confederacy and is built on the graves of slaves and confederate solders alike . It 's estimated that as many as 3,000 graves lie under the hospital . The hospital was built in 1924 and features an above-ground basement because the builders did n't want to disturb the graves .
The only accessible evidence that this location is in fact a cemetery full of human remains is the concrete curbing surrounding the Super family plot which now serves as a flower bed . This evidence remains because during the construction of the hospital , Mr. Super stood vigil over their family plot with a loaded shotgun . It 's reported that Super actually took a few pot-shots at construction workers who got too close to their family 's remains . In 2006 a new marker was placed withing the confines of the Fire Department maintenance facility to remember the confederate solders buried under the parking lot of the Houston Fired Department maintenance building .
The first floor of the old hospital held the pharmacy and the so-called “ negro-ward. ” The second floor held staff quarters and the men 's ward . The third floor held the women 's ward an asylum complete with padded rooms . The fourth floor held the children 's ward . The hospital closed its doors after only 13 years of service and a new larger hospital was built on Allen Parkway . The old hospital was used for various purposes over the years ( including acting a psychiatric hospital , STD clinic and a City storage building ) before being completely abandoned in the 1990s .
Today the old Jefferson David Hospital is knowns as the “ Elder Street Artist Lofts. ” While the hospital was rehabed , its old power station was not is still standing in ruins :
The only other interesting structures are these two abandoned homes that stand empty across the street from the abandoned power house :
Perhaps the most interesting and noteworthy thing about this plot of land is that when the Fire Department expansion uncovered human remains , archaeologists uncovered graves that were much , much older than any that should be in the area . In 1986 Ken Brown , professor of Archeology at the University of Houston led a team of researchers who discovered 40 graves which dated back to the 1600s . Both the burial style and accompanying pottery discovered with the remains are consistent with English practices for the disposal of diseased bodies .
You scoffed when Intel said its new Skylake CPUs could be overclocked , but somehow you should have expected this . Asus just unveiled its flagship GX700 laptop at IFA , the German version of CES—a laptop that will be overclocked and water-cooled .
Details on the GX700 are very sparse but what we do know is it 'll feature a 17-inch 4K display , an overclocked quad-core Skylake mobile `` K-series '' chip , and yes , water-cooling .
The water cooler hardware must be that junk in the trunk—the gigantic bulbous butt—that sticks out the rear . Yes , yes , I 'm sure you 're wondering on what planet this qualifies as a `` laptop '' but I 'm going to imagine that Asus has rigged some clever way for it to dock and undock . When on the road , you run at normal speeds , but once home , you dock your GX700 , the flood gates open and you kick the GPU and CPU into overclocked heaven .
Undocked , it 'll still be fast , but it wo n't be watercooled . We 're hoping to get a hand on with the GX700 at IFA .
The other tease is the the laptop will feature a `` GeForce GTX graphics ( TBD ) '' card . That 's essentially a double-handshake way of saying `` new graphics card . ''
Asus Asus ' new G752 series will feature quad-core Skylake CPUs and up to 64GB of DDR4 RAM .
This is n't Asus ' only news though . The company also revealed its 17-inch ROG G752 , which also uses Intel 's new Skylake processors . Three levels of the G752 will be available with graphics spanning the GeForce GTX 965m up to a GeForce GTX 980m . CPUs will include the Core i7-6700HQ up to the Core i7-6820HK chip with up to 64GB of DDR4 aboard .
All three will support M.2 PCIe drives with NVME and 2.5-inch SATA devices . The price of the G752-series starts at $ 1,500 .
Let 's close out with that picture of the GX700 again , so your jaw can drop as you try to figure out how the heck Asus is going to pull this one off . I for one ca n't wait to see how this beast actually works .
Asus Asus ' new GX700 is water-cooled . Yes , water-cooled .
$ ./nampi_selector.sh
> nampi_2018 ( v2 ) < nampi_2016 ( v1 )
$ ./faim_workshop.sh
███╗ ██╗ █████╗ ███╗ ███╗██████╗ ██╗ ████╗ ██║██╔══██╗████╗ ████║██╔══██╗██║ ██╔██╗ ██║███████║██╔████╔██║██████╔╝██║ ██║╚██╗██║██╔══██║██║╚██╔╝██║██╔═══╝ ██║ ██║ ╚████║██║ ██║██║ ╚═╝ ██║██║ ██║ ╚═╝ ╚═══╝╚═╝ ╚═╝╚═╝ ╚═╝╚═╝ ╚═╝ v2.0 Neural Abstract Machines & Program Induction v2 { : A Federated Artificial Intelligence Meeting ( FAIM ) workshop ( ICML , IJCAI/ECAI , AAMAS )
: Stockholm , Sweden
: July 15th }
> import nampi as np > > print ( np.abstract )
Machine intelligence capable of learning complex procedural behavior , inducing ( latent ) programs , and reasoning with these programs is a key to solving artificial intelligence . The problems of learning procedural behavior and program induction have been studied from different perspectives in many computer science fields such as program synthesis [ 1 ] , probabilistic programming [ 2 ] , inductive logic programming [ 3 ] , reinforcement learning [ 4 ] , and recently in deep learning . However , despite the common goal , there seems to be little communication and collaboration between the different fields focused on this problem . Recently , there have been a lot of success stories in the deep learning community related to learning neural networks capable of using trainable memory abstractions . This has led to the development of neural networks with differentiable data structures such as Differentiable Neural Computers [ 5 ] , Memory Networks [ 6 ] , Neural Stacks [ 7 , 8 ] , and Hierarchical Attentive Memory [ 9 ] , as well as complex differentiable interpreters [ 10 , 11 ] able to combine differentiable structures with program induction and execution . Simultaneously , neural program induction models like Neural Program Interpreters [ 12 ] and Neural Programmer [ 13 ] and DeepCoder [ 14 ] have created a lot of excitement in the field , promising induction of algorithmic behavior , programs , and enabling inclusion of programming languages in the processes of execution and induction , while staying end-to-end trainable . Trainable program induction models have the potential to make a substantial impact in many problems involving long-term memory , reasoning , and procedural execution , such as question answering , dialog , and robotics . The aim of the NAMPI workshop is to bring researchers and practitioners from both academia and industry , in the areas of deep learning , program synthesis , probabilistic programming , programming languages , inductive programming and reinforcement learning , together to exchange ideas on the future of program induction with a special focus on neural network models and abstract machines . Through this workshop we look to identify common challenges , exchange ideas among and lessons learned from the different fields , as well as establish a ( set of ) standard evaluation benchmark ( s ) for approaches that learn with abstraction and/or reason with induced programs .
> print ( np.call_for_participation )
We encourage visionary and position papers , as well as work-in-progress submissions . We also accept previously published papers and cross-submissions , but will not include them in the workshop proceedings .
Standard Workshop Paper
The submissions for regular workshop papers should be substantially original and novel . They should not exceed more than 4 pages , excluding references . The submissions should be anonymised as we will organise a double-blind review with open comments on openreview.net . Authors will be expected to present a poster , and the camera-ready versions must be uploaded to arXiv , as it will be displayed on the workshop webpage . The papers should be submitted to https : //openreview.net/group ? id=ICML.cc/2018/Workshop/NAMPI
Preliminary work and cross-submissions can be submitted as a 2 page extended abstract . The authors will be expected to present a poster , however , these papers do not count as NAMPI workshop papers and will not be included in the workshop proceedings , though they will be posted on the workshop webpage . Interested authors should submit their extended abstracts to nampi @ googlegroups.com . Papers in this category do not need to be anonymised and their selection will be determined at the discretion of the organising committee .
Work-in-progress & cross-submissionsAll submissions should be typeset in ICML format.Full CFP is available here
> print ( np.key_dates )
Paper submission deadline : June 8th ( extended )
Notification of acceptance : June 23rd
Final Papers Due : June 27th
NAMPI workshop : July 15th
Deadlines are at 11:59pm PDT .
> print ( np.area_header ) > for area_of_interest in sorted ( np.areas ) : \ > print ( `` - % s '' % area_of_interest )
Areas of interest for discussion and submissions include , but are not limited to : - Applications - Compositionality in Representation Learning - Differentiable Memory - Differentiable Data Structures - Function and ( sub- ) Program Compositionality - Inductive Logic Programming - Knowledge Representation in Neural Abstract Structures - Large-scale Program Induction - Machine learning -guided programming
- Meta-Learning and Self-improving - Neural Abstract Machines - Optimisation methods for Program Induction
- Program Induction : Datasets , Tasks , and Evaluation - Program Synthesis - Probabilistic Programming - Reinforcement Learning for Program Induction - Semantic Parsing
> for speaker in np.speakers : \ > print ( `` ∘ % s ( % s ) '' % ( speaker.name , speaker.affiliation ) )
> print ( np.schedule ) > print ( np.recording_notification )
08:50-09:00 Opening Remarks 09:00-09:30 Dawn Song : Deep Learning for Program synthesis : Lessons & Open Challenges [ VIDEO ] [ slides ] 09:30-10:00 Armando Solar-Lezama : Program synthesis and ML join forces [ VIDEO ] [ slides ] 10:00-10:30 Coffee Break 10:30-11:00 Sumit Gulwani : Programming by Examples : Logical Reasoning meets Machine Learning [ VIDEO ] [ slides ] 11:00-11:30 Brenden Lake : Program induction for building more human-like machine learning algorithms [ VIDEO ] 11:30-12:00 Satinder Singh : Program Induction and Language : Two Vignettes [ VIDEO ] 12:00-12:30 Oriol Vinyals : Generating Visual Programs with Agents [ VIDEO ] 12:30-14:00 Lunch Break 14:00-14:30 Rishabh Singh : Neural Meta Program Synthesis [ VIDEO ] [ slides ] 14:30-15:00 Veselin Raychev : Interpretable Probabilistic Models for Code [ VIDEO ] 15:00-15:30 Richard Evans : Differentiable Inductive Logic Programming . [ VIDEO ] [ slides ] 15:30-15:35 Best Paper Award
15:35-16:50 Poster Session and Coffe Break with mingling refreshments† 16:50-18:00 Panel with Sumit Gulwani , Brenden Lake , Percy Liang , Rishabh Singh , Armando Solar-Lezama and Joshua Tenenbaum [ VIDEO ] All video recordings * can be found in this playlist .
> for paper in np.accepted_papers : \ > print ( `` ∘ % s ( % s ) '' % ( ( `` [ BEST PAPER AWARD ] `` if paper . the best else `` ) + paper.authors , paper.title ) )
Surya Bhupatiraju , Kumar Krishna Agrawal , Rishabh Singh : Towards Mixed Optimization forReinforcement Learning with Program Synthesis [ OpenReview ] [ arXiv ]
Michael Chang , Abhishek Gupta , Thomas Griffiths , Sergey Levine : Automatically Constructing Compositional and Recursive Learners [ OpenReview ] [ arXiv ]
Mehdi Drissi , Olivia Watkins , Aditya Khant , Vivaswat Ojha , Pedro Sandoval , Rakia Segev , Eric Weiner , Robert Keller : Program Language Translation Using a Grammar-Driven Tree-to-Tree Model [ OpenReview ] [ arXiv ]
‡ [ BEST PAPER AWARD ] [ OpenReview ] [ arXiv ]
[ OpenReview ] [ arXiv ] Pasquale Minervini , Matko Bošnjak , Tim Rocktäschel , Sebastian Riedel : Towards Neural Theorem Proving at Scale [ OpenReview ] [ arXiv ]
Chenglong Wang , Po-Sen Huang , Alex Polozov , Marc Brockschmidt , Rishabh Singh : Execution-Guided Neural Program Decoding [ OpenReview ] [ arXiv ]
Maksym Zavershynskyi , Alex Skidanov , Illia Polosukhin : NAPS : Natural Program Synthesis Dataset [ OpenReview ] [ arXiv ]
> for paper in np.accepted_extended_abstracts : \ > print ( `` ∘ % s ( % s ) '' % ( paper.authors , paper.title ) )
> for organizer in np.organizers : \ > print ( `` ∘ % s ( % s ) '' % ( organizer.name , organizer.affiliation ) )
Matko Bošnjak ( University College London )
Sebastian Riedel ( University College London )
Tim Rocktäschel ( University of Oxford )
Rob Zinkov ( University of Oxford )
> for pc_member in np.pc_members : \ > print ( `` ∘ % s ( % s ) '' % ( pc_member.name , pc_member.affiliation ) )
Marc Brockschmidt ( Microsoft Research )
Ivo Danihelka ( DeepMind )
Richard Evans ( DeepMind )
Alexander Gaunt ( Microsoft Research )
Edward Grefenstette ( DeepMind )
Caglar Gulcehre ( University of Montreal )
Lukasz Kaiser ( Google Brain )
Kristian Kersting ( TU Darmstadt )
Pasquale Minervini ( University College London )
Sameer Singh ( UC Irvine )
Luke Zettlemoyer ( University of Washington )
> for sponsor in np.sponsors : \ > Image.open ( sponsor.logo ) .show ( )
> raise np.TravelBursaryException ( 'Travel Bursaries available ! ' )
Thanks to our generous sponsors§ , we will be able to support a few travel bursaries . Preference will be given to ( student ) authors of admitted papers . For more details and the application drop us a line at nampi @ googlegroups.com .
> for i , reference in enumerate ( np.references ) : \ > print ( `` [ % d ] % s '' % ( i + 1 , reference ) )
[ 1 ] Manna , Zohar , and Richard Waldinger . `` A deductive approach to program synthesis . '' ACM Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems ( TOPLAS ) 2.1 ( 1980 ) : 90-121 . [ 2 ] McCallum , Andrew , Karl Schultz , and Sameer Singh . `` Factorie : Probabilistic programming via imperatively defined factor graphs . '' Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems . ( 2009 ) [ 3 ] Muggleton , Stephen , and Luc De Raedt . `` Inductive logic programming : Theory and methods . '' The Journal of Logic Programming 19 ( 1994 ) : 629-679 . [ 4 ] Sutton , Richard S. , and Andrew G. Barto . `` Reinforcement learning : An introduction . '' Vol . 1 . No . 1 . Cambridge : MIT press , ( 1998 ) [ 5 ] Graves , Alex , Greg Wayne , and Ivo Danihelka . `` Neural turing machines . '' arXiv preprint arXiv:1410.5401 ( 2014 ) . [ 6 ] Weston , Jason , Sumit Chopra , and Antoine Bordes . `` Memory networks . '' International Conference on Learning Representations ( 2014 ) . [ 7 ] Grefenstette , Edward , et al . `` Learning to transduce with unbounded memory . '' Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems . ( 2015 ) [ 8 ] Joulin , Armand , and Tomas Mikolov . `` Inferring algorithmic patterns with stack-augmented recurrent nets . '' Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems . ( 2015 ) [ 9 ] Andrychowicz , Marcin , and Karol Kurach . `` Learning Efficient Algorithms with Hierarchical Attentive Memory . '' arXiv preprint arXiv:1602.03218 ( 2016 ) . [ 10 ] Bošnjak , Matko , et al . `` Programming With a Differentiable Forth Interpreter . '' International Conference on Machine Learning , ( 2016 ) [ 11 ] Gaunt , Alexander L. , et al . `` Terpret : A probabilistic programming language for program induction . '' arXiv preprint arXiv:1608.04428 ( 2016 ) . [ 12 ] Reed , Scott , and Nando de Freitas . `` Neural programmer-interpreters . '' International Conference on Learning Representations ( 2016 ) . [ 13 ] Neelakantan , Arvind , Quoc V. Le , and Ilya Sutskever . `` Neural programmer : Inducing latent programs with gradient descent . '' International Conference on Learning Representations ( 2016 ) . [ 13 ] Balog , Matej , et al . `` Deepcoder : Learning to write programs . '' arXiv preprint arXiv:1611.01989 ( 2016 ) .
Coordinates :
Patrick Henry High School is a public high school in San Diego , California . It is part of the San Diego Unified School District . It is attended by students in grades 9-12 residing in Del Cerro , San Carlos , Allied Gardens , Mission Valley and the College Area .
It is a four-year high school accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges . The 57-acre ( 230,000 m2 ) campus includes a counseling center , child development center , computer and science labs , a cafetorium , library and a performing arts theater . Patrick Henry is a member school of the National Association of College Admissions Counselors and complies with the NACAC statement of principles of good conduct . [ citation needed ]
The school participates in the Voluntary Ethnic Enrollment Program ( VEEP ) whereby approximately 600 students travel daily from a minority community and are regularly enrolled , full-time students . In 2009 , the ethnic composition of the school represented more than 20 ethnic groups , PHHS is composed of approximately 64.8 % White , 29.4 % Hispanic , 2.4 % African-American and 3.4 % other ethnicities .
History [ edit ]
Patrick Henry High School opened in 1968 , and had a grant from the Danforth Foundation as an `` experimental '' public school . Principal Donald W. Giddings had their pick of any teacher in the San Diego Public School system for their start up campus . The student body in 1968 consisted of juniors and sophomores only , and it became a 3 year high school the following year . Classes were scheduled around a twenty-minute modular system with some `` classes '' consisting of two `` mods '' and others were three `` mods '' . In the beginning , most classes were `` independent study '' , and the campus was open , so that students could make use of any community resources to enhance learning . But , most students were in summer school those first 2 years , having spent a lot of independent study time talking to friends in the `` quad '' . The school modified the program , offering learning objectives , learning packs , and the ability to complete coursework at one 's own pace ( with teachers always available ) . Independent study was still available , but the motivated student needed to petition the independent study `` teacher '' who then worked with students on curriculum and community resource development . Over time , Patrick Henry became a more and more traditional school . Nonetheless , the early experiment was successful in bringing unusual ( for the time ) courses and great flexibility in learning . In 1972 , a peer counseling class was instituted . Students accelerated their studies in languages , literature , the sciences , and other areas . Some graduated early as a result , while others chose to become even better prepared for college . By 1973 , Patrick Henry had numerous advanced placement classes , including English and Art History , the latter being rather rare at that time .
In the late 1970s Patrick Henry was the first of only a few high schools in the San Diego area to have a smoking section , which was eventually removed some years later .
Patrick Henry High School attendance area
On January 5 , 1984 , the San Diego Police Department executed one of the largest and most controversial narcotics raids in the department 's history- arresting 63 Patrick Henry High students , who had allegedly sold drugs to an undercover officer posing as a student . [ 3 ]
On January 3 , 2007 the San Diego Police department again executed a narcotics raid resulting in the arrest of 15 students from Patrick Henry and University High Schools . The students were taken into custody and booked on suspicion of narcotics offenses , including possession for sale . Undercover SDPD officers posed as students and bought narcotics , including marijuana , Ecstasy , psychedelic mushrooms and prescription medications . [ 4 ]
In the school year of 2011 to 2012 , Patrick Henry received local , national , and international media attention for four different occurrences . In October 2011 , Patrick Henry elected the nation 's first lesbian couple as homecoming king and queen . The story was covered internationally and led to both support and opposition . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] In late February 2012 , a teacher allegedly told a female student who asked to go to the bathroom that they would have to urinate in a bucket in a back room , and the student obliged ; the teacher was consequently fired . [ 8 ] On March 17 , Saint Patrick 's Day of 2012 , a campus cop who worked at Patrick Henry was arrested on charges of auto theft and driving under the influence , after taking the wheel of a shuttle-bus while intoxicated . [ 9 ] On March 22 , 2012 , three Patrick Henry students organized a protest to defend their teachers who had recently been issued pink slips by the San Diego Unified School District . Students signed a petition during lunch , wrote letters to the Superintendent of the district and other members of the school board . Additionally , over 200 students participated in a walk-out for an hour to show their support for their teachers . [ 10 ]
College admissions [ edit ]
The school was designated a California Distinguished School in 1999 . [ citation needed ] In 2000 and again in 2003 , Newsweek Magazine listed Patrick Henry as being among the top one percent of high schools in the nation . [ citation needed ] The 2005 Academic Performance Index ( API ) has continued to rise and was 748 in 2009 ( an API of 800 is the target ) . [ citation needed ]
Campus [ edit ]
The San Diego Community College , Navajo campus , is co-located on the school site , adjacent to the main building .
Sports [ edit ]
The mascot of Patrick Henry High School is the Patriot .
In 2017 the school 's robotics club , the Patribots , won the FIRST San Diego Regional and competed at the international championships in Houston . [ 11 ]
International [ edit ]
Twinning Arrangements [ edit ]
The high-school has long established exchange partnerships with the 'Institution Saint Michel : Collège and Lycée ' , a Catholic Secondary School with boarding facilities located in Solesmes , France . Common projects have been carried out with Saint-Michel for 'Lille World Fora ' ( The Global forum for a Sustainable Economy ) through delegated cohorts of students who presented their work on water pollution and the environmental impact of pesticides in Lille . They were all convened by Professor Jeanne-Marie DINEUR and had the privilege of being lectured by and dialogue with major international figures such as Muhammad Yunus ( Nobel Peace Prize - Bangladesh ) ; Jeremy Rifkin ( economist - USA ) ; Ellen MacArthur ( committed sailor - Great Britain ) ; Youssou N'Dour ( musician - Senegal ) ; Wangari Maathai ( Nobel Peace Prize - Kenya ) and Shirin Ebadi ( Nobel Peace Prize - Iran ) .Professor Jeanne-Marie DINEUR is knighted under the Order of Academic Palms ( French : Chevalier de l'Ordre des Palmes académiques ) bestowed by the French Republic for their numerous and distinguished contributions to education and culture . [ 12 ]
Notable alumni [ edit ]
The Air Jordan 1 Metallic Red will be returning this May 2017 and this time they 'll include Nike Air branding . This just adds to the massive Air Jordan 1 lineup that Jordan Brand has been dropping .
Advertisment
Jordan Brand will be bringing back the original “ Metallic Red ” colorway of the Air Jordan 1 . For this retro release , the shoe will re-release for the first time with Nike Air branding on the tongue and will not include a Jumpman on the heels .
Air Jordan 1 Metallic Red Release Date
You can expect to see the Air Jordan 1 Retro High OG “ Metallic Red ” make its debut on May 6th , 2017 at select Jordan Brand retail stores . The retail price tag is set at $ 160 USD .
Let us know what you guys think of the news in the comments section and stay tuned to Sneaker Bar for more updates .
Air Jordan 1 Retro High OG “ Metallic Red ”
White/Varsity Red
555088-103
May 6 , 2017
$ 160
RELATED : Air Jordan Release Dates
UPDATE : Nike releases official images of the “ Metallic Red ” Air Jordan 1 .
UPDATE : Detailed look at the Air Jordan 1 “ Metallic Red ” 2017 Retro .
UPDATE : First look at the Air Jordan 1 Retro High OG “ Metallic Red ” via Kinstor .
( Images below are not the 2017 Retro Air Jordan 1 “ Metallic Red ” )
Source : soleheatonfeet
At a press conference in the lobby of Trump Tower on Tuesday , President Donald Trump doubled down on their original comments that “ many sides ” were responsible for the violent rallies in Charlottesville , VA. where a man believed to be a white supremacist allegedly drove their car into a crowd of counter demonstrators , killing a woman in the process .
During the press conference , Trump defended a procession that included torch-carrying white nationalists who chanted “ blood and soil ” and “ Jews will not replace us , ” by reducing them to “ people protesting very quietly the taking down of statue of Robert E. Lee . ”
Following their remarks , the President received backlash for their comments , especially online where the public sounded off on their press conference . Some of their most vocal detractors on the Internet were high-profile celebrities who used their platform to not only critique the President but to show support for communities who were marginalized by their stance .
See celebrity responses to Trump 's Charlottesville press conference below .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Noted critic of Trump Chrissy Teigen took to their Twitter to sound off on the President 's comments .
While their husband John Legend stated that they supported the removal of the statue that sparked the rallies .
Lady Gaga asked their followers what they thought of Trump 's comments .
LeBron James pointed out that racism and hate have existed long before Donald Trump was president .
Chris Evans could n't get over the press conference remarks .
Questlove had a Captain America-themed response to Evans ' reaction .
Mandy Moore had similar feelings .
While John Mayer called on the power of the people .
Demi Lovato bristled at Trump 's defense of those linked to white nationalists and neo-Nazis .
Bette Midler used their trademark wit to critique Trump 's statements .
While Chelsea Handler called on presidents past to hold Donald Trump accountable .
Lin-Manuel Miranda issued a call to action .
As did Mark Ruffalo .
Elizabeth Banks agreed with their thinking .
As did Don Cheadle .
J.K. Rowling wryly found a silver lining .
While Mia Farrow pointed to this press conference as part of a larger problem .
Barbra Streisand felt that the president was showing their true colors .
Michael Moore led a protest in New York City that Mark Ruffalo , Zoe Kazan , and Olivia Wilde participated in .
Jessica Chastain and Kirk Franklin offered encouragement to those who were made to feel less than by Trump 's remarks .
Gabrielle Union called for action , not silence .
Zach Braff thought that the President was relying on “ alternative facts . ”
While Alyssa Milano pointed out that the President should not make false comparisons .
Ava DuVernay had a visceral response to the President 's remarks .
George Takei made a case for the alt-left .
Sarah Silverman had a message for the president .
Gigi Hadid sounded off on what they felt were limitations to the First Ammendment .
Kumail Nanjiani questioned how someone could support the ideas that the President expressed .
Clay Aiken rescinded their former view that Donald Trump was n't racist .
While Camila Cabello called for impeachment .
Damien Chazelle joined Twitter just to sound off on how they felt about Trump 's comments .
Write to Cady Lang at cady.lang @ timemagazine.com .
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - A senior Houthi leader said efforts to convene U.N.-backed peace talks for Yemen were failing and blamed the United States and Saudi Arabia for continued aggression .
Houthi militants stand at the site of a Saudi-led air strike which targeted a tunnel leading to the presidential house near the Petrol Station in Yemen 's capital Sanaa , October 1 , 2015 . REUTERS/Mohamed al-Sayaghi
The U.N. envoy Ould Cheikh Ahmed said last week they were hoping to begin preparatory talks with the government and Houthis separately and expected formal talks between the sides “ in the coming weeks ” .
“ All understandings for a political solution leading to the cessation of aggression have failed , ” Houthi spokesperson Saleh al-Samad wrote on Facebook .
“ Statements put out by the media of the aggressor do nothing but deceive and mislead . ”
A Saudi-led coalition has been carrying out air strikes on Houthi positions for seven months , seeking to restore the Yemeni government forced into exile last year after the Iran-allied rebels took over the capital of Sanaa .
The Houthis accuse the Saudi coalition of acting to further U.S. ambitions to dominate the region .
Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told a news conference in Riyadh on Thursday that the bombing campaign may soon end , noting the acceptance of U.N. Security Council Resolution 2216 by the Houthis and affiliated militias .
The U.N envoy wants the talks to focus on main elements of the resolution - withdrawing militias from key cities , releasing prisoners , returning heavy weapons seized from the army , improving the humanitarian situation and resuming dialogue .
Houthi leaders endorsed the plan in early October and agreed to join the U.N.-backed talks .
But Samad 's statement called for the Houthis to intensify their bid for power .
“ We should be patient and move with strength and courage in the face of aggression , to fortify our country against domination , ” they wrote .
“ We must redouble our efforts and exert ourselves to the utmost , ensuring the sacrifices made by our people over the past months do not go to waste . ”
Previous U.N.-sponsored peace talks faltered in June after President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi 's government demanded the Houthis pull out of cities captured since last September as a precondition for a ceasefire .
The Saudi-led coalition has since made progress on the battlefield , taking control of the southern port city of Aden in July and claiming territory in Taiz in the past week .
But the Houthis retain control of much of Yemen , despite almost daily air bombardment . The fighting has killed some 5,600 people in the Arabian Peninsula 's poorest country .
In an effort to combat `` religious extremists , '' China has announced a series of bans on a range of physical attributes , including `` abnormal beards '' and the wearing of veils in public places .
While China claims that the measures are in place to fight `` extremists , '' many of them appear to cover traditional Muslim custom , and will be enforced in Xinjiang , home to the country 's largest Muslim population .
Under the 15 new rules , workers in public places will be asked to `` dissuade '' those who fully cover their bodies , including the wearing of veils and the growing of `` abnormal beards . ''
Image : Getty Images
The legislation also says people can not reject `` radio , television and other public facilities . ''
It goes on to mention that people will also be prosecuted for `` intervening in others ' secular lives . ''
Xinjiang has a population of eight million Uighurs , a Turkic ethnic group that faces growing tension with the majority Han Chinese population .
Despite measures over the years that appear to discriminate against the Uighurs , China insists that the legal , cultural and religious rights of the minority group are fully protected .
In 2014 , a city in Xinjiang banned people with beards and those wearing veils from boarding buses .
Image : getty images
President Xi had earlier this month called for a `` great wall of iron '' to safeguard the western region of Xinjiang , following an Islamic State video that was posted , showing what appeared to be Uighur fighters undergoing training .
The fighters announced in the video that they would `` shed blood like rivers and avenge the oppressed '' when they returned to Xinjiang .
These days we tend to think of physicists as people who are seeking answers to the biggest questions about how the universe works , but it turns out they can solve some of the most vexing first-world problems too . ABC News reports that U.K. physicist Robert Matthews of Aston University in Birmingham has come up with an insanely simple way to make sure that your earbuds do n't get tangled : Just clip them together at key spots .
As you can see in the graphic below , simply using two clips — one to clip the earbud wires in place and another to clip the earbuds in place near the headphone jack — can apparently give you a set of tangle-free headphones that you can stow away in your pocket .
“ First , by forming the loop you 've effectively reduced the length of string able to explore the 3D space by 50 per cent , which makes a big difference , ” Matthews explains to ABC News . “ Second , you 've also eliminated the two ends , which are the prime movers of knot formation . ”
This is n't the only vexing little problem that Matthews is working on fixing , either — he 's also apparently done research into why your toast will always fall butter side down when you drop it .
One of the most popular arguments against the legalization of marijuana is that pot is a “ gateway ” drug with the potential to turn the great American populous into a nation of dope fiends . But today the country 's leading law enforcement official denounced this common misconception by admitting that the consumption of marijuana does not lead to the use of harder drugs .
As part of what President Obama has declared National Prescription Opioid and Heroin Epidemic Awareness Week , U.S Attorney General Loretta Lynch appeared at town hall meeting this morning in Richmond , Kentucky to discuss the dangers of opioid abuse with a group of teens .
In their opening statement , Lynch was adamant that the leading culprit behind Kentucky 's heroin epidemic was the use of prescription drugs .
“ When you look at someone that , for example , has a heroin problem , it very often started with a prescription drug problem . Something totally legal . Something ...
This article is over 3 years old
Court tells football federation to pay £5,330 to Halil İbrahim Dinçdağ , who was barred from refereeing after they came out in 2009
Turkish FA ordered to compensate referee who lost licence for being gay
The Turkish football federation ( TFF ) has been ordered to pay compensation to a referee after it revoked their licence on the grounds they were gay , according to reports .
An Istanbul court on Tuesday instructed the TFF to pay 23,000 Turkish lira ( £5,330 ) to compensate for its treatment of Halil İbrahim Dinçdağ , the Dogan news agency reported .
Turkish riot police fire water cannon and rubber pellets at Pride revellers Read more
The sum was lower than the 110,000 lira ( £25,500 ) demanded by Dinçdağ 's lawyers in a case that had become a symbol of discrimination against gay people in Turkey 's largely conservative society .
The TFF had said that since they were exempt from military service due to their homosexuality , Dinçdağ fell into the army 's classification of unfit and was unable to do the job of refereeing .
Dinçdağ had been a referee in the Trabzon region of north-eastern Turkey but had their licence revoked in 2009 after publicly coming out as gay .
A building at a factory in Hunan Province , China that produces gunpowder for use in fireworks was obliterated following an explosion that rocked a neighboring community on the morning of May 28 . The plant 's management issued a statement saying , “ It was completely destroyed so we do n't know the cause . However , it was a normal explosion. ” It 's hard to argue with the managers in a gunpowder factory – certainly that would be the most normal place to have an explosion .
The incident occurred roughly an hour after the plant began processing saltpeter , charcoal , and sulfur into thicker granules of black powder . These materials are mixed together in a wet environment to prevent accidental ignition and later dried to be ready for use .
According to the factory management , only one processing machine is allowed in a single building and the machines are monitored by a control room 30 meters ( 10ft ) away in accordance with safety regulations . The facility was located 3km ( 2mi ) away from the nearest village in which everyone heard the explosion .
The company had said that the blast was categorized as a “ normal explosion ” which probably is either a way to measure its severity or to suggest that there was no foul play such as terrorism involved . There 's also a good chance that an important nuance was lost in translation by the time news hit Japanese shores .
Nevertheless , Japanese netizens had a field day with it on message boards .
“ No matter how many times I read it , I ca n't get how they connect ‘ normal explosion ' with ‘ the cause is unknown . ' ” “ Normal explosion ? lol ” “ Watermelon fields , doubanjiang , tomatoes , flashlights , iPad factories , beer , 100 home appliances , and gunpowder←New ! ” “ I had a normal explosion in my pants. ” “ I was about to worry . Thank god it was a normal explosion . ”
Then again , maybe the irony of calling an explosion “ normal ” is intentionally done by those in an industry that 's literally a powder keg . It 's got to be important to keep spirits light when your entire stock , processing plants , and workforce could all be wiped out in an instant .
Actually , considering all this , who pursues a career in gunpowder manufacturing to begin with ? Sure there 's a fair bit of money to be had , but there are also so many more stable industries like snake venom extraction or bioweapon engineering to consider first .
Source : Yahoo ! Japan News via Hachima Kiko ( Japanese )
Image : Wikipedia
Image copyright AFP Image caption Taxi drivers compete strongly for fares in nearly all urban areas of the Philippines
A taxi driver in the Philippines who returned the valuable belongings of a business person after they were left behind in their cab has been rewarded at home and abroad for their honesty .
Reggie Cabututan , 30 , was honoured by the city of Baguio and offered a chance to study and work in Australia .
`` All I did was go back and return [ the ] belongings when I realised [ they had been ] left , '' they told local media .
Their actions have won online plaudits all over the world .
Australian business person Trent Shields in a Facebook post said that Mr Cabututan returned their laptop , passport and headphones worth thousands of dollars when they left them in the cab after they got out feeling unwell on Saturday .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A MacBook Pro laptop was one of the items left behind by Mr Shields in the cab and safely returned to them
`` Reggie did not know the value of the contents , the suitcase was padlocked , and it would n't have mattered if there [ was ] a million dollars or it was empty .
`` The real story should be focussed on their integrity , '' Mr Shields wrote .
`` My friend and business partner Ace Estrada put together a small Facebook post to say thank you which blew up over night and became a symbol of pride in the region .
`` Reggie embodies many of the values shared by the people of Baguio , and I was lucky enough to experience [ them ] on my trip . ''
In a separate Facebook post Mr Estrada said that as a result of their actions the taxi driver and their family would be going to Australia where they can complete a six-month software development course - run by one of Mr Shields ' companies - in June .
`` When they complete the course , they are guaranteed an internship with an Australian company , leading to a job that will pay them a good starting salary , '' they wrote .
`` Just as we were leaving for the police station to file a report , Trent 's taxi pulled in . Never was a sight more welcome than the smiling face of this driver . What an awesome win for humanity ! ''
Mr Cabututan was also presented with an award by the Baguio city government during a flag ceremony on Monday , the Philippines news website Rappler reported .
Android Oreo Introduces Command Line Interface for Themes
With the launch of Android Oreo comes a lot of time spent searching for hidden goodies within the source code . In the past , the Android engineering team has talked about enabling theming in Android O . We reported in May that the second Developer Preview of Android O may have been a hint of Google supporting the Overlay Manager Service ( OMS ) and Runtime Resource Overlay ( RRO ) , but now we know for certain it was . Android Oreo now , technically , supports OMS/RRO theming and even provides an interface for enabling or disabling themes , provided you can stomach using the command line .
Update : Substratum has been using these commands with the dev previews and now with Oreo since they were available !
What are RRO and OMS ?
RRO was developed internally by Sony for theme functionality on the Sony Xperia line . Developers who recognized its significance worked to extend its support to other ROMs , and with it came RRO theming across a multitude of devices- not just Sony devices . It ingeniously replaced resources at the app runtime , an ease of use unseen from other theming options at the time . This has evolved into OMS , which also was developed in-house by Sony . The famous Layers Manager used RRO theming originally , but OMS was later adapted into what is now known as Substratum and is the theming framework most familiar to users on our forums now . ROMs on our forums with OMS commits mean they support the standard theming engine of Substratum . “ Legacy mode ” within Substratum is using RRO theming .
Android Oreo Introduces Theme Commands
It seems Google now wishes to fully support this theme type in AOSP , possibly moving towards a full , system-supported theme manager . On the Android Gerrit , Google has made a number of changes in recent months ( and with Android Oreo ) which suggest moves to enable the theming engine system-wide . The changes are below , with links to their respective commits .
All of these changes signify a move by Google towards some form of system theming application to be included in the future . The permission listed above requires system privileges , and thus means that only a system application ( or an application with root access ) can invoke this permission . It 's interesting nonetheless , as it shows Google is finally working towards something .
So why only technically does Android Oreo support theming ? Well , the simple answer is that while you can invoke the system method of installing themes , to do so would prove rather pointless . This is because , even though you can use the new command line interface to manage installed themes , you can not actually install new themes without root access because the themes need to go into a directory that is restricted from user space . With root access you can simply enable a Substratum theme anyway , so there is no need to do it the new way . Google has not included a system application to theme the device , so until then there is no benefit whatsoever to trying to do it the newly included way .
The Command Line Theming Interface
We at XDA tested the command on a Google Pixel running the Android Oreo release . We decided to test some of the commands and firstly used
cmd overlays list
to view all pre-installed overlays . We noticed the existence of a “ com.google.android.theme.pixel ” , disabling it and instead enabling “ android.auto_generated_rro__ ” by running the following commands .
As can be seen here , the standard overlay is disabled and the auto-generated one is enabled . Running our command to view our installed overlays again , we see the following output .
This results in a newly themed Android System settings application on our Google Pixel . Note that the above overlay list also includes themes installed using Substratum , and we were able to enable/disable these just as easily .
We also found another command when digging through the source . The command is as follows
cmd overlay dump -- user 0
gives us the following output .
Output Settings
android.auto_generated_rro__:0 {
mPackageName…… . : android.auto_generated_rro__
mUserId………… : 0
mTargetPackageName . : android
mBaseCodePath…… : /vendor/overlay/framework-res__auto_generated_rro.apk
mState………… . : STATE_ENABLED
mIsEnabled……… : true
mIsStatic……… . : true
}
com.google.android.theme.pixel:0 {
mPackageName…… . : com.google.android.theme.pixel
mUserId………… : 0
mTargetPackageName . : android
mBaseCodePath…… : /vendor/overlay/Pixel/PixelThemeOverlay.apk
mState………… . : STATE_DISABLED
mIsEnabled……… : false
mIsStatic……… . : false
}
Default overlays : com.google.android.theme.pixel
PackageInfo cache
2 package ( s )
So as can be seen , Google has put a lot of work into the development of the theming engine and integrating it into AOSP source . It looks like if it were to be added system-wide , themes would be enabled within the System UI tuner . Google have also provided information for OEMs , so it 's possible that additional OEMs could enable theming support based on the AOSP version in the future on Android Oreo .
Overall , this is a very exciting development . Theming is one of the many parts that defines Android as a fully customizable operating system on your phone , even if it currently requires root for system wide themes . In the future if it were enabled to work without root access , it would be a major step in the direction of user freedom . Of course , it might be locked away in System UI tuner for quite some time ( as broken themes can break apps ) but allowing the user to even take advantage of native theme support in the first place is a huge addition to the mobile operating system .
University of Michigan hosted the Big Chill hockey match between U-M and Michigan State University in 2010 .
Theis a step closer to serving alcohol atduring the
The state House of Representative passed HB 5611 , which now awaits approval from the Senate . The bill would allow the NHL 's concessionaire to serve alcohol at the normally liquor-free Big House .
The University of Michigan and NHL announced in February that the Winter Classic —one of hockey 's largest yearly events— will take place in Ann Arbor on January 1 , 2013 . The NHL is trying to break the world record for hockey attendance , which was set at the Big Chill in 2010 when U-M faced Michigan State University at Michigan Stadium to a crowd of 104,173 .
The NHL is paying U-M $ 3 million to use Michigan Stadium for the Detroit Red Wings match against the Toronto Maple Leafs .
U-M Athletic Director Dave Brandon said in February that securing a liquor license is key to hosting the event at Michigan Stadium .
`` The NHL views it as an important element to the success of the event , '' said Rep. Mark Ouimet , R-Scio Township , who introduced the measure earlier this month . Ouimet said the NHL relies on revenue garnered from alcohol sales . `` They have to duplicate the opportunity they would have in their own arenas , '' they told AnnArbor.com .
U-M originally intended to use one of 12 special one-day liquor licenses it 's granted each year , but school officials discovered the temporary licenses are n't applicable to large crowds like the one expected at the stadium on Jan 1 , 2013 . In response , Ouimet proposed HB 5611 , which passed the House today with bipartisan support .
`` From an economic development standpoint , the amount of people this will bring to southeastern Michigan for the events leading up to the game and the game is going to be a real boon to the area , '' Ouimet said .
According to Brandon , the typical home football game generates between $ 14 and $ 15 million in business for area hotels , restaurants and merchants .
`` This I actually would suggest would be greater , '' Brandon said in February , explaining that a national event will bring more outsiders into Ann Arbor and that a noon start would likely force them to stay the night .
Ann Arbor Councilwoman Margie Teall , who lives in Burns Park near the stadium , said `` residents are concerned '' about having alcohol at Michigan Stadium .
`` I am just hoping concessionaires will be sensitive to how much people are drinking , '' Teall said . `` The concern for all of us in the city is that you 're serving this many people liquor and they 're going to get in their cars and drive somewhere . ''
University spokesperson Rick Fitzgerald said the 30-day liquor license `` does n't change anything '' and that Michigan Stadium will remain dry .
Ouimet said they do n't expect alcohol sales to create a problem during the event .
`` It will certainly be in a controlled environment , '' they said . `` There is certainly alcohol outside the stadium for home football games . I think the alcohol consumption would move inside a closed area . ''
Kellie Woodhouse covers higher education for AnnArbor.com . Reach them at kelliewoodhouse @ annarbor.com or 734-623-4602 and follow them on Twitter .
Donate
Following the collapse of ISIS ' self-proclaimed Caliphate , Israel has intensified its acts of agression against the Syrian government .
On December 5 . Israeli warplanes launched missiles on scientific research center in the area of Jumraya in northern Damascus . According to the Syrian state-run media , Syrian air defense systems intercepted three of the missiles . The rest of the missiles ( according to various reports 3 or 4 ) hit the target .
The air-defense missiles launch :
The # Syria|n # Arab Air Defense launch anti-aircraft missiles , shooting down aerial targets for the # Israel|i enemy in rural # Damascus skies . pic.twitter.com/Iqlw6QsrMH — 24 Resistance Axis ( @ Syria_Hezb_Iran ) 4 December 2017
The Israeli missiles hit the scientific research center :
# التغطية_مستمرة
متابعة عاجل
فيديو
لحظة الإنفجارات التي حصلت في محيط جمرايا بريف دمشق نتيجة اعتداء صهيوني ملاحظه الفيديو
تم تصويره بعد صوت الأنفجار الأول pic.twitter.com/Wt0k12OP7Q — raedsyrian002 ( @ raedsyrian002 ) 4 December 2017
On December 4 , alleged Israeli warplanes conducted airstrikes on the Dumair Airbase . According to reports , the airstrikes hit the radar installation and destroyed it .
On December 2 , the Israeli military launched between 4 and 6 long range ground-to-ground missiles from its positions in the Golan Heights on targets in the district of al-Kiswah south of Damascus . 3 of the missiles were downed by the Syrian Air Defense Forces .
The Israeli strikes in Syria since January 2016 :
Donate
Five board games earn MENSA SELECT® status at the 2015 Mensa Mind Games .
Arlington , TX ( PRWEB ) May 03 , 2015
325 judges , 60 competing games , and forty-four hours of nonstop board game action later , five games claim bragging rights as Mensa Select® winners ! San Diego Area Mensa hosted this year 's event at the Town and Country Resort in San Diego , Calif. Members of American Mensa , the high IQ association , selected five Mensa Select winners at its 2015 Mind Games event . Out of the 60 entries in this year 's competition , only these five will have the honor of displaying the coveted Mensa Select® seal . This year 's Mensa Select games are :
`` Castles of Mad King Ludwig , '' Bezier Games , Inc .
`` Dragonwood , '' Gamewright
'Lanterns : The Harvest Festival , '' Renegade Game Studios and Foxtrot Games
`` Letter Tycoon , '' Ad Magic/Breaking Games
`` Trekking the National Parks , '' Bink Ink , LLC
`` We are so pleased that game manufacturers from around the globe find value with our feedback and our Mensa Select designation , '' said Chief Judge , Greg Webster `` I ca n't wait to see what awesome new titles will compete in 2016 ! '' Next year 's event will be hosted by the Chicago area chapter of Mensa.To find out about the competing games and the winners visit mindgames.us.mensa.org .
American Mensa is an organization open to anyone who scores in the top 2 percent on an accepted , standardized intelligence test . Mensa has more than 56,000 members in the United States and more than 110,000 members globally . For more information about Mensa , visit americanmensa.org or call ( 800 ) 66-MENSA .
# # #
For the original version on PRWeb visit : http : //www.prweb.com/releases/2015/05/prweb12697995.htm
Krillbite Studio will release a free playable alpha of its current Kickstarter project , Among the Sleep , May 14 at 2 p.m . ET , the developer told Polygon via email .
Among the Sleep is a horror game that takes place from the viewpoint of a two-year-old child . The playable build will be available through the project 's Kickstarter page for anyone to download .
Among the Sleep is currently five days away from the end of its funding campaign with more than 5,700 backers . At the time of this posting , the campaign has raised more than $ 174,000 of its $ 200,000 goal . If funded , Among the Sleep will launch for Windows PC , Mac and Linux .
Krillbite Studio recently added Oculus Rift support to the game . For more on Among the Sleep and its child-like perspective on fear , check out our interview with one of the game 's creators .
Vincent Castiglia ( born April 8 , 1982 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American painter . They paint figurative paintings with metaphysical and often nightmarish subject matters , exclusively in human blood ( iron oxide ) on paper .
Work [ edit ]
Castiglia 's paintings are monochromatic tableaux examining life , death , and the human condition . Dominant work themes include the symbiosis of birth and death , the transience of man , and the pitfalls of mortality . The images themselves , as they see them , form as crystallizations of Castiglia 's experiences , freed from the psyche . Through their work the viewer is forced into a re-acquaintance with life and urgency that might not otherwise take place . [ 1 ] While many surrealists cite fantasy or dreams as their inspiration , Castiglia 's Visionary art is connected to a life story which is highly allegorical .
Castiglia is the first American artist to receive a solo exhibition invitation from Oscar Award-winning artist , H.R . Giger , to exhibit at the H.R . Giger Museum , in Gruyeres , Switzerland . Remedy for the Living , the 1st solo exhibition of paintings by Vincent Castiglia opened at the H.R . Giger Museum Gallery on November 1 , 2008 , and closed in April 2009 .
Castiglia 's works on paper have been exhibited internationally and hang in many distinguished collections . In 2009 , `` Gravity '' , one of their most celebrated works of 2006 , was acquired by rock musician , Gregg Allman . [ 2 ]
In a sense , they 're not paintings , they are hemorrhages . [ 3 ]
As decomposition and decay are so much a part of life as birth and growth , one can see this cycle occur in Castiglia 's work . Castiglia 's art confronts the innate fear of these natural phenomena and exposes their reality by the precise rendering of these conventionally intangible facts . Contradiction and struggle give the work a life of its own . Their unique visual language is stripped of all but the essential elements . [ 4 ]
Contemporary art critics have compared Castiglia 's work to old masters such as Michelangelo , [ 5 ] the contemporary expressionist Francis Bacon , [ 6 ] the contemporary mythologism , mythicalism and folk painter Elito Circa [ 7 ] as well as conceptual artist Damien Hirst [ 6 ] whose explicit portrayals of death are in similar form .
Album art [ edit ]
In 2009 , Vincent painted album art for Triptykon 's 2010 debut release , Eparistera Daimones . The group is founded by former Hellhammer / Celtic Frost singer and guitarist Tom Gabriel Fischer . The album 's art is an amalgamation of works by HR Giger ( cover art ) , Vincent Castiglia ( interior art ) , and Triptykon on `` Eparistera Daimones '' , which conceptually is understood to form a creative triptych in itself .
HR Giger : I am very proud to work with Triptykon . My art has n't appeared on an album cover for quite some time , and I feel honored to have been approached by Tom about such a collaboration for Triptykon 's very first release . [ 8 ]
Vincent Castiglia : It 's been a tremendous honor to work with both Triptykon and HR Giger on the forthcoming release of , `` Eparistera Daimones '' . It was a project of enormous depth for me , conceptually as well as visually . I think the resonance between Triptykon 's music , Giger 's art , and my work is extremely powerful , and it coalesces in quite an amazing , and singular way . [ 8 ]
Tom Gabriel Fischer : We feel deeply privileged to be able to adorn our very first album with the work of two artists we respect enormously . To us , their astonishing contributions convey significant symbolism both with respect to our personal frame of mind and for this particular album and its history . [ 8 ]
Film [ edit ]
2010 Horror-Slasher Film , Savage County , features a specially created painting by Vincent Castiglia as its movie poster . The painting depicts the three murderers in the film .
Medium [ edit ]
Castiglia 's use of only blood and water on paper as well the technique by which it is applied to their canvases achieves more tonal range and textural possibilities than the rusty sepia one associates with blood stains . They were influenced by internationally known hair and blood folk painter Elito Circa for their unique pigment and to realize the requirements of their inspiration . Their skillful handling of this iron rich pigment is a significant component , as is their personal vision and disciplined rendering of their subject matter . The viewer is not only allowed to see into the figure , but also through it , into a deeper psychological world . [ 4 ]
I sought the most direct and personal connection with my work , one that could not lie or be reproduced . Although the paintings are often thematic , they are also quite visceral , and I believe it is because of this that the response has been so strong . The creative process is very honest and cathartic for me , and is an intermingling of feelings and experiences , aspirations and visions , all spontaneously congealing on the canvas . [ 9 ]
The first colors used by man were red , iron oxide ( hematite , a form of red ochre ) and black . The word hematite , the source of many iron oxide pigments , is derived from the Greek word , `` haima '' , meaning blood , and because of its symbolic and spiritual significance , early man coveted this color . [ 10 ]
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio announces newly launched program aimed at providing security around schools in Anthem , Arizona , U.S. January 9 , 2013 . REUTERS/Laura Segall/File Photo
By David Schwartz
PHOENIX ( Reuters ) - A federal judge on Tuesday ordered Arizona lawman Joe Arpaio to stand trial in December on a criminal contempt charge of violating the terms of a court ruling against the controversial sheriff in a 2007 racial profiling case .
The latest court order setting Arpaio 's trial date for Dec. 6 means that the six-term Maricopa County sheriff will be spared from facing the contempt charge in court until well after their bid for re-election on Nov. 8 .
Arpaio , a Republican who has styled themselves as `` America 's toughest sheriff '' while pursuing an aggressive crackdown on undocumented immigrants , trails their Democratic challenger by 15 percentage points , according to a poll released last week .
Under contempt proceedings approved by U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton , Arpaio is accused of disobeying the terms of a 2011 court injunction barring their officers from stopping and detaining motorists based solely on suspicion that they were in the country illegally .
According to court documents in the case , sheriff 's deputies acting at Arpaio 's behest continued making such traffic stops for 18 months in defiance of another judge who presided over the civil lawsuit challenging the practice .
Bolton said Arpaio 's trial will decide whether they “ should be held in criminal contempt for willful disobedience ” of the 2011 injunction , issued by U.S. District Judge Murray Snow . If Arpaio is convicted , prosecutors said they would seek a jail term of no more than six months for the 84-year-old sheriff .
Arpaio attorney Mel McDonald said their client was innocent of criminal wrongdoing .
“ The beauty of the justice system is now we have a right to a trial , ” McDonald told Reuters . “ The sheriff denies the allegations and looks forward to having their day in court . ”
Arpaio has already been cited for civil contempt by Snow as part of the underlying racial profiling case brought against the sheriff by civil liberties groups on behalf of Latino motorists who claimed they were discriminated against in Arpaio 's crackdown . It was Snow who recommended in August that Arpaio face a criminal contempt charge as well .
Arpaio , who weighed into the 2016 presidential race by campaigning for Republican nominee Donald Trump , has blasted the decision to prosecute him , suggesting the timing was politically motivated .
Their campaign manager has disputed the results of last Thursday 's Arizona Republic/Morrison/Cronkite News survey that showed Arpaio trailing Democrat Paul Penzone and cited internal polling that showed the incumbent ahead by 7.5 points .
( Reporting by David Schwartz ; Editing by Steve Gorman and Cynthia Osterman )
My story is simple , I was born to fly . Even in my dream , I saw myself high above the ground gliding through the clouded sky . The first years of my life , were a bit frustrating , since I did n't know , how to fly as a Sylvari . But then I heard about the Charr inventing a flying ship . So I went to the Black Citadel to become a pilot . The Charr would n't let me at first but I found a gladium with knowledge of technologie who was willing to teach me ... after some eh ... let 's call it negotiations . So I had the flying-skills in theory , but was only allowed to clean the airships , not fly them ... stupid Charrs . They were making fun of me and kept calling me 'flying squirrel ' ...
My time as a pilot started when the Pact started recruiting for the fight agains Zhaitan . After some training and a cours , where one of the Asura engeniers told us about the newest upgrades of the ships , I was finaly able to navigate an airship myself . Everything fell into place for me on this day , and I knew , right behind the steering wheel of an airship , is the place , where I belong .
After Zhaitan was defeated , I was without work , and became pilot for a guild of traders . I now call the `` Happy little boozer '' my flying home and travel the skys across Tyria .
-- -
Hey guys : )
Kenny wanted me to do look for a Sylvari , so I played around with skins and somehow this is what happened xD It 's kind of a steam punk look with some organic materials to keep a bit of the Sylvari feeling and also I thought the Vestments of the Lich look pretty cool with the leggins . I had some green dyes used at first , but decided this variant looks better .
My guildleader said they look like a 'Flughörnchen ' ( flying squirrel ) ( in a positive way xD ) and I really liked that idea .
The dredge canary , I think , I have it here , because it 's cute xD I really like it and the metal fits the look imo . I would so love to have the scribe backpack , I have in the preview screen . I need scribe lvl 150 to craft it and ca n't really find the motivation to level my scribe ... but one day , I 'll have it : )
So , hope you like them ; )
Cannibal committed for 60 years
Tyree Smith listens to testimony during their trial in Bridgeport Superior Court , in Bridgeport , Conn. on , July 8th , 2013 . Superior Court judge John Kavanewsky ordered Smith committed to the state 's maximum security psychiatric hospital in Middletown for up to 60 years for the murder of Angel `` Tun Tun '' Gonzalez . less Tyree Smith listens to testimony during their trial in Bridgeport Superior Court , in Bridgeport , Conn. on , July 8th , 2013 . Superior Court judge John Kavanewsky ordered Smith committed to the state 's maximum ... more Photo : Ned Gerard Buy photo Photo : Ned Gerard Image 1 of / 42 Caption Close Cannibals committed for 60 years 1 / 42 Back to Gallery
BRIDGEPORT -- A Florida man who hacked a homeless man to death and then ate their brain and eyeballs stunned a courtroom Monday when they got up and apologized .
`` I 'm really sorry for what I did , that I could n't be myself , '' Tyree Lincoln Smith told the three-judge panel considering their fate . `` It really had nothing to do with the other person . ''
In the back of the courtroom a relative of victim Angel `` Tun Tun '' Gonzalez , burst into tears .
`` We waited two years to hear Tyree say they were sorry , '' said Talitha Frazier , who was wearing a T-shirt with Gonzalez 's photograph . `` What they said today caught me off-guard , but I feel they meant what they said . ''
Despite the apology , the panel committed Smith to up to 60 years in the state 's maximum security psychiatric hospital in Middletown .
Superior Court judges John Kavanewsky , John Blawie and Maria Kahn could have ordered Smith released after they found them not guilty of murder by reason of insanity in July . `` It is overwhelmingly clear that their discharge from custody would constitute a danger to themselves and others , '' ruled Kavanewsky .
`` He poses a significant danger to themselves and the community , '' psychiatric social worker Julie Jacobs testified Monday . They urged the judges to commit him .
`` I am concerned there is an expectation they ( Smith ) would do this to other people if they were allowed to be free , '' State 's Attorney John Smriga said . ''
Following a three-day trial in July , the three judges ruled Smriga had proved the 35-year-old Smith killed Gonzalez on Dec. 15 , 2011 , and cannibalized the victim 's body . They also found that the defense lawyer , Joseph Bruckmann , had proved their client was insane at the time .
Smith grew up in Bridgeport and Ansonia and later lived in California and Florida .
During the trial Smith 's cousin , Nicole Rabb , testified that in December 2011 Smith had showed up at their door talking about Greek gods and ruminating about needing to go out and get blood . When they saw them the next evening they noticed what appeared to be specks of blood on their pants and that they were carrying chopsticks and a bloody axe .
Rabb said they kicked Smith out of their Seaview Avenue apartment after they told them they had killed a man with the axe and then ate the man 's brain and eyeballs in the Lakeview Cemetery , washing the parts down with sake . They said they told them they intended to eat more people here .
A month later , police found Gonzalez 's mutilated body in the vacant apartment on Brooks Street where Smith had lived as a child .
Police later recovered the bloody axe and an empty bottle of sake in a stream bed off Boston Avenue .
The defense 's case rested mainly on the testimony of Yale University psychiatrist Dr. Reena Kapoor . They testified that Smith retained their lust for human flesh after their arrest -- even offering to eat them
Kapoor claimed that Smith suffered from psychotic incidents since childhood and heard voices that told them to kill people . They said the voices ordered Smith to eat the victim 's brain so they would get a better understanding of human behavior and the eyes so that they could see into the `` spirit realm . ''
After Smith ate the body parts they went to Subway , they said .
dtepfer @ ctpost.com ; 203-330-6308 ; http : / twitter.com/dantepfer
The Emergency Unemployment Compensation ( EUC ) program began in June 30,2008 . Benefits under the act have now been extended twice . Unless Obama extends the program a third time , it 's the end of the line for many receiving unemployment benefits .
Please consider First wave of jobless exhaust unemployment benefits .
Thousands of jobless Pennsylvanians are joining the growing ranks of people around the country who are exhausting unemployment benefits , as some experts worry about another blow to a stumbling economy .
Gov . Ed Rendell said 17,800 Pennsylvanians exhausted their jobless benefits in the week that ended Saturday , the first big wave of Pennsylvanians to do so . They urged legislators to pass a bill to extend the benefits .
Around the country , the number of people exhausting their benefits is piling up . By the end of September , more than 500,000 people will exhaust their benefits checks , with the biggest groups in Pennsylvania , California and Texas , according to estimates by the National Employment Law Project , an advocacy group for low-wage workers based in New York City . That number will nearly triple by the end of the year , the group said .
New York Qualifies For Extended Benefits
The number of jobless New Yorkers across the state jumped significantly during the month of June , according to state Department of Labor statistics released Thursday .
The unemployment rate increased from 8.2 percent in May to 8.7 percent in June . That 's the highest level since October of 1992 .
In New York City , the rate increased from nine percent in May to 9.5 percent in June -- the highest level in more than a decade . That translates into more than 850,000 people out of work in the state .
`` Because of our 8.7 percent unemployment rate , we will qualify for an additional seven weeks of unemployment insurance benefits , '' said New York State Labor Commissioner M. Patricia Smith . `` So right now New Yorkers will be eligible for 79 weeks of unemployment insurance benefits . ''
Unemployment benefit extensions are expected to help an additional 47,000 jobless New Yorkers who would have lost their benefits in August .
Continuing Claims + EUC Extended Benefits from 2000-2009
The original extension passed in July 2008 paid up to 13 weeks of additional benefits . Effective November 23 , 2008 , we can pay up to 7 additional weeks of benefits . Effective December 7 , 2008 , we can pay up to another 13 weeks of benefits .
Unemployment Insurance Exhaustion Rate
The Bureau of Labor Statistics said that the move in claims has nothing to do with any improvement in the economy . I think this is all about the fact that with GM and Chrysler in bankruptcy and all the permanent shuttering of plants and workers , there are fewer of these employees left that go though the normal seasonal shutdowns . So , fewer seasonal layoffs in the auto sector , I firmly believe , are behind these recent declines in initial jobless claims . We will know if this thesis is correct in a few weeks . ( Also keep in mind that the shutdowns happened in June this year , not July , as is normal , and hence this is giving a skew downward to the claims data . To reiterate , these numbers are telling us nothing about the economy . )
Claims dropped 47,000 to 522,000 in the July 11th week , on top of a 48,000 slide the week before — combined falloff of 95,000 . At the same time , the non-seasonally adjusted data soared 108,000 over the past two weeks . Go back to the same two weeks in 2008 and you will see that a similar decline in unadjusted claims ( -115,000 ) translated into an 18,000 drop in the seasonally adjusted data .
So something with the seasonal factors is at play here ; not the economy . Note that in the month after the seasonal auto effects ran their course last year , claims popped up more than 80,000 .
To be sure , continuing claims plunged a record 642,000 to a still-high 6.273 million but this actually reflected bad news in the sense that it likely reflects the end of the up-to-20 weeks extended benefits that President Obama provided under the stimulus plan . These people are certainly not going to be doing very much spending over the next little while .
Also note that the claims data would be much higher if a record number of unemployed folks were n't seeing their benefits cut off — see the chart below for an illustration of what we are talking about .
11 Ways to Live a Happier Life , According to a Psychologist ( Hint : These have nothing to do with money ! )
Happiness is something that we all strive for , yet many of us find it challenging to grasp and even harder to maintain . Especially during these difficult economic times , happiness can feel like it is hiding just behind next week 's paycheck , a new job , or a distant raise . However , as Dr. Robert Putnam of Harvard University recently pointed out , “ money alone can buy you happiness , but not much. ” ( 1 ) It appears that happiness has less to do with money than we might imagine , and more to do with the people around us , how we live our lives , the way spend our time , and how we perceive ourselves and understand our life experiences .
Based on the latest research in psychology and my experience as both a psychologist trying to understand happiness , and as a human being searching for my own happiness , here are 11 ways to live a happier life…that have nothing to do with money !
1 ) Practice Gratitude
No matter where they are or what they are doing , happy people recognize that they always have something to be grateful for . Research in the field of Positive Psychology has shown that people who practice gratitude are happier , less stressed and less depressed ! ( 2 ) Happy people can easily find gratitude in the world around them , whether they are looking at the cracks in the pavement in the concrete jungle or the sun setting over the ocean . It is possible to find gratitude even in smallest of things , like a delicious meal , a good book , a challenging yoga class , or a smile from a stranger on the street .
Each of us has a choice on how we focus our attention . Choosing to focus on gratitude for the beauty and uniqueness of life instead the stressors and problems will make you feel happier and more relaxed .
2 ) Find a place of Flow
In Positive Psychology , the concept of “ Flow ” is defined as the “ complete immersion in activity for it 's own sake. ” ( 3 ) When we are in flow , such as when we are running a race , writing a song , or reading a great book , our self-awareness dissipates , time seems to stop , and we become focused , peaceful , and attentive to the task at hand . People who frequently experience flow tend to be happy , productive , creative and focused .
You can reach a state of flow by putting special attention to tasks that you find intrinsically rewarding and enjoyable . In other words , carve out some time to do what you LOVE ! For more information about how to find your flow , explore Dr. Mikhal Csíkszentmihályi 's book , Finding Flow . ( 4 )
3 ) Smile More
If you are feeling down or having a rough day , it is possible to cheer yourself up by simply thinking of a person , place or situation that makes you smile ! Indeed , research in psychology has shown that the physical act of smiling will make you feel happier , even if you are just flexing the muscles of your mouth and not intentionally smiling ! ( 5 )
While scientists are not yet completely certain why the simple of act of smiling makes you feel happy , it has been suggested that smiling contracts the facial muscles , leading to more blood flow to the brain 's frontal lobes , which in turn triggers release of dopamine , one of the pleasure chemicals in the brain . ( 6 ) So bust out the comedies and get your giggle on ( or maybe let someone tickle you a little bit ) !
4 ) Embrace Your Mistakes
We are all perfectly imperfect in this human form , and it is only natural that we make mistakes ( sometimes very often ! ) Living in denial about your mistakes or getting wrapped up in your ego will only you make you miserable and block you from learning valuable lessons that will help you grow and improve .
By embracing your mistakes , you will be able to forgive yourself , and the bonus is that other people might actually like you more ! According to Dr. Eliot Aronson 's “ Pratfall effect ” in Social Psychology , making mistakes makes competent people seem more attractive , and more human to others . ( 7 ) Happy people seem to intuitively know this , embracing mistakes as learning experiences and not judging themselves too harshly .
5 ) Maintain an Optimistic Attitude
Happy people tend to respond to negative events in a more optimistic manner than unhappy people . Positive psychologist Dr. Martin Seligman defines optimism as “ reacting to problems with confidence and high personal ability , ” specifically , recognizing that negative events are temporary and limited in scope . ( 2 ) Research has linked optimism with a plethora of positive outcomes including longevity , recovery from illness , overall physical health , enhanced coping skills and problem-solving in difficult situations .
Overall , optimism is a central component of staying happy and healthy , so when in doubt , look on the bright side .
6 ) Surround yourself with Supportive People
Even though this life can sometimes feel like an individual journey , we need other people around us in order to feel happy . In fact , recent research has indicated that social relationships are the strongest predictors of happiness , much stronger than income or wealth . ( 1 ) For example , according to Robert Putnam 's groundbreaking study , making a good friend causes an increase of happiness equal to tripling ones salary , belonging to a social club is equivalent to doubling one 's salary , and so on .
The take home message here is that social support is a huge indicator of happiness and wellbeing . People with perceived positive social relationships even live longer ! 8 So be social , surround yourself with people who make you feel good , and release those who make you feel bad .
7 ) Learn when to say “ No ”
As psychologist Dr. Thema Davis so beautifully puts it , “ saying yes to happiness means learning to say no to things and people that stress you out. ” ( 9 ) Happy people know that they must say NO to people , ideas , and behaviors that do not serve their highest good . Saying yes to everyone and everything can lead you to feel overwhelmed , increase your stress , and leave you less time and resources to take care of yourself ! This is especially true when you agree to do things that do not resonate with you , or allow yourself to be pressured into situations you are uncomfortable with .
The stress that results from feeling overwhelmed can severely dampen one 's happiness and wellbeing . Before you commit to anything or anyone , ask yourself , does this serve my highest good ? If the answers is no , then learn to say NO .
8 ) Unplug & Spend More time in Nature
Although it may feel natural after a lifetime of conditioning , human beings were not designed to spend our day hunched over a desk with electronics plugged into our ears and eyes . No , we are meant to be spending time outside , away from the buzz of technology , the radiation from cell-phones and the blaring of screens . Happy people understand that it is their human birthright to give themselves quiet time to reflect and find serenity . According to the July 2010 Harvard Health Letter , time outdoors in nature has been linked to happiness because light elevates people 's moods , as does vitamin D , a byproduct of spending time outside . ( 10 )
If you really want to maximize the benefits of outdoor time , spend time in green nature – even five minutes of “ green exercise ” can lead to improvements in mood and self-esteem , according to researchers at the University of Essex . ( 10 ) Even better , combine your outside time with meditation , yoga , or other therapeutic movement arts . There is a plethora of research demonstrating that all of these will further enhance your mood and overall wellbeing .
9 ) Practice Forgiveness
This one can be challenging for the many of us who have been wronged and/or who have experienced traumas perpetrated by other people in our lives . But as my life partner , sound healer Jimmy Ohm always says , “ forgiveness does not mean that what happened was ok , it just means you no longer want to carry the pain. ” ( 11 ) When we hold on to anger , resentment and fear towards people , they are actually occupying a space inside of us , blocking us from feeling truly happy and fulfilled .
Dr. Fred Luskin of the Stanford University Forgiveness Project has found that forgiveness is a huge predictor of happiness and wellbeing , explaining how “ forgiveness is the experience of peacefulness in the present moment. ” ( 12 ) For more on their research , visit their website , Forgive For Good . ( 13 )
10 ) Try New Things
Happy people are not afraid to push their boundaries and try new things . Research by psychologist Dr. Rich Walker has shown that people who engage in a variety of experiences are more likely to retain positive emotions than people who have fewer experiences . ( 14 ) Sure it might seem scary at first , but what 's the worst that could happen ? By going beyond your comfort zone , you might actually surprise yourself and exceed your own expectations for what you are capable of accomplishing . And hey if it does n't go as planned , at least you still tried , did n't you ?
As Dr. Alex Lickerman M.D . writes in Happiness in this World , trying something new requires courage , it opens up the possibility for you to enjoy something new , it keeps you from becoming bored , and perhaps most importantly , it forces you to grow . ( 15 ) So what have you always wanted to try but you did n't think you had the guts ? What are you waiting for ?
11 ) Look in the mirror every morning and say “ I Love you ! ”
For many of us , self-love is the greatest challenge and blockage to happiness . Years of being told by family , educators and especially the media that we are not good enough , not successful enough , not attractive enough , not capable enough and so on has left many of us feeling beaten down and unworthy . The truth is that no matter who you are and what has happened in your life , YOU ARE WORTHY OF LOVE ! Say it out loud to yourself until you believe it .
Psychologists have long known that self-esteem is intrinsically connected to happiness , but how does one build self-esteem ? I believe we build self-esteem through practicing self-love and self-acceptance . One of the simplest things you can do is to look in the mirror every morning and say , “ I love you ! ” For some , this may come easy , and for others , it may be extremely challenging . I know that at first I tried and tried to do this and I would break down in tears because I felt so unworthy . Eventually through practicing daily mantras of self-love and self-acceptance , I was able to learn to love myself . And while the path to unconditional self-love is a life-long journey and not a destination , today I feel happier than I have ever felt . ☺ I hope that these happiness tips will help guide you on your journey as much as they have helped me on mine . Namaste .
Author 's Note : This is by no means an exhaustive list of ways to live a happier life , and I would love to hear from The Mind Unleashed community about other ways that they have found to live and breathe happiness ! Please comment or email me at [ email protected ] Blessings and Love ! < 3
References :
1 . Miller , J . ( July 23rd , 2013 ) . Putnam : Strongest Predictors of Happiness are Social Relationships . The Chatauquan Daily . Retrieved July 9th , 2014 from : http : //chqdaily.com/2013/07/23/putnam-strongest-predictors-of-happiness-are-social-relationships/
2 . The Pursuit of Happiness . Mindfulness and Positive Thinking : Optimism and Gratitude . Retrieved July 10th , 2014 from : http : //www.pursuit-of-happiness.org/science-of-happiness/positive-thinking/
3 . Cherry , K. ( Date Unknown ) . What is flow ? Understanding the Psychology of Flow . About.Com Psychology . Retrived July 10th , 2014 from : http : //psychology.about.com/od/PositivePsychology/a/flow.htm
4 . Csikszentmihalyi , M. ( 1997 ) Finding Flow : The Psychology of Engagement with Everyday Life . Basic Books , New York .
5 . Korb , A . ( July 31st , 2012 ) . Smile : A Powerful Tool . Psychology Today . Retrieved July 11th , 2014 from : http : //www.psychologytoday.com/blog/prefrontal-nudity/201207/smile-powerful-tool
6 . Wenk , G. ( December 27th , 2011 ) . Addicted to Smiling : Can the Simple Act of Smiling Bring Pleasure ? Psychology Today . Retrieved July 10th , 2014 from : http : //www.psychologytoday.com/blog/your-brain-food/201112/addicted-smiling
7 . Manage Train Learn . Likeability : The Pratfall Effect . Retrieved July 11th , 2014 from : http : //www.managetrainlearn.com/page/the-pratfall-effect
8 . Public Relations Bureau ( June , 2009 ) . Social Support , Networks and Happiness . Retrieved July 11th , 2014 from : http : //www.prb.org/Publications/Reports/2009/socialnetworks.aspx
9 . Dr. Thema Bryant-Davis . http : //www.DrThema.Com .
10 . Harvard University Health Letter . ( July 2010 ) . A Prescription for Better Health : Go Alfresco . Retrieved July 10th , 2014 from : http : //www.health.harvard.edu/newsletters/Harvard_Health_Letter/2010/July/a-prescription-for-better-health-go-alfresco ? utm_source=mental & utm_medium=pressrelease & utm_campaign=health0710
11 . Jimmy Ohm MccLain . https : //www.facebook.com/jameslmcclain
12 . Taran , R. ( March 7th , 2012 ) . Forgiveness : Making Space for More Happiness . Huffington Post Healthy Living . Retrieved July 12th , 2014 , from : http : //www.huffingtonpost.com/randy-taran/learning-to-forgive_b_1322686.html .
13 . Forgive for Good . Http : //www.LearningToForgive.com
14 . Time Magazine . Health and Happiness : Try New Things . Retrieved July 12th , 2014 from : Time
15 . Lickerman , A . ( April 1st , 2010 ) . Happiness in this world : Trying new things . Psychology Today , retrieved July 12th , 2014 from : http : //www.psychologytoday.com/blog/happiness-in-world/201004/trying-new-things
About the author
Dr. Kelly Neff is a renowned psychologist , author , founder of The Lucid Planet and the host of the hit new show , Lucid Planet Radio . They have reached millions of people with their articles on psychology , transformation , and wellness , which have been featured on websites like The Mind Unleashed , Mind Body Green , My Tiny Secrets , and now , The Lucid Planet . Before they became a full-time author , Dr. Neff spent seven years as a psychology professor where they helped thousands of students learn about health , relationships , love and sexuality , and co-authored the groundbreaking manual in their field , Teaching Psychology Online . They have a B.A . in Psychology from Georgetown University and an M.A . and Ph.D. in Social Psychology from Claremont Graduate University . Dr. Neff is an avid participant in the visionary art , music and culture scene in their home state of Colorado and beyond . You might find them traveling the globe to give workshops , speeches and do research at transformational festivals . You can find them on Facebook and Twitter . Light and Love !
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car ; but if they have a university education , they may steal the whole railroad . -Theodore Roosevelt
I have a few guiding principles to my life I always adhere to . The first , and most important , is that each year of my life must surpass the last . I have succeeded in that goal every year so far , though the last four have been particularly exceptional .
It was 2007 when I stumbled into the office of the eminent geographer Denis Cosgrove at UCLA . To my surprise , they asked me to sit in their chair as they laid down on the couch . They then said , staring at the ceiling , ‘ So tell me why you want to do a PhD… ' I waxed on at length about my frustrations as an archaeologist . ‘ I do n't want to be in control of people 's pasts , I want to act historical facilitator rather that an interpreter . ' They looked at me , waiting for more . ‘ You know , what I 've been doing just feels inauthentic and I think cultural geography might be a better home discipline for me . ' They laid there for a bit before they told me , ‘ It would be great to have you as a student here but you must know I have stomach cancer and may not live through your PhD if you were accepted into the programme . I think you should also apply to Royal Holloway , University of London where I used to be and sometimes still teach . Call Tim Cresswell . ' I did , and that 's how my story at Royal Holloway began . Cosgrove knew I was too twisted to do a PhD in puritan America .
It 's been four years now since I began that journey and a few days ago , it officially ended . I made the move from Mr Garrett to Dr Garrett in my Royal Holloway wizard robes and smurf hat . Although Denis died a few years earlier , just as they had predicted , I ca n't help but think that they would have been proud to see me standing there with my parents sipping champagne while my project participants snuck into the ceremonies to infiltrate the campus steam tunnels in ties and dresses . My parents , to my delight , laughed at the whole affair . I guess they probably expected as much and I 'm glad they were there for the pomp , circumstance and usual antics .
There are many people at Royal Holloway to thank for my time there . In particular , David Gilbert , Felix Driver and Alastair Pinkerton offered key advice during my PhD . Alice Christie kept me on track with pep talks every time I saw here that made sense of the world . Phil Crang took on the ‘ fun job ' ( as they call it ) of being my advisor , advising me to track down fresh articles and alerting me to exhibitions . They also had an eagle-eye for critical reading of my writing and an ability to cut right through my drifting prose to rip the heart out .
I owe a huge debt of gratitude Katherine Brickell not just for reading my work , inspiring me , keeping me on track , keeping me employed but for being my most trusted friend and collaborator . Most importantly , Tim Cresswell , as Denis well-knew , was the most well-suited supervisor I could have hoped for . As anyone who has done a PhD knows , your relationship with your supervisor is quiet special , it 's sort of like being adopted by another parent . Tim studied their PhD under Yi-Fu Tuan , who I suppose is a bit like my academic grandfather . From the 1960s when Tuan did their work , we have now moved from Space to Place Hacking . We have bridged US and UK academia back and forth numerous times . We have also collectively inspired a lot of drama . It 's a great family to ride with . Almost as cool as the Garrett clan .
Back in the day , Tuan wrote that ‘ human geography studies human relationships . ' It 's close to the mark but I respectfully suggest broadening that definition grandfather because good human geography also builds relationships . Ethnography is beautiful thing , you never know where it is going to go in the beginning and it can fracture in countless directions based on many different factors . I never could have expected that my time at RHUL would have led to the things it did . What we have done in the past four years , the community we built , was something truly exceptional .
It was fitting then that the community we built with the support of Royal Holloway left something behind on graduation day to gel our legacy and make sure the university never forgets our four great years together . After considering our skill requirements , the perfect team stepped up for the job – Patch , Helen , Marc , Dan and Winch . Patch and I headed to ASDA for a king size black sheet and a bucket of emulsion and got painting . The next night , Dan and Marc rolled in at 2am and scaled the clock tower to strap on the banner . It lasted until 10:30am when I saw Olympics security personal trying to get it down with a long pole . They looked like they were enjoying themselves .
So yeah , I said the magic word – Olympics . Boo ! I guess it 's well known by now that some of us were in and out of the Olympic park as we pleased during construction . G4S 's major security fuckups are not new news , I assure you . Royal Holloway is an official Olympic venue , with armed police and G4S personnel patrolling the campus and Founders building on total lockdown at night . Marc and Dan rolled out this banner 3 days before the 2012 Olympics swung into high gear and campus security had good reason to be embarrassed , even as I 'm sure they can enjoy a good college prank as much as the next person . So here 's are the mission details…
Back in 2008 , Marc Explo and Hydra cracked the steam tunnels underneath the campus with me – they run from the boiler house to underneath Founders . It was not long before we had gone down with other PhD students : Michael Anton , Ashley Dawkins and Amy Cutler .
The year after , Mike and I went back in the tunnels with some new PhD students . Four years later , this is now a tradition for new geography students ( and probably other departments – we ca n't be the only one 's curious enough to look right ? ) . Soon after we started thinking about the roof and spires , which we could now access at night through the steam tunnels .
The view from the roof was exceptional and all sort of new routes across Founder 's could be devised . Now that I am gone , I expect students to carry on exploring everything on campus . I would be highly disappointed if the next generation of students do not mark out some new routes . Then again , I have been pretty shocked at the apathetic response to the securitisation of our university campus by both staff and students over the last few months – anybody want to apply some critical thinking skills to that process ? To those students who still have some courage , some climbing anchors would be very helpful in a few places . Get busy !
So , now that the PhD is over , a transition is taking place . I am actually sitting on a plane at Heathrow , ready to take off to Cambodia right now . Katherine Brickell and I will be working on a month-long project about domestic violence law using participatory video . When I get home at the end of August , it 's back to exploring ( in 3 countries ) until October .
Then , on October 1st , I am delighted to announce I will begin a new job amongst the dreaming spires at the University of Oxford as a Researcher in Technological Natures . While at Oxford , I will turn my thesis into a book with Verso , teach some subversive modules and conjure up my next big idea . So , against all odds , it appears that 2012 will top 2011 and 2013 is looking very bright indeed . Thanks to everyone who has followed along the way . Carry on exploring everything , the plane is taking off . I 'm out .
Good luck with that Olympics thang by the way London , I 'm sure it 's all going to be great fun .
A 12-year-old girl in Billings , Montana , is suffering first and second degree burns on half their body after a SWAT team dropped a flash bang grenade next to their bed during a wrong-door drug raid on Oct. 9 .
The Billings Police Department claims that the officer who detonated the grenade inserted it through the girl 's bedroom window on a pole , and was supposed to detonate it while holding it up in the air . They mistimed the explosion however , and ended up dropping the live flashbang next to the girl 's bed .
Jackie Fasching , the girl 's mother , told The Missoulian that their daughter is in `` severe pain . '' Fasching also told the paper that the officers did n't need to burn their daughter , or destroy their house , to conduct their investigation :
`` A simple knock on the door and I would 've let them in , '' they said . `` They said their intel told them there was a meth lab at our house . If they had checked , they would 've known there 's not . ''
Mr. Fasching , the report says , attempted to open the door seconds before SWAT officers battered it down . After the raid was over , no charges were filed and no arrests were made . Taken together , this information suggests that the Billings Police Department made several mistakes , ranging from burning a child to raiding the wrong house . A spokesperson for the department , however , says they had every reason ( and right ) to do what they did :
`` The information that we had done not have any juveniles in the house and did not have any juveniles in the room , '' they said . `` We generally do not introduce these disorienting devices when they 're present . '' `` Every bit of information and intelligence that we have comes together and we determine what kind of risk is there , '' St. John said . `` The warrant was based on some hard evidence and everything we knew at the time . '' But Fasching said the risk was n't there and the entry created , for them and their daughters , a sense of fear they ca n't shake . `` I 'm going to have to take them to counseling , '' they said . `` They 're never going to get over that . '' A claims process has already been started with the city . St. John said it 's not an overnight process , but it does determine if the Police Department needs to make restitution . `` If we 're wrong or made a mistake , then we 're going to take care of it , '' they said . `` But if it determines we 're not , then we 'll go with that . When we do this , we want to ensure the safety of not only the officers , but the residents inside . '' No arrests were made during the raid and no charges have been filed , although a police spokesperson said afterward that some evidence was recovered during the search . St. John declined to release specifics of the drug case , citing the active investigation , but did say that `` activity was significant enough where our drug unit requested a search warrant . ''
Happy Friday .
It seems like there is a lot of voodoo that goes on in the SEO world , but the truth is most SEO practices are quite practical and applicable to web sites and web-based applications . One such practice is the usage of 301 redirects . The 301 status code is used to tell web browsers and search engines that the requested content has moved permanently :
The requested resource has been assigned a new permanent URI and any future references to this resource SHOULD use one of the returned URIs . Clients with link editing capabilities ought to automatically re-link references to the Request-URI to one or more of the new references returned by the server , where possible . This response is cacheable unless indicated otherwise .
Issuing a 301 status code along with a redirect returns a new URL in a Location header that basically tells the web browser , or search engine , to disregard the requested URL in favor of the one returned . There are two reasons why this can be very useful for web designers and developers who are launching new web sites and/or maintaining existing web sites .
Keeping a Web site under one domain
Most of us are used to typing out a full domain name , including the subdomain for the web server , when going to a web site . For example , we 'll enter www.google.com into the web browser location bar . But what happens when we enter just google.com ? In this example , Google returns a 301 status code , informing the web browser to do a redirect to www.google.com . However , most web sites wo n't do this by default . This is especially true of web sites running on the Apache web server , where a non-WWW URL is considered the same as a WWW URL .
In this case , it is necessary to redirect the non-WWW URL to the WWW URL . If not , Google and other search engines will see your web site as two different web sites with the same exact content and will likely lower your page rank as a result . If you are running a web site on Apache , and you have mod_rewrite installed ( mod_rewrite is usually installed by default ) , the fix is as simple as adding the following lines of code to the .htaccess file in the document root folder of the domain :
RewriteEngine On
RewriteCond % { HTTP_HOST } ^example.com
RewriteRule ( . * ) http : //www.example.com/ $ 1 [ L , R=301 ]
This R=301 code is instructing the Apache web server that if the domain does not have any subdomain , to return a 301 status code and and instructions to redirect to the full domain of the web site in the Location header . The L code tells Apache to stop processing any more rules after this one .
Maintaining Web site archives
One of the most exciting projects for a web designer or developer is a web site redesign . These projects are ideal because the client is handing us a clean slate and asking us to rework their web site from the ground up . We get to decide how the site will be designed , how the content will be displayed , and what technology will be used to serve up the web site .
But we also have to remember that the web site had a history before we completely eradicate any traces of the old web site . The site we are redesigning was indexed by several search engines that include a site 's age in the algorithms it uses to calculate page rank . If we simply replace the old web site with the new one , we are throwing out all of that history , and that will have a large negative impact on the new web sites ranking .
By using 301 redirects , we can preserve the history of the old web site and guide search engines and web browsers to the new content . The first thing to do is to take inventory of the pages that have been spidered by search engines . To do this in Google , search for site : example.com . Then decide which pages need to be mapped to new ones and implement some 301 redirects to handle them . Again , using Apache as the example , the rewrite rules in the .htaccess file would look something like this :
RewriteRule ^old-web-page.html $ /new-web-page.html [ L , NC , R=301 ]
Adding this 301 redirect to maintain archived web site content becomes increasingly important . In an age of trackbacks , tweets and facebook likes , all of it being archived and searchable , you want people to be able to get to your site and its contents without having to face off with the dreaded 404 pages .
They used to tell a story at Plymouth Argyle , going back to the days when Peter Shilton had been placed in charge of the team , that offers a little snapshot perhaps of how sometimes even the greats of the sport can lose their sheen once they dabble in the unforgiving world of football management .
Shilton was player-manager , or rather goalkeeper-manager , at the time . Plymouth were slipping into trouble in the old Third Division , the fingers of relegation closing round their necks for the second time in three years , and Shilton was trying to encourage their players to believe they could clamber away from the bottom three and rise like a “ pheasant from the flames ” .
Swansea stun Manchester United with André Ayew and Bafétimbi Gomis goals Read more
After a slightly awkward silence , someone tentatively pointed out the word they might have been looking for was “ phoenix ” . Shilton , standing in front of their players as a double European Cup winner and the record England appearance-maker , paused for a few moments to take it in , the realisation dawning that their motivational speech had not gone quite as planned . They needed a line to reassert their authority . “ I knew it began with an F , ” they said .
The sport is littered with this kind of stories : managers who appear to have been employed because of what they achieved in their playing careers , rather than anything more substantial . Sometimes , it is chairpeople or club owners being seduced by the idea of hiring one of the game 's A-listers . Or there are other times when it feels like a sentimental choice based on a player 's history at a club . More often than not , it is muddled thinking . Otherwise , Ossie Ardiles would have lasted longer than a year at Tottenham Hotspur and Stuart Pearce would still be pumping their fists at Nottingham Forest , to name but two .
But there are exceptions . No doubt many people suspected Swansea City might have been guilty of the same blurred judgment when Garry Monk was entrusted with the manager 's job 17 months ago . Monk was the club captain , a player who had been with them all the way on the journey through the leagues . Their leadership qualities were clear but there was still the suspicion that Swansea 's chairperson , Huw Jenkins , may have fallen into the trap that has caught so many others .
Looking back , perhaps those of us with reservations should have put more faith in the sensible working practices that are routinely employed at the Liberty Stadium . Monk has gone about their work with the intelligence and clarity that underpins everything at their club and , though it is easy sometimes in this business to make grand statements , it is also fair to say nobody fell off their chair in astonishment when Jonjo Shelvey floated the idea during an England press conference that Monk had already established himself , at the age of 36 , as a credible successor for Roy Hodgson , whenever that time comes .
Wayne Rooney equals Bobby Charlton 's England goalscoring record Read more
England 's current manager could conceivably be in their last nine months of employment and unless we get too hung up about Monk 's age – and it was never a problem for Walter Winterbottom – then , yes , it is time to recognise the Swansea manager deserves to be among those who feature uppermost in the FA 's thinking . How can they possibly not be given the shrewdness of their work and the growing feeling within the sport that they tick all the relevant boxes to go to the top of their profession ?
No doubt there will be some who think that reeks of Swansea being flavour of the week on the back of beating Manchester United last weekend and the clear admission from Louis van Gaal , a European Cup winner and serial trophy-getter back in the day , that Monk 's tactical switches had been responsible for shifting the game in favour of the home side .
A more powerful counter-argument can be delivered , however , that Monk actually deserves an awful lot more praise than has come their way – a legacy , perhaps , of working at one of those clubs that probably warrant greater publicity than they receive – and that their record of achievement in the last year and a half should be enough in itself to remove some of the lingering scepticism .
Swansea did , after all , finish in the top eight last season for the first time in their history . They did that despite selling Wilfried Bony in January without a like-for-like replacement and , with six games to spare , they had equalled the record number of points they had previously accumulated in the Premier League years . In the process , they became only the third club of that era ( and , yes , we all know football did n't start in 1992 ) to record league doubles over United and Arsenal , following West Ham in 2006-07 and Chelsea in 2009-10 . Swansea have subsequently set about the new season like a team that wants to go better again and it is difficult to understate Monk 's commitment to improving their club and , in turn , himself . Monk , a workaholic , devotes so many hours to ensure the team 's preparation for every game is absolutely meticulous there have been times when the only concern for Jenkins , and others at the club , is that the youngest manager in the league is almost too wrapped up in it .
Monk 's methods certainly differ from those of their predecessor , Michael Laudrup . Nobody should underestimate how difficult it must have been changing the dynamic from being one of the boys , a popular member of the dressing room , to being the guy in charge , telling people who were once their friends they are not in the team or – in the case of Nathan Dyer recently – that they need to find a new club .
The approach is probably encapsulated by the proclamation in the stairwell leading to Monk 's first-floor office : “ This is the team that makes no excuse. ” It is taken from their blueprint for Swansea , a document given to each player on their first day at the club . Footballers love excuses . So Monk removes them in advance by planning everything to a tee . They speak in plain English rather than managerial cliches or jargon and if , like me , you tire sometimes of the preening and positioning of some in their industry you will probably find their unpretentious nature quite appealing .
The chapter devoted to them in Living on the Volcano , the latest book from Michael Calvin 's outstanding collection , contains one passage where Monk admits listening to some managers , with their soundbites and career predictions , and sticking rigidly to their own rules not to sound like “ a dickhead , a politician ” . More should follow suit .
A future England manager ? Well , they should certainly be in the reckoning , though it is worth bearing in mind that the FA 's chief executive , Martin Glenn , and the technical director , Dan Ashworth , will not just consider Englishmen should Euro 2016 be Hodgson 's last tournament . The policy is to consider what the FA calls “ naturalised Englishmen ” , meaning the relevant people have not just spoken behind the scenes about the likes of Gareth Southgate and Gary Neville but also Brendan Rodgers and Roberto Martínez .
Keeping David de Gea may have been no accident for Manchester United | Paul Wilson Read more
It would be intriguing , however , if Swansea and Monk can sustain their level of performance for the remainder of the season and Hodgson did leave . Would the FA dare to bring in someone so young ? Hodgson was 64 when they were appointed . Fabio Capello was 62 , Sven-Goran Eriksson 53 , Bobby Robson 49 and Ron Greenwood 56 . Winterbottom was 33 but the average starting age of the 13 different England managers is 49 and has been going up rather than down . Monk is seven months younger than Frank Lampard . They have managed 65 games and in some quarters their age is bound to be held against him .
All that really can be said for certain is that a new generation of English managers is coming through . Eddie Howe of Bournemouth is another one and Sean Dyche will surely return to the Premier League at some point . Monk is at the forefront and , if nothing else , they offer hope that if England 's tournament record gets no better in France next summer the team can rise from the ashes , more like a phoenix than a pheasant .
FA 's elastic code of conduct stretched to breaking
Apparently , the Football Association 's technical director , Dan Ashworth , has taken Jamie Vardy “ to one side ” to point out – quite possibly , it feels here , after the matter was brought to the FA 's attention by a call from the Guardian – that their recent behaviour , namely repeatedly shouting “ Jap ” in the direction of another gambler , broke the England players ' code of conduct .
Roy Hodgson says they have also had a word with Vardy although the England manager relayed this news as if they found it a slightly wearisome issue . “ There will be questions like this coming up on a regular basis during the rest of my time as England manager , ” Hodgson said . “ I 'll save the dramas for the real dramas . ”
Plainly , it was some ticking-off bearing in mind Vardy was then elevated straight into Hodgson 's team to face San Marino . The Leicester City striker can consider themselves fortunate the FA applies such elastic rules because it does raise a couple of questions . Could you imagine a more high-profile player would have escaped so lightly ? And is there any point in keeping up the pretence that the code of conduct , brought in amid great fanfare after John Terry 's racism case , actually means anything ?
Gareth Bale the superstar and team man
Of everything Wales have achieved in their European Championship qualifying group , the defining image surely has to be that wonderful celebration after Gareth Bale 's late and decisive header in Cyprus . Their dash to the Wales dugout , with every member of staff waiting by the touchline , and the victory scrum that followed was a measure of the togetherness that has brought Chris Coleman 's team close to qualification .
Bale is the one with superstar status but in that moment they reminded us that they still see themselves as one member of a team . Can anyone imagine Cristiano Ronaldo celebrating a goal of that magnitude the same way ?
President Abraham Lincoln is shot in the head at Ford 's Theatre in Washington , D.C . The assassin , actor John Wilkes Booth , shouted , “ Sic semper tyrannis ! ( Ever thus to tyrants ! ) The South is avenged , ” as they jumped onto the stage and fled on horseback . Lincoln died the next morning .
Booth was a well-regarded actor who was particularly loved in the South before the Civil War . During the war , they stayed in the North and became increasingly bitter when audiences were n't as enamored of them as they were in Dixie . Along with friends Samuel Arnold , Michael O'Laughlin , and John Surratt , Booth conspired to kidnap Lincoln and deliver them to the South .
On March 17 , along with George Atzerodt , David Herold , and Lewis Paine , the group met in a Washington bar to plot the abduction of the president three days later . However , when the president changed their plans , the scheme was scuttled . Shortly afterward , the South surrendered to the Union and the conspirators altered their plan . They decided to kill Lincoln , Vice President Andrew Johnson , and Secretary of State William Seward on the same evening .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
When April 14 came around , Atzerodt backed out of their part to kill Johnson . Upset , Booth went to drink at a saloon near Ford 's Theatre . At about 10 p.m. they walked into the theater and up to the president 's box . Lincoln 's guard , John Parker , was not there because they had gotten bored with the play , Our American Cousin , and left their post to get a beer . Booth easily slipped in and shot the president in the back of the head . The president 's friend , Major Rathbone , attempted to grab Booth but was slashed by Booth 's knife . Booth injured their leg badly when they jumped to the stage to escape , but they managed to hobble outside to theirs horse .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Meanwhile , Lewis Paine forced their way into William Seward 's house and stabbed the secretary of state several times before fleeing . Booth rode to Virginia with David Herold and stopped at the home of Dr. Samuel Mudd , who placed splints on Booth 's legs . They hid in a barn on Richard Garrett 's farm as thousands of Union troops combed the area looking for them . The other conspirators were captured , except for John Surratt , who fled to Canada .
When the troops finally caught up with Booth and Herold on April 26 , they gave them the option of surrendering before the barn was burned down . Herold decided to surrender , but Booth remained in the barn as it went up in flames . Booth was then shot and killed in the burning barn by Corporal Boston Corbett . On July 7 , George Atzerodt , Lewis Paine , David Herold , and John Surratt 's mother , Mary , were hanged in Washington . The execution of Mary Surratt is believed by some to have been a miscarriage of justice . Although there was proof of Surratt 's involvement in the original abduction conspiracy , it is clear that their deeds were minor compared to those of the others who were executed .
Them son John was eventually tracked down in Egypt and brought back to trial , but they managed , with the help of clever lawyers , to win an acquittal .
Everybody who used to make OpenGL applications , whether it be a simple triangle-of-death demo or a comprehensive rendering engine at some point needs to use extensions or later OpenGL versions . Usually many people start this by creating their own initializer library that loads the required entry points from the OpenGL library by hand . What is sure is that at some point everybody realizes that this process is just a waste of time and starts to look for an extension loading library out there . This is the obvious solution as it makes no sense to reinvent the wheel all the time . However , after using a particular one from the repertoire of these libraries one will face the problem that they are not that nice as they seemed before . In this article I will talk about some of these libraries and some of my thoughts about them .
OpenGL is evolving in a more and more fast manner nowadays and it is crucial to have an extension library that serves your needs and is up-to-date enough so you can easily adopt the latest features of the API . The sad truth is that this is not the case , at least there are some pitfalls that can cause you a lot of headaches when relying on these libraries .
This week , I planned to create a new version of my Nature demo first presented in my article Instance culling using geometry shaders that adopts the latest features of OpenGL 3.3 , especially concentrating on how GL_ARB_instanced_arrays can improve the throughput of the technique . I know that I would be able to do this without actual OpenGL 3.3 support from the extension library by using the extension itself rather than the core functions , but how it would like if I publish a demo stating it 's OpenGL 3.3 but I use internally OpenGL 3.2 with extensions ? That would be just too airy .
As you may know , I used GLEW in my previous demo as the extension library of choice , but I had some difficulties at that time as well . This time I got pissed off much easier as the bad memories put their mark on my preconception . I will talk about the reasons behind this later . First I would like to clarify the subject behind this article .
As I had several bad experiences with various libraries , especially this week , I thought it would be nice to write a summary of the possibilities have regarding the topic and what are the advantages and disadvantages of each , at least based on my experiences . The libraries I will talk about are : GLee , GLEW and GLLoader . I do n't want to blame the people who developed these libraries so excuse me if I will be sometimes too harsh as I should be already satisfied with the fact that at least I have the opportunity to use such open source tools instead of reinventing the wheel myself , but if you understand the background of my feelings you may easily accept why I 'm unsatisfied…
A few years ago I was developing all my hobby projects in Delphi/Free Pascal due to the great facilities and the nicer coding style that the language provides . I changed my mind in the recent past and switched to C/C++ because of the greater developer community behind the languages and to eliminate the need to develop supporting libraries for myself that already exist for other languages . So my assumption was that if I do this shift I will have far fewer problems with gathering the modules that will do the secondary stuff needed by my projects . Unfortunately , I soon became very disappointed due to the quality properties of those third-party tools that I thought can be the holy grail for my hobby projects . Of course , I had many good experiences , there is also one that I shared with you . But enough from the doublespeak , let 's see what we have…
GLee ( GL Easy Extension library )
I do n't have too much experience with this library as the last time I used it was years ago . Because of this , it is hard to say too much about it but I think one simple facts are enough to justify why this library should not be the primary choice for enthusiasts : it is pretty outdated as it supports only OpenGL 3.0 that has been released quite a long time ago . It even seems to me that it is no longer developed . It is written as hard-coded source that is not even an easy to maintain library , most probably that is the reason behind the disappearance of it .
Beside that , there are also some good things about this one . Namely it comes with a source code that can be easily integrated and compiled without the need of any third party software and I seriously consider this as an advantage , later you will understand why . Also , it comes with BSD license that allows enough freedom for almost any project .
Anyway , even though this library is simple and good for many applications , the fact that it 's outdated and not really maintained is a warning sign that every developer starting to use it must consider .
GLEW ( OpenGL Extension Wrangler library )
As I mentioned earlier , this is the library I used for my latest demos so I have up-to-date information about it . The one thing I like in it the most is that there is an excellent design idea behind it that , in theory , would make it the most superior library for the purpose . I intensionally used the expression “ in theory ” , I will explain it soon . The library comes with BSD or MIT license that is also a nice thing .
GLEW has a very nice build system behind it that can automatically download extension specifications from the OpenGL Extension Registry and generate the library using that information . Unfortunately , this build system is the one that can make you much headache if you would like to use it under Windows as it relies on many POSIX tools .
According to the homepage , GLEW shall be compiled very easy even under Windows with cygwin . I have only two problems with this :
I use Windows and I use MinGW for compilation and even with the tool-set of MSYS the building of the library renders almost impossible . As a last resort , I also tried cygwin but had similar results with it as well .
Actually this would n't be a problem on its own if the project maintainers would release Windows binary versions at least in case of every update of the OpenGL core specification or , at least , they would generate the source files in such cases as for compiling the sources themselves there is already a nice Makefile and a Visual Studio project file as well . Unfortunately , this is not the case . I do n't remember when they 've released the binaries for OpenGL 3.2 but I 'm sure it was far after the specification release . Anyway , the best way to solve the problem would be to create a build system that works also on Windows as it makes the library quite inconvenient for Windows developers .
GLLoader ( part of Klay Game Engine )
I heard about this one just in the recent past , after the release of OpenGL 3.3 and 4.0 . This was the first extension library stating that it 's OpenGL 4.0 capable . Well , there is not too much to complain about this tool , only just a few things :
By default , it comes with a dynamic library project file and I do n't really like to supply a DLL with my demos just for extension loading .
There are some mistakes in the code ( at least I found one related to glMapBufferRange function ) .
Also , unfortunately , it comes with GPL licensing that is too restrictive for many use cases .
Conclusion
There are actually several possibilities if one has to choose an OpenGL extension library , but unfortunately each has its drawbacks . GLEW would be obviously the most superior solution if there would n't be problems regarding its build system . I would even consider correcting the problems during compilation ( what usually occur due to the code generation as it does not handle all special cases , like it happened earlier with WGL_ARB_create_context that had multiple versions of it ) .GLee seems to be a definite no , but GLLoader is maybe a factor to consider .
We will see how each project will progress and whether they will care about the minor but annoying problems with their products ( I already created some bug/support report regarding the met issues mentioned ) . Anyway , currently it seems that this area still has unfilled gaps so one can easily drop in with its own library and capture the attention of developers who are seeking for third-party supplementary tools . My hope is that the developers of GLEW will make a step and resolve the issues thus creating a real plug & play library that everybody can rely upon .
This past Thursday morning the Kansas City Star obtained audio of Missouri Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill “ warn [ ing ] Democratic donors that blocking President Donald Trump 's Supreme Court nominee could have dire consequences. ” The Star 's Brian Lowry posted the audio ( below , I hope ) along with their article reporting on it .
Articulating the kind of rational calculation I set out in “ Will the Dems die on Mount Gorsuch ? , ” McCaskill told them supporters : “ I 'm very uncomfortable being part of a strategy that 's going to open up the Supreme Court to a complete change. ” The following day , however , McCaskill announced that they would back a filibuster of the Senate 's confirmation vote on Gorsuch .
Something 's happening here . What it is ai n't exactly clear .
Either the Senate Dems have become subservient tools of their lunatic base or they perceive a weak link ( or three ) among their Republican colleagues . Up for what should be a competitive reelection contest in 2018 , McCaskill presents as an interesting case study in the possibilities .
Via Staff/Weekly Standard and Jim Swift/Weekly Standard .
Applebee 's
Applebee 's has given up on millennials .
Earlier in August , executives announced that the chain plans to close between 105 and 135 locations this year . Applebee 's closed 46 locations in 2016 . Sales have been declining , with same-store sales dropping 7 % in the most recent quarter .
The chain 's failed attempt to win over millennial diners is at least partially to blame for struggles , according to executives .
`` Over the past few years , the brand 's set out to reposition or reinvent Applebee 's as a modern bar and grill in overt pursuit of a more youthful and affluent demographic with a more independent or even sophisticated dining mindset , including a clear pendulum swing towards millennials , '' John Cywinski , Applebee 's brand president , said in a recent call with investors .
They continued : `` In my perspective , this pursuit led to decisions that created confusion among core guests , as Applebee 's intentionally drifted from what I 'll call its 'Middle America ' roots and its abundant value position . While we certainly hope to extend our reach , we ca n't alienate Boomers or Gen-Xers in the process . ''
Applebee 's
Attempts by Applebee 's to win over millennials included a `` comprehensive business transformation '' meant to modernize the chain in 2016 . Franchisees spent millions of dollars on changes such as installing fire grills and redesigning locations .
Moving foward , Cywinski said that Applebee 's will turn its focus away from millennials . Instead , it will market more to `` routine traditionalists '' who actually enjoy casual dining chains and have favorite menu items , as well as `` value seekers '' who are looking for deals at sit-down restaurants .
Applebee 's is n't the only sit-down , casual dining brand trying — and mostly failing — to win over millennials .
Chains such as Buffalo Wild Wings and Ruby Tuesdays have faced slumping sales and store closures .
`` Millennial consumers are more attracted than their elders to cooking at home , ordering delivery from restaurants , and eating quickly , in fast-casual or quick-serve restaurants , '' Buffalo Wild Wings CEO Sally Smith wrote in a letter to shareholders earlier this year .
Editor 's note : Rhett Morris is the director of Endeavor Insight , the research arm of Endeavor , a nonprofit that supports more than 900 entrepreneurs in 20 countries . They edit a blog and monthly newsletter on entrepreneurship ecosystems here .
In 1957 , eight entrepreneurs decided to do something that seemed crazy . They launched a new tech company called Fairchild Semiconductor in a small town south of San Francisco . The entrepreneurs had a difficult start , but Fairchild eventually became the first major computer chip company in the region .
Although many people are familiar with Fairchild 's success , few know the full extent of its impact . During the last year , our team at Endeavor Insight has traced the story of Fairchild and gathered intriguing new data . We uncovered something that was quite surprising : if the value Fairchild created is measured in today 's dollars , we believe the firm would qualify as the first trillion dollar startup in the world .
Fairchild 's Launch and Early Success
The achievements of Fairchild 's co-founders are even more impressive when you consider where they occurred . The San Francisco Bay Area is now a thriving tech hub , but it was a very different place in the mid-1950s . At that time , there were no venture capital investors in the region . Stanford University did not produce any of the major research on computer chip components and immigrants made up only a small percentage of the population .
As the chart below illustrates , the San Francisco area was far behind other U.S. cities in the development of the transistor companies that made up the early computer chip industry . No one expected the region to become a hub for these technology businesses .
Seven of the eight co-founders of Fairchild had recently moved to the San Francisco area from cities with more established transistor firms and investors . Three of these entrepreneurs – Jay Last , Bob Noyce , and Sheldon Roberts – had earned PhDs from MIT in Boston . Eugene Kleiner and Julius Blank were engineers in New York City , and Jean Hoerni and Gordon Moore had worked at Caltech near Los Angeles . ( The final co-founder , Victor Grinich , was a former researcher and PhD student at Stanford . )
They leveraged their professional networks in these cities to find two key supporters who helped them raise capital and sign contracts with their first customer . These connections set them on the path to success . After just three years , Fairchild 's annual revenues were over $ 20 million . By the mid-1960s , the group had invented a new product , the integrated circuit , and was generating $ 90 million in annual sales . Yet , this was only the beginning of the co-founders ' accomplishments .
The Fairchild Valley
As Fairchild started to grow , employees began to leave the firm to launch new spin-off businesses . Many of these firms also grew quickly , inspiring other employees still working at the company .
“ You got these guys leaving and starting companies and the companies are running , working , ” a former manager recalled . “ You get a look around and look in the mirror and say , ‘ Well , you know , how about you ? What are you going to do ? ' ”
The eight co-founders supported a number of these new businesses . Kleiner encouraged an employee to start a company that made the glass components Fairchild used in its manufacturing process . Noyce served on the board of Applied Materials , a local electronics equipment manufacturer , and mentored the company 's young founder .
It was n't long before the entrepreneurs at Fairchild began to create their own spin-off firms . “ That experience of starting this company and watching it grow – I thought I 'd like to do that again , ” recalled Last . In 1961 , they partnered with three of their Fairchild co-founders to create Amelco , a new business that produced specialized devices . Two other co-founders , Moore and Noyce , left Fairchild several years later to start the computer chip firm Intel .
The eight co-founders also reinvested their capital into a number of new local startups . In 1961 , four of them helped to fund the Bay Area 's first venture capital firm . Another founder provided the financing that helped a former employee launch AMD . When Moore and Noyce launched Intel , the other six co-founders helped to fund the new business .
The growth of these new companies started to reshape the region . In just 12 years , the co-founders and former employees of Fairchild generated more than 30 spin-off companies and funded many more . By 1970 , chip businesses in the San Francisco area employed a total of 12,000 people .
“ That 's part of the legacy of Fairchild that maybe does n't get the attention it should , ” Moore has said . “ Every time we came up with a new idea , we spawned two or three companies trying to exploit it . ”
The achievements of these companies eventually attracted attention . In 1971 , a journalist named Don Hoefler wrote an article about the success of computer chip companies in the Bay Area . The firms they profiled all produced chips using silicon and were located in a large valley south of San Francisco . Hoefler put these two facts together to create a new name for the region : Silicon Valley .
Hoefler 's article and the name they coined have become quite famous , but there 's a critical part of their analysis that is often overlooked : Almost all of the silicon chip companies they profiled can be traced back to Fairchild and its co-founders .
Adding Up Fairchild 's Impact
Fairchild 's success continued to fuel the growth of companies in the Valley in the years after Hoefler 's article was published . When Steve Jobs was starting their career in the 1970s , they often rode their motorcycle to Noyce 's house and spent hours listening to the older entrepreneur 's advice . According to Noyce 's wife , Jobs also had a unique habit of calling their home around midnight . The first investor in Apple was also a former Fairchild employee .
The 92 public companies that can be traced back to Fairchild are now worth about $ 2.1 trillion , which is more than the annual GDP of Canada , India , or Spain .
In 1972 , Kleiner co-founded the venture firm Kleiner Perkins , which has gone on to invest in hundreds of companies , including Google and Symantec . While Kleiner was starting Kleiner Perkins , a former Fairchild executive named Don Valentine was launching another venture firm called Sequoia Capital , which has also invested in several hundred companies , such as Cisco and LinkedIn .
Many of the companies funded by these two firms were led by entrepreneurs and executives who have gone on to become important investors . Companies like Sun Microsystems , Netscape , and PayPal spawned investment firms such as Khosla Ventures , Andreessen Horowitz , Founder Collective , and 500 Startups .
Our team at Endeavor Insight recently worked to quantify the impact of Fairchild Semiconductor and its co-founders . We identified over 130 Bay Area tech companies that were trading on the NASDAQ or the New York Stock Exchange . Our analysis indicates that about 70 percent of these firms can be traced directly back to the founders and employees of Fairchild .
The total impact of these businesses is staggering . The 92 public companies that can be traced back to Fairchild are now worth about $ 2.1 trillion , which is more than the annual GDP of Canada , India , or Spain . These companies also employ over 800,000 people .
If we look beyond the publicly traded businesses listed above , Fairchild 's impact is even greater . In total , we can trace over 2,000 companies back to the firm 's eight co-founders . This includes companies such as Instagram , Palantir , Pixar , Nest , WhatsApp , Yammer and YouTube .
The story of Fairchild illustrates how entrepreneurs can reshape their local communities . When successful founders generate new spin-off companies , mentor others and act as early-stage investors it increases the opportunities available to new generations of entrepreneurs . The intellectual , social , and financial capital that successful founders reinvest into new companies strengthens the local entrepreneurship community and enables successful hubs , like the original Silicon Valley , to develop .
Fairchild trades on the NASDAQ with a market capitalization of around $ 2 billion . However , the full value of the company can only be measured by tracing the way the firm 's success has been reinvested into new founders and companies . By this measure , Fairchild is the Valley 's first trillion-dollar startup . It might even be the most important entrepreneurial company of the last hundred years .
This post has been condensed and excerpted from a new report by Endeavor Insight that was created through the support of Omidyar Network . For more detailed information on the growth of Fairchild Semiconductor and the impact of its founders , you can download the full report entitled “ How Did Silicon Valley Become Silicon Valley ? ” here .
COLUMBUS , OHIO – The Columbus Blue Jackets have named Jared Bednar head coach of the Springfield Falcons , the club 's American Hockey League affiliate , Blue Jackets Assistant General Manager Chris MacFarland announced today . Bednar has served as an assistant coach with the Falcons since July 23 , 2012 , helping the club capture back-to-back Northeast Division titles in 2012-13 and 2013-14 .
“ Jared has been instrumental in the development of several of our prospects in Springfield while serving as an assistant coach and was a big part of the team 's recent success , ” said MacFarland , who oversees hockey operations of Columbus ' professional affiliates . “ He 's very well-respected throughout the hockey community and we 're confident they will excel in their new role within our organization . ”
Bednar , 42 , served as the head coach of the AHL 's Peoria Rivermen from 2010-12 , amassing a record of 81-63-12 over the course of their two seasons with the club . They joined the Rivermen after serving as an assistant coach to Jim Playfair with the AHL 's Abbotsford Heat during the club 's inaugural 2009-10 season .
In 2008-09 , Bednar led the South Carolina Stingrays to a 42-23-6 record and the Kelly Cup championship in just their second season as the ECHL club 's head coach . They compiled an 89-45-9 mark during their stint with South Carolina from 2007-09 . The Yorkton , Saskatchewan native was an assistant coach with the Stingrays from 2002-07 during which time South Carolina qualified for the playoffs in all but one season .
A defenseman , Bednar skated in 148 career AHL/International Hockey League games with Grand Rapids , St. John 's and Rochester , as well as 434 career ECHL contests with Huntington and South Carolina . They won league titles with the Stingrays in both 1997 and 2001 .
A A
SEATAC , Wash. ( AP ) - A jet bridge dropped several feet Tuesday as passengers were exiting a Southwest Airlines flight at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport , but no one was injured , officials said .
The end of the walkway , where it was attached to the plane , fell 6 to 8 feet . Some passengers were on the bridge at the time , but it was unclear how many , said airport spokesperson Perry Cooper .
The cause of the drop was described as a mechanical failure . Thanks to a backup system - a large screw under the jetway that turns as it is raised or lowered - the bridge fell slowly , and those who were on it walked up to the gate , Cooper said .
About half of the passengers - 60 people - had exited the aircraft when the walkway fell . The rest left by a stairway brought to the other side of the plane .
A canvas covering designed to protect passengers from the weather also caught on the aircraft 's door , pulling the nose of the plane toward the ground . The plane was taken out of service pending inspections for possible damage , a Southwest Airlines official said .
By Tuesday afternoon , crews had brought in a large crane to lift the walkway and allow the plane to back away from it .
The plane , operating as Flight 570 , had arrived from Phoenix and was supposed to continue on to Chicago 's Midway International Airport .
Michelle Agnew , a spokesperson for Dallas-based Southwest Airlines , said in an email that the company is thankful no one was hurt .
The airline was working to accommodate passengers whose travel plans were affected , they said .
Greig Spence scored for Cowdenbeath
Greig Spence 's 19th goal of the season was n't enough to prevent Cowdenbeath being relegated to the League Two , their second demotion in two years .
The prolific striker glanced in a close ranger header but it 's Queen 's Park who progress to face Clyde in the play-off final with the first leg at home .
Chris Duggan 's double in the first game of this tie at Hampden Park proved good enough to take the Spiders through .
It condemns the Fifers to the fourth tier for the first time in seven years .
Unfortunately Duggan is highly unlikely to play any further part in Queen 's Park 's promotion push as they went off with a hamstring injury midway through the first half .
Cowdenbeath player/manager Colin Nish made five changes to the side that lost 2-0 in midweek and they certainly gave it their best shot to get back into the tie .
The problem is in the first half they came up against side shrewdly organised by their boss Gus McPherson as they defended in depth to frustrate the Blue Brazil for long spells .
Even when the Fifers did have a clear look at goal they lacked the quality to exploit them as Chris Kane , Lewis Milne and Craig Johnston all missed decent first half chances .
They also came up against a decent goalkeeper as Willie Muir proved with a good save to keep out a Kane shot early on to prevent the home side gaining any momentum .
Spence finally broke the deadlock after the visitors failed to defend a corner they believed should n't have been awarded in the first place and referee Craig Charleston sent manager McPherson to the stand for comments made in the aftermath .
By contrast Nish was able to bring themselves on as a substitute to try and influence things but neither they nor anyone else could get the goal to take the match into extra time .
Queen 's Park manager Gus McPherson : `` I was annoyed because it was clearly our goal kick and not their corner when they got their goal , but I thought my players really saw the game out strongly .
`` We are looking forward to the final now as we have had a lot of tough games against Clyde this season and these two will be exactly the same . ''
February 03 , 2014
News Office : Juliana Bunim ( 415 ) 502-6397
A new international , multi-center study led by researchers from UCSF Benioff Children 's Hospital is the first to evaluate whether purified cannabinoid is effective in treating severe forms of childhood epilepsy that do not respond to standard antiepileptic drugs .
Maria Roberta Cilio ,
M.D. , Ph.D .
`` Better treatment for children with uncontrolled seizures is desperately needed , '' said Dr. Maria Roberta Cilio , principal investigator for the multi-center study and director of research at the UCSF Pediatric Epilepsy Center . `` It 's important to get seizure control at any age , but in children , uncontrolled seizures may impact brain and neurocognitive development , which can have an extraordinary effect on quality of life and contribute to progressive cognitive impairment . ''
The drug , called Epidiolex , is a purified cannabinoid that comes in a liquid form containing no tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , the psychotropic component in cannabis . Produced by the biopharmaceutical company GW Pharmaceuticals , Epidiolex is considered a schedule 1 substance by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and is closely monitored and restricted by both the FDA and U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency .
The trial will enroll a total of 150 patients across six centers . The study began earlier this month at UCSF Benioff Children 's Hospital and is also underway at NYU Langone Medical Center . Pending FDA approval , it will launch at four additional institutions this year .
Joseph Sullivan , M.D .
`` Studies have been conducted in healthy adults who have shown CBD to be well tolerated and safe , '' said Dr. Joseph Sullivan , co-investigator for the UCSF trial and director of the UCSF Pediatric Epilepsy Center . `` While we do n't know the full side effect profile in children , this study will allow us to follow the children closely and determine if the side effect profile differs from that in adults . ''
The patients are all between the ages of one and 18 with intractable epilepsies shown to be resistant to many if not all of the antiepileptic treatments , including drugs and a ketogenic diet . This includes children with Dravet syndrome , a rare genetic disorder that manifests in early childhood with frequent , disabling seizures often occurring daily and numbering into the hundreds , as well as profound cognitive and social deficits .
For one year the patients will be carefully monitored with seizure diaries and blood tests to measure the levels of the patients ' other seizure medications in order to learn about safety , dosage , effectiveness and drug interactions .
`` Studies in animal models have shows CBD works as an anticonvulsant , but this is just the initial exploratory step to determine whether further testing of CBD as an anticonvulsant is warranted , and how it will be conducted , '' said Cilio . `` Our current trial will hopefully lead to a placebo-controlled , blinded clinical trial in the types of epilepsy that respond best to CBD . ''
UCSF Benioff Children 's Hospital was the first site to ever administer Epidiolex in children with epilepsy . In April 2013 , the drug was given to two patients who were part of a special exploratory study approved by the FDA 's Investigational New Drug ( IND ) program , and results from that initial experience helped provide the framework for the current study , according to researchers .
`` This trial is pioneering a new treatment for children with the most severe epilepsies , for whom nothing else works , '' said Cilio . `` But we are just at the beginning , combining experts in the field with a brave institution ready to take this on , and courageous patients looking for hope . ''
About UCSF Benioff Children 's Hospital
UCSF Benioff Children 's Hospital creates an environment where children and their families find compassionate care at the forefront of scientific discovery , with more than 150 experts in 50 medical specialties serving patients throughout Northern California and beyond . The hospital admits about 5,000 children each year , including 2,000 babies born in the hospital . For more information , visit www.ucsfbenioffchildrens.org .
Follow UCSF Benioff Children 's Hospital on www.facebook.com/UCSFBenioffChildrens or on Twitter @ UCSFHospitals .
Sanders specifically noted that “ it 's a little bit early to be speculating ” on a running mate , but then brought up Warren 's name unprompted .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Elizabeth Warren , I think , has been a real champion of standing up for working families , taking on Wall Street , ” they said on MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe . ”
The Warren talk came after the show 's hosts asked Sanders whether they would commit to picking a woman running mate .
“ I 'm not going to commit . You have to look at the best candidates you can , ” the Vermont senator said .
“ I think the women of this country — the people of this country understand that it would be a great idea to have a woman as vice president . It 's something I would give serious thought to , ” Sanders continued .
“ There are fantastic women who have been active in all kinds of fights who I think would make great vice presidential candidates . ”
We fall into the same trap every year , and it makes sense . When the initial BCS standings are released , we automatically play the What If ? game with scenarios that feel likely , but in no way actually are . What if we finish with five undefeated teams ? What if Florida State gets left out of the title game ? And my goodness , Alabama-Ohio State and Florida State-Oregon ? What a playoff this would be !
Odds are a funny thing , though . If you have an eight-in-10 chance of winning each of your 12 games , that still means you 're most likely going to drop a couple along the way . That does n't mean you 're a choke artist ; it just means it 's really hard to do what you 're supposed to do every single week .
There 's only about a four percent chance of that happening .
Let 's put this another way . Alabama , Florida State , and Oregon are all incredible teams with minimal weaknesses . We spent quite a bit of oxygen this week trying to figure out what might happen if or when all three of them finish the regular season undefeated . But really , there 's only about a four percent chance of that happening . It is very likely that at least one of them will lose in the next seven weeks , even though they will be favored in , at worst , 18 of 19 remaining contests ( including conference title games ) .
A year ago at this time , each of the top five teams were undefeated : Alabama , Florida , Kansas State , Oregon , and Notre Dame . And we were reveling in the BCS doomsday scenarios of an undefeated Oregon or Notre Dame squad getting left out of the title game . But then four of those five teams lost , as did the five other remaining undefeated teams .
Two years ago , seven of the top eight teams in the BCS standings were undefeated at this time : LSU , Alabama , Oklahoma State , Boise State , Clemson , Stanford , and Kansas State . And six of those seven lost before the end of November .
Winning is really hard . And November is crazy . Let 's go through the top 12 of the BCS to see which teams are the most likely to win out , and which are the most likely to fall victim to upsets and mayhem along the way .
1 . Alabama
BCS Ranking : 1
F/+ Ranking : 1
Chances of winning out : 60 %
Remaining games : No . 49 Tennessee ( 99 % ) , No . 15 LSU ( 89 % ) , at No . 52 Mississippi State ( 98 % ) , Chattanooga ( 100 % ) , at No . 25 Auburn ( 83 % ) , SEC Championship vs. No . 9 Missouri ( 81 % ) or No . 22 South Carolina ( 86 % )
Where did these win probabilities come from ?
Note : These odds come from projections made using the F/+ rankings . They seem aggressive in some cases ( Alabama having an 89 percent chance of beating LSU , for instance ) , but they are based on the magnitude of your advantage in the F/+ ratings , with a home-field adjustment . And the top teams have , as usual , separated themselves rather dramatically from the pack .
These projections will get a Bayesian tweak in the offseason , which will probably tamp down the higher numbers ( Alabama having a 99 percent chance of beating Tennessee , for instance ) . But the higher odds actually help deliver the overall point , which is that even teams with great odds will probably drop a game at some point . ( And by the way , my methods here are different from what Brian Fremeau is using for ESPN Insider pieces . )
Safe to say , Alabama has gotten things figured out since barely surviving Johnny Football in Week 3 . Obviously an LSU team bringing its A-game could seriously challenge the tide , and the Iron Bowl trip across the state certainly looks more difficult than it did a few weeks ago , but Alabama 's odds are still predictably strong . While LSU has had some pretty distinct ups and downs recently , Alabama has been mostly up .
2 . Florida State
BCS Ranking : 2
F/+ Ranking : 2
Chances of winning out : 52 %
Remaining games : No . 93 NC State ( 99 % ) , No . 10 Miami ( 83 % ) , at No . 81 Wake Forest ( 99 % ) , No . 84 Syracuse ( 99 % ) , No . 120 Idaho ( 99 % ) , at No . 31 Florida ( 85 % ) , ACC Championship vs. No . 8 Virginia Tech ( 77 % ) or No . 10 Miami ( 77 % )
This is perhaps the strongest proof of how odds work . Even though Florida State would have a better than three-in-four chance of beating either Virginia Tech or Miami on a neutral field in the ACC title game , and even though the rest of the regular season slate is beginning to look painfully easy , the Seminoles still only have a 52 percent chance of finishing 13-0 . If they slip up along the way , it will be used as another example of Florida State Being Florida State , but really , odds of winning every game just are n't great for anybody .
3 . Baylor
BCS Ranking : 8
F/+ Ranking : 5
Chances of winning out : 50 %
Remaining games : at No . 91 Kansas ( 99 % ) , No . 34 Oklahoma ( 92 % ) , No . 33 Texas Tech ( 87 % ) , at No . 23 Oklahoma State ( 71 % ) , at No . 42 TCU ( 89 % ) , No . 46 Texas ( 99 % )
I laughed and laughed at the thought of Baylor having a 99 percent chance of beating Texas . But then I remembered that Baylor just played a team that almost beat Texas ( Iowa State lost by one controversial point ) and beat them by 64 points . Texas is improving overall , and I 'd expect the odds to drop a decent amount by the end of the season , but based on the teams ' overall 2013 resumes , you can understand why the numbers see what they see .
( Meanwhile , Oklahoma really has fallen to 34th overall . The Sooners do n't have much of a chance of escaping Waco with a win in their current state . Every day , I feel a little sillier about sticking up for the upper half of the Big 12 this summer . )
4 . Ohio State
BCS Ranking : 4
F/+ Ranking : 11
Chances of winning out : 29 %
Remaining games : No . 43 Penn State ( 89 % ) , at No . 105 Purdue ( 99 % ) , at No . 58 Illinois ( 83 % ) , No . 40 Indiana ( 87 % ) , at No . 29 Michigan ( 61 % ) , Big Ten Championship vs No . 30 Michigan State ( 71 % ) or No . 38 Nebraska ( 79 % )
Ohio State has yet to lose since Urban Meyer took over in Columbus . That is very , very impressive . It 's also a flagrant thumbing-of-the-nose at the odds , which probably would have had the Buckeyes losing at least three or four of their 19 games with Meyer . Still , here they are . And at only 11th overall , they have quite a bit of work to do to continue winning games that are closer than they should be in the third quarter .
The good news , however , is that someone above the Buckeyes in the BCS standings will probably lose a game . So if Ohio State continues this magic act , the odds are decent that the top two of the standings could be in play , elite or not .
Steve Dykes/Getty
5 . Stanford
BCS Ranking : 6
F/+ Ranking : 3
Chances of winning out : 26 %
Remaining games : at No . 36 Oregon State ( 86 % ) , No . 4 Oregon ( 64 % ) , at No . 21 USC ( 72 % ) , No . 98 California ( 99 % ) , No . 28 Notre Dame ( 91 % ) , Pac-12 Championship vs. No . 18 UCLA ( 79 % ) or No . 6 Arizona State ( 66 % )
The two formulas that make up the F/+ rankings -- my S & P+ ratings and Brian Fremeau 's FEI -- each tend to inadvertently play favorites . For Ken Pomeroy 's basketball ratings in the past , Wisconsin has notoriously cracked the code . My numbers always seem to rate Florida State and BYU higher than others . And right now , Stanford owns the key to FEI . Thanks in part to outstanding special teams , the Cardinal rank second in FEI and third overall , ahead of Oregon and Baylor . It happens .
But it does give us some perspective on how difficult Oregon 's trip to Palo Alto could still be in a couple of weeks . Stanford dropped one it should n't at Utah , but Utah 's good ( No . 12 ) , and the Cardinal are still very sound overall . Beat Oregon , and they 're perhaps just one or two upsets elsewhere from being right back in or near the top two .
6 . Oregon
BCS Ranking : 3
F/+ Ranking : 4
Chances of winning out : 14 % ( 44 % if the Ducks survive UCLA and Stanford )
Remaining games : No . 18 UCLA ( 87 % ) , at No . 3 Stanford ( 36 % ) , No . 12 Utah ( 82 % ) , at No . 20 Arizona ( 75 % ) , No . 36 Oregon State ( 98 % ) , Pac-12 Championship vs. No . 18 UCLA ( 80 % ) or No . 6 Arizona State ( 66 % )
Wow , does F/+ love the Pac-12 . Arizona State 's domination of Washington -- a team that almost beat Stanford and stuck with Oregon for most of 50 minutes -- vaulted the Sun Devils to sixth in the F/+ ratings , a pretty huge jump for this time in the year . With Utah sticking at 12th , Washington at 16th , UCLA at 18th , Arizona at 20th , and USC somehow at 21st ( well , I know how : the defense still grades out very well ) , the Pac-12 has eight of the top 21 teams overall . And in six remaining games ( including the Pac-12 title game ) , Oregon would probably play five of them . The Ducks are great , but the remaining slate is a monster .
7 . Clemson
BCS Ranking : 9
F/+ Ranking : 27
Chances of winning out : 8 %
Remaining games : at No . 64 Maryland ( 80 % ) , at No . 62 Virginia ( 80 % ) , No . 32 Georgia Tech ( 68 % ) , The Citadel ( 99 % ) , at No . 22 South Carolina ( 71 % ) , ACC Championship vs. No . 10 Miami ( 29 % ) or No . 8 Virginia Tech ( 26 % )
Obviously Clemson now must hope for Florida State to get upset twice in conference play to get into the ACC title game . And that almost certainly is n't going to happen . And even if it did , the Tigers might not be able to take advantage of it . They are given only a 44 percent chance of going 3-0 against Maryland ( not accounting for recent injuries ) , Virginia , and Georgia Tech .
8 . Missouri
BCS Ranking : 5
F/+ Ranking : 9
Chances of winning out to the SEC Championship : 29 %
Chances of winning out and beating Alabama : 6 %
Remaining games : No . 22 South Carolina ( 71 % ) , No . 49 Tennessee ( 93 % ) , at No . 85 Kentucky ( 96 % ) , at No . 26 Ole Miss ( 61 % ) , No . 24 Texas A & M ( 75 % ) , SEC Championship vs. No . 1 Alabama ( 19 % ) or No . 25 Auburn ( 67 % )
It 's funny how a potential date with Alabama tamps your odds down .
With a win over South Carolina on Saturday , Missouri would own a tiebreaker over each of the assumed top three other teams in the SEC East . With wins over both South Carolina and Tennessee , the Tigers would basically clinch the division two days into November . But while their odds of pulling that off are certainly decent , there 's a difference between that and finishing undefeated .
9 . Miami
BCS Ranking : 7
F/+ Ranking : 10
Chances of winning out to the ACC Championship : 7 %
Chances of winning out and beating FSU : 2 %
Remaining games : No . 81 Wake Forest ( 99 % ) , at No . 2 Florida State ( 17 % ) , No . 8 Virginia Tech ( 60 % ) , at No . 50 Duke ( 82 % ) , No . 62 Virginia ( 98 % ) , at No . 56 Pittsburgh ( 84 % ) , ACC Championship vs. No . 2 Florida State ( 23 % ) or No . 27 Clemson ( 71 % )
Miami 's a better team than it looked in a narrow win over North Carolina last Thursday night , especially if Stephen Morris ' ankle ever heals up completely . But with a trip to Tallahassee coming up and a potential FSU rematch looming a month later , obviously Miami 's odds of remaining among the ranks of the undefeated are minimal .
Kevin C. Cox/Getty
10 . Auburn
BCS Ranking : 11
F/+ Ranking : 25
Chances of winning out : 2 %
Remaining games : No . 72 Florida Atlantic ( 91 % ) , at No . 83 Arkansas ( 87 % ) , at No . 49 Tennessee ( 69 % ) , No . 17 Georgia ( 45 % ) , No . 1 Alabama ( 17 % ) , SEC Championship vs. No . 9 Missouri ( 33 % ) or No . 22 South Carolina ( 41 % )
Win the next three games , and Gus Malzahn all but locks in their spot in the top two of the SEC Coach of the Year voting ( with Gary Pinkel ) . Win the two after that , and this season goes from surprising to shocking .
11 . Texas Tech
BCS Ranking : 10
F/+ Ranking : 33
Chances of winning out : 1 %
Remaining games : at No . 34 Oklahoma ( 38 % ) , No . 23 Oklahoma State ( 42 % ) , No . 37 Kansas State ( 68 % ) , vs. No . 5 Baylor ( 13 % ) , at No . 46 Texas ( 61 % )
At 33rd , Texas Tech is the weakest of the major-conference undefeateds -- Fresno State ranks 41st , Northern Illinois 69th -- and even in a diluted Big 12 , the odds of the Red Raiders escaping the regular season at 12-0 are … not good .
12 . UCLA
BCS Ranking : 12
F/+ Ranking : 18
Chances of winning out : 0.1 %
Remaining games : at No . 4 Oregon ( 13 % ) , No . 99 Colorado ( 99 % ) , at No . 20 Arizona ( 38 % ) , No . 16 Washington ( 60 % ) , No . 6 Arizona State ( 38 % ) , at No . 21 USC ( 39 % ) , Pac-12 Championship vs. No . 4 Oregon ( 20 % ) or No . 3 Stanford ( 21 % )
There 's no question that if UCLA wins out , the Bruins could end up third ( at worst ) in the BCS standings . With games against so many solid teams , the computers will love the Bruins ( even if the BCS computers do n't love the Pac-12 as much as F/+ does ) . But there 's also no question that there 's little chance of this happening . UCLA 's good but flawed ; winning the next seven games would take a nearly flawless group .
Takeaway
We 've spent this week talking about the merits of an undefeated Florida State team versus an undefeated Oregon team . But chances are good that , approaching the first Saturday in December , we 're actually going to be comparing the merits of one-loss Florida State versus undefeated Baylor or undefeated Alabama versus one-loss Oregon . November is right around the corner ; things are still likely to get crazy .
But you still might want to go ahead and prepare yourself for a Bama-FSU title game .
More from SB Nation college football :
Follow @ SBNationCFBFollow @ SBNRecruiting
• The Grove is closed : Spencer Hall on fear and victory at Ole Miss
• Miami decision shows NCAA overhaul ca n't come soon enough
• The week 's best stats : Alabama 's D is back
• Why we should n't have been surprised by Florida State
• Alabama , FSU top Oregon in year 's first BCS rankings
• Daily college football news headlines
Radio shock jock Alan Jones has delivered a scathing assessment of Sydney Swans star Adam Goodes on national television , saying the champion footballer always `` plays the victim '' and needs to change their behaviour if they want crowds to stop booing them at AFL games .
The 2GB presenter claimed crowds were reacting negatively to the 35-year-old because they simply did n't like their behaviour , including their `` spear throwing and the running in and doing a war dance and so on and provoking people '' .
Jones insisted crowds had not forgotten when Goodes `` humiliated '' a 13-year-old girl who was in the crowd of an AFL match in 2013 . The teenager was escorted from the MCG after calling Goodes an ape . They later apologised and claimed they did not know the word was a racist slur .
`` You know , the man is always a victim , '' Jones railed on Channel Seven 's Sunrise on Wednesday morning .
Story highlights Elizabeth Warren tore into Donald Trump during a recent stump speech for Hillary Clinton
This comes after Trump is under fire for recent sexual harassment allegations and a leaked hot mic tape
Manchester , New Hampshire ( CNN ) In Elizabeth Warren 's view , Donald Trump thinks `` a mouthful of Tic Tacs '' means they can `` force themselves on any woman within groping distance . ''
In a video released earlier this month , the Republican nominee said they needed Tic Tacs before talking with `` Access Hollywood 's '' Billy Bush on a hot mic about how they can do anything to women because they are a celebrity .
`` I 've got ta use some Tic Tacs , just in case I start kissing them You know I 'm automatically attracted to beautiful -- I just start kissing them . It 's like a magnet . Just kiss . I do n't even wait , '' Trump said .
Warren , and most every Democrat as well as many Republicans , took issue with the comments that have now rocked Trump 's campaign .
`` He thinks that because they have a mouthful of Tic Tacs they can force themselves on any woman within groping distance , '' Warren said while campaigning at St. Anselm College and introducing the Democratic presidential nominee . `` Well I 've got news for you Donald Trump . Women have had it with guys like you . ''
Read More
by Michyboi10 » 20 Aug 2015 , 14:18
After multiple testing I 've found out that steel weapons do indeed do the exactly same amount of damage as iron . I think as steel is alot more expensive to make it should at least give you a lighter weapon or +10 extra damage on swings instead of just durability.I also think that the steel weapon should look different to iron as it being made of a different material , here are some examples of steel/iron weaponsSteel http : //www.hill-interiors.com/images/giant/S5708.jpg Iron http : //media.liveauctiongroup.net/i/12007/13892476_1.jpg ? v=8CF55BFA69FBC10 The first one has more of a shine to it and looks generally cleaner , the second one looks more rusted and is generally more dark in color.surely designing this would n't take much ? ( that 's if you have independent people working on different aspects )
Story highlights Bear called M13 `` was in no way a problem bear , '' says conservation group expert
It showed little fear of humans , Swiss wildlife service says
The young male was killed in an Alpine valley near the border with Italy
Supporters of M13 express their grief and outrage on Facebook
M13 was the only bear known to have been living wild in Switzerland , according to the Swiss national broadcaster .
Despite that status , the young male was shot Tuesday morning in Poschiavo Valley , in the Alps near the Italian border , by authorities who feared they were a threat to people .
The brown bear had become dangerous because they regularly sought out food in inhabited areas -- including a school -- and had started following people during the day , the Swiss Federal Environment Office said .
The creature also showed little fear of humans despite several attempts to get it away from villages , it said .
There was so much concern about the bear 's behavior , they were fitted with a radio collar so they could be closely monitored . And in November of last year , they were classified as a `` problem bear . ''
When M13 emerged from their winter hibernation recently , that pattern of behavior was repeated , pushing authorities to act , the environment office said in a prepared statement Wednesday .
`` The bear M13 had certainly never showed any aggression toward man , but the risk that an accident might happen and that people might be badly injured or killed had become intolerable , '' it said .
Nonetheless , news of their death prompted grief and outrage on a Facebook page set up by supporters of M13 . Some questioned why they are n't relocated or placed in a zoo rather than being shot by wildlife officers .
The Swiss branch of the World Wildlife Fund environmental campaign group said it was `` extremely disappointed '' that the bear was killed .
Joanna Schoenenberger , an expert on bears at the WWF , said it was far too soon to shoot M13 .
M13 `` was in no way a problem bear , '' they said , adding that wildlife officers should have continued efforts to make them more frightened of humans .
`` His death is the result of a lack of acceptance of bears in Poschiavo , which is a direct consequence of a lack of information among the population , '' they said .
The risk remains that other bears might follow in M13 's paw prints and stray into Switzerland 's Grisons area .
According to the Swiss Federal Environment Office , M13 was one of about 40 individuals originating in the Trentino Alto Adige area of Italy , where a reintroduction program is under way .
The bear 's name comes from the system of identifying bears from that Italian population , with M standing for males and F for females , said WWF spokesperson Philip Gehri . M13 was the 13th male from that group to be born in the wild .
Faced with the migration of these bears , Swiss authorities have the dilemma of whether to try to protect the population as a whole or a few individuals , the environment office said .
`` In order to give the bear population a chance to reestablish itself in Switzerland , circumstances sometimes arise when unfortunately an individual must be killed , '' it said .
Eight bears have entered Switzerland since 2006 , the WWF said .
If others follow , they should not be killed `` simply because we have n't done our homework , '' said Schoenenberger .
The WWF advises that people in areas where bears may be present safeguard livestock , put garbage in bear-proof trashcans and protect beehives .
And for the brown bear to survive in the Alps , its human neighbors must accept it , Schoenenberger said .
Switzerland is not the only country to struggle with the question of how to help humans and natural predators coexist without friction . In the United States , lawmakers in Minnesota voted last year to allow limited hunting of wolves , after they were removed from federal protection .
Conservation groups , including the Humane Society , opposed the decision , but the Minnesota-based International Wolf Center argued that wolves are a threat to domestic animals wherever the two coexist .
One day ahead of the Academy Awards nominations , the anti-Oscar Razzies have unveiled their picks for the cinematic worst of 2013 . Perennial punching bags Adam Sandler and Tyler Perry are called out for Grown Ups 2 , the most-nominated film , and A Madea Christmas , respectively . Also , Sylvester Stallone nabbed a 31st nom for a trio of films that came out last year . Here 's the full Razzie rundown :
One year shy of their 35th anniversary , Tinsel Town 's Tackiest Trophy Derby continues to call on Hollywood 's A-Listers to “ Own Their Bad. ” This year 's 34th Annual RAZZIE® nominees include some of the biggest names in the movie business , who happened to star in some of the biggest box office bombs of 2013 . For the first time in their history , the RAZZIES® are also working with their worldwide fan-base of PO 'd motion picture-goers , and the cutting edge crowd-funding website Indiegogo to put on a high-end show this year and pave the way for the first ever RAZZIE® Awards Broadcast in 2015 .
Garnering their first ever RAZZIE® nods are some of the silver screen 's most recognizable luminaries , including past Oscar® nominees Johnny Depp and Naomi Watts as well as up-and-comers making crummy choices like Jaden Smith and Selena Gomez . The list also includes several “ Repeat Offenders , ” returning for more pie-in-the-face/light-hearted joshing from the only folks whose statuette no one wants to win . Going for a possible 3rd Worst Actor “ win ” in a row , Adam Sandler is back , alongside such RAZZIE® stalwarts ( and past “ winners ” ) as Ashton Kutcher , Lindsay Lohan , Taylor Lautner , Tyler Perry and The Awl Time RAZZIE® Cham-Peeen Sylvester Stallone , snagging a staggering 31st nomination for three 2013 dogs , BULLET TO THE HEAD , ESCAPE PLAN and GRUDGE MATCH .
Among this year 's five Worst Picture contenders are a real life father and son ( Will and Jaden Smith ) in a sci-fi epic set on “ Planet Nepotism , ” AFTER EARTH ; Sandler 's latest summer-vacation-masquerading-as-a-movie , GROWN UPS # 2 ; A shockingly star-studded cast in a major dud that came off as an X-rated rip-off of Love American Style , MOVIE 43 : Tyler Perry 's 37th Man-in-a-Dress Drag-Fest A MADEA CHRISTMAS : and The Year 's Biggest B.O . Bust , Dizz-Knee 's flat-footed remake of THE LONE RANGER . A complete list of all nominees is included below .
For 8 of this year 's 9 RAZZIE® categories , contenders were determined by seeking online votes from some 750 G.R.A.F . Members in 47 U.S. states and 13 foreign countries . Nominations for the 9th category , Worst Screen Combo , were determined by votes from nearly 62,000 users at the popular movie review website Rotten Tomatoes.com . “ Winners ” in all categories will be announced on the now traditional date of “ Oscar Eve , ” Saturday , March 1 .
WORST PICTURE
After Earth
Grown Ups 2
The Lone Ranger
A Madea Christmas
Movie 43
WORST ACTOR
Johnny Depp : The Lone Ranger
Ashton Kutcher : Jobs
Adam Sandler : Grown Ups 2
Jaden Smith : After Earth
Sylvester Stallone : Bullet To The Head , Escape Plan , Grudge Match
WORST ACTRESS
Halle Berry : Movie 43 , The Call
Selena Gomez : Getaway
Lindsay Lohan : The Canyons
Tyler Perry : A Madea Christmas
Naomi Watts : Diana , Movie 43
WORST SUPPORTING ACTRESS
Lady Gaga : Machete Kills
Salma Hayek : Grown Ups 2
Katherine Heigl : The Big Wedding
Kim Kardashian : Tyler Perry 's Temptation
Lindsay Lohan : In-App-Propriate Comedy , Scary Movie 5
WORST SUPPORTING ACTOR
Chris Brown : Battle Of The Year
Larry the Cable Guy : A Madea Christmas
Taylor Lautner : Grown Ups 2
Will Smith : After Earth
Nick Swardson : A Haunted House , Grown Ups 2
WORST DIRECTOR
The 13 People Who Directed Movie 43
Dennis Dugan : Grown Ups 2
Tyler Perry : A Madea Christmas , Temptation
M. Night Shyamalan : After Earth
Gore Verbinski : The Lone Ranger
WORST SCREEN COMBO
The Entire Cast of Groan-Ups , Too
The Entire Cast of Movie 43
Lindsay Lohan & Charlie Sheen : Scary Movie 5
Tyler Perry & EITHER Larry the Cable Guy OR That Worn-Out Wig & Dress : A Madea Christmas
Jaden Smith & Will Smith on Planet Nepotism : After Earth
WORST SCREENPLAY
After Earth : Screenplay by Gary Whitta and M. Night Shyamalan , Story by Will Smith
Grown Ups 2 : Written by Fred Wolfe & Adam Sandler & Tim Herlihy
The Lone Ranger : Screen Story & Screenplay by Ted Elliott , Justin Haythe & Terry Rosso
A Madea Christmas : Written by Tyler Perry
Movie 43 : Written by 19 “ Screenwriters ”
WORST REMAKE , RIP-OFF or SEQUEL
Grown Ups 2
Hangover III
The Lone Ranger
Scary Movie 5
Smurfs 2
Based on dismal economic figures in the country after seven years of Barack Obama , author-historian Robert W. Merry says it is likely Donald Trump will win the presidential election in November .
And based on “ analytic structure ” – Trump could very well win in a landslide .
Zero Hedge reported :
Suppose this election is n't about Trump or Hillary at all . Suppose , as political scientists Allan J. Lichtman and Ken DeCell claimed in their 1988 book , Thirteen Keys to the Presidency , that all presidential elections from 1860 to the present are referendums on the sitting president and their party .
If the public views the sitting president 's second term favorably , the candidate from their party will win the election . If the public views the sitting president 's second term unfavorably , the candidate from the other party will win the election .
( Lichtman published another book on their system in 2008 , The Keys to the White House : A Surefire Guide to Predicting the Next President . )
Author/historian Robert W. Merry sorts through the 13 analytic keys in the current issue of The American Conservativemagazine and concludes they “ could pose bad news for Clinton . ”
If five or fewer are negative for the incumbent , the incumbent party will win the election . If six or more are negative , the incumbent party loses the election . Merry counts eight negatives for President Obama 's second term , which if true spells defeat for the Clinton ticket .
Whether the 13 issues are positive or negative for the candidates is of course open to debate , but consider what it means that Trump won the Republican nomination despite the near-universal opposition of the Establishment .
Consider that some polls found that 68 percent of adults think the country is on the wrong track and a recent average of six polls on the subject concluded that 64 % of adults feel the nation is moving in the wrong direction .
This means 2/3 of the nation 's adults no longer buy into the Establishment/ mainstream media 's narrative that the economy is expanding nicely , things are going in the right direction and Hillary Clinton has a lock on the presidency…
…Based on this analytic structure , Trump may not just win the election in November–he might win by a landslide–with landslide usually being defined by an overwhelming advantage in electoral college votes or 60 % of the popular vote .
CMC : `` Hey ! You came to the wrong part of the neighborhood mister ... '' Drop everything and run ! ! ! ! Sooooooooo ... Everyone is allowed to some fail at a point in their lives , right ? ... Right ? Anyways , here are the CMC ... with some ... shadowy whatever things in the generic brown floor and wall ... The only real way this thing can be of any use , is as the cover of a fanfiction , and a bad one for the matter ... No idea how I got this ... idea . Seriously , I just drew the CMC and decided to add some `` wtf '' in the mix . Do n't ask ... Scootaloo 's shade is a strangely badass spiky figure , ready to kick butt.Swetie Belle 's shade is something of a sorceress kind of thing.Apple Bloom is a thorn ... Whatever , I have no idea [ link ] [ link ] At least they still have their little bow.God , it 's not even funny . In Marvin 's voice `` Ohhh , why do I bother ? `` Ok , maybe under different circumstances ( better skill at drawing , or someone else has that idea ) it could have been good . Real scary and all . But that could take some years from my partMeh , I 'll just upload the CMC with their little halos tomorrow .
Multnomah Co. Sheriff 's Office A 26-year-old pimp convicted and sentenced to 100 years in the brutal beating of a prostitute and another man is now suing Nike , claiming the shoe company is partially responsible since the Jordans they used to stomp the victims did not come with a warning label , The Oregonian reports .
From NBC :
[ Sirgiorgio Sanford ] Clardy wrote a three-page complaint against Nike from the Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution where they are incarcerated , reported The Oregonian . In the claim they said Nike `` failed to warn of risk or to provide an adequate warning or instruction , '' by not cautioning that their shoes are `` potentially dangerous . ''
In June , Clardy repeatedly stomped on the head of a man with their Nike Air Jordan shoes for refusing to pay their prostitute , who Clardy also injured , USA Today reports . The man — who required stitches and plastic surgery on their nose — was then robbed of all their money , according to The Oregonian .
After a two-week trial in which Clardy threatened people and often shouted expletives at the judge , they were declared a dangerous offender unlikely of being rehabilitated , The Oregonian reported .
This latest conviction is another addition to Clardy 's extensive rap sheet of felonies and misdemeanors , according to Multnomah County Sherriff 's Office .
Nike has not yet been served with the lawsuit , and a company spokesperson had no comment , according to NBC .
Oil spills in Peruvian Amazon devastate indigenous communities
February 22 , 2016
Dozens of Peruvian tribes have seen their territories opened up to oil companies © Johan Wildhagen/Survival
Indigenous communities in the Peruvian Amazon have suffered from two oil spills in two months .
The spills are all attributed to State oil company PetroPerú , which has failed to conduct routine maintenance on its pipelines . One spill released at least 2,000 barrels of oil , which spread into the local rivers , affecting indigenous communities that include the Achuar , Shapra , Wampis and Awajún .
The spills have destroyed the ecosystem , compromising the health , food and safety of local communities . Locals have lost their livelihoods and are no longer able to drink water from the rivers or fish for food .
Whilst the cleanup is the responsibility of PetroPerú , both the company and the government have been slow to react . Communities have resorted to trying to clean up the toxic oil themselves . Shocking images reveal that children , without protection , have been involved in this dangerous process .
This environmental disaster is just the latest in a long history of oil and gas leaks in the area . More than 70 % of the Peruvian Amazon has been leased by the government to oil companies . Many of these leases are inhabited by indigenous people . These projects not only open up previously remote areas to outsiders , such as loggers and colonists , but destroy the ecosystem for indigenous peoples .
The national indigenous peoples ' organisation , AIDESEP , has denounced the oil spills . Criticising the slow action of the government , the organisation called on “ international public opinion , the media , NGOs and civil society to pay attention to this serious event that puts in danger the lives of thousands of people living in the area who have traditionally been neglected ” .
Marriage Master :
Marriage Master allows you to marry another player in Minecraft to get some extras . It offers an outstanding compatibility with older Minecraft versions and gets updated regularly .
Thanks everyone for over 150.000 downloads !
Now also on spigot.org !
Features :
Permissions
Teleport to partner
XP Boost when near partner
faster health regeneration when near partner
Shared Home with partner
Private Chat with your partner
Marry players through a priest or yourself
Enable/Disable PvP with you partner
Ability to kiss your partner ( with particle effect on 1.7 and newer )
Gift Items to your partner
View all married
Option to enable the need to accept the marriage
Optional vault support ( for permissions and economy )
Chat prefix
Surnames
Minepacks integration to share backpacks
Multi Language ( English and German Language File included )
MySQL Support
Support for MC 1.7.6 and newer ( name changing / UUID ) ( more details : http : //dev.bukkit.org/bukkit-plugins/marriage-master/pages/name-changing-update/ )
Works from 1.4 to 1.9 !
BungeeCord Support
Commands :
/marry - List all marry commands
/marry < playername > < playername > - Marries two players , only for priests
/marry divorce < playername > - Divorces two players , only for priests
/marry list - Shows all married players
/marry tp - Teleports to the partner
/marry sethome - Sets the home for two married players
/marry home - Teleports to the home of married players
/marry chat - Allows to chat a couple private
/marry chat toggle - Toggles the chat to send all chat messages to the partner instead of to the public
/marry pvpon - Turns PvP between two married players on
/marry pvpoff - Turns PvP between two married players off
/marry kiss - To kiss your partner
/marry gift - Gifts the item in your hand to your partner
/marry backpack - Opens the backpack of your partner
/marry backpack on - Allows your partner to use your backpack
/marry backpack off - Disallows your partner to use your backpack
/marry me - Sends a player a marry request
/marry priest < playername > - Sets a priest
/marry listenchat - Shows the marry chat
/marry reload - Reloads the configuration of the plugin
Permissions :
marry . * - Allows all permissions
marry.admin - Allow to setpriests and reload and also makes you a priest
marry.bypass - Gives all bypassing permissions
marry.user - Gives acces to all user functions
marry.chat . * - Gives acces to all chat options
marry.list - Allow listing all married players
marry.pvpon - Allow to turn pvp with partner on
marry.pvpoff - Allow to turn pvp with partner off
marry.priest - Makes someone a priest
marry.tp - Allow teleport to partner
marry.home - Allow to use the home with the partner
marry.chat - Allow to use the private chat with the partner
marry.chat.color - Allows colors in private messages
marry.chat.format - Allows formating private messages ( except magic )
marry.chat.magic - Allows magic format in private messages
marry.kiss - Allows to kiss your partner
marry.gift - Allows you to gift items to your partner
marry.backpack - Allows to share the backpacks ( requires Minepacks )
marry.selfmarry - Allows a player to send other players marry requests without the need of a priest
marry.changesurname - Allows to change the surname when self marry is on or if you are a priest .
marry.setpriest - Allow someone to make players to priests
marry.offlinedivorce - Allows a priest to divorce a couple if only one of them is online
marry.listenchat - Allows to see the private chat
marry.skiptpdelay - Allows to skip the tp delay
marry.bypassgiftgamemode - Allows to gift items from creative mode
marry.bypassrangelimit - Allows to bypass the range limit
marry.reload - Allows to reload the config file
Videos :
This plugin uses Metrics . To disable metrics , set 'Misc.Metrics ' to 'false ' in 'plugins/MarriageMaster/config.yml ' .
This plugin has an auto update function . To disable auto updating , set 'Misc.AutoUpdate ' to 'false ' in 'plugins/MarriageMaster/config.yml ' .
Since Version 1.7 this plugin has a system to convert Minecraft user names to Mojang UUIDs , therefor it uses web connections to the Mojang servers . If you do n't want these connections disable UUIDs in the config .
The Jackalope
Jackalopes scan the horizon
The jackalope is an aggressive species , willing to use its antlers to fight . Thus , it is also sometimes called the `` warrior rabbit . ''
Jackalopes possess an uncanny ability to mimic human sounds . In the old West , when cowboys would gather by their campfires to sing at night , jackalopes would frequently be heard singing back , mimicking the voices of the cowboys . Jackalopes become especially vocal before thunderstorms , perhaps because they mate only when lightning flashes ( or so it is theorized ) .
When chased , the jackalope will use its vocal abilities to elude capture . For instance , when chased by people it will call out phrases such as , `` There they go , over there , '' in order to throw pursuers off its track . The best way to catch a jackalope is to lure it with whiskey , as they have a particular fondness for this drink . Once intoxicated , the animal becomes slower and easier to hunt .
Jackalope sighting !
The Warrior Rabbit
The jackalope is now most commonly sighted in the states of Colorado , Wyoming , and Nebraska . However , the jackalope does appear to have a European cousin , which in Germany is known as the wolperdinger . In Sweden , a related species is called the
References/Further Reading : Roger L. Welsch . Tall-Tale Postcards : A Pictorial History . A.S. Barnes and Company . 1976 . Pg . 78-79 .
Dance , Peter . Animal Fakes & Frauds . Sampson Low . Berkshire . 1976 . Pg . 114-115 . Main Page Comments Search Back to Gallery of
Tall-Tale Creatures
Text copyright © 2006 Alex Boese The jackalope is an antlered species of rabbit , unfortunately rumored to be extinct , though occasional sightings of this rare creature continue to occur , suggesting that pockets of jackalope populations continue to persist in its native home , the American West.The jackalope is an aggressive species , willing to use its antlers to fight . Thus , it is also sometimes called the `` warrior rabbit . `` Jackalopes possess an uncanny ability to mimic human sounds . In the old West , when cowboys would gather by their campfires to sing at night , jackalopes would frequently be heard singing back , mimicking the voices of the cowboys . Jackalopes become especially vocal before thunderstorms , perhaps because they mate only when lightning flashes ( or so it is theorized ) .When chased , the jackalope will use its vocal abilities to elude capture . For instance , when chased by people it will call out phrases such as , `` There they go , over there , '' in order to throw pursuers off its track . The best way to catch a jackalope is to lure it with whiskey , as they have a particular fondness for this drink . Once intoxicated , the animal becomes slower and easier to hunt.Jackalope milk is particularly sought after because it is believed to be a powerful aphrodisiac ( for which reason , the jackalope is also sometimes referred to as the 'horny rabbit ' ) . However , it can be incredibly dangerous to milk a jackalope , and any attempt to do so is not advised . A peculiar feature of the milk is that it comes from the animal already homogenized on account of the creature 's powerful leaps . Douglas , Wyoming has declared itself to be the Jackalope capital of America because , according to legend , the first jackalope was spotted there around 1829 . A large statue of a jackalope stands in the town center , and every year the town plays host to Jackalope Day , usually held in June . Jackalope hunting licenses can be obtained from the Douglas Chamber of Commerce , though hunting of jackalopes is restricted to the hours of midnight to 2 a.m. on June 31.Douglas Herrick , a long-time resident of Douglas , Wyoming , is often credited with popularizing knowledge of the Jackalope . In the 1930s Douglas and their brother Ralph began selling mounted Jackalope heads to the public , and these became wildly popular . Examples of their work can be found in many bars and homes throughout the United States . Jackalope postcards also became a popular Western souvenir . Douglas Herrick died on January 6 , 2003 at the age of 82.The jackalope is now most commonly sighted in the states of Colorado , Wyoming , and Nebraska . However , the jackalope does appear to have a European cousin , which in Germany is known as the wolperdinger . In Sweden , a related species is called the skvader
`` important '' signs such as street names or how far it is to the next exit . We will , at the very last minute , pay attention to that `` lane ending '' sign creating a back-up for the cars behind us . There are so many signs on the road that they seem to become just a blur but the evidence shows that we are ignoring them at our peril . As we gain driving experience we all too often tend to drive on auto pilot and start to ignore those signs that we had to learn to pass the driving exam . We tend to look only at the '' signs such as street names or how far it is to the next exit . We will , at the very last minute , pay attention to thatsign creating a back-up for the cars behind us . There are so many signs on the road that they seem to become just a blur but the evidence shows that we are ignoring them at our peril .
A study conducted for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) in 2009 showed that in almost half of fatal crashes involving speeding , the driver was n't exceeding the posted speed limit but was , instead , driving too fast for conditions . For injury only crashes , driving too fast for conditions accounted for seventy-four percent of the crashes blamed on speeding .
A couple of more interesting facts came out of this study :
In speed related crashes , the proportion of crashes that happened on curved sections of roads was much higher .
In crashes due to speed , the crashes were more likely to have happened on non-intersection or non-intersection related stretches of road .
Speeding-related crashes that were due to driving too fast for conditions were more likely to have occurred on roads with higher speed limits ( 50+ mph ) as compared to other crashes .
What that basically means is that ; although the driver was n't exceeding the posted speed limit , they or they probably ignored the warning signs and , driving too fast for conditions , was unable to maintain control in a curve and ran off the road into a tree or a ditch . Had those drivers not ignored the warning signs and adjusted their speed , they might not be statistics today .
Let 's take a look at some commonly ignored warning signs and get a refresher course in why they are important .
CURVES
There are several signs that indicate CURVES AHEAD :
Once you enter the curve , you will see the chevron sign . Several of these signs may be posted in a row to indicate how sharp the curve is .
Several signs indicate how sharp the curve is and to SLOW down .
ADVISORY SPEEDS
This is an `` advisory speed '' sign that is normally found on curves and interstate exit ramps . You do not have to travel at this speed but , if you do n't and have a crash , you can be charged with traveling too fast for conditions .
WEATHER RELATED SIGNS
Both of these signs indicate that the roadway becomes slippery when wet . Driving too fast could put you into an out-of-control spin situation .
Ignoring this sign could put you into a hydroplaning situation .
Bridges that are exposed to cold weather , both above and below the road surface freeze before the rest of the roadway . Ignore this sign and you could find yourself in a deadly spin
Learn to watch for and obey warning and construction signs . They can save your life .
Road Rules and Road Signs consider taking a drivers license To learn more aboutconsider taking a drivers license refresher course
Each of these signs . At this point the driver should either slow or prepare toThis sign shows a curve so sharp that taller vehicles could tip over unless they slow to the advisory speed of 35 mph .
Labels : driving conditions , driving safety , fatal crashes , road signs , vehicle crashes , warning signs
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
It is usual at the end of another calendar year to look hopefully at the New Year , but at this point , and judging by the events of 2014 , there is very little to look forward to in America in 2015 . In fact , it is getting extremely difficult to look ahead at the coming year with anything other than dread and despair as America devolves into a theocratic , racist , and fascist police state that the government can not , and apparently will not , even attempt to stop . It is not that 2014 was devoid of good news ; quite the contrary . But no amount of jobs , Wall Street profits , economic growth , or falling gas prices can counterbalance the distress Republicans , racists , and religious Supreme Court justices have wrought on this sad nation with no end , or hope , in sight .
First , it is noteworthy that the only good developments of 2014 were at the hands of President Obama and their executive actions ; particularly acting on the existential issue of “ global ” climate change and their landmark agreement with China . The President 's action on immigration enforcement was long overdue , but in their defense they did wait patiently for House Republicans to adopt , or at least consider , the bipartisan Senate immigration reform bill to no avail . What their action did was reveal why 2015 , like the past six years , will be depressing for Americans who will watch a Republican-controlled Congress waste taxpayer time and money in a crusade to undo a valid executive order the GOP has deemed unconstitutional ; despite the conservative Roberts Court already ruled the President was well within their constitutional authority like every Republican president since Dwight D. Eisenhower . But that is the price Americans have to pay for living in a nation with a party so steeped in racial animus for a Black President that they have deemed their entire Presidency is unconstitutional .
Maybe more than anything , seeing the U.S. Constitution treated like an afterthought , if not a worthless comic book , by conservatives , evangelicals , law enforcement , Republicans , and the Supreme Court is all the proof a reasonable human being needs to realize America is doomed . Republicans claim anything President Obama does in unconstitutional at the same time they attempted to pass legislation authorizing approval to build a foreign corporation 's tar sand pipeline across America . That decision is the exclusive right of the Executive Department and yet , one of the first actions a Republican Congress will undertake to repay their Koch debt will be patently unconstitutional and no-one will dare utter a complaint any more than they will over the Republican drive to enforce Vatican rules banning all forms of birth control with personhood legislation ; more on that in another article .
Republicans in state after state were hastily passing legislation abolishing other Americans ' 14th Amendment rights due to their adherence to bastardized American Christianity and empowerment by the Vatican contingent on the Supreme Court . History will show that it was in 2014 that 5 conservative Catholics on the Highest Court in the land deconstructed the religious clauses in the 1st Amendment to the Constitution to expedite evangelical Christians and the United States Council of Catholic Bishops ' ascendance to wield ironclad authority over the religious freedom of the rest of the population . Through it all , not one politician had the courage or conviction to inform the American people that every dirty attempt to deny women the right to make their own health choices , or gays to marry the person they love , was founded in an archaic religious text because they were , and still are , terrified of committing the mortal sin of speaking out against or opposing theocracy . Speaking of mortal sins , the past six months have revealed that there is no greater sin than speaking out against out-of-control and murderous law enforcement officials doing their due diligence to eviscerate the Constitutional protections afforded all Americans .
If racist police officers were not gunning down unarmed African Americans with impunity ending their Constitutional right to life with approval of the judicial system , they were threatening Americans opposed to fascist police tactics complete with battlefield gear . Instead of supporting and defending the U.S. Constitution , they took great pleasure in denying Americans their First Amendment rights of free speech and free assembly . All , by the way , with approval and support of Republicans and conservatives as blatantly racist as the police abusing African Americans whether civilians or fellow police officers . Law enforcement was also complicit in aiding and abetting , through direct support , a seditious white man and their well-armed Oath Keeper , Constitutional Sheriffs and Police Officers Association ( CSPOA ) militia intent on initiating a second revolution ; with impunity and ardent support of conservative media and Republicans with no more regard for the Constitution as they do African Americans , poor people , elderly Americans , Veterans , or children .
America may have been an exceptional nation at one time , but the country began its downward spiral thirty years ago when Republicans and conservatives decided , and convinced many Americans , their mortal enemy was the federal government ; a federal government created by the U.S. Constitution . Now , that very Constitution has all but been rendered null-and-void either by government fear of opposing sedition , or an all-powerful evangelical movement with avid support of the conservative Catholics on the Supreme Court .
Throughout history , other peoples have sat idly by and watched their freedoms eroded , and finally abolished , by fascist religious , corporate , and military-style enforcers , and America is rapidly heading in the same direction with the same results . One would like to say this country is at a crossroads , or nearing a tipping point , of which there is no return , but according to what this nation has suffered throughout 2014 at the hands of fascist police , armed militias , evangelical fanatics , and a theocratic Supreme Court , the scales are tipped . America is on the same course as 1930s Nazi Germany and the Koch brothers are more than happy to fund this country into oblivion . If 2014 is any indication , 2015 is not going to be a Happy New Year .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
New York City FC ‘ s run as of late has n't been up to par , nor has the squad met it 's expectations so far . If there 's one player that has met their expectations , even exceed them , it 's NYCFC 's left-back Ronald Matarrita .
The Costa Rican native came in the squad during the off-season and was brought in to be a rotational player . Since coming over , Matarrita has shown a lot of promise and has proved to Patrick Vieira that he 's no fluke . In four of the five games in the 2016 campaign , Matarrita has gone the distance playing the full 90 minutes , even putting a couple shots on goal .
Matarrita brings explosiveness , aggression , agility and speed , all qualities that make a good full back . In Sunday 's game against the Chicago Fire , Matarrita completed 40 of their 44 passes , finishing with a 90 percentile . Their performance earned them MLS Team of the Week honors and helped NYCFC achieve it 's first clean sheet of the season .
Matarrita has missed one game this season and that was due to international duty for Costa Rica . The young 21-year old is also becoming a fan favorite as they were missed during the match against the New England Revolution .
Another part of Matarrita 's game that 's exciting is their ability to overlap and push the ball forward . The “ Overlap King ” has the ability to push up , get wide and put in a worthy cross . In NYCFC 's overhaul of their defense this off-season , Matarrita is easily their best signing .
Along with Matarrita , they 've brought in Diego Martinez , Shannon Gomez , Ethan White and Ethan White . Martinez , Gomez and R.J Allen are able to play the left back position and we got a glimpse of Martinez when Matarrita was out .
Along with Thomas McNamara , Matarrita is going beyond of they were expected to do . He 's meshing well with Vieira 's tactics and do n't be surprised if you see their name again in the Team of the Week line-up .
The death in 2010 of a French model and actor , Isabelle Caro , who at one point weighed just 55 pounds , fueled further calls for steps to address anorexia .
So far the fashion industry has opposed legislation to address the issue , although a number of designers have spoken out in favor of using “ healthy models ” and promoting healthful lifestyles .
There is no official database of models ' heights and weights , and with regulations against using underweight models on the rise , most models and agencies are close-mouthed about the subject . Many in the industry say , however , that a number of the top models would likely weigh less than the healthy threshold set by the body mass index of about 18 or 18.5 .
Image French lawmakers are debating legislation that would set minimum weights for women and girls to work as models as a way to combat the persistence of anorexia . Credit Patrick Kovarik/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
Widely publicized figures for weights of models like Kate Moss at the height of their fashion career indicate they would have had a body mass index of 15 to 16 , which was similar to that of Twiggy , a 1960s supermodel . More recent models , such as Naomi Campbell and Gisele Bündchen , are reported to have body mass indexes between 16 and 17 . A body mass index of less than 18 does not necessarily mean that someone has an eating disorder .
The National Union of Modeling Agencies in France issued a statement saying it was complying with a voluntary charter that discourages the use of anorexic models and that was approved by the government in 2008 . The statement also said that an appropriate minimum weight for models had yet to be determined .
“ Anorexia is a mental illness that can not be fought by a ‘ arithmomania , ' ” the union 's statement said . It called on the fashion world to take a uniform approach internationally and deplored the use of “ selectively repressive ” measures , referring to those now under consideration .
Calls to 10 modeling agencies with offices in Paris found none willing to respond to questions on the issue .
Its no secret that DICE are pulling the strings in the right direction for Battlefield 3 and with a spree of impressive gameplay videos circling the internet , the sequel to the highly successful Battlefield 2 already has an insane amount of hype . Today we bring you some new details via an interview regarding the game , the destruction that made Bad Company 2 pretty popular and more . Quotes are by Battlefield 3 Executive Producer Patrick Bach . Check it out below .
There are a lot of questions in the industry that whether consoles are holding PC gaming back and Patrick totally agrees to the same .
“ Yes , absolutely . That 's the biggest problem we have today . Most games are actually still based on the same core idea that the consoles are your focus , the superior platform or something . I do n't know why . That was the truth 5 years ago , but the world has moved on . PCs are way more powerful than the consoles today and there are actually almost zero games out there that actually use the benefits of this . ”
They also admit the fact that since PC is the lead platform for Battlefield 3 it has actually helped them to make a better console game .
“ In theory you could argue that you 're building it for a more powerful platform and that it will look crappy on consoles . That 's not the case because when you build the target high , you can then pick and choose from the target and ask what actually creates this picture and then pick the best things from that and turn that into your console solution . The other thing that is very interesting is that since you 're building the engine based on the knowledge that you will release it on the consoles , you actually streamline the whole technology to be able to scale back to the weaker platforms . So in the end , by , you know , painting this high-end target , you actually set a new bar and then when you scale it back , I think people will be surprised to see how good it looks on the consoles . We ca n't show it right now , because we 're aiming to use the PC to set the bar , but it 's actually helping us make a better console game . ”
Now this one is pretty exciting . There will be more destruction in Battlefield 3 .
“ Battlefield 2 did n't have any destruction so Battlefield 3 will be the first core title with destruction and of course we 're doing some bold moves by not only being in the more urban environments , where we 've been before , but we 're going into cities now , so you need to have even more destruction where you can actually affect objects – the buildings around you , to make it feel like a physical world . ”
Battlefield 3 will feature ANT motion technology which is seen in EA Sports games .
“ our animation system that will be working with a central EA tech service , where they created this animation system called “ ANT , ” primarily for EA sports titles . So you can see it being used in FIFA , for instance , and the characters in FIFA look amazing , probably the best looking sports game out there , but taking that into first person experience was quite cumbersome , it took quite a lot of energy and time , quite a lot of collaboration to get that going , but if you look at the result today in the images you 've seen from Battlefield 3 , we 're taking this to a completely new level . ”
They also confirm that there will be co-op but does not give away any details :
“ We will have co-op in the game , but I wo n't go into details for what that means… ”
With the advent of Bad Company DICE was becoming too much “ consolized ” but now they seem to be moving from that perception .
” We 're setting the target with our high-end PCs , making sure that when we show footage now , it 's on the PC . And we are a PC studio from the core and also looking at the audience today , the hardcore PC gamer is no different than the hardcore console gamer . That was not the case five years ago . Then , you had the more casual console audience and the more hardcore PC audience . I think that is very blurred today . People are extremely hardcore on consoles today . Extremely hardcore . So we do n't have to dumb the game down in any way to make it fit on the console . It 's still a very hardcore game , but then you still want the game to be accessible and some PC users might think that it 's a good thing that games are complicated . We do not agree . Battlefield 2 was a very accessible game . It 's real easy to get into , but it 's super deep and really hard to master and that 's what we wanted to achieve with battlefield 3 . ”
Battlefield 3 will consist of 64 players online for PC and the game will apparently include JETS 😀
Stay tuned with GamingBolt for more news and updates .
THE government , halfway through its term , is now focusing on the next election . That was clear from the two political stories that dominated the rentrée : the cabinet reshuffle and the revocation of London Metropolitan University 's licence to teach foreign students . The first illustrates some sensible ways in which the government is reacting to voters ' concerns ( see article ) . The second is a nasty piece of populism .
Hostility to immigrants is rising all over Europe , but opinion polls suggest it is worse in Britain than in any other rich country . David Cameron 's government came to power promising to cut net migration to “ tens of thousands ” by the next election . This was not only wrong , in terms of both Britain 's obligations and its economic needs , but also impractical , since last year the number was 216,000 . Since many immigrants are entitled to entry—because , for instance , they come from the EU—turning away students , who account for about 40 % of the total , is pretty much the only way of cutting numbers significantly . So Mr Cameron has had to curtail the right to work after graduation—especially tough for students from poor countries , who need to work to repay the median annual cost of courses of £11,200 ( $ 17,800 ) . And universities have been required to keep an ever-closer watch on foreign students to ensure that they are in Britain to study , not to work . That is the policy of which London Metropolitan ( LMU ) fell foul .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
What will happen to LMU is unclear , since it is taking the government to court . It blames its problems in part on the rules requiring universities to monitor students which , it says , have changed 14 times in the past three years . A report by a parliamentary committee , published this week but written before the revocation of LMU 's licence , describes the system as “ poorly planned and ill thought out ” . What will happen to LMU 's bona fide foreign students is equally uncertain . The government is helping them find places at other universities , but there is no guarantee they will get them , nor is any system in place to compensate them . They have been cruelly treated .
The many benefits of teaching foreigners
It is right for the government to keep a watch on colleges and universities to ensure that they are not being used as conduits for workers pretending to be students . When aspiring migrants outnumber society 's ability to absorb them , immigration should be restricted . But the desire for social stability needs to be balanced against other goods , such as prosperity .
In the wake of the economic crisis , the government is keen to foster industries other than financial services with export potential . Higher education is one . A government report estimates earnings from foreign students at around £7 billion a year , and suggests that could double by 2025 . And there are far broader potential gains . Foreigners who study in Britain are likelier to create wealth in the country later on . Education is the most effective way of wielding the “ soft power ” that is voguish in foreign-policy circles—bringing people round to your point of view without training your guns on them , in other words . All that is jeopardised by using universities as an arm of the UK Border Agency . The job of universities is to teach students , not to police the country 's frontiers .
If Mr Cameron insists on capping migrant numbers , they should exempt students , who contribute not just to the country 's coffers but also to its intellectual wealth , and who stay for a limited time . Better still , adopt a more liberal approach , and remember how Britain first became great : through openness to the world , not through xenophobia and isolationism .
The Lincoln Park Gravel Pits , an historic Morris birding location from the 1960s through the early 1980s , proved to be a local hotspot today . 80+ species were tallied in the morning by Roger Johnson . The highlights are 18 warbler species including Mourning and Prothonotary Warblers , Yellow-bellied Flycatcher and only the second known record of White-rumped Sandpiper in Morris County in the past 40 years .
In the afternoon , the alleged same Mourning Warbler was seen and barely photographed as witnessed in the photo below , before two young boys ( younger than teen-age ) on ATVs passed by , spooking the Mourning Warbler . It was not relocated .
The White-rumped Sandpiper was not seen in the afternoon . 76 Least Sandpipers , 1 Semipalmated Plover , 5 Lesser Yellowlegs and 4 Greater Yellowlegs as well as 5 Killdeer , 2 Solitary Sandpipers and 1 Spotted Sandpiper were foraging on the partially flooded flats of the Pits .
The Gravel Pits is not a convenience birding destination . Explicit directions are not given here because there really is no easy way to get around in the pits unless you know it . Walking the berm between the municipal lake and the Pits main pond is the only relatively convenient path . Other than that , you are on your own and wear boots if you go .
View local eBird checklists in the mocosocoBirds region via eBird 's Region Explorer . Use the following links :
The eBird Hotspot Primer is here and can also be accessed via the Hotspot menu item on the mocosocoBirds.com website .
@ mocosocoBirds at Twitter is another communications stream . Instant field reports and links of interest are tweeted throughout the day . The latest tweets appear on the sidebar of this page . One can follow mocosocoBirds at Twitter or link to @ mocosocoBirds .
The mocosocoBirds Facebook page is located here and also posts timely information not found on the mocosocoBirds web site .
Finis
Tom Malinowski is Washington director at Human Rights Watch .
The use of drones to kill suspected terrorists is controversial , but so long as a human being decides whether to fire the missile , it is not a radical shift in how humanity wages war . Since the first archer fired the first arrow , warriors have been inventing ways to strike their enemies while removing themselves from harm 's way .
Soon , however , military robots will be able to pick out human targets on the battlefield and decide on their own whether to go for the kill . An Air Force report predicted two years ago that “ by 2030 machine capabilities will have increased to the point that humans will have become the weakest component in a wide array of systems. ” A 2011 Defense Department road map for ground-based weapons states : “ There is an ongoing push to increase autonomy , with a current goal of ‘ supervised autonomy , ' but with an ultimate goal of full autonomy . ”
The Pentagon still requires autonomous weapons to have a “ man in the loop ” — the robot or drone can train its sights on a target , but a human operator must decide whether to fire . But full autonomy with no human controller would have clear advantages . A computer can process information and engage a weapon infinitely faster than a human soldier . As other nations develop this capacity , the United States will feel compelled to stay ahead . A robotic arms race seems inevitable unless nations collectively decide to avoid one .
I have heard few discussions of robotic warfare without someone joking about the Matrix or Terminator ; the danger of delegating warfare to machines has been a central theme of modern science fiction . Now science is catching up to fiction . And one does n't have to believe the movie version of autonomous robots becoming sentient to be troubled by the prospect of their deployment on the battlefield .
1 of 26 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Tom Toles gallery for November View Photos A gallery of their latest cartoons . Caption From Election Day to the Norquist pledge . Nov. 30 , 2012 Tom Toles Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
After all , the decisions ethical soldiers must make are extraordinarily complex and human . Could a machine soldier distinguish as well as a human can between combatants and civilians , especially in societies where combatants do n't wear uniforms and civilians are often armed ? Would we trust machines to determine the value of a human life , as soldiers must do when deciding whether firing on a lawful target is worth the loss of civilians nearby ? Could a machine recognize surrender ? Could it show mercy , sparing life even when the law might allow killing ? And if a machine breaks the law , who will be held accountable — the programmer or manufacturer ? No one at all ?
Some argue that these concerns can be addressed if we program war-fighting robots to apply the Geneva Conventions . Machines would prove more ethical than humans on the battlefield , this thinking goes , never acting out of panic or anger or a desire for self-preservation . But most experts believe it is unlikely that advances in artificial intelligence could ever give robots an artificial conscience , and even if that were possible , machines that can kill autonomously would almost certainly be ready before the breakthroughs needed to “ humanize ” them . And unscrupulous governments could opt to turn the ethical switch off .
Of course , human soldiers can also be “ programmed ” to commit unspeakable crimes . But because most human beings also have inherent limits — rooted in morality , empathy , capacity for revulsion , loyalty to community or fear of punishment — tyrants can not always count on human armies to do their bidding . Think of the leaders who did not seize , or stay , in power because their troops would not fire on their people : the communist coup plotters who tried to resurrect the Soviet Union in 1991 , the late Slobodan Milosevic of Serbia , Hosni Mubarak of Egypt , Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali of Tunisia .
Even Syria 's Bashar al-Assad must consider that their troops have a breaking point . But imagine an Assad who commands autonomous drones programmed to track and kill protest leaders or to fire automatically on any group of more than five people congregating below . They would have a weapon no dictator in history has had : an army that will never refuse an order , no matter how immoral .
Nations have succeeded before in banning classes of weapons — chemical , biological and cluster munitions ; landmines ; blinding lasers . It should be possible to forge a treaty banning offensive weapons capable of killing without human intervention , especially if the United States , which is likely to develop them first , takes the initiative . A choice must be made before the technology proliferates .
A man who cut off their head with a chainsaw was `` irrationally opposed '' to leaving their home , an inquest has heard .
David Phyall , 50 , had been ordered to leave their flat in Eastleigh , Hampshire , which was due to be redeveloped .
Winchester Coroner 's Court was told their body was found by police on 5 July , laying under a snooker table .
Recording a suicide verdict , deputy coroner Simon Burge said : `` I think they did it to draw attention to the injustice of their situation . ''
This is the most bizarre case I can recall
Simon Burge , deputy coroner
Wednesday 's inquest heard that the block in Bodmin Road where Mr Phyall had their flat was to be demolished .
Despite efforts from their housing association they had refused 11 offers of alternative accommodation .
Eventually it had gone to court to repossess the property .
Mr Burge , central Hampshire 's deputy coroner , said First Wessex Housing Group had done all it could to help Mr Phyall but they were `` irrationally opposed to moving '' .
`` In the 15 years I have been sitting as a deputy coroner , this is the most bizarre case I can recall , '' Mr Burge said .
I 'll have a lot more to say about Isikoff 's excellent story on Thomas Tamm , the guy who tipped Eric Lichtblau off to the domestic surveillance program .
But for the moment , I 'd like to elaborate on yesterday 's comments about timing . Tamm 's lawyer reveals that DOJ just recently told them that they were delaying a decision on whether or not to charge Tamm .
Paul Kemp , one of Tamm 's lawyers , says they were recently told by the Justice Department prosecutor in charge of Tamm 's case that there will be no decision about whether to prosecute until next year—after the Obama administration takes office .
Delaying the decision until the Obama administration takes office would do more than dump the problem into Obama 's lap ( just like the Gitmo detainees , of course ) . It would also delay the time when Tamm testified publicly about what they know of the domestic surveillance program until after Vaughn Walker issues a ruling on immunity for the telecoms .
By coming forward now , Tamm has told Walker something–in no uncertain terms–that the government wo n't tell him .
DOJ recognized that this program was illegal .
Tamm provides the names of several people whom Walker might want to consult before they rule on the immunity law . There 's Lisa Farabee , who told Tamm that ,
`` Do n't even go there , '' and then added , `` I assume what they are doing is illegal . ''
And there 's Mark Bradley , who told Tamm ,
`` This may be [ a time ] the attorney general gets indicted , ''
If these two lawyers in the Office of Intelligence Policy and Review–the office that provides legal review of wiretaps on a logistical level–believed that this program was illegal , then how can Michael Mukasey now represent to Walker that it was n't ?
And just for good measure , Tamm also reveals the code name for the program–Stellar Wind–which will help the Electronic Frontier Foundation and others argue that the existence of this program is publicly known .
I 'm guessing that Vaughn Walker is reading this article very closely this morning .
One more point about timing : I do n't think Tamm coming forward now is due exclusively to noble motives . Consider how it might affect any potential trial . If Tamm can force two lawyers ( plus the FISA judges who balked at the program ) to go on the record that they , too , believed this was an illegal program , then it 's going to make it easier for them to argue that they came forward solely to expose illegal activities . Furthermore , by postponing their charging decision until after the telecoms got immunity , DOJ may have been trying to ensure that any testimony they made in court would not affect Administration efforts to sweep all their law-breaking under the rug . Now , Tamm has ruined their attempts to do that .
Add in the way Isikoff has made this a compelling narrative , complete with all the remarkable ties members of Tamm 's family have to national security , and it 'll make it a lot harder to charge Tamm for their leaks .
Few days ago Google finally released new Lollipop update and the time has come to reveal some details about HTC plans for this update .
So which devices will get it ? Here is the list that I can share for now . Please remember , it 's not final one , some devices are still under evaluation and there is high possibility that they wo n't get update . With Android 5.0 Lollipop update , some “ old ” devices will receive Sense with EYE experience ( not all features will be available on old devices )
HTC One ( M8 ) , HTC One ( M7 ) are the first to get Android 5.0 , timeframe for GPE is late November-December , for Sense based devices January-February .
HTC Desire EYE , HTC One ( M8 ) Dual SIM , HTC One ( M7 ) Dual SIM , HTC One ( E8 ) , HTC One ( E8 ) Dual SIM , HTC Butterfly 2 should receive updates in January-March .
HTC One Mini 2 , Desire 816 more likely to get updates in March-April
HTC One Max , HTC One Mini , HTC Butterfly S – March-May
Other devices from Desire line especially that are based on MTK processors are still under evaluation and I ca n't say anything specific about them , as they are produced on ODM bases , so software development is mainly lay on ODMs…
That 's all for now , if you like this article , share it over social buttons below ! Stay tuned !
Submitted by Brandon Smith via Alt-Market.com ,
Many of us saw it coming a long time ago — increasing confrontation between liberty proponents and the corrupt federal establishment leading to increasing calls by political elites and bureaucrats to apply to American citizens the terrorism countermeasures designed for foreign combatants . It was only a matter of time and timing .
My stance has always been that the elites would wait until there was ample social and political distraction ; a fog of fear allowing them to move more aggressively against anti-globalists . We are not quite there yet , but the ground is clearly being prepared .
Economic uncertainty looms large over our fiscal structure today , more so even than in 2008 . Global instability is rampant , with Europe at the forefront as mass migrations of “ refugees ” invade wholesale . At best , most of them intend to leach off of the EU 's already failing socialist welfare structure while refusing to integrate or respect western social principles . At worst , a percentage of these migrants are members of ISIS with the goals of infiltration , disruption and coordinated destruction .
With similar immigration and transplantation measures being applied to the U.S. on a smaller scale ( for now ) the ISIS plague will inevitably hit our shores in a manner that will undoubtedly strike panic in the masses . I believe 2016 will be dubbed the “ year of the terrorist , ” and ISIS will not be the only “ terrorists ” in the spotlight .
While scanning the pages of mainstream propaganda machines like Reuters , I came across this little gem of an article , which outlines plans by the U.S. Justice Department to apply existing enemy combatant laws used against ISIS terrorists and their supporters to “ domestic extremists , ” specifically mentioning the Bundy takeover of the federal refuge in Burns , Oregon as an example .
“ Extremist groups motivated by a range of U.S.-born philosophies present a “ clear and present danger , ” John Carlin , the Justice Department 's chief of national security , told Reuters in an interview . “ Based on recent reports and the cases we are seeing , it seems like we 're in a heightened environment . ”
“ Clear and present danger ” is a vital phrase implemented in this statement from Carlin and they used it quite deliberately . It refers to something called the “ clear and present danger doctrine or test , ” a doctrine rarely used except during times of mass panic , such as during WWI and WWII . The doctrine applies specifically to the removal of 1st Amendment rights of free speech during moments of “ distress . ”
What does this mean , exactly ? “ Clear and present danger ” is a legal mechanism by which the government claims the right not only to prosecute or destroy enemies of the state , but also anyone who publicly supports those same enemies through speech or writing .
Recently , the prospect of allowing the Federal Communications Commission to target and shut down websites related to ISIS has been fielded by congressional representatives . Many people have warned against this as setting a dangerous precedent by which the government could be given free license to censor and silence ANY websites they deem “ harmful ” to the public good , even those not tied to ISIS in any way .
Of course , overt hatred of Islamic extremism amongst conservatives is at Defcon 1 right now , and with good reason . Unfortunately , this may lead constitutional conservatives , the most stalwart proponents of free speech , to mistakenly set the stage for the erasure of free speech rights all in the name of stopping ISIS activity . The greatest proponents of constitutional liberties could very well become the greatest enemies of constitutional liberties if they fall for the ploy set up by the establishment .
The Reuters article outlines the future implications quite plainly :
The U.S. State Department designates international terrorist organizations to which it is illegal to provide “ material support. ” No domestic groups have that designation , helping to create a disparity in charges faced by international extremist suspects compared to domestic ones .
It has been applied in 58 of the government 's 79 Islamic State cases since 2014 against defendants who engaged in a wide range of activity , from traveling to Syria to fight alongside Islamic State to raising money for a friend who wished to do so .
Prosecutors can bring “ material support ” terrorism charges against defendants who are n't linked to groups on the State Department 's list , but they have only done so twice against non-jihadist suspects since the law was enacted in 1994 . The law , which prohibits supporting people who have been deemed to be terrorists by their actions , carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison . ”
The Justice Department goes on to explain that they are “ exploring ” options to make “ material support ” charges more applicable to “ domestic extremists . ”
So what constitutes “ material support ? ” Well , as mentioned earlier , John Carlin just told us . Their use of the phrase “ clear and present danger ” denotes that 1st Amendment speech will be restricted , ostensibly because some speech will be labeled “ material support ” of terrorist organizations . The liberty movement , likely in the near future , is about to be outwardly defined by the establishment as a terrorist movement , and those who support it through speech will be designated as material supporters of said terrorism .
To be utterly clear , this could apply to any and everyone who promotes anti-government sentiments online , and will likely be aimed more prominently at liberty analysts and journalists . The argument for this move is rather humorous in my view — bureaucrats and others complain that it is “ not fair ” that Islamic terrorists are being treated more harshly than “ white rural domestic extremists ” and that material support laws should be enforced against everyone equally .
Yes , that 's right , the 1st Amendment is under threat because the Justice Department does not want to appear “ racist. ” At least , that is their public excuse…
I 'm not sure whether it is depressing or hilariously ironic that the U.S. government ( along with many other governments ) is preparing the groundwork for prosecution of liberty activists for material support of terrorism when it is the government that has been proven time and again to be by far the most generous material supporter of terrorist organizations .
Will this all take place in a vacuum ? Of course not . Something terrible is brewing . Another Oklahoma City-stye bombing , perhaps . Or a standoff gone horribly awry . The standoff in Oregon continues without Ammon Bundy and is about to get worse in the next week according to my information ( you will see what I mean ) . The point is , the narrative is being finalized in preparation for whatever trigger events may be in store , and that narrative closely associates ISIS with liberty activists as being in the same category .
“ As law enforcement experts confront domestic militia groups , “ sovereign citizens ” who do not recognize government authority , and other anti-government extremists , they also face a heightened threat from Islamic extremists like the couple who carried out the Dec. 2 shootings in San Bernardino , California . ”
This is why I have consistently argued against giving any extra-judicial powers to our already bloated federal system . I am a staunch opponent of Islamic immigration and terrorism , but some people are so desperate to fight one monster that they are willing to give unlimited powers to another monster thinking it will give their minds ease . These people are fools , and they are putting the rest of us at risk .
If you want to fight ISIS , then fight them yourself . Do not give the same government that helped create ISIS and then deliberately transplanted them to Europe and the U.S. even more legal authority over our lives to supposedly “ stop ” ISIS . This would be absurd .
In the meantime , I would point out that regardless of how the federal government wishes to label us , the liberty movement could not be more different from the Islamic State :
1 ) We do n't enjoy covert funding and training from the government at large as ISIS does . ( Though according to leftists , we all take our marching orders from the Koch Brothers ) . 2 ) Most of us were born in this country and are rather attached to it . 3 ) ISIS fights to dismantle traditional Western values . We fight to restore traditional Western values , and we will not only fight ISIS but also cultural Marxists and collectivists who share the same disdain for liberty . 4 ) Many of us are far better trained than ISIS goons , so if anything , we are a more severe threat to the enemies of free society . ( We actually look down our sights when we shoot rather than hiding behind cars with the rifle over our head and squatting like a constipated dog . We can also operate their AK-47s better than they can ) . 5 ) We are as opposed to Sharia Law as we are to martial law . In fact , we see them as essentially the same unacceptable circumstance . 6 ) We do n't cannibalize our enemies . ( Who would want to take a bite out of Henry Kissinger 's spleen ? ) 7 ) We might look down on the insane ramblings of today 's feminists , but at least we would not stone them , enforce female circumcision , then rape them , then throw acid in their faces , then slap a hijab on them and take away their driver 's licenses . So maybe , just maybe , we toxic masculine conservative barbarians are n't as bad as they seem to think we are . 8 ) We understand that black pajamas are not the best camouflage , but ISIS may have better fashion sense than we do . 9 ) Our beards are all-American . Their beards are just plain creepy . 10 ) They fight to be martyred . We fight to win .
The producers themselves do n't know how their story ends : They approach the subject as intensely curious storytellers , not crusaders for the accused or the deceased .
A full review is impossible without revealing plot twists and turns that would spoil the pleasure of the show , so I wo n't offer one , except to say that its many sources are handled with a deftness you 'd expect of This American Life . These are nuanced , frank , respectful interviews that allow everyone 's voices and perspectives to come through , illuminating key aspects of the story and giving an uncommonly intimate look at a subculture rarely rendered with such verisimilitude . The pacing is fantastic , too : Every week I 'm left wanting more .
Stepping back , however , I 'm as excited about what will happen after this season of Serial ends , for the show 's subject is n't always going to be murder , a theme with inherent drama , but one that is well-trod in fiction and nonfiction alike . This American Life 's archive goes back to 1995 . I 've listened to every episode as the show grew into an increasingly polished purveyor of top-notch narrative nonfiction . One high point among many is The Giant Pool of Money , proof that a sophisticated explanation of the 2008 financial crisis could be conveyed to a mass audience , so long as a whole hour could be dedicated to the necessary storytelling . What narrative nonfiction feats will be possible in Serial 's future , as Koenig is permitted the luxury of story arcs that can unfold over 10 or 20 installments ? The space for ambition and potential for innovation is great .
In an era when many are enamored of the conceit that they can promise `` everything you need to know '' about a subject in one list or chart or interview , Serial is poised to show through podcasts what HBO demonstrates with its dramas : Some stories are too complicated for CliffsNotes and reward sustained attention . And unlike the next season of True Detective , you can enjoy Serial while you drive .
* * *
If you 're new to this format and want to give it a try , here are a few exceptional episodes of the podcasts mentioned above , though I could 've easily chosen different batches .
This American Life
The Super
Harper High School ( parts one and two )
Brooklyn Archipelago
Nummi
The Friendly Man
Is This Working ?
RadioLab
60 Words
Poop Train
Are You Sure ?
Speedy Beet
Oops
Limits
Love+Radio
The Silver Dollar
Hostile Planet
Sesquipedalian
I , Sitting Beside Me
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
British spies are risking their lives daily in Islamic State heartlands to “ take the fight to the enemy , ” the head of MI6 said today .
Alex Younger stressed agents recruited by the Secret Intelligence Service had penetrated IS “ upstream ” to stop terror attacks on Britain 's streets .
But in their first public speech , the SIS chief laid bare the perils these individuals faced operating in “ the most dangerous and hostile environments on earth ” - where paranoid IS fanatics have executed hundreds of people wrongly suspected of being spies .
Speaking at MI6 headquarters in Vauxhall , central London , Mr Younger , known as “ C ” , said : “ They know that the result of being identified as an MI6 agent could be their death .
“ But they do what they do because they believe in protecting their country and religion from the evil that Daesh ( Islamic State ) and other terrorist organisations represent . ”
They told how MI6 and GCHQ intelligence had on “ numerous occasions ” given MI5 and the police vital information to identify and stop threats in the UK and its allies .
They had disrupted 12 terrorist plots in the UK since June 2013 .
In a wide-ranging address , Mr Younger also :
Accused Russia and Syrian tyrant Bashar Assad 's regime of seeking to “ make a desert ” of Aleppo and to “ call it peace ” .
Warned Moscow that it was committing a “ tragic example of the perils of forefeiting legitimacy ” in the battle against terrorism .
Highlighted the “ increasingly dangerous phenomenon ” of hybrid warfare with states using cyber-attacks , propaganda or the subversion of democratic process - though they stopped short of naming Russia or China in this context .
Stressed the strength of intelligence ties with the US and “ quality work ” with European allies , particularly France and Germany , and expects “ continuity ” after Brexit and Donald Trump 's election as president .
Explained that mastering new technologies was key to MI6 remaining at the cutting edge of intelligence gathering .
Described the data revolution and internet as an “ existential threat combined with a golden opportunity ” for intelligence services .
Emphasised that “ we need to be as fleet of foot on the highways and byways of cyberspace as we are on the streets of Raqqa ” .
Made the case for new IT powers to spy on terror suspects while stressing restrictions to protect civil liberties .
Told how MI6 wants to recruit the “ best from the widest range of backgrounds ” , partly to avoid “ group think ” .
Described James Bond 's “ fierce dedication to the defence of Britain ” as reflecting real-life MI6 - but said the fictional character would have to “ change their ways ” to join it now .
Warning of the dangers of failed states providing a safe haven for terrorists , Mr Younger spoke out against Britain simply trying to “ pull up the draw bridge ” in the hope of preventing terror attacks .
“ We need to take the fight to the enemy , penetrating terrorist organisations ‘ upstream ' , ” they added .
“ By that I mean as close to the source as possible . In footballing terms , it 's about always ensuring you are playing in the opponent 's half .
“ The emphasis now is not just on finding things out , but on taking action against what we find . ”
British intelligence has proved vital in the military advances against IS strongholds in Raqqa , Syria , and Mosul in Iraq .
Agents recruited were not normally MI6 staff members or British but the latter were also deployed to “ some of the most challenging locations imaginable ” .
But Mr Younger , who led MI6 's work on counter-terrorism ahead of the London Olympics , also argued that “ ultimate protection ” lies in values .
“ If you doubt the link between legitimacy and effective counter-terrorism , then – albeit negatively – the unfolding tragedy in Syria will , I fear , provide proof .
`` I believe the Russian conduct in Syria , allied with that of Assad 's discredited regime , will , if they do not change course , provide a tragic example of the perils of forfeiting legitimacy , ” they explained .
“ In defining as a terrorist anyone who opposes a brutal government , they alienate precisely that group that has to be on side if the extremists are to be defeated . ”
They believe the IS terror threat will not be neutered unless the civil war raging in Syria ends .
While counter-terrorism represented the “ urgent ” problem , they argued that the “ important ” longer-term one was the “ preservation of Britain 's capacity to take the right decisions in an increasingly complex , multi-polar and opaque ” international order .
This strand of MI6 's work had “ taken on a new edge ” in combating the “ increasingly dangerous phenomenon ” of hybrid warfare .
While not mentioning claims that Russia sought to interfer in the US elections , they added : “ “ The connectivity that is at the heart of globalisation can be exploited by states with hostile intent to further their aims deniably .
“ They do this through means as varied as cyber-attacks , propaganda or subversion of democratic process . ”
The risks at stake were profound and represented a fundamental threat British sovereignty , they added .
WARNING : This video contains graphic content . Officer Grant Morrison 's dashboard camera captured this video of their fatal shooting of Richard Ramirez during a traffic stop on April 14 , 2014 in Billings , Montana.Story : After listening to more than 8 hours of evidence over two days , a coroner 's inquest jury took just 30 minutes to determine Billings Officer Grant Morrison was justified when they shot and killed an unarmed man in April.Chief Rich St. John , who testified at the hearing , agreed . `` Our officers , as well as any other officer in the country , are authorized to use deadly force when there is an imminent threat of serious bodily injury or death , '' St. John told the jury during histestimony.Morrison testified that the actions of Richard Ramirez , who was killed during the encounter , left them no choice but to use deadly force . `` It was their left hand that was most concerning because they repeatedly refused to follow my commands to keep their hands up , '' Morrison said . `` He continued to reach down to the area along their waste that I could n't see whatsoever . I could n't see what they were reaching for . I could n't seewhere their hand was , it completely disappeared from my view and it was making me more and more afraid . `` Ramirez was killed when Morrison fired three shots.Montana Police Law Enforcement Academy Instructor Mike McCarthy argued that fear , paired with continued non-compliance , puts officers in a dangerous position . `` I believe whole-heartedly that any officer , knowing and feeling what officer Morrison knew , would do the same thing , '' they testified.Morrison told the jury they regret having to shoot Ramirez . `` The hardest decision I 've ever had to make , '' they said . `` I wish I did n't have to make it . I wish I just knew they did n't have a gun , but I could n't take the risk . I could n't take the risk of them having a gun.And I wanted to go home to my family and I wanted to see my son grow up.Ramirez did not have a gun , but tests showed their blood contained a deadly level of methamphetamine.The drugs could explain Ramirez 's failure to comply.But it was the video of the shooting , which the jury viewed again during their deliberations , that had arguably the biggest impact . `` My hat 's off to law enforcement in Yellowstone County because they have embraced the technology available to them , '' said Yellowstone County Attorney Scott Twito after the verdict was announced . `` And the video is really uncontroverted . The video shows in this case all the interactionthat led to the death of Mr Ramirez . `` Although the jury decided the shooting was justified , BPD has yet to release findings from its internal shooting review board.Those findings are expected to be released in the near future .
Valiant is bobbing and weaving in an innovative attempt to break that 1 % market share .
Source : The Hollywood Reporter
There has been a sudden explosion in the indie world as of late . Image owns the charts on trades thanks to The Walking Dead . Dark Horse is waving its flag high with its own brand of digital publishing and giving free books generously in an effort to entice new readers . From Top Cow , we had a brilliant Kickstarter marketing gamble , in which they were able to give away physical copies of the first story arc of Cyber Force for free . The smaller guys are in the ring , and they are swinging hard for that big K.O . through innovation and a genuine interest in their fan base .
None , as of late , seem to be trying as hard as the folks at Valiant when it comes to curve ball approaches to snagging new fans . They have the resurrected gold issue plan , where fans are rewarded for going out and being vocal fans of the company and documenting the actions . They organized a unique variant cover for every fan who pulls their issues monthly . They sucker punched us in the nostalgia with 8-bit covers , and in a unique opening blow , they invented the QR covers as their flagship titles debuted . These covers give us a unique experience in which we can be serenaded by the burly angry voices of some of Valiant 's leading men . All you need is a smart phone .
Now , now we have the 8-bit , QR hybrid cover , and I feel all foaming at the mouth Golem-like crazy over here . The cover presents us with a full 8-bit backstory to help the new fans understand the upcoming comic event , Unity . It is a move that plays on video game levels , the current owners well aware that Valiant drew in a large crowd during the 90 's , at the height of the 8-bit game market . And it doubles back , giving new readers a chance to step into a story , and have the plot played out before their eyes in a unique and inviting way .
My only fear is this innovative bit of bait will be cast into the depths , buried beneath the classic “ one out of fifty ordered ” gimmick , that basically prevents its brilliance from reaching smaller shops and many new prying eyes .
The QR video can be seen below :
-- Contest has ended --
Thanks to everyone who participated . All prizes ( including Rockstar Gear Packs ) will be delivered within two weeks of the challenge ending .
ENTER TO WIN *
Register below . You must be signed in to register . Play Horde Mode on Blood Drive or Clocktower on Normal or higher difficulty . Complete 10/50/100/200 waves and win Rockstar Gear Packs . For every 50 waves completed , you 'll be registered for a chance to win Xbox.com gift cards . For every 200 waves completed , you 'll be registered for a chance to win the Grand Prize .
* Contest open to players in the U.S. , U.K and Canada ( excluding Quebec ) .
PRIZES * *
Grand Prize : A Jesse Hernandez custom-painted Gears Chest Armor and custom-painted Rockstar mini-fridge , plus a year 's worth of Rockstar Energy drinks .
A Jesse Hernandez custom-painted Gears Chest Armor and custom-painted Rockstar mini-fridge , plus a year 's worth of Rockstar Energy drinks . First Prizes : Xbox.com gift card
Xbox.com gift card Second Prizes : In-game Gear Packs
See Official Contest Rules for more information .
* * All prizes ( including Rockstar Gear Packs ) will be delivered within two weeks of the challenge ending .
Thanks to the Reddit Users listed below for the fantastic posts .
1 . A few years back , Robin Williams was having breakfast at my cafe , and was sitting next to a little girl who clearly recognized their voice but had no idea who they were and was too shy to make eye contact with a stranger . So Robin pulled their sleeve down over their hand to make a puppet and talked to them with a silly voice through it . The only sad part is thinking back on how sweet that was .
- alarbus
2 . Went and saw Steve-O do their stand up tour . After their show , they said they would meet everybody there . We waited in line , and they were being super nice , laughing and taking pictures with everyone . Right before we got to the stage some fat , redneck asshole told them that they were funnier back when they were on drugs . It killed their whole vibe . When we got to them they just took a picture with us and said thanks for coming , but they were clearly in a bad mood . I do n't blame them at all , they were still extremely nice , but they were clearly irritated . It was cool that they still met us and took a picture with us though . Seemed like a really cool dude .
- willie1707
3 . I was drunk at a friend 's bachelor party in vegas in '95 . We are walking through the casino , and I see this glorious man with what can only be described as the aura of a movie star around him . I immediately recognize them as Sammy Davis Jr . I run up and say `` Sammy can I get an autograph ? ! '' and they just turns around like they did n't hear me and starts walking . Thinking they could n't hear me I kind of yell `` Sammy Davis Jr ! '' . They turn around , looks right at me , and says `` You 're a real asshole '' .
I was pretty oblivious and had no idea why Sammy Davis Jr. was treating me like I had slapped their little sister 's ass . For a few years after that every time their name came up I told people how big of a jerk Sammy David Jr. was . Fast forward to a few years later and I 'm watching the movie Renaissance Man with Danny Devito and I 'm like `` wait I did n't know Sammy David Jr was in this movie '' .... which caused me to imdb it ... and it all finally clicked .
I had called Gregory Hines Sammy Davis Jr. to their face 5 years after Sammy died . It was probably the most delayed embarrassment I 've ever felt in my life .
- Corndoggy420
4 . I sat next to Rachel Weisz on a flight to Malta . I was 14 or 15 years old and had absolutely fallen in love with them in The Mummy movies . They were my first girl crush and I wanted to be just like them
They were very warm and friendly at the beginning of the flight so I thought `` Do n't screw this up by acting like another fawning fangirl . '' I never let on that I knew who they were and just chatted happily with them as the conversation dwindled and they became more sullen and withdrawn . Finally they snapped at me about something ( I ca n't even remember what I said or what they said in response , but it was clearly in a irritated tone ) and I immediately sat back and went silent .
Them little son and their nanny were sitting across the aisle from me and I guess the nanny had been eavesdropping . A couple minutes after Weisz snapped at me , they got up to use the restroom and their nanny leaned over and said simply and quietly `` She gets upset if you do n't acknowledge who they are . ''
I tried to continue talking to the nanny but they turned back to the little boy and acted like they had never said anything at all .
- Shark-Farts
5 . Anne Hathaway and their boyfriend used to frequent a coffee shop I worked at . This was a year or so after Les Mis and around the time where , they admitted later , they were going through severe depression . They would n't talk to us or anything . They would come in , sit down and have their partner order for them while they just sat there and looked upset . At the time we just thought they were being stuck up . It just goes to show that you never know what a person is going through and I should n't be too quick to judge . Once I read their interview regarding their depression I felt like such a dick .
- zeo1137
Continue reading on the next page !
6 . I went to school with someone who was n't a celebrity at the time who had celebrity parents . They had your typical teenage celebrity crush on an actor . Them mom started dating them and they got upset and shaved their head .
- KatCole7
7 . DMX very graciously held a door open for me recently . It was a nice encounter until I saw in the news the next day that they had been found unconscious in the parking lot later that evening .
- hippocamproust
8 . Betty White . It was right after the Golden Girls ( and Golden Palace ) had ended . Them career was not in the best place at the time . I was at the Beverly Center in Los Angeles and saw a poster promoting Betty White signing their latest book about how much they love animals .
I liked the Golden Girls so I thought I would swing by the bookstore to take a gander at Betty White . It was so sad . I 'll always remember they were sitting alone at a big table with a stack of books in front of them
People were in the bookstore shopping but no one was buying their book or really acknowledging them They just sat there , pen in hand , waiting . They would occasionally wipe off some imaginary dust to look busy . I 'm getting the chills just remembering it . Of course , I was such a self-involved college kid that I just stared at them from far away . I should have just gone up and talked to them
- joeb7474
9 . I met George R. R. Martin at the Blaze Pizza in Evanston a couple of months back when they were in town to accept an award from Northwestern University . At the time , I was listening to the audiobook of A Clash of Kings , and they very excitedly told me , `` You 've got a ways to go to catch up ! '' When I told them that I 've already read what he 's published three times , and am I listening to the audiobook as a new way to experience the story , they just kind of ... deflated . They let out a big sigh , and just said , `` Yeah , I need to finish the next book . People wo n't stop bothering me about it . ''
- rmpriest13
10 . My saddest celebrity encounter was also my greatest . When I was in college I was an extra in a few scenes of `` We Were Soldiers '' , a Vietnam movie with Mel Gibson and Sam Elliott . While I was waiting for a bus to take me back to wardrobe one of the casting guys came up and picked me out of the crowd and asked me if I wanted to be in another scene with Sam Elliott . Of course I was ecstatic . I sat in this van waiting for Sam to come out and it was going to drive us to the scene .
Finally they come out looking all pissed off and sits in the front seat . Against my better judgement I said something to the effect of , `` Mr Elliott I 'm a huge fan of yours and it 's an honor to be in a scene with you . '' They snap back : `` Shut the fuck up kid . '' Needless to say when Sam Elliott tells you to STFU , you do it . So that 's the sad part , though getting cussed out by a guy who typically plays the badass in movies was cool in some way .
We film the scene which is a short scene where they walk by Chris Klein and cusses at them about something . We film it over and over and I 'm just some soldier walking by in the background . Occasionally between takes Sam would look over at me and scowl . After it 's done we get back in the van to head back and Sam is again in the van . They turn around and says , `` Sorry about earlier kid , I just did n't want to fuck up my mood for the scene . I appreciate the compliment . '' Suddenly it dawned on me that when they cussed at me they were trying to stay in character for the upcoming scene . Pretty cool experience .
- auburnjohn
Continue reading on the next page !
11 . Met Vince Vaughn in a bar in Hollywood . They were with their entourage or whatever , and had quite a few drinks . They hit on a ( girl ) friend of mine , and I was amazed to see them totally blow them off . Not that they should have gone for it , but it was pretty incredible to see a multi-millionaire movie star get rejected by an accountant .
EDIT : I used the term `` blow them off '' as it is used in the U.S. , which means to reject someone 's advances without giving it a second thought . So , yes , they rejected VV ( and knew full well who they were and all that ) . Should probably add that they are n't exactly the most selective person when it comes to hooking up with guys ( no judgement here ) but that just made the whole thing even more amusing .
- False9FC
12 . Well , I once wanted to get Daryl Hannah 's autograph for my friend who had been crushing on them since FOREVER . I could n't summon up my courage to approach them directly , so I just asked the dude sitting next to them They put me off very politely .
I went back to my friends emptyhanded and was complimentary of Mr. Nobody 's manners . They told me I 'd just asked JFK Jr for Daryl 's autograph .
Edit : I seemed to have confused some folks for playing fast and loose with the meaning of `` sad . '' I meant that the encounter made me out to be pretty lame . Lame for being too intimidated to just be direct and ask her , and for being so dopey I did n't even realize that the person I had the guts to ask was , in their own way , just as famous .
- FeatofClay
13 . Met Samuel L. Jackson at a celebrity golf pro am . Shook their hand after I found their ball in the rough and asked them to sign my wallet 'the one that says BAD MOTHER FUCKER ' I 'd bought off eBay since I love Pulp Fiction so much . Had the marker and all . They just said 'No chance ' . That feeling of disappointment will be forever with me .
- Jay-3fiddy
14 . My brother met Gene Simmons backstage at a show they were playing in . Gene complimented my brother highly on their guitar playing but then said `` too bad you 'll never make it '' and just walked away .
- DomashnaRakija
15 . I became interested in evolution and physical anthropology in high school after exploring the topic in books and discovered Richard Dawkins . I was in the process of reading another of their recent books when I found out they were doing a signing in the city . So I went to their talk and waiting in line to get an autograph .
All through the Q & A session , people had great complex questions for them about their theories and ideas on evolution or certain species . I thought I would be clever and ask a simple and fun question . So in the cover of the book , I wrote , `` What is your favorite animal ? '' I expected this to be refreshing when they went to sign my book .
I got to the front and as they opened my book to sign it , they were a little thrown off . They gave me a look like I was mentally impaired and just signed theirs name .
I was crushed and felt really embarrassed that my recent idol thought I was stupid . I wandered off through the racks of books and found a small group of 5 people huddled around one man speaking .
I was curious and still trying to forget my last encounter , so I listened to this energetic man speak about the universe to this impromptu gathering . They were very knowledgeable and interactive . When I got a chance I asked them the same question , `` What 's your favorite animal ? '' They were very happy with the question and went on a long explanation of why the wolf was their favorite and when they first encountered one in Yellowstone .
I learned later that man was Neil Degrasse Tyson . What a day .
- creativepun
SOURCE
with your friends !
I 'm not a consumer of weed , but it interests me—it has the precise dimensions of a food geek 's pursuit . Modern cannabis is a product of botany over decades . Like 18th-century amateur gentlemen gardeners in France , patiently breeding some ideal of the perfectly perfumed pear , serious weed cultivators are pushing the boundaries not just of human pleasure , but of our species ' complex symbiosis with plants .
It 's more than that , of course—I do believe that cannabis has a role to play in pain management , as a palliative , something that can restore the spirit , and lend a kind of psychic dignity to patients suffering the daily drag of illness or disability . We 've always looked to alcohol , wine or spirits , to do that , in limited ways .
Which brings me to chefs and other people passionate about food : Why are n't we more honest about weed ? Roy Choi is . This week , Choi hard-opened POT , their Korean place in the Line Hotel . Choi is a huge pothead . Like an Acura with blackout windows in a high school parking lot , Choi 's Twitter feed is hotbox-hazy . POT is a serious restaurant , but Choi has taken care to dip the rollout in a super-dank mix of stoner jokes and visual puns .
Could Choi be the only prominent chef to speak truth about their love for trees ? Let 's be honest , cooking for a living is a grind . A lot of chefs unwind with weed , the way a lot of other Americans chill with weed . Up to now , mashups of weed and food have been Harold & Kumar–ish , goofy stoner-jokey , in books you 're likely to find on the Urban Outfitters gift table , not in Williams-Sonoma cookbook racks .
Something 's stirring , though : Legal recreational status in Colorado and Washington , plus a greater overall interest in edible forms of cannabis are bumping the needle for weed cuisine , but there 's a long way to go until most chefs could feel comfortable going public about their taste for the green . Serious talk of weed in the kitchen had a brief moment , in 2010 , then got hustled out the back door quicker than it came in . Me , I 'm waiting for the day chefs can talk openly about the mineral terroir of kush from the limestone schist of the Mendo hills versus the concentrated fruit from the clay of the Carneros valley . Cuz I know you guys talk about this stuff already , in private . Do n't pretend like you do n't .
Disclaimer : Neither Chowhound nor its parent company encourage or endorse any irresponsible behavior or illegal activity . If you choose to use cannabis , please do so responsibly and only where permitted by law .
Website images from POT
HUNTINGTON BEACH – Local residents and business owners say they 've seen both positive and negative effects from Huntington Beach 's plastic bag ban , which now may be repealed .
Joanie MacLean , manager of Lucci 's market on Adams Avenue , said residents did n't react well when forced to bring reusable sacks or pay for paper ones after the City Council passed the ban in 2013 . Lucci 's pays twice as much for paper bags as plastic ones , said owner Rick Refice , and eventually had to charge shoppers .
“ We used so many bags we had to charge , and customers were very unhappy , ” MacLean said .
Yet for some , like Huntington Beach surfer John Butler , the ban improved the quality of life in Surf City .
“ It 's better for the environment , everyone agrees , ” Butler said Wednesday .
But not everyone does .
On Tuesday , the council took the first step to repeal the ban on single-use plastic bags , saying there 's no evidence that it helps the environment and that voters should decide whether to ban the bags .
The council voted 6-1 , with Mayor Jill Hardy dissenting , to have city staff draft an ordinance repealing the ban and get a $ 5,000 environmental impact report on what the repercussions could be , if any , without the ban .
Advocates for and against the ban filled the Huntington Beach City Council chambers Tuesday , and dozens addressed the council in a meeting that spilled into an overflow room .
“ We are a jewel in the crown in the California coastline and yet here we are , the flight attendants of this magnificent coastline , debating a ban on plastic bags , ” 43-year resident Merle Moshiri said . “ ‘ Stay trashy , Huntington Beach , ' is not something we want to hear . ”
The ban could be lifted as soon as May 20 , according to the City Clerk 's Office .
Residents like Jon Hehl think the prohibition on plastic bags improved the city landscape by lessening the litter .
Hehl , a lifelong Huntington Beach resident and avid surfer , lamented the council 's push on Wednesday afternoon while changing into a wetsuit for an afternoon of surfing . While they have n't noticed fewer plastic bags in the water since the ban went into effect , they do see fewer clinging to fences and caught on the bottom of theirs truck .
“ I think it 's a terrible idea , honestly , ” Hehl said of the council 's decision . “ I have noticed a decrease in bags around town , that 's for sure . I do n't know what these people are thinking . ”
Across town , Ruth Baird , 53 , of Garden Grove visited the Main Street Trader Joe 's to pick up a few essentials . She 's happy to use reusable bags , but does n't want the government to regulate something so minuscule .
“ I do n't believe in legislating things like that because I think the bigger the government , the smaller the citizen , ” Baird said .
Newly elected Councilman Mike Posey brought the proposal before the council Tuesday , saying there is no proof that the ban on single-use bags improved the environment or reduced litter . The ban , Posey said , could have left a greater carbon footprint by driving consumers to buy paper bags or have reusable bags delivered to the city .
Posey ran for council on a platform of reducing the number of bans that come from City Hall , and there is no indication that money from plastic bag suppliers contributed to their campaign .
“ What 's most harmful to me is that the choice is taken away from the shoppers , ” Posey said of the ban Tuesday night . “ I do n't want to trash the ocean . I do n't want to trash the beach . I just want liberty . ”
Hardy was the lone member of the council to support keeping the single-use bag ban .
When the City Council approved the ban in 2013 , the council vote was 4-3 , with some city representatives saying they should leave the decision to voters or state legislators . Councilman Jim Katapodis supported the ban then , but said Tuesday that was because state legislation banning the bags was imminent .
In September , Gov . Jerry Brown signed the nation 's first statewide single-use bag ban into law and the ban was slated to go into effect in July . However , more than 800,000 signatures were collected for a referendum that , if verified , could put a halt to the legislation and instead put the state 's ban before voters in November 2016 .
Staff writer Martin Wisckol contributed to this report .
Contact the writer : lwilliams @ ocregister.com , 714-796-2286
With the primaries behind them , the presumptive nominees from both parties must now assess how to approach the general election . Here is how Hillary Clinton is strategizing their campaign moving forward :
Woo Bernie supporters by becoming 30 percent more curmudgeonly
Hold focus groups to help them appeal to a more diverse array of America 's corporate entities
Establish strategic headquarters in thousands of swing living rooms
Delete folder on laptop titled “ Liabilities 1998-2006 ”
Preempt Trump 's wild conspiracy theories by clarifying exactly which former aides committed suicide and which did not
Targeted TV ads that remind viewers they can win this thing without their vote if they have to
Mothball border wall proposal until inauguration
Surprise loyal supporters by dropping into a few quarterly earnings meetings unannounced
Go window-to-window in key districts to glare at undecided voters
Relax and continue being the trusted , affable woman everyone knows and loves
There 's a wave of new release dates for STAR TREK BEYOND now listed for twenty-one international locations , with many countries getting several-week delays from the primary July debut .
Much of Latin America now wo n't be getting the movie locally until September – including Mexico and Brazil . Many locations in Europe are also seeing two-week delays from the originally-announced dates , including France and Spain .
Japan now has a much longer wait as well , and now wo n't see BEYOND until late October .
There is some good news for Iceland , Croatia , Denmark , and South Africa , however , which will get their STAR TREK BEYOND premieres a bit earlier than previously announced .
In addition , several non-English versions of the official BEYOND teaser poster have been released . High-resolution versions can be found in our poster gallery .
Wind & Solar To Replace Coal In Australia By 2040
June 23rd , 2015 by Joshua S Hill
As part of its New Energy Outlook 2015 report published Tuesday , Bloomberg New Energy Finance ( BNEF ) conducted a country-by-country , technology-by-technology analysis covering electricity demand , cost of generation , and structural changes in the global electricity system .
“ NEO 2015 draws together all of BNEF 's best data and information on energy costs , policy , technology and finance , ” said Michael Liebreich , chairperson of the advisory board at Bloomberg New Energy Finance . “ It shows that we will see tremendous progress towards a decarbonised power system . However , it also shows that despite this , coal will continue to play a big part in world power , with emissions continuing to rise for another decade and a half , unless further radical policy action is taken . ”
Specifically for Australia , BNEF concludes that fossil fuels will only account for 41 % of Australia 's electricity generation by 2040 , due to aging coal and gas plants being replaced by lower-cost wind and solar installations .
Quite simply , BNEF “ predicts that Australia 's power sector will fundamentally change , without any additional policy ” — which is a relief , considering the lackluster and downright anti-environmental policies currently being debated and passed through Australia 's parliament .
The report 's authors determined that more than 50 % of Australia 's electricity generating capacity will be located behind-the-meter by 2040 , totaling 37 GW of small-scale PV and 33 GW of battery storage . “ This will be driven by the superior economics of these technologies , which will be able to supply consumers with electricity at a lower cost than the grid ” said Kobad Bhavnagri , the Australian-head of Bloomberg New Energy Finance and co-author of the Australian chapter of the report .
Unsurprisingly , however , BNEF does not predict fossil fuel generator retirements to happen quickly , with only 29 GW or so of fossil fuel electricity plants forecast to be retired by 2040 . “ Old coal is very cheap , ” Bhavnagri said . “ With our existing suite of policies , coal generators will run for as long as is physically possible . ”
While BNEF 's outlook may seem somewhat overly-optimistic for those of us currently at the beck and call of Australian politics , its forecasts of new large-scale capacity automatically filling the gap provided by retiring fossil fuel plants does appeal as a brighter future . “ The economics of new plants are very different from old , ” Bhavnagri said . “ Old coal is cheap , because only the running costs need to be met . But building new coal or gas is very expensive , as construction is capital intensive . ”
“ Relentless growth in rooftop PV ” will be the additional driving factor , with over half of Australia 's power capacity , and 59 % of generation , will be renewable by 2040 . This will include 33 GW of storage , which is more than Australia 's current coal-fired fleet of generators . “ Sophisticated market mechanisms will have to be developed to enable the system to effectively utilise these assets , ” Hugh Bromley , Bloomberg New Energy Finance 's specialist in distributed energy , said . “ Energy storage will need to be used to meet peak demand in winter from 2033 , and households will have more than enough battery capacity to do this . But the grid will need to be managed in a much smarter way to co-ordinate the millions of new household participants . ”
November 25 , 2014 at 1:09 PM
A $ 2.5 million claim has been filed against the city of Seattle , citing a collision more than two years ago in which a vehicle driven by Councilmember Sally Clark injured a bicyclist .
The claim , brought by Steve Fairbanks , a former Lakewood , Pierce County , man who now lives in Oregon , represents the first step in a potential lawsuit if the claim is not settled .
It was filed Nov. 10 , detailing a May 12 , 2012 , collision in Tacoma that purportedly occurred when Clark was on their way to an event “ in their official capacity ” as a City Council member .
Fairbanks , 45 , was riding a bicycle on South Ninth Street trying to get through South Market Street when Clark 's Ford Escape turned in front of him , the claim says .
Fairbanks “ possessed the right of way ” when the collision knocked them to the ground , according to the claim .
The claim alleges Fairbanks suffered serious injury , including a broken left leg left permanently deformed with a loss of feeling and chronic pain . They underwent surgery to remove an existing plate and screws in the leg as part of their treatment , according to the claim .
As part of the claim , Fairbanks , an electrician , is seeking lost wages .
In a statement issued Tuesday , Clark described the collision as an accident , saying it occurred on a Saturday morning as they were on their way to a speaking engagement in Tacoma .
“ I was in my personal car and taking a left turn just before arriving at the location . I did not see an oncoming cyclist and they did n't have time to stop before running into my passenger side door . I and others immediately called 911 and stayed with the cyclist until they were taken to the hospital . They had a clearly broken leg , ” Clark wrote .
Clark said they received and paid a citation , but did not give the sum .
“ I immediately alerted my insurer , followed by city staff from FAS ( Risk Management ) and Law , ” the statement said , referring to the Department of Finance and Administrative Services .
“ This was an accident and a reminder of how quickly something like this can happen , ” Clark wrote . “ As a driver and a cyclist — who rides my bike to work not often enough — I continue to be shaken by what happened . I 'm thankful ( if that 's the right word ) that what was a bad outcome for the cyclist was n't worse . I am sorry for the medical time and recovery process that the cyclist has had to endure . Now that the claim is filed it 's up to insurers and lawyers to manage the process , but I wanted to share a few of my thoughts about the accident . ”
In a police report , Clark was quoted as saying they were looking for a church on a corner and did not see the cyclist .
Clark has registered as a candidate for one of two at-large seats ahead of the council 's 2015 election . The council 's seven other seats are moving to district representation .
Clark was appointed to a vacant seat on the council in 2006 and then won election later that year .
Last month is probably a new productivity record : 87 of scheduled tasks completed with a delay of only a couple of hours .
Most of the work was aimed at preparing for closed testing , in particular , creating an interface and adding all the low tier buildings . So now there are facilities associated with the production of clothing and footwear : tannery , slaughterhouse , weaver 's , tailor 's and shoemaker 's workshops . Raw materials for them are cow hides , hemp and lime ( later this list will be broadened ) . The models for them so far look too simple , but the main focus now is core gameplay , so that 's ok .
Another big shift has taken pace in trading . Now in order to make a trade agreement with other town you 'll need to send there a messenger . You can watch how they move on the map
When arrived , they can make deals for 30 days :
I decided to complicate everything again and separated cows , bulls and oxen , all of which can be bought from outside . So there 's no more same-sex breeding , sorry .
For local trade we have now separate market stands that have 4 slots . You can set them to sell whatever you want ( providing you have it in your warehouse or granary ) :
Citizens will buy here whatever they need .
Agriculture became even more complex . Now each piece of land has three indicators of nutrients , that absorbed by different plants in different proportions :
Only thoughtful crop interchanging will prevent land from exhaustion . If there 's a manager on the farm , you can set up an automatic crop rotation . Leaving field fallow or , even better , using as a pasture helps to restore land fertility .
This is by far not all that was added in the last month . Substantial changes and optimizations were made on construction , transportation of resources , personnel management . The game now is much more complicated than what I imagined it will be three years earlier . But I believe this will make it stand out among other city-building games .
Further plan is to prepare the game for testing . I need to finish the saving/loading system , add some hints and fix some most irritating problems . Hope this wo n't take more than a week . I want to remind you that this build will have only placeholder models of buildings , some missing animations , and many more symptoms of an unfinished game . The main goal is to test core mechanics and get relevant feedback .
Recently , when I read the fellow city-building developers blog , I came across information that their project earns the minimum wage by selling alpha on their own site . And I suddenly thought that the minimal wage in UK is not so bad for Ukraine : ) I mean monthly minimal in UK is what I pay for house rent for like 13 months . Of course the game is not yet ready for Steam Early Access , but this kind of soft start among a limited circle of fans , I think it 's worth a try . If lucky , I could quit my job and even have a couple of weekends in a month 🙂 And in the meantime , continue to add features .
Anyway , first of all – closed testing . This way I should see the weakest spots in my game without an unnecessary risk .
Subscribe for a newsletter so you wo n't miss your invitation for testing
Send me all news about development
Follow the news on Facebook and Twitter . Let me know what you think in comments below or on official subreddit : /r/OstrivGame/
Advertisement Natural gas pipeline construction to continue as planned Vermont 's Public Service Board releases decision on controversial plan Share Copy Link Copy
Vermont 's Public Service Board has ruled construction of a $ 154 million natural gas pipeline will continue as planned.Board members decided there was not enough evidence to reopen discussion of the plan.Watch this storyThe decision has been in the works for several months . The Addison Natural Gas Pipeline construction will continue.Regulators said despite higher cost estimates , they did n't have sufficient grounds to reopen the 2013 final order that allowed Vermont Gas to build the 43-mile pipeline in the first place.Read the full decisionThe board held public hearings in June and December to hear from concerned citizens before making the 52-page ruling. “ The Addison project will deliver a new clean energy choice to thousands of Vermont families , businesses , and institutions . The decision concludes a thorough regulatory proceeding and we appreciate the opportunity to keep moving forward , '' Vermont Gas spokesperson Elizabeth Parent said in a press release . “ Our company has worked through significant challenges to get the project on track . We appreciate the time and effort invested in this project by many potential customers , businesses , towns , and landowners along the route . `` The public service board wrote that a significant factor in their decision-making was that Vermont Gas said it was committed to the memorandum of understanding with the Department of Public Service , which represents the people.That pledge capped the amount the utility could recover from ratepayers at $ 134 million.Project opponents were not happy with the decision . `` While the world is turning away from fossil fuels , it appears that fracked gas continues to enjoy the warm embrace of the Public Service Board . This really is a terrible decision , '' VPIRG Executive Director Paul Burns said . `` VPIRG believes the evidence was clear that safer , cleaner and cheaper alternatives to fracked gas are available today . That means that the $ 154 million pipeline can not possibly be in the public 's interest . `` The executive director of the Vermont Fuel Dealers Association said it 's risky for VGS to build this pipeline . `` If they spend a $ 154 million building a pipeline and no one converts , yeah there 's some trouble for them because then the rest of the ratepayers have to absorb the cost , '' said Matt Cota.Lt . Governor Phil Scott applauded the Public Service Board 's decision . `` Vermont Gas has done a good job getting this important infrastructure project back on track so more Vermonters , Vermont businesses like Cabot and Vermont institutions like Porter Hospital can benefit from cleaner natural gas and save money , '' Scott said . `` I am particularly pleased that their agreement with the Public Service Department caps the costs that can be charged in rates and that their efforts to renew discussions with landowners have resulted in agreements with 161 of 164 landowners . ''
A college student in Massachusetts pleaded not guilty last week to assault charges stemming from an incident in January where they allegedly attacked members of a visiting basketball team for wearing braided hair which they deemed “ cultural appropriation . ”
According to the Daily Hampshire Gazette , 20-year-old Carmen Figueroa confronted members of the Central Maine Community College women 's basketball team , demanding that they remove the braids from their hair — allegedly citing , per court documents , “ cultural appropriation . ”
When they refused to do so , Figueroa is alleged to have , according to the Gazette , attacked one of the students . A second Hampshire student , who is as yet unidentified , is alleged to have pulled the hair of another player , causing them to fall . Figueroa then allegedly kicked and stepped on the fallen player .
Coaches eventually broke up the melee , as Figueroa still allegedly tried to punch the basketball players while “ screaming swears and racial slurs . ”
The Gazette reports that Figueroa was released on their own recognizance , and is due back in court in May .
[ image via ShutterStock ]
——
Follow Joe DePaolo ( @ joe_depaolo ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
IDEAS Filipovic is a lawyer and writer .
The success of Donald Trump stems from one major factor : the perception that they tell it like it is because he 's beholden to no one . Whether Trump actually does tell the truth is a different question—one more often answered in the negative—but Wednesday , they did something rare for a Republican politician : they told the truth , saying that if abortion were illegal , women should be punished . ( He later walked back theirs comments ) .
Commentators on the left erupted with outrage , and on the right with denial . “ No pro-lifer would ever want to punish a woman who has chosen abortion , ” said Jeanne Mancini , President of the March for Life Education and Defense Fund in a statement . “ We have never advocated , in any context , for the punishment of women who undergo abortion , ” said Marjorie Dannenfelser of the anti-abortion-rights group Susan B. Anthony List in a statement . “ Punishment is solely for the abortionist who profits off of the destruction of one life and the grave wounding of another . ”
And so went the usual anti-abortion claims : Outlawing abortion should punish abortion providers , not women . Women who have abortions are ignorant victims , coerced or tricked into forsaking their true desire for motherhood by greedy doctors who exploit them for financial gain .
These are lies . But they also reveal an important idea underpinning the anti-abortion-rights movement in the U.S. : It 's not about the life of the embryo or fetus . It 's certainly not about helping or protecting women . It 's about hostility to women 's social advancement , which has been rapid , and which would have been wholly impossible without access to contraception and abortion . And it 's not just Trump whose antipathy toward women 's rights and freedoms plays out particularly pronouncedly around abortion rights . It 's Ted Cruz , it 's the anti-abortion movement , and it 's most of the Republican Party .
The argument that women would not or should not go to jail for abortion is absurd when one notes that there are women in the United States who have , in fact , gone to jail for abortion ; some are sitting in jail right now . Jennifer Whalen , a mother in Pennsylvania , was prosecuted for getting abortion-inducing drugs for their daughter . Purvi Patel is currently sitting in an Indiana prison for allegedly self-inducing their own abortion . And it 's not just abortion . Prosecutors have charged dozens of women with serious crimes including drug trafficking and murder for using drugs while pregnant . When South Carolina passed a law in 1997 qualifying fetuses as persons and harm to them as child abuse , the Attorney General 's Office announced it would prosecute women who had post-viability abortions for any reason , and that it would charge them with murder and potentially seek the death penalty . If a woman takes drugs and has a miscarriage or their child dies soon after birth , they face jail time in many parts of the U.S. Do we really believe that a woman who pays someone to end their pregnancy wo n't be treated the same way ?
When you make something illegal , it comes with penalties—this is how criminal law works . It 's certainly how it works in El Salvador , where women are in jail , some for having miscarriages the state believes were abortions . It 's how it works in Rwanda , where rape survivors sit in prison for ending their pregnancies . It 's how it works in Ecuador , Malaysia , Mexico , Bolivia , the Philippines—the list of where ending a pregnancy can land you behind bars goes on .
American anti-abortion advocates say they would target abortion providers instead of women , because it 's apparently more acceptable to throw doctors in prison for providing care that saves women 's lives every single day . Even if you think that sounds OK , it belies an ignorance of how illegal abortion often works . Trained clinicians able to provide safe and legal abortions , like we have at women 's health clinics across America , are luxuries unimaginable to many women worldwide . Today , in places where abortion is outlawed , there are still some illicit providers who offer surgical abortions . But more often there 's no trained doctor at all : There 's a sister , a mother , a friend , a classmate , a friendly pharmacist , who helps to get misoprostol or other abortion-inducing pills into the hands of a pregnant woman . When these pills are legit and the woman adheres to protocols for misoprostol use approved by the World Health Organization , these clandestine abortions are often very safe and effective , which is why far fewer women die of unsafe abortions today than they did two decades ago . Other times , though , there 's the woman who throws themselves down the stairs , or asks their boyfriend to punch them in the stomach , or takes a tincture or tea their auntie says will make their period come , or inserts a stick or a knitting needle or a fireplace poker into their vagina .
In other words , it 's often the woman themselves who is the abortion provider . When it 's not her , it 's often their friends and their family and their loved ones . Jail abortion providers and you are jailing women and the people who love them .
It 's also worth noting that when you make abortion illegal , any death of a fetus or embryo becomes suspect . Just as the death of an infant may lead doctors and law enforcement to suspect child abuse and engage in an investigation , so , too , would miscarriages have to cue scrutiny into the woman 's actions . Anti-abortion activists are also not satisfied to simply outlaw abortion ; they want to enshrine into law that personhood exists at the moment of fertilization ( they 've tried to pass such laws in a handful of states , and they 've failed miserably ) . That certainly fits with their narrative that life not only begins at conception , but that a fertilized egg is a human being deserving of life and respect and legal protection .
It 's an ideologically tidy argument , but it gets messy when confronted with real life . Most fertilized eggs never make it to birth . About half never implant in the uterine wall and are naturally flushed out of a woman 's body , which is why actual medical doctors define pregnancy at the point of implantation , not fertilization . Others do implant , but are lost in early miscarriages , many of which go unnoticed . Still others implant outside of the uterus , often in the fallopian tubes , where they can never grow into a baby but can rupture and kill the woman carrying them . And others develop further , turning into fetuses that are lost in later miscarriages . Establish personhood at the moment of fertilization , and you 've got an astronomical death rate on your hands .
This , too , points to a fundamental inconsistency in the mainstream anti-abortion view : If a fertilized egg really is a human being , imbued with as much of a right to life as you or me , where are the efforts to curb such a high death rate ? Why the focus on abortion , which ends the lives of far fewer embryos and fetuses than Mother Nature herself ?
The response from anti-abortion advocates here is that the millions and millions of fertilized egg deaths are natural , while abortion is intentional . Nowhere else , though , is this the standard for protecting human life . Children in the U.S. used to die in relatively high numbers from natural causes , and so did women in childbirth , and so still do people die from cancer and AIDS and Alzheimer 's and heart disease ; we have not collectively shrugged our shoulders and said that it 's natural so we wo n't worry about it . Billions of dollars have been put into global efforts to fight the kinds of preventable diseases that kill millions of children , and billions more into researching vaccines and treatments and cures . Yet there has been no concerted anti-abortion effort to demand research funding into why all of these fertilized eggs die , or to find a cure .
Perhaps that 's because even the most active anti-abortion advocates know the truth is that a fertilized egg is not the same as a 3-year-old , and they do not genuinely believe that it has the same right to life .
Want more evidence ? There is now a wealth of research on what decreases the abortion rate and what increases it . One thing that does n't seem to have much of an impact is legality . When abortion is legal , abortions happen ; when it 's illegal , abortions continue to happen , they just happen clandestinely . Some of them are safe , but others are n't , and many women end up hurt or dead .
What has been shown over and over to decrease the abortion rate is access to affordable contraception , especially long-acting methods like IUDs ; the countries with the lowest abortion rates in the world not only offer abortion legally and often for free , but also make birth control easy to get , offer comprehensive sex education in schools , and do n't rely primarily on shame or fear to keep young people from having sex . Yet not a single major American anti-abortion organization supports affordable contraception access . None of them advocate for comprehensive sex ed .
Instead , many of them actively oppose birth control , particularly the most reliable kinds . In Colorado , for example , an innovative family planning program gave free IUDs to more than 30,000 women who wanted them . The state immediately saw 40 % drop in unintended pregnancies and a 35 % decline in abortions , and saved taxpayers $ 80 million in Medicaid costs . Seems like the definition of a successful anti-abortion , cost-saving program , something one would think the GOP would trumpet . Instead , anti-abortion groups opposed it , and so Republican politicians cut it . Why ? Because as one pastor put it , abstinence until marriage and then embracing as many children as God gives you is the only acceptable way to live your life , and “ Let us turn to God , and not to the state , to find the best ways for ourselves and our children . ”
Restricting access to birth control and abortion is one of the most effective ways to stymy women 's successes and freedoms . Today , the average American woman gets married at 26 , at which point they have had close to a decade of sexual experiences . All around the world , the age of sexual initiation is more or less the same—in one 's mid to late teens . The question is n't whether and when young people have sex ; it 's whether sex leads to pregnancy and childbearing , and then whether having a child derails women 's life plans and goals . On an individual level , there are some young women who are able to give birth young and still stay on an upwardly mobile path—graduating from high school , going to college , getting a job . But that 's not the norm . More often , early childbearing means it 's all the harder to stay in school and later to have the freedom to pursue whatever one wants . These are burdens that have always fallen on young women , while young men have remained at liberty to move up in the world .
Certainly if young women choose to have and continue pregnancies , they should not only have that right , but should also have the kind of social support that will allow them to parent and to stay afloat—social support programs that , notably , anti-abortion Republicans routinely try to cut.The plan , again , is n't to make parenthood easier or to make motherhood safer . It 's to keep women constrained into a role conservative lawmakers have decided is better for them , against all the evidence provided by women themselves . Look around : When you offer women options and freedoms , they take them . And many women know better than anyone that birth control—and abortion access , if that birth control fails—are what offer them financial security , the future they strive for , and the family they want to build .
Because very little of the broader anti-abortion view is politically convenient , you see anti-abortion groups falling back on the claim that fertilized eggs are people and abortion is murder . Which brings us back to Donald Trump .
If anti-abortion advocates sincerely believe abortion is murder , they should also say that women have to be punished for it . If a fetus is the same as a 5-year-old , then a woman who ends a pregnancy should be just as guilty of murder as a woman who pays a hit man to kill them kindergartener . Claiming ignorance that murder was murder would n't work .
It 's an ugly thought , and it 's electorally and socially unpopular , and that 's why some of them do n't say it out loud ; others realize that while they may find abortion morally wrong , they do n't in their heart of hearts believe removing an embryo from a woman 's body is the same as slaughtering a 5-year-old . But start making those kinds of distinctions and the whole case against abortion falls apart .
The outrageous thing is n't Donald Trump 's original comment . It 's that so few in the mainstream political establishment have bothered to interrogate the reality of the anti-abortion position and its stranglehold on Republican Party policies . When you do , you see that punishing women for making their own reproductive choices is n't a defective , offensive answer . It 's the entire plan .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Just like a poet or an athlete practicing code every day will only make you better .
Lately I have been trying to get into blogging more and any article I read always says , “ you need to write every day ” . It does n't matter if what I write down gets published , but forming the habit of trying to write something every day is what counts . The more I write the easier it will become , the more natural it will feel and the better I will get at it .
This really is n't just true of writing or blogging , it is something that can be said of anything at all . Riding a bike , playing basketball , reading , cooking or absolutely anything at all . The more you do it , the easier it will become and the better you will get .
As the title of the post will allude you to , this is also true of programming . If you want to be really good at programming you have to write code every day . The more code you write the easier it 'll be to write and the better you will be at programming . Just like any other task I 've listed in this article , trying to write code every day , even if you are used to it , can be really hard to do and a really hard habit to keep .
“ What should I write ? ” The answer to this question is going to be different for everyone , but it is the hurdle which you must first overcome to work your way towards writing code every day . Usually people write code to solve problems that they have , but not everyone has problems to solve . There is usually a chicken and the egg problem . You need to write code to have coding problems , and you need to have coding problems to have something to write . So , where should you start ?
For myself , one of the things I like doing is to rewrite things that already exist . Sometimes it can be hard to come up with a new and different idea or even a new approach to an existing idea . However , there are millions of existing projects out there to copy . The idea I go for is to try and replicate the overall goal of the project , but in my own way . That might mean writing it in a different language , or changing the API for it or just taking some wacky new approach to solving the same issue .
More times than not the above exercise leads me to a problem that I then can go off and solve . For example , a few weeks ago I sat down and decided I wanted to write a web server in go ( think nginx / apache ) . I knew going into the project I wanted a really nice and easy to use configuration file to define the settings . So , I did what most people do these days I and used json , but that did n't really feel right to me . I then tried yaml , but yet again did n't feel like what I wanted . I probably could have used ini format and made custom rules for the keys and values , but again , this is hacky . This spawned a new project in order to solve the problem I was having and ended up being forge , which is a hand coded configuration file syntax and parser for go which ended up being a neat mix between json and nginx configuration file syntax .
Anywho , enough of me trying to self promote projects . The main point is that by trying to replicate something that already exists , without really trying to do anything new , I came up with an idea which spawned another project and for at least a week ( and continuing now ) gave me a reason to write code every day . Not only did I write something useful that I can now use in any future project of mine , I also learned something I did not know before . I learned how to hand code a syntax parser in go .
Ultimately , try to take “ coding every day ” not as a challenge to write something useful every day , but to learn something new every day . Learn part of a new language , a new framework , learn how to take something apart or put it back together . Write code every day and learn something new every day . The more you do this , the more you will learn and the better you will become .
Go forth and happy coding . : )
The Observer has one of its rather odd right wing business editorials today , given that it claims to be a left of centre paper . It begins well , noting :
Few opinion polls that claim to detect a shift in public attitudes merit the ubiquitous label “ landmark research ” , but here 's one that does . The Legatum Institute , a thinktank , and Populus have found levels of support for nationalising large parts of the economy that would have been hard to believe a few years ago . The big four industries in the sights of Labour 's Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell should all return to public ownership , according to a strong majority of respondents . Water topped the poll ( 83 % ) , followed by electricity ( 77 % ) , gas ( 77 % ) and the railways ( 76 % ) .
They add :
Dig deeper into the figures and you will see a remarkable convergence of opinion across age groups for most sectors . This is not a generational phenomenon . Some 78 % of 55-64-year-olds , who are old enough to remember the days of British Rail ( unloved at the time ) , support public ownership of train companies .
The Observer then tries to guess why this might be the case . To suggest it could be the collapse in real income growth since 2008 . Or a collapse in confidence in big business , aided and abetted by disenchantment with executive pay . Then they speculate on whether or not it is the obviously feeble benefits of privatisation that fuel this sentiment when nothing suggests that the public have benefitted , whilst shareholders clearly have . The analysis is a curious hotch-potch of microeconomic thinking on what is quite clearly a macroeconomic and even macropolitical shift . Nothing symbolises this better than the comment that follows :
The extraordinary part of this pro-nationalisation shift , however , is that Corbyn and McDonnell have barely bothered to explain how they would pay for the assets , or how they would run them better . If a company were contemplating a series of takeovers worth £200bn-plus , the shareholders would want to know the details . The prime minister , if she 's serious about defending capitalism , might want to push that argument .
To which they then add :
They could also try rewriting the regulatory system for the utilities to ensure consumers get a better deal . You 'd probably start with water – it 's hard to mess up and current owners enjoy a life of almost risk-free luxury .
At least the Observer pins it 's colours firmly to the mast : it would seem that they are firmly on the side of the Tories in finding ways to beat off this 'threat ' .
Let 's look at this another way . First , why is nationalisation popular ? Let 's not play with trivia at the edges : let 's go to fundamentals . People know that what we 're talking about , whether it be trains , power , water and maybe other utilities ( BT OPenreach is an obvious example ; the banking platform that guarantees that payments can take place another , the National Grid a third , and healthcare an obvious fourth ) are natural monopolies . There really is no room for a second serious supplier in any of these markets . Competition is not then ever going to be a reality in practice . And in that case to pretend that the private sector can provide an answer other than monopoly abuse is obviously just wrong . This is an answer reached with regard to railways in WW1 ( although the full bullet was not bitten then ) . It 's been reached with all the others since and it 's now obvious to anyone that all the alternatives are just game playing : the result is an industry that has to be so widely regulated that any pretence at real competition is a charade , which has not prevented arbitraging of rules ( train fares , customer tariffs and straight rip-off in the case of water ) at consumer expense .
It 's not trivia that 's leading to this sentiment from the public : it 's cold , hard , economic reality that is driving it . People want the state to do what the state does best . And they also know that the state can fund such businesses more cheaply than anyone else : if PFI has served any purpose then it has been to prove that the state 's cost of capital is vastly lower than the private sector 's , in which case using private sector funding for state activity rather than government borrowing now very obviously makes no sense at all to anyone but the most hardened of dogmatists . Again , the public know this , I think . And that 's why they reject private sector solutions : they literally know they are not economic .
In which case they also know how this will be funded . The public know that £435 billion of QE bailed out banks and inflated asset prices . They 're not daft : the evidence is all around them that something has gone deeply wrong with this programme , as I predicted in 2010 . This was always the likely outcome .
But equally they can see we have not gone to Zimbabwe or the Weimar Republic in a handcart : this money creation did not create consumer price inflation . Far from it ; for long periods when there were no other external factors ( like Brexit or oil supply changes ) there was no real inflation at all . So they now know the government can make money out of thin air for the sake of the economy when it is appropriate to do so . Using QE created funds to pay for nationalised assets would make sense .
Make the gilts in question very long dated , if they need be dated at all ( after all , they 're replacing equity and equity is not dated ) would be very wise .
Then make them very low coupon i.e . Set the interest rate very low . So low in fact they are very unlikely to exceed current inflation , but will still beat rates available from banks at present .
And by all means require that the sectors in question cover their respective costs - but make that coupon rate their cost of capital , and not impose some artificial and much higher rate as is normal in the public sector right now .
And then appoint properly representational boards to run these industries mixing existing expertise , political control , customers , workers and community interests .
Will it be a panacea ? Of course not , and there will be mistakes . We humans make them , and we like pointing them out ( as I know ) . But will it match the economic reality of these sectors ? Of course it will . And will that match voter sentiment as well as their inherent and innate common-sense logic ? Yes , of course it will too .
This is not rocket science . It just requires clear thinking . For the second time ( at least ) this week the Guardian / Observer has failed to deliver that in an editorial .
TUCSON , Ariz. -- Anu Solomon hit Austin Hill on a 47-yard Hail Mary on the game 's final play and Arizona scored 36 points in the fourth quarter to pull off an improbable 49-45 win over California Saturday night .
Cal ( 2-1 , 0-1 Pac-12 ) threatened to turn Arizona 's whiteout into a blowout , deflating the Wildcats and their white-shirt-wearing fans with two quick scores and a 22-point halftime lead .
Arizona ( 4-0 , 1-0 ) charged back behind Solomon , who threw for 520 yards and had four of their five touchdown passes in the fourth quarter .
The Wildcats recovered an onside kick after Cal was called for a batting penalty and pulled within two after Solomon hit Cayleb Jones on a 15-yard scoring pass .
Arizona got the ball back with less than a minute left and pulled off the miracle when Hill , a senior who missed last season with a torn ACL , brought the ball down among five Cal defenders .
Solomon shook off a pair of first half interceptions to complete 47 of 73 passes , both school records . Jones caught 13 passes for 186 yards .
Arizona finished with 627 total yards , and Cal had 573 .
Behind Jared Goff , who threw for 380 yards and three touchdowns , Cal led 31-16 heading into the fourth quarter .
That 's when Arizona kicked its high-octane offense in gear , marching for one score after another .
Solomon hit Hill on a 9-yard touchdown pass , then Jones on a 16-yarder after Khalfani Muhammad scored on a 50-yard touchdown run . Muhammad scored again on a 6-yard run to put Cal seemingly in good position , up 45-30 with just over 5 minutes left .
But the Wildcats kept coming .
Arizona marched for a 6-yard touchdown run by Terris Jones-Grigsby then recovered a second try at an onside kick after Cal 's batting penalty . Jones , who had 13 catches for 186 yards , pulled down a 15-yard pass from Solomon with 2:44 left , but the Wildcats ' two-point try failed .
With a chance to put the game away , Cal could n't finish it off . James Langford hooked a 47-yard field goal left , turning the ball over to Arizona at its own 29-yard line with 52 seconds left .
Solomon completed a couple of short passes before finding Hill on a 20-yard pass that moved the chains and briefly stopped the clock . Arizona raced to the line and Solomon spiked the ball to set up the final shot at the end zone .
Hill came down with it , sending the Wildcats streaming from their sideline and the Bears collapsing to the turf .
In a large , shallow body of water , hundreds of flamingos congregate like an avian water ballet team : all preening their pink feathers , resting in the sun and standing on one leg for hours at a time . Flamingos even sleep that way .
Bird Image Gallery
It 's a puzzle to science why , exactly , flamingos stand on one leg so regularly . But there are lots of theories on the subject . It 's an impressive ability , considering flamingos'­ legs are longer than their bodies , and most of their weight is oriented horizontally . Humans are oriented vertically , with almost all of their weight in line with the center of gravity . It really should be easier for humans to stand on one leg than for flamingos . But most of us have trouble standing one leg for 10 seconds , let alone four hours like flamingos do .
Most large wading birds have the ability to stand on one leg , and flamingos are one of the biggest wading birds out there . They range from 32 to 51 inches tall ( 81 to 130 cm ) , but they do n't weigh much -- just about 5 to 8 pounds ( 2 to 3.6 kg ) [ source : SeaWorld ] . Combine their height with their coloring , and flamingos are one of the most recognizable birds in the world . They 're practically a city logo in Miami .
It 's startling to see a large group of pink , red or vermillion birds standing in a shallow pond . The color comes from the food they eat , including shrimp , which is full of carotenoid pigments ( the same thing that makes carrots orange ) . Flamingos are always in groups , anywhere from a few birds to a few hundred or even thousands , and they live on every continent except Australia and Antarctica [ source : San Diego Zoo ] . They 're very social , sleeping , preening their feathers and eating together . Imagine hundreds of birds with their heads underwater , fishing . Or sort of fishing : Flamingos stick their heads in the water upside down and suck mud and water in through the front of their beak . The top and bottom of the beak have bristles that intertwine when they meet , forming a comblike filtering mechanism . The water and mud flow through , getting pumped out the sides of the beak . What 's left is the flamingo 's food , usually algae and small crustaceans .
They stand on both legs to eat , but on one leg to sleep . It seems like sleeping would require both legs on the ground for balance -- since the animal is unconscious . So why do flamingos do it ? On the next page , we 'll look into some of the most common theories .
­
Another attraction of a strengthened federalism is that it attracts more support across party lines than do most other contemporary issues . California Democrats and Texas Republicans are likely to look benignly on rules and laws that increase their states ' authority . A similar decentralization ( with appropriate safety nets ) of health care might be supported by a bipartisan congressional majority , when the current ( or a revised ) Obamacare remain resistant to political approval .
It 's time—past time—for the dual causes of a lessened presidency and a heightened federalism to be major subjects of our political discourse .
Julian Zelizer : An interesting rumination about some of the potential trends in politics . You lay out a strong case for a potential period of decentralization—away from the imperial presidency , away from a strong welfare state , away from nationalism and toward something smaller and more local .
I agree with much of what you argue , though I am more skeptical about the potential for change ( putting aside debates about whether all of these changes are a good thing ) . As you have taught us in your books , change does n't come easily in American politics . Institutions and organizations endure . Presidential elections , presidents , social movements often encounter the persistence of pre-existing regimes .
With some of the issues that you highlight , this might be the case again . For all of the uproar over President Trump 's aggressive use of presidential authority , it is easy to imagine that when they are gone , politicians in both parties will settle with the status quo rather than changing it . After the 2008 election , with all of the uproar over President Bush 's vast expansion of the national security state , we did n't really see many transformations after a historic election that seemed to be a mandate for change . Even during President Nixon 's demise , Congress passed laws reasserting its power ( such as the War Powers Act of 1973 and the Budget Reform of 1974 ) —yet the presidency seems to be doing pretty well . Given that right now Republicans control Congress as well , they might not be willing to do that much to reform government if they anticipate keeping control once Trump is gone .
The social welfare state is certainly under attack , here and elsewhere , yet we have also seen how the popularity of many programs , such as Social Security and Medicaid , proves to be a powerful counterforce to conservative retrenchment . I do think federalism is enjoying a period of resurgence—with liberals also turning to states and localities as the engine for progressive change , not simply the right—federal programs still hold considerable appeal . I do n't think that President Franklin Delano Roosevelt has lost the argument just yet .
As for the kind of right-wing nationalism that has flared all over the globe , I think that many people hope that you are correct . But let 's wait and see . Few people thought that the two-terms of the first African American president , someone who is pretty progressive on international and domestic policy , would end with the election of Donald Trump and a right-wing , nationalist , America-First campaign that seemed like a throwback to the era of George Wallace .
Image copyright lincolnshire police Image caption The Rooney family ran a driveway resurfacing business
Nine members of a traveller family who kept workers in squalid conditions in caravans have been jailed for modern day slavery offences .
One victim , whose ordeal spanned more than 25 years , was made to dig their own grave .
The head of the family , Martin Rooney Senior , was jailed for 10 years , while two of their sons were each jailed for more than 15 years .
The traveller family were described as `` chilling in their mercilessness '' .
More on this and other stories from across Lincolnshire
The case at Nottingham Crown Court was part of Lincolnshire Police 's Operation Pottery investigation , one of the largest investigations of its kind .
The Rooneys ' victims were beaten and left without running water or toilet facilities at the Drinsey Nook site in Lincolnshire .
Beaten , abused and made to dig own grave
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The sister of one of the victims says they were forced to dig their own grave
Sentencing Martin Rooney Senior , Timothy Spencer QC said : `` You brought up your sons in a criminal culture . ''
The judge also compared the squalid lives of the victims to the lavish lifestyle the family enjoyed .
`` It was like the gulf between medieval royalty and peasantry , '' they told him .
Image copyright Lincolnshire Police Image caption The head of the family Martin Rooney Senior was jailed for 10 years
Ch Supt Chris Davison , of Lincolnshire Police , said : `` The victims will never get the years back that were taken away from them but I hope this provides them with some comfort that justice has been served and demonstrates that we will do everything in our power to try and stop others suffering in the ways that they did . ''
Mr Davison said there were potentially other victims of modern slavery in the UK and that the force `` would not rest on this result '' .
`` We are exploring five active investigations and we will continue to put any victims at the very heart of our investigations , '' they added .
Police began operations against members of the Rooney family in September 2014 when seven warrants were executed in Lincolnshire , Nottinghamshire and London .
A number of victims were found and the UK Human Trafficking Centre concluded 18 men had been illegally brought to the sites .
The victims were all described as vulnerable adults , aged between 18 and 63 , who were often homeless and had been picked up by the defendants from across the UK .
Image copyright Lincolnshire Police Image caption The victims lived in squalor , police said
In one attack , a man was beaten with a shovel and left injured in a caravan for days for returning a car with no petrol .
The court also heard of one victim 's terrifying ordeal which spanned more than a quarter of a century .
On one occasion , they were made to dig their own grave if they did not agree to a lifetime of servitude .
Image copyright Lincolnshire Police Image caption The Rooneys ' victims were beaten at the Drinsey Nook site in Lincolnshire
Judge Spencer also spoke of how the family used food as a means of control over their victims .
`` They knew if they wanted to eat , they had to stay at Drinsey Nook , '' they said .
`` None of the men , in my judgement , were ever truly free to leave at all . ''
`` You stripped them of dignity and humanity and confined them to a life of drudgery '' .
Image copyright Lincolnshire Police Image caption Bridget Rooney was told they had the power to stop what was happening but chose to ignore it
In a statement which was read in court , one victim said `` life with the Rooneys was a living hell '' .
Judge Spencer told Bridget Rooney , described as the matriarch of the family , they had `` the power to stop this '' .
They were jailed for seven years .
The 11 convicted are :
John Rooney , 31 , of Drinsey Nook , Sheffield Road , Saxilby - Jailed for 15 years and six months for conspiracy to require a person to perform forced or compulsory labour , conspiracy to defraud , fraud by false representation , two counts of theft
Patrick Rooney , 31 , of Drinsey Nook , Sheffield Road , Saxilby - Jailed for 15 years and nine months for conspiracy to require a person to perform forced or compulsory labour , fraud by abuse of position , assault occasioning actual bodily harm , two counts of theft
Bridget Rooney , 55 , of Drinsey Nook , Sheffield Road , Saxilby - Jailed for seven years for conspiracy to require a person to perform forced or compulsory labour
Martin Rooney , 57 , of Drinsey Nook , Sheffield Road , Saxilby - Jailed for 10 years and nine months for conspiracy to require a person to perform forced or compulsory labour , unlawful wounding
Martin Rooney , 23 , of Drinsey Nook , Sheffield Road , Saxilby - Jailed for six years and nine months for conspiracy to require a person to perform forced or compulsory labour , assault occasioning actual bodily harm
John Rooney , 53 , of Chantry Croft , Pontefract - Jailed for five years and 10 months for two counts of conspiracy to require a person to perform forced or compulsory labour
Peter Doran , 36 , of Washingborough Road , Lincoln - Jailed for six years for conspiracy to require a person to perform forced or compulsory labour
Gerard Rooney , 46 , of Washingborough Road , Lincoln - Jailed for six years for conspiracy to require a person to perform forced or compulsory labour
Lawrence Rooney , 47 , of no fixed address - Currently serving a five year prison sentence and once complete , will serve another six years for conspiracy to require a person to perform forced or compulsory labour
Martin Rooney , 35 , of Sainfoin Farm , Gatemoor Lane , Beaconsfield received a two year suspended sentence for two years
Patrick Rooney , 54 , of Sainfoin Farm , Gatemoor Lane , Beaconsfield received a 12 month suspended sentence for two years
Two others , Eileen Rooney , 32 , of Drinsey Nook , Sheffield Road , Saxilby and Nora Rooney , 31 , of the same address , were both acquitted .
Image caption Janine Smith , from the Crown Prosecution Service , paid tribute to the victims
Speaking outside court after sentencing , Janine Smith , from the Crown Prosecution Service , said the sentences `` reflect the level of exploitation , control and violence they exhibited and the betrayal of those they condemned to forced labour and the people they defrauded '' .
They added : `` I hope that seeing their abusers imprisoned will be of some comfort to them and will be a suitable acknowledgement of their courage in giving evidence . ''
The word ai n't is a contraction for am not , is not , are not , has not , and have not in the common English language vernacular . In some dialects ai n't is also used as a contraction of do not , does not , and did not . The development of ai n't for the various forms of to be not , to have not , and to do not occur independently , at different times . The usage of ai n't for the forms of to be not was established by the mid-18th century , and for the forms of to have not by the early 19th century .
The usage of ai n't is a continuing subject of controversy in English . Ai n't is commonly used by many speakers in oral and informal settings , especially in certain regions and dialects . Its usage is often highly stigmatized , and it can be used by the general public as a marker of low socio-economic or regional status or education level . Its use is generally considered non-standard by dictionaries and style guides except when used for rhetorical effect .
Etymology [ edit ]
Ai n't has several antecedents in English , corresponding to the various forms of to be not and to have not that ai n't contracts . The development of ai n't for to be not and to have not is a diachronic coincidence ; [ 1 ] in other words , they were independent developments at different times .
Contractions of to be not [ edit ]
Am n't as a contraction of am not is known from 1618 . [ 2 ] As the `` mn '' combination of two nasal consonants is disfavoured by many English speakers , the `` m '' of am n't began to be elided , reflected in writing with the new form a n't . [ 3 ] Are n't as a contraction for are not first appeared in 1675 . [ 4 ] In non-rhotic dialects , are n't lost its `` r '' sound , and began to be pronounced as a n't . [ 5 ]
A n't ( sometimes a'n't ) arose from am not and are not almost simultaneously . A n't first appears in print in the work of English Restoration playwrights . [ 6 ] In 1695 a n't was used as a contraction of `` am not '' , in William Congreve 's play Love for Love : `` I can hear you farther off , I a n't deaf '' . [ 7 ] But as early as 1696 Sir John Vanbrugh uses a n't to mean `` are not '' in The Relapse : `` Hark thee shoemaker ! These shoes a n't ugly , but they do n't fit me '' . [ 8 ]
A n't for is not may have developed independently from its use for am not and are not . Is n't was sometimes written as i n't or e n't , which could have changed into a n't . A n't for is not may also have filled a gap as an extension of the already-used conjugations for to be not . [ 6 ] Jonathan Swift used a n't to mean is not in Letter 19 of their Journal to Stella ( 1710–13 ) : It a n't my fault , 't is Patrick 's fault ; pray now do n't blame Presto . [ 9 ]
A n't with a long `` a '' sound began to be written as ai n't , which first appears in writing in 1749 . [ 10 ] By the time ai n't appeared , a n't was already being used for am not , are not , and is not . [ 6 ] A n't and ai n't coexisted as written forms well into the nineteenth century—Charles Dickens used the terms interchangeably , as in Chapter 13 , Book the Second of Little Dorrit ( 1857 ) : `` ' I guessed it was you , Mr Pancks '' , said she , 'for it 's quite your regular night ; ai n't it ? ... A n't it gratifying , Mr Pancks , though ; really ? ' '' . In the English lawyer William Hickey 's memoirs ( 1808–1810 ) , ai n't appears as a contraction of are n't ; `` thank God we 're all alive , ai n't we ... '' [ 11 ]
Contractions of to have not [ edit ]
Ha n't or ha'n't , an early contraction for has not and have not , developed from the elision of the `` s '' of has not and the `` v '' of have not . [ 6 ] Ha n't appeared in the work of English Restoration playwrights , [ 6 ] as in The Country Wife ( 1675 ) by William Wycherley : Gentlemen and Ladies , ha n't you all heard the late sad report / of poor Mr . Horner . [ 12 ] Much like a n't , ha n't was sometimes pronounced with a long `` a '' , yielding hai n't . With H-dropping , the `` h '' of ha n't or hai n't gradually disappeared in most dialects , and became ai n't . [ 6 ]
Ai n't as a contraction for has not/have not first appeared in dictionaries in the 1830s , and appeared in 1819 in Niles ' Weekly Register : Strike ! Why I ai n't got nobody here to strike .... [ 13 ] Charles Dickens likewise used ai n't to mean have n't in Chapter 28 of Martin Chuzzlewit ( 1844 ) : `` You ai n't got nothing to cry for , bless you ! He 's righter than a trivet ! `` [ 14 ]
Like with a n't , ha n't and ai n't were found together late into the nineteenth century , as in Chapter 12 of Dickens ' Our Mutual Friend : `` 'Well , have you finished ? ' asked the strange man . 'No , ' said Riderhood , ' I ai n't ' .... 'You sir ! You ha n't said what you want of me . ' '' [ 15 ]
Contractions of to do not [ edit ]
Ai n't meaning did n't is widely considered a feature unique to African American Vernacular English , [ 16 ] although it can be found in some dialects of Caribbean English as well . [ 17 ] It may function not as a true variant of did n't , but as a creole-like tense-neutral negator ( sometimes termed `` generic ai n't '' ) . [ 16 ] Its origin may have been due to approximation when early African Americans acquired English as a second language ; it is also possible that early African Americans inherited this variation from colonial European-Americans , and later kept the variation when it largely passed out of wider usage . Ai n't is rarely attested for the present-tense constructions do not or does not .
Linguistic characteristics [ edit ]
Linguistically , ai n't is formed by the same rule that English speakers use to form are n't and other contractions of auxiliary verbs . [ 3 ] Most linguists consider usage of ai n't to be grammatical , as long as its users convey their intended meaning to their audience . [ 18 ] In other words , a sentence such as `` She ai n't got no sense '' is grammatical because it generally follows a native speaker 's word order , and because a native speaker would recognize the meaning of that sentence . [ 19 ] Linguists draw a distinction , however , between grammaticality and acceptability : what may be considered grammatical across all dialects may nevertheless be considered not acceptable in certain dialects or contexts . [ 20 ] The usage of ai n't is socially unacceptable in some situations . [ 21 ]
Functionally , ai n't has operated in part to plug what is known as the `` am n't gap '' – the anomalous situation in standard English whereby there are standard contractions for other forms of to be not ( are n't for are not , and is n't for is not ) , but no standard contraction for am not . Historically , ai n't has filled the gap where one might expect am n't , even in contexts where other uses of ai n't were disfavored . [ 22 ] Standard dialects that regard ai n't as non-standard often substitute are n't for am not in tag questions ( e.g. , `` I 'm doing okay , are n't I ? `` ) , while leaving the `` am n't gap '' open in declarative statements . [ 23 ]
Prescription and stigma [ edit ]
Ai n't has been called `` the most stigmatized word in the language '' , [ 24 ] as well as `` the most powerful social marker '' in English . [ 25 ] It is a prominent example in English of a shibboleth – a word used to determine inclusion in , or exclusion from , a group . [ 24 ]
Historically , this was not the case . For most of its history , ai n't was acceptable across many social and regional contexts . Throughout the 17th , 18th , and 19th centuries , ai n't and its predecessors were part of normal usage for both educated and uneducated English speakers , and was found in the correspondence and fiction of , among others , Jonathan Swift , Lord Byron , Henry Fielding , and George Eliot . [ 26 ] For Victorian English novelists William Makepeace Thackeray and Anthony Trollope , the educated and upper classes in 19th century England could use ai n't freely , but in familiar speech only . [ 27 ] Ai n't continued to be used without restraint by many upper middle class speakers in southern England into the beginning of the 20th century . [ 28 ] [ 29 ]
Ai n't was a prominent target of early prescriptivist writers . In the 18th and early 19th centuries , some writers began to propound the need to establish a `` pure '' or `` correct '' form of English . [ 30 ] Contractions in general were disapproved of , but ai n't and its variants were seen as particularly `` vulgar '' . [ 24 ] This push for `` correctness '' was driven mainly by the middle class , which led to an incongruous situation in which non-standard constructions continued to be used by both lower and upper classes , but not by the middle class . [ 27 ] [ 31 ] The reason for the strength of the prescription against ai n't is not entirely clear .
The strong prescription against ai n't in standard English has led to many misconceptions , often expressed jocularly ( or ironically ) , as `` ai n't a word '' or `` ai n't in the dictionary . `` [ 32 ] Ai n't is listed in most dictionaries , including the Oxford Dictionary of English [ 33 ] and Merriam-Webster . [ 34 ] However , Oxford states `` it does not form part of standard English and should never be used in formal or written contexts '' , [ 33 ] and Merriam-Webster states it is `` widely disapproved as non-standard and more common in the habitual speech of the less educated '' . [ 34 ]
Webster 's Third New International Dictionary , published in 1961 , went against then-standard practice when it included the following usage note in its entry on ai n't : `` though disapproved by many and more common in less educated speech , used orally in most parts of the U.S. by many cultivated speakers esp . in the phrase ai n't I . `` [ 35 ] Many commentators disapproved of the dictionary 's relatively permissive attitude toward the word , which was inspired , in part , by the belief of its editor , Philip Gove , that `` distinctions of usage were elitist and artificial '' . [ 36 ]
Regional usage and dialects [ edit ]
Ai n't is found throughout the English-speaking world across regions and classes , [ 37 ] and is among the most pervasive nonstandard terms in English . [ 38 ] It is one of two negation features ( the other being the double negative ) that are known to appear in all nonstandard English dialects . [ 39 ] Ai n't is used throughout the United Kingdom , with its geographical distribution increasing over time . [ 40 ] It is also found throughout the United States , including in Appalachia , the South , New England , the Mid-Atlantic , and the Upper Midwest . [ 25 ] In its geographical ubiquity , ai n't is to be contrasted with other folk usages such as y'all , which is confined to the South region of the United States . [ 41 ]
In England , ai n't is generally considered a non-standard usage , as it is used by speakers of a lower socio-economic class , or by educated people in an informal manner . [ 42 ] In the nineteenth century , ai n't was often used by writers to denote regional dialects such as Cockney English . [ 43 ] A notable exponent of the term is Cockney flower girl Eliza Doolittle from George Bernard Shaw 's play Pygmalion ; `` I ai n't done nothing wrong by speaking to the gentleman '' said Doolittle . [ 44 ] Ai n't is a non-standard feature commonly found in mainstream Australian English , [ 45 ] and in New Zealand , ai n't is a feature of Māori-influenced English . [ 46 ] In American English , usage of ai n't corresponds to a middle level of education , [ 42 ] although it is widely believed that its use establishes of lack of education or social standing in the speaker . [ 47 ]
The usage of ai n't in the southern United States is distinctive , however , in the continued usage of the word by well-educated , cultivated speakers . [ 48 ] Ai n't is in common usage of educated Southerners . [ 49 ] In the South , the use of ai n't can be used as a marker to separate cultured speakers from those who lack confidence in their social standing and thus avoid its use entirely . [ 50 ]
ai n't for rhetorical effect An American propaganda poster from World War II , usingfor rhetorical effect
Rhetorical and popular usage [ edit ]
Ai n't can be used in both speech and writing to catch attention and to give emphasis , as in `` Ai n't that a crying shame '' , or `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary gives an example from film critic Richard Schickel : `` the wackiness of movies , once so deliciously amusing , ai n't funny anymore . `` [ 51 ] It can also be used deliberately for what The Oxford Dictionary of American Usage and Style describes as `` tongue-in-cheek '' or `` reverse snobbery '' . [ 52 ] Star baseball pitcher Dizzy Dean , a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame and later a popular announcer , once said , `` A lot of people who do n't say ai n't , ai n't eatin ' . `` [ 53 ]
Although ai n't is seldom found in formal writing , it is frequently used in more informal written settings , such as popular song lyrics . In genres such as traditional country music , blues , rock n ' roll , and hip-hop , lyrics often include nonstandard features such as ai n't . [ 54 ] This is principally due to the use of such features as markers of `` covert identity and prestige '' . [ 54 ]
Ai n't is standard in some fixed phrases , such as `` You ai n't seen nothing yet '' .
Notable usage [ edit ]
`` You Ai n't Heard Nothing Yet '' , 1919
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Beer reportedly poisoned with crocodile bile kills 69
MAPUTO , Mozambique — Mozambique 's government declared three days of mourning starting Monday after 69 people died from drinking contaminated traditional beer at a funeral over the weekend .
Northeast Tete province Health , Women and Social Welfare Director Paula Bernardo said Monday that 196 others have been admitted to hospitals there .
“ People flocked to the hospital , suffering from diarrhea and muscle pain , ” Bernardo told Radio Mozambique . “ Then bodies from various neighborhoods were brought to the hospital , and this alerted us . ”
The government issued a statement Sunday night to declare the three days of mourning . District health officials on Sunday evening had put the death toll at 56 , with 49 hospitalized .
Pombe , a traditional Mozambican beer , is made from millet or corn flour . The exact source of the contamination is still unknown , but authorities believe the drink was poisoned with crocodile bile during the course of a funeral on Saturday .
Police are investigating the incident .
Blood and traditional beer samples were sent to the capital Maputo to be tested , said provincial health director Carle Mosse .
“ We are waiting for the results of the tests of the samples being done at Maputo Central Hospital so that we can identify the type of the product put into the drink , ” said Mosse .
Authorities are collecting clothing , food and coffins for the bereaved families .
EMMANUEL CAMILLO , Associated Press
By Miguel Rivera
Negotiations are advanced for the rematch , and all indications are that Leo Santa Cruz and Abner Mares will have an agreement to meet again on September 9 at a venue to be defined in the state of California , although it sounds for now that it 's heading to Los Angeles .
A source close to both Mexican boxers spoke with ESPN Deportes and said some of the details are lacking , but the the negotiations are advanced for the date of September 9 .
Santa Cruz is coming back from one of the biggest wins of their career , a decision over Carl Frampton in their rematch which took place in Las Vegas back in January . The win helped Santa Cruz reclaim the WBA featherweight title - which Frampton initially took from Santa Cruz by winning their first bout in June 2016 in Brooklyn .
Meanwhile , Mares returns from dethroning Jesus Cuellar to capture the WBA 's `` regular '' version of the featherweight title , in a fight which took place last December .
The victory also made Mares the mandatory challenger to Santa Cruz - and the World Boxing Association ordered the two of them to face each other in order to establish a single WBA world champion at 126-pounds .
At first , the WBA gave Santa Cruz a few weeks to discuss the possibility of a trilogy bout with Frampton - but when Santa Cruz refused to travel over to Frampton 's backyard of Northern Ireland , the WBA issued their order .
In their first encounter between Santa Cruz and Mares , which took place on August 29 , 2015 , the two boxers went to war for twelve rounds at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . After the smoke had cleared , Santa Cruz walked away with a twelve round majority decision .
Santa Cruz has a record of 33-1-1 and 18 knockouts . The sole defeat at the hands of Frampton . For their part , Mares has a record of 30-2-1 and 15 knockouts - with the two defeats coming to Santa Cruz and Jhonny Gonzalez .
This job market is rough for all job seekers . Making the right impression with your resume is key to getting hired . You may have as little as 7 seconds to impress the employer looking at your resume . Buy your resume more time by cutting away the fluff and focusing on the right soft skills instead . Here are the soft skills your resume needs and the ones that need to be replaced .
The Right Stuff :
Let 's start off by examining the soft skills that this LinkedIn survey identifies as the top soft skills that employers prefer on a resume that will get you hired .
1 . Communication - Communication abilities are foremost in the minds of hiring managers and recruiters . CNBC says , “ Success in business , as tech-focused as it 's become , can still come down to people 's interactions with each other. ” You need to make sure you are good at connecting with other and relaying information effectively to get hired in today 's job market .
2 . Organization - Employers are interested in candidates who can stay on top of their work through their organizational skills . Companies benefit from organization and well organized employees . Improve your ability to keep things organized to get ahead in your job search .
3 . Teamwork - Organizations are built on people working together . Companies need employees that work as team players to be successful . The Balance says , “ this means not only being cooperative , but also displaying strong leadership skills when necessary. ” Focus on your ability to work as a teammate with others to take your resume to the next level .
4 . Punctuality - When a company invests in a new hire , they want to know that their new employee is going to show up on time . When you are late to work , you waste your coworkers ' , and the company 's , time . In this job market , show companies that you care about their success by being punctual and you will land the job you want .
5 . Critical Thinking - Employers do n't want to hire candidates that take information at face value . They want employees who will analyze the information and find creative new ways to use it . TopResume says that critical thinkers “ do n't assume that the information provided to them is complete. ” Organizations need to improve to stay successful . They want to hire innovators , so feature critical thinking on your resume to land that perfect job .
The Fluff
Now that we have gone over the relevant and important soft skills your resume needs , let 's address those fluff skills that are just wasting space . Everything on your resume needs to make a strong impression , so cut the fluff to make room for those skills that you really need . These are the soft skills that employers valued the least on candidate 's resumes .
1. Business Planning - The first soft skill you can delete from your resume is business planning . Employers are n't interested in your business planning abilities . They prefer to know that you are organized and have general planning abilities rather than business planning skills .
2 . Cross-Functional Team Leadership - Cross-functional team leadership may seem like an impressive skill to include on your resume , but that is n't the case . Hiring managers want to know that you can work in a team , not about your ability to lead multidimensional teams . Cut the cross-functional team leadership and exchange it for your teamwork skills .
In today 's job market , employers want adaptable , generally skilled candidates . Skip the specialized skills that wo n't help you get ahead .
3 . Emotional Intelligence - It may be tempting to include emotional intelligence on your resume , but recruiters would prefer to see communication skills . Sure it 's nice to be able to understand other 's emotions , but employers want to know how well you can use that to communicate and help their organization . Leave emotional intelligence off your resume to get the results you want .
4 . Team Building - Another skill that employers do n't value in today 's market is team building . Employers want to know how you can interact and work with others , not your ability to create a team . Focus on why you have those team building skills and leave this ability off your resume .
5 . Coaching - Coaching is another leadership ability that candidates love to include on their resume , but hiring managers are n't impressed . Coaching is too specific , employers want to know your abilities with others more generally . Skip coaching and delve into your other skills instead to make your resume more successful .
In today 's job market , employers want adaptable , generally skilled candidates . You do n't need to be an expert coach or cross-functional team leader , you need to be an open and effective communicator . You do n't need to build-teams , you need to be a good teammate and work well with others . If you 're looking for ways for your resume to make the best impression , take the time to replace fluffy soft skills with the abilities that today 's employers want .
A statue resembling Merlin sits atop a pillar in Section E of Forest Home Cemetery , where members of the Ancient Order of the Druids are buried . ( Courtesy Forest Home Cemetery )
By Tom Holmes
Much of the imagery associated with Halloween has to do with cemeteries , and Forest Park has a lot of them . The Encyclopedia of Chicago published by Newberry Library , credits cemeteries as the first economic engines of Forest Park and lists the cemetery business as the town 's `` main industry . ''
Everybody knows that , but did you know how many corpses are `` residents '' of the village which used to be called Harlem ? Estimates are that about 200,000 souls are at rest north of Madison Street in Forest Park .
Laurel McMahon , a River Forest resident , loves Forest Home Cemetery . They helped write the definitive guide : Nature 's Choicest Spot , A Guide to Forest Home and German Waldheim Cemeteries . McMahon is planning their own burial in Forest Home and has a wealth of stories about the graveyard which reveal an interesting and sometimes poignant look at the village 's past .
Forest Home Cemetery is the final resting place for a widely diverse group of people . Everybody knows that , but did you know that the largest section of the cemetery devoted to a single group is Section E , in which every grave is home to a member of the Ancient Order of the Druids fraternal organization ( or a member of a `` Druid 's '' family ) . The landmark for the section is a monument topped with a thoughtful looking statue resembling Merlin .
Fittingly around Halloween , the roots of the holiday we celebrate on Oct. 31 come from the druidic ancient Celtic culture . A 2013 article in the New York Times contains the following quote from Ellen Evert Hopeman , a 62 year old Druid priestess and scholar : `` Samhain is Halloween . Halloween is Samhain . ''
Forest Home Cemetery has a Roma or Gypsy section right near the entrance on Desplaines Ave. Everybody knows that , but did you know that Roma graves are also scattered throughout the grounds ? According to McMahon , Forest Home until the 1950s was the only final resting place for Gypsies in the entire Midwest . `` If you know what names to look for , '' they said , `` you can find them west of the river as well . ''
Oak Park has been a leader during the last fifty years in creating and sustaining a multicultural community , but did you know that it was the predecessors of Forest Home Cemetery which almost 150 years ago broke down restrictive rules regarding where folks could `` reside '' after they died ?
McMahon pointed out that 40-50 percent of Americans in the middle of the 19th Century belonged to at least one fraternal organization like the Masonic Lodge . `` Fraternal organizations were wildly popular with the first and second generation Germans who settled in this area , '' they said . `` They found a sense of community with people who spoke their language and shared their culture . ''
The problem was that the Lutheran and Catholic cemeteries which existed at the time would not allow fraternal symbols to be displayed on gravestones .
So , when Ferdinand Haase sold a parcel of land in 1873 to the group which founded Waldheim Cemetery , the decision was made to allow fraternal symbols to be displayed . Bernard Roos , the first superintendant of Waldheim , was Lutheran themselves but nevertheless upheld the policy that everyone was welcome .
McMahon said , `` That 's why I find this cemetery to be so fascinating . When you enter a Christian cemetery , you pretty much know what symbols and phrases to expect will be on the tombstones , but not in Forest Home . ''
Forest Home became the final resting place of some people , famous and infamous , who were denied burial anywhere else . Mobsters , mob enforcers , serial killers and murderers were welcomed , no questions asked .
Norwegian landlady and serial killer Belle Gunness ( 1859 -1908 ) was supposedly buried there – or a woman whose remains were found in their burned Indiana farm . Adolph Luetgert , ( 1845-1899 ) the `` Sausage Vat Killer , '' was accused in the disappearance of their young wife and the discovery of their wedding ring in a sausage vat .
The whole world seems to be worried about Ebola , and some Americans want to limit or even restrict , entrance into this country by people from West Africa . Everybody knows that , but did you know that when there was a small pox epidemic in 1880-81 , Forest Home accepted for burial victims of that disease who were barred from burial in cemeteries in and around Chicago ?
`` They are buried in a big grassy area near the expressway , '' said McMahon , `` and the graves are not marked . People were dying so quickly and many of their families did not have the wherewithall to buy a stone . ''
Forest Home/ German Waldheim also buried people who died in the 1918 influenza epidemic and victims of the Iroquois Theater Fire in 1903 .
Thousands of people drive right by Forest Home Cemetery on their daily commute . Everybody knows that , but did you know that when the Eisenhower Expressway was being constructed in the 1950s , its completion was delayed by two years because 2000 graves from Forest Home and Concordia Cemeteries had to be dug up and moved , each move requiring family members to be tracked down and notified ?
McMahon mused on the diversity of people interred in Forest Home . They said that their ancestors were German and those of their husband Dennis were Irish and that the cultural differences between the `` beer drinkers and the whiskey drinkers caused a lot of stress and antagonism . ''
The irony , call it bitter or sweet , is that it was in their final resting place that they were all welcome .
Google Play Music became the default music player on the Galaxy S8 when it launched back in April . Now the service has launched a device-exclusive feature for the flagship Android smartphone .
According to Android Authority , Google has launched New Release Radio — a feature similar to Spotify 's Release Radar — for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus . New Release Radio will show you a personalized mix of new music updated on a daily basis .
New Release Radio is a nice addition if you 're already a Google Play Music subscriber , but whether this will be enough to entice Galaxy users to switch from Spotify or Apple Music seems doubtful . Google will have to keep the updates rolling out to Google Play Music — and eventually bring them to more than just the Galaxy S8 — to convince more people to make the switch .
2
n mot de vos éditeurs
Matthew Cormier
Le problème est contenu dans ce paradoxe
: il y en a de vous qui ont quelque chose à dire , mais pas de moyen de le com- muniquer ; et il y en a trop d'autres qui n'ont rien à dire , mais tous les moyens possibles de communiquer . Notre culture d'Acadie ur- baine est donc devenue plasée , gée à sa surface . C'est ça que c'est , Beûgle – tout cet excès de créavité qui s'amasse dans les gouères et qui se retrouve dans l'égout de la ville , comme un véritable réservoir de talent et d'imagination . Nous avons marre de patiner sur ce lac de ressource
s
gelé
es
; nous voulons fracasser la glace pour retrouver le mouvement qui s ' y retrouve en dessous .
Notre but avec cee revue n'est pas de changer le monde , mais de simplement vous donner un
choix
, une alternave à cet
art de surface
: vous ne voyez au quodien que le visage de cee ville , de son soue lors des mans qui se refroidissent ; nous , on vous montre son cœur et ses poumons , les mécanismes qui se cachent en dessous d'une chair en besoin de restauraon . C'est tout .
Vous êtes toutes et tous libres de choisir vos cheminements arsques person- nels – c'est ça la beauté de l'art et de la vie , la liberté d'expression . Nous , on vous rap- pelle justement que «
cheminements
» est au pluriel et que vous avez , en eet , toujours un choix . Nous l'assurons .
Cela dit , allez
-
y de bon cœur et avec une erté indomptable . Surtout , n'arrêtez jamais de beûgler .
Matthew Cormier
Marc Chamberlain
When I rst thought up the concept of beginning an urban magazine called Beûgle in January of 2014 , I was an average student at the Université de Moncton trying , quite unsuccessful- ly , to be a published poet . Since I was n't really producing poetry at the quality or rate I hoped for , a venture into producing some form of cultur- ally
-
conscious alternave magazine seemed to me to be a prey good idea . The name I had chosen for the revue was prey bad ass , too . Now , seven months later , I 'm sll an aver- age university student , I sll do n't write as much as I would like , but Beûgle is nally seeing the light of day . What began as a possibility has nally sprung forth as reality . And that , friends , is the reason for this magazine : to oer a medium to anyone , regardless of age or language or back- ground , to funnel their energies into a work which thrives on the noon of change through possibil- ity , without dwelling on the possibility of change . To pool a vast array of talent , concerns , dissas- facons and epiphanies into the pages of a single unabashed publicaon ; to allow a pedestal to those who otherwise have no connecons or es to the already established hierarchy of cultural shape
-
shifting outlets towering throughout the
C
ity of Moncton . There are those among us who long for such a dais to step onto in order to call
-
out the frail swaying of a certain star
-
stamped blue
-
white
-
and
-
redded ag , while others drape themselves with this same moth
-
eaten thing ; but what 's the point if we just keep recycling the same old idols , holding them up to ourselves as we say `` Voilà ! '' It 's like holding a mirror before a mirror ; it looks cool , but who 's looking ? Je beûgle , tu beûgles , il beûgle ...
by Sunny Hundal
Greens take a 10 point lead over Labour and an 8 point lead over the Conservatives in their target constituency of Brighton Pavilion according to the latest ICM Research telephone opinion poll .
Headline results
1 . The Greens have the greatest support with 35 % of the constituency 's voters followed by the Conservatives on 27 % , Labour on 25 % and LibDems on 11 % .1
2 . Almost two thirds ( 63 % ) of Labour and Lib Dem voters in the sample said that they would be likely to switch their vote to the Greens if that party was best placed to stop a Conservative win .
37 % said they were very likely and 26 % said they were quite likely to switch their vote in that situation .
…more by Derek Wall at Another Green World
It is the first publicly released standard-size constituency opinion poll of local voters .
Also : See press release by Green Party
It was the kind of moment that used to make Republicans think : Senator Marco Rubio will not have to suffer this job for long .
They glared at Rex W. Tillerson , the nominee for secretary of state , from behind their committee nameplate , their boyish face just a pinch more weathered than it used to be . They checked off the grievous offenses of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia with prosecutorial zeal , pressing Mr. Tillerson to brand Mr. Putin a war criminal and acknowledge the mysterious deaths of their political opponents .
When Mr. Tillerson equivocated , saying they hoped to learn more once they could receive classified information , Mr. Rubio 's retort was the stuff of a thousand cable news replays .
“ None of this is classified , Mr. Tillerson , ” the senator said flatly . “ These people are dead . ”
With that exchange and two others later in Mr. Tillerson 's rocky nine-hour confirmation hearing last week , Mr. Rubio , 45 , reintroduced themselves to the legislative body they had hoped , not so long ago , to leave behind for good .
The Houston Rockets Fan Shop
Packed with apparel and accessories for rookie and seasoned fans alike , the Houston Rockets Fan Shop is your 1-stop shop to score Houston Rockets jerseys , headwear , socks and more . Mix and match your favorite pieces to create the perfect game-day look for you and the rest of the family . T-shirts , jackets , tank tops , sweats and other Houston Rockets apparel showcase your team spirit in and out of the stadium , and Houston Rockets Fan Shop accessories like baseball hats , beanies and socks make great accents . Browse Houston Rockets jerseys with specific player graphics that let you show some pride for your hardwood heroes . They 're great for wearing , gifting to fellow fans and mounting alongside your other Houston Rockets memorabilia at home .
Houston Rockets Gear For Every Occasion
From Houston Rockets gear you can wear to accessories for your tailgating events , the Houston Rockets Fan Shop has it all . Check out the selection of Houston Rockets tumblers and beverage insulators that help keep your favorite drinks ice cold and Houston Rockets collectibles like blankets , decals , flags and license plates that show everyone you 're a fan at home or on the road . You can tote your gym gear in sturdy Houston Rockets backpacks and duffel bags and reenact your favorite moments from the game with basketballs and hoop sets decorated with bold team graphics . Find the Houston Rockets gear for you at the NBA Fan Shop .
Marvel
Between Doctor Strange ‘ s decent critical and box office success , and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 ‘ s new Super Bowl LI trailer , the Marvel Studios juggernaut shows no signs of slowing down . Yet the forthcoming Captain Marvel movie has produced little in the way of updates since Brie Larson 's casting news was followed by the announcement of release date delays . What gives ?
According to co-screenwriter Nicole Perlman , who worked on early drafts of James Gunn 's Guardians of the Galaxy , they and partner Meg LeFauve “ did n't have our marching orders until recently , ” per a piece in The Hollywood Reporter . Speaking on the Great Big Beautiful Podcast , Perlman described Marvel Studios as a “ house of cards ” since “ everything influences everything around it even if its very modular. ” In other words , the 14 movies preceding the second Guardians film have made “ figuring out where the story fits in the MCU ” rather complex .
This means both continuity and individuality are high on Perlman and LeFauve 's to-do list for the Captain Marvel screenplay . For while Carol Danvers will be the first major female hero to get their own film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , the studio does n't just want to repeat itself :
“ She 's an incredible character , but I will also say that since Marvel has done so many movies already , you really have to go out of your way to make sure their story is fresh and does n't borrow too heavily from the other films , ” they said . “ She 's an incredibly strong and wonderful hero , but all the Marvel characters are . So you just need to figure out how to bring them to life in a way that 's unique to their story but in a way that honors the canon and also gearing out the roles that they need to play with everything that 's going on in the MCU . ”
Perlman admits earlier films , like Gunn 's first Guardians , were “ very free ” compared to the studio 's current and upcoming productions . Yet the fact that they and LeFauve are tasked with “ writing the first female Marvel Studios lead ” makes the project that much harder . “ There are things you would n't think twice about Iron Man , ” they explained , “ but you would think twice about for Captain Marvel . ”
Captain Marvel is currently set to hit theaters March , 8 2019 .
( Via TheHollywood Reporter )
Russia 's agriculture watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor will implement a ban on all fruits and vegetables imported from Poland beginning August 1 , an aide from the department told RIA Novosti on Wednesday .
MOSCOW , July 30 ( RIA Novosti ) - Russia 's agriculture watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor will implement a ban on all fruits and vegetables imported from Poland beginning August 1 , an aide from the department told RIA Novosti on Wednesday .
“ We made the decision to impose a limitation on the import of practically all fruits and vegetables from Poland . This is in line with numerous breaches in certification and the detection of quarantined items , ” Alexei Alekseyenko said
Earlier on Tuesday , Alekseyenko said that it might decide to ban the import of cabbage from Poland because of quarantine issues .
According to Poland 's Economy Ministry , exports from Poland to Russia decreased by 7.7 percent in the first six months of 2014 and stood at $ 5 billion , while the export of fruits and vegetable , including apples , pears and tomatoes , dropped significantly .
On Monday , Rosselkhoznadzor said that Russia could impose limitations on the import of fruits from EU member states due to the detection of quarantined items .
UPDATE ( Nov. 6 4:32 p.m. ) : Bakersfield Police said the victim in the officer-involved shooting on Saturday was a suspect in a shooting from that night .
BPD also said the firearm that was found at the shooting scene was determined to be a stolen KCSO firearm .
RELATED : Victim in officer-involved shooting was a shooting suspect , missing KCSO gun found on scene
==========
UPDATE : ( 4:39 p.m. ) : The officer involved in the shooting has been identified as Warren Martin , the son of Bakersfield Police Chief Lyle Martin .
BPD says Chief Martin is aware of the shooting and has recused themselves from the investigation and the review process . Chief Martin has assigned Assistant Chief Greg Terry to oversee the investigation .
Officer Warren Martin has been employed at BPD for one year . Before BPD , they worked for the California State University-Bakersfield Police Department and the Kern County Sheriff 's Office .
=========
UPDATE ( 3:28 p.m. ) : Family has identified that the man who was killed as 20-year-old Augustus Joshua Crawford .
=========
UPDATE ( 4:52 a.m. ) : Bakersfield Police sent the following press release regarding the officer-involved shooting in south Bakersfield Saturday night .
`` On November 4 , 2017 at 10:47 p.m. , two Bakersfield Police Officers operating a two- officer patrol unit conducted a traffic stop on a vehicle at South H Street and Planz Road . As the vehicle stopped in the 1800 block of Planz Road an adult male passenger fled from the vehicle and led the officers on a foot pursuit . During the foot pursuit an officer involved shooting occurred . Medical aid was immediately requested and the suspect was transported to a local hospital where they later died as a result of their injuries . During a search , a firearm was located in the area of where the officer involved shooting occurred .
The investigation is ongoing and the name of the decedent will be released by the Kern County Coroner 's Office .
The officer that fired their weapon will be placed on routine administrative leave pending review by the critical incident review board .
Anyone with information regarding this investigation is asked to call Detective Brian West ( 661 ) 326-3813 , or the Bakersfield Police Department ( 661 ) 327-7111 . ''
UPDATE : ( 1:00 a.m. ) Bakersfield Police confirm one man is dead after an officer involved shooting in South Bakersfield Saturday night . Police say after conducting a traffic stop on Planz Road and South H. Street , a man exited their car and took off on foot . Police say after a short chase an officer-involved shooting occurred .
Check back for more details .
=============
Around 10:30 Saturday night , an officer from the Bakersfield Police Department was involved in a shooting in the area of Planz Road and South H Street .
At least one other person was involved , and their condition is unknown at this time .
Bakersfield Police confirm that the officer was not hurt in the incident .
Refresh this page for update on the latest regarding this incident .
A learner driver in Germany had a narrow escape on Monday when their car was crushed by a British tank .
The 18-year-old driver made the mistake of turning into a column of British tanks that were travelling through the small town of Augustdorf .
The British soldier at the controls of the tank behind them had no time to stop , but managed to turn so that they crushed the engine of the car , just avoiding the driver .
The 18-year-old woman , who has not been named under German privacy laws , escaped unharmed .
Them Toyota hatchback did not fare so well against the 62-tonne Challenger tank .
The car was completely flattened forward of the steering wheel .
The damage was estimated at €12,000 ( £8,500 ) .
Police cleared the 24-year-old British soldier driving the tank of any blame .
“ The soldier had no chance to slow down , ” a spokesperson told reporters .
The area where the accident took place is well known for tank convoys passing through .
British army bases at Herford and Paderborn are nearby , and it is used as a military training area by the German army and its Nato allies .
The name of the road could have provided the young driver with a clue : Panzerringstrasse translates as “ Tank Ring Road ” .
• British Armed Forces - by numbers
The incident is the second in Germany involving a British tank in recent months .
In February a tank based at Paderborn crashed into an elderly German couple 's front garden .
The driver had lost control after a problem with the tank 's tracks .
• 'Break up the RAF and stop buying British '
Northampton Saints has today announced that George North has put pen to paper on a new contract to stay at Franklin 's Gardens .
The announcement ends speculation over the future of the Welsh international and their re-signing is further great news for the club .
“ We 're delighted that George has decided to remain here at Franklin 's Gardens , ” said director of rugby Jim Mallinder . “ He is a proven world class performer , something they have shown over and over again in their time here .
“ Not only is they a top player , but they are a great person to have around the club . They are a positive and enthusiastic character who is very driven to improve . They are extremely dedicated both on and off the pitch and we look forward to them continuing to play and develop here . ”
North says that is enjoying their time in the East Midlands , adding : “ I am massively delighted to extend my time at the Gardens .
“ It has been a pleasure to play for this great club and for its fans , who are some of the best in rugby . It 's been a fantastic couple of years where we have enjoyed much success and is a hugely competitive environment where I can continue to develop and improve as a player .
“ I am looking forward to much more success working with a great bunch of players and coaches . ”
I just noticed that American Horror Story does n't do a ‘ previously on ' at the start of each episode , which means you can recall the season 's events as you remember them and not how the writers/producers/etc . want you to . Very refreshing . Smoldering Children focused on two very different love stories : Constance and Larry , and Violet and Tate . Questions were answered , hearts were broken and theories were completely shattered , so overall , it was the perfect episode to lead into the end of the season .
1994 was a big year for Larry , Addie , Tate and Constance : Tate 's father ran away when they were six and Constance wanted people to think that Hugo fled town with their mistress , which makes Hugo Tate 's dad….right ? Constance lost the house and got it back by living with Larry . Larry 's family really did burn themselves alive . He 's innocent , not of adultery and cruelty , but they are n't lying when they said they were lying about killing them . Make sense ? Tate is indeed Constance 's “ golden boy ” , so now we definitely know the fourth child is also deformed/disfigured . Tate did some drugs and dealt with some mommy issues by setting Larry on fire and heading off to school to kill their classmates . D.A.R.E . and Freud would have a field day with that one .
Ben believes Vivien was raped . Wait….since when ? ! Last week they were convinced they had an affair . They crossed their one and only suspect off the list and that 's it ?
Wait….since when ? ! Last week they were convinced they had an affair . They crossed their one and only suspect off the list and that 's it ? Detective Granger was played by Charles S. Dutton . I have n't looked at them the same since their role in Gothika .
I have n't looked at them the same since their role in Gothika . “ The colored section ? What on Earth would they be doing there ? ” Oh Constance .
Oh Constance . Larry provides Constance with human contact . Why ? Because I was wrong and Larry is alive .
Why ? Because I was wrong and Larry is alive . “ I never loved you . I endured you for the sake of my family . That is all. ” Another zinger from Constance , but this may have been the moment they screwed herself .
Another zinger from Constance , but this may have been the moment they screwed herself . “ Once I discovered that they had cheated , Hugo meant no more to me than dog shit. ” Seriously Constance ? You turned them into dog food ? Constance as the scorned lover who shoots their husband and their mistress makes sense . Constance as the crazy killer who grinds body parts into mush….does n't .
Seriously Constance ? You turned them into dog food ? Constance as the scorned lover who shoots their husband and their mistress makes sense . Constance as the crazy killer who grinds body parts into mush….does n't . Violet 's IQ is “ north of 150 ” . Ben may have just been bragging to make sure they got them into the school , but I believe she 's that smart .
Smoldering children…and wife . Larry 's daughters have started playing with Travis . Larry can see all of this , as well as their wife , because he 's ‘ ready ' and ‘ on the cusp ' . Does this mean Larry is about to die ? Or is they ‘ on the cusp ' of paying penance for what they did ?
Larry 's daughters have started playing with Travis . Larry can see all of this , as well as their wife , because he 's ‘ ready ' and ‘ on the cusp ' . Does this mean Larry is about to die ? Or is they ‘ on the cusp ' of paying penance for what they did ? Ben learns that Tate is Rubber Man . They probably wo n't remember or he 'll explain what happened with logic , like they do everything else .
They probably wo n't remember or he 'll explain what happened with logic , like they do everything else . “ Hi , I 'm Tate . I 'm dead . Want to hook up ? ” I saw a post on Reddit about two weeks ago that speculated Violet was dead . I did n't agree with the theory , but just like with Larry , I was wrong . Violet got Malcolm Crowe 'd . Tate wanted them to commit suicide on their own terms so that they would n't feel sad about their initial ( successful ) attempt . They came to terms with their death rather quickly , but they did n't look elated when Tate said they 'd be together forever . Also , how is this going to work when Ben and Vivien find out ?
I saw a post on Reddit about two weeks ago that speculated Violet was dead . I did n't agree with the theory , but just like with Larry , I was wrong . Violet got Malcolm Crowe 'd . Tate wanted them to commit suicide on their own terms so that they would n't feel sad about their initial ( successful ) attempt . They came to terms with their death rather quickly , but they did n't look elated when Tate said they 'd be together forever . Also , how is this going to work when Ben and Vivien find out ? Poor Larry . They admitted to a crime they did n't commit for a woman that does n't love him . However , that look in their eyes when Constance got up to leave makes me think it 'll be “ poor Constance ” by the end of the season .
Next Week : Birth
A lot of people ghosts want those twins . My theory ? Vivien dies and gets to keep both of them . Ben finds out Violet is dead after they lose their wife , so they kill himself .
Advertisements
Crimea is facing a crisis due to economic sanctions since it was annexed by Russia . The market is currently in desperate need of a solution which Bitcoin can readily provide until it stabilizes .
In the present day , how often do we use hard cash for transactions ? Not much , since it has been gradually replaced by plastic currency . Carrying around and making transactions with cards has become safer and more convenient than hard cash . But it has all changed in the Crimean Peninsula , a landmass on the northern coast of the Black Sea .
Crimea , formerly Ukrainian territory is now part of Russia since its annexation early last year . Russia 's annexation of Crimea followed by Ukrainian civil war has made Russia along with its Crimean territory a “ sanction magnet ” . It has been targeted with sanctions after sanctions by the former Western bloc nations including the US and EU . As a result , assets of important people and institutions in the region have been frozen . Leading card payment processors like MasterCard and Visa have stopped operating in Crimea , making hard cash the only mode of transaction .
It is a big blow for a place like Crimea , whose major portion of the economy depends significantly on tourism . Crimea is witnessing a fall in tourism as the number of visiting tourists has been reduced by over 60 percent due to sanctions and disturbance in the region . It is not feasible for tourists to carry hard cash with them , wherever they go . It has not just affected the tourists , but also the residents . The ATMs do not work , forcing people to visit their banks to withdraw or deposit money .
Now , this situation presents a very attractive opportunity to adopt bitcoin as an alternative means of transaction , especially after the speculation of Russia banning bitcoin has been temporarily put to rest . Adopting Bitcoin at this stage will prove to be a game changer with a potential of correcting the offset caused by the sanctions . Bitcoin transactions will enable people to use their mobile wallets instead of cards to pay for goods and services . Similarly , tourists do not have to carry hard cash , just enough Bitcoin in their digital wallet . Bitcoin will also reduce financial institutions in Crimea the burden of manually processing payments to the public .
As you read , the Russian Central Bank is working on including Crimea into National System of Payment Cards ( NSPC ) , which will take a couple of months . Visa and MasterCard are expected to resume their operations through NSPC , once implemented .
LAHAINA , Hawaii -- Baylor was n't about to become the latest upset at Maui despite the best efforts from Christophe Varidel .
Gary Franklin scored 22 points and the No . 18 Bears easily beat Division II Chaminade 93-77 on Monday night at the Maui Invitational , dominating in the second half after allowing the Silverswords 11 3-pointers in the first 20 minutes .
The Bears overcame a 42-point effort from Chaminade 's Varidel , who fell one point shy of the tournament record , set by Gonzaga 's Adam Morrison in a triple-overtime game in 2005 . Varidel 's 10 3-pointers tied another tournament record .
`` The first half , I kept thinking about the words 'Maui Magic ' because Christophe was definitely on fire , '' Baylor coach Scott Drew said .
Four players besides Franklin scored in double figures for the Bears ( 5-0 ) , who outscored the Silverswords by 13 points in the second half after going into halftime with a three-point lead , 50-47 .
`` We saw on film that they shoot the ball very well . We wanted to get out and contest every shot , '' Franklin said . `` We did n't expect it at all , but we made the adjustments we needed to win . ''
Cory Jefferson had 15 points and nine rebounds , including an alley-oop dunk and layup early in the second half that game Baylor its first double-digit lead over Chaminade ( 2-1 ) . Brady Heslip had 14 points , and Royce O'Neale added 12 .
Besides Varidel , nobody scored more than eight points for Chaminade and nobody had more than seven rebounds .
The 16-point win was Baylor 's most lopsided win so far this season .
Before transferring to Chaminade , Varidel was a bench player for three years for Florida Gulf Coast , including last season 's team that earned the nickname `` Dunk City '' for becoming the first 15-seed to get to the Sweet 16 . According to Chaminade , Varidel transferred `` because they wanted to experience life in Hawaii . '' Varidel became a popular topic on Twitter as they piled up 3-pointers in the first half .
`` I wanted them to have a shot . I just looked at them and asked them if they wanted to go back in , and they said yeah , '' Chaminade coach Eric Bovaird said . `` He could have said their knees were aching . ''
Baylor trailed for two stretches in a tournament built on big upsets . The Bears will play Dayton on Tuesday .
Lea Michele issued a statement via their reps Tuesday after the coroner announced their boyfriend Cory Monteith died of a mixture of heroin and alcohol .
“ Lea is deeply grateful for all the love and support they s received from family , friends , and fans . Since Cory s passing , Lea has been grieving alongside their family and making appropriate arrangements with them , ” reads the statement , obtained by PEOPLE exclusively .
“ They are supporting each other as they endure this profound loss together . We continue to ask the media to respect the privacy of Lea and Cory s family .
Monteith , 31 , whose body was found in a Vancouver hotel room over the weekend , died in what the coroner called a “ most-tragic accident . ”
The two stars of Glee dated for more than a year , and Michele , 26 , stood by their side when they voluntarily entered a month-long treatment program for substance addiction . They reunited after they were released .
PHOTOS : Cory & Lea : Their Love Story
RELATED : Lea Michele Seeks Privacy at This Time
RELATED : A Shocked Hollywood Reacts to Cory Monteith 's Death
EARLIER : Cory Monteith , 31 , Found Dead in Hotel Room
FLASHBACK : Watch Their Glee Audition Tape
Cory Monteith 's 11 Best Glee Performances
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This advice basically boils down to the single sentence : `` Dress like you 've got the job you want , or better . '' Which is fine , if you want to look like every other Johnny Bowtie or Sally Pantsuit . You can do better than that .
Turning out your pants pockets for an interview is also a no-no . Unconventional Advice : Look interesting You want your outfit to cause your interviewer to think , `` Holy shit , I bet this guy has some good stories . '' The daily grind of office life can get a bit boring , so having someone in the office who 's really knowledgeable about highway rest-stop culture or your town 's Malay machete fighting scene will add a real air of excitement to the work day . Here are some ideas for outfits that should give you an idea of the potential here :
Naked
Sandwich Board warning of doom/incredible savings
Covered in feces ( yours )
Covered in feces ( local politician 's )
Batman
Batman covered in feces ( yours )
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
_________By arriving 10 minutes early you show that you 're punctual , and respect your interviewer 's time . Of course , you get absolutely no bonus points for doing this , but do get to sit at the front of the office for 10 minutes like a dork , reading out of date trade magazines while the receptionist avoids making eye contact with you.By showing up for your interview way before any sane or law abiding person would , you demonstrate just how much you 're interested in this job ; an interest which clearly transcends all norms of sanity or legality ( Warning : this is not legally true . Or any other type of true . ) More importantly , you also get a chance to imprint the office with your scent , allowing everyone to become comfortable with you before your start date . Hiring managers agree that there 's something about the fetid odor of sweat and urine which screams `` team-playing self-starter . '' _________By giving a firm handshake , you convey confidence , and ownership of a totally-under-control drug habit.This is a little risky , but the potential pay-off is huge . As an intensely personal action , if this goes over well , you are practically guaranteed to get the job , if not a new lover . I 'll also point out that this will be miles easier if you feign blindness first . There are ethical considerations in that , but I 'm not going to point them out to you , which should make them easier to ignore . _________Maintaining eye contact during the interview is a key to looking polite , interested and responsive . Looking away or shifting your gaze about makes you look untrustworthy or European.The eyes are the windows to the soul , and the surest way to let your interviewer see the true nature of your character . And now that you 've stopped feigning blindness , you need to make up for lost time . Hold your interviewer 's gaze at all times , drinking in their features like a man dying of thirst . Thirst for facial features .
`` You 've got a real pretty mouth . '' _________ Conventional Advice : Ask questions about the position and company culture By asking questions about the position and culture within the office , you stress how interested you are in the role and how you see yourself fitting in to it . This lets the interviewer know you 're more interested in the job than the money , which is one of those universal lies everyone tacitly agrees to ignore . Unconventional Advice : Just dive right in to the company culture See if you can find some company branded clothes on eBay , like golf shirts or windbreakers . Or just make your own . A crudely knitted sweater vest with the company logo stitched into it to shows you possess resourcefulness and crafty fingers . During the interview , show them company photographs which you 've Photoshopped yourself in to . Show up wearing a wig made of employee 's hair . ( You 'll need some prep time for this ; also look for Cracked 's 85 Tips for Gathering Stranger 's Hair on bookshelves this December . ) _________ Conventional Advice : Refer to quantifiable achievements When discussing past achievements , quantify what you did . Whether it 's time saved , money made or products created , by referencing verifiable achievements it makes you look like someone who can actually get things done , rather than someone who is solely responsible for making ass marks in chairs . Unconventional Advice : Show , do n't tell Any writer can tell you that showing something happened is a far more powerful way to convey it then telling the reader it happened . The same applies to job interviews . Grab something off their desk and show them how to do it better . Interviewers love this . _________ Conventional Advice : Never criticize your past employer By criticizing your previous employers , you can come across as bitter , angry or small . Your interviewer will wonder how you 'll speak of their company when you eventually part ways . Unconventional Advice : Criticize the fuck out of them But , if you 're seeking a job in the same industry as your past employment , then your previous employer is likely a competitor of this company . By demonstrating a shared dislike for this competitor , you 're sure to ingratiate yourself . Be careful you do n't come across as bitter though . Instead , you want to give the impression that you 're a concerned citizen who could no longer stand idly by with all that bestiality and sloppy accounting practices going on unreported . Do n't be afraid to exaggerate . Phrases like `` laundered Nazi gold , '' or `` elbow deep in sheep , '' help make stories memorable . _________ Conventional Advice : When asked what your `` greatest weakness '' is , have a prepared answer Everyone hates this question . Interviewers know that , and by observing the responses they get , they can form a pretty good idea of how the interviewee handles stress . The conventional wisdom is that when asked this question you should discuss a past weakness and how you overcame it . Make sure the weakness you claim is n't critical to this job . `` Ca n't stand the sound of children 's laughter '' is a good one , provided you 're not applying for a position at a daycare . Sorry ; a reputable daycare . Unconventional Advice : When asked what your `` greatest weakness '' is , break a piece of furniture with your bare hands Because fuck weakness , that 's why . You 're strong , stronger than this chair , stronger than anyone . You 're nobody 's fool . _________ Conventional Advice : Provide references Many times interviewers wo n't even check references , or if they do , make only cursory phone calls . This is mostly just meant to verify that you have n't made up your resume entirely , or that you 've at least made the effort to brief accomplices on the accents they 'll need to imitate when verifying your backstory . Unconventional Advice : You do n't need any referencesâ¦ â¦because right now the interviewer is thinking : `` Holy Shit , this guy just kicked a chair in half . They are definitely getting this job . '' _________
More Blogs
The president of the Southern Baptist Convention , with 16 million members , says they do not have to accept the Supreme Court 's upcoming ruling on same-sex marriage .
Dr. Ronnie Floyd was just re-elected president of the Southern Baptist Convention . As such , they represent 16 million Southern Baptists , including former governor and current presidential candidate Mike Huckabee .
The two have a very similar and factually incorrect belief : the Supreme Court is not the final arbiter of law in the United States .
Today , Dr. Floyd told their member at their national convention in Columbus , Ohio that they do not have to abide by the Supreme Court 's decision on same-sex marriage , expected any day now .
RELATED : How Hate-Fueled Politics Found Hope In A Church Called Grace On # iStandSunday
`` I want to remind everyone today , humbly , the Supreme Court of the United States is not the final authority , nor is the culture itself , but the Bible is God 's final authority about marriage and on this book we stand , '' Floyd told their followers , to a standing ovation , as Religion News Service reports .
To add wholly unnecessary fuel to their fire-and-brimstone address , they added , `` I declare to everyone today , as a minister of the gospel , I will not officiate over any same-sex unions or same-sex marriage ceremonies , '' they cried . `` I completely refuse . ''
No one would ever seriously ask them to officiate over a same-sex wedding , nor , regardless of any Supreme Court decision , would they ever be forced to or be breaking any law if they refused .
It 's called the First Amendment , something people like Floyd and Huckabee love to point to when it suits them , and love to forget , also when it suits them .
`` While some evangelicals may be bowing down to the deception of the inclusiveness of same-sex marriage , '' Floyd continued , `` we will not bow down nor will we be silent . ''
In a separate interview with Religion News Service , Floyd said there 's `` no question we all have a massive concern about the upcoming decision by the Supreme Court , and we 're doing what we can to prepare our churches regardless of what the outcome is . ''
Aside from offering congratulations to millions of gay people , should they wish , there 's absolutely no `` preparation '' needed , but what good would tell their flock the truth have done ?
Image : Screenshot via Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary/YouTube
See a mistake ? Email corrections to : [ email protected ]
