The National Association of Head Teachers is expected to back proposals for a national walk out to defend members ' pensions .
An emergency motion to be debated at the union 's annual conference in Brighton on Sunday will call on the union to take any action necessary – up to and including strikes – to block controversial changes to teachers ' retirement funds .
The move comes just days after two major teaching unions announced they would ballot members for a one-day strike in the summer term , followed by a series of walk-outs in September and October .
The National Union of Teachers and the Association of Teachers and Lecturers backed the proposed action earlier this month .
It raises the prospect of co-ordinated strike action that would shut the majority of state primary and secondary schools in England and Wales , possibly in late June . Hundreds of independent schools are also likely to shut
The action would cause chaos for millions of parents who will be forced to hire childminders or take a day off work to look after sons and daughters who have been locked out of school .
It promises to be the first national teachers ' strike since 2008 and only the second in 24 years .
Russell Hobby , general secretary of the NAHT , which represents 28,000 heads and deputies , said : “ What 's being proposed is effectively a pay cut , which is something our members feel is particularly offensive at a time when they are being expected to work even longer hours and take on more responsibilities because of Government cuts . Heads have an appetite for a fight on this one . ”
An independent review of public sector pensions by Lord Hutton last month proposed that nurses , teachers and most other public sector staff should work until at 65 for lower pensions . They should also be linked to career average earnings rather than final salaries , they suggested .
Changes are needed as the price of pensions is no longer sustainable because of the national debt and rising life expectancy , the Coalition claim .
But the conclusions have outraged unions who claim staff could desert the teaching profession over the changes .
Under plans , the NUT are set to ballot up to 300,000 members in schools in England and Wales , while the ATL is likely to ballot 80,000 .
They want to ballot for “ discontinuous ” action – giving them permission to stage a series of one-day strikes .
The ballots will take place if current negotiations between the Government and the Trades Union Congress fail to reach an acceptable outcome , unions say .
Mr Hobby suggested that the NAHT could join June strikes , although it is more likely that the union could not take industrial action until September at the earliest .
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Pirelli supplies tyres to the Formula 1 World Championship
Chinese state-owned China National Chemical ( ChemChina ) is to buy Italian tyre maker Pirelli in a deal which values the firm at €7.1bn ( £5.1bn ) .
The move is the latest in a string of takeovers in Italy by cash-rich Chinese buyers .
The takeover gives ChemChina access to technology to make premium tyres and gives Pirelli greater access to the Chinese market .
Pirelli shares were 2.56 % higher at €15.62 on Monday on the news .
ChemChina 's tyre making unit , China National Tire & Rubber , is to buy the 26.2 % stake in Pirelli owned by Italian investment firm Camfin . It will then launch an offer for the remaining shares .
Camfin said the bid would be launched by a consortium controlled by ChemChina but also part-owned by Camfin investors , who include Pirelli boss Marco Tronchetti Provera , Italian banks UniCredit and Intesa Sanpaolo , and Russia 's Rosneft .
The offer will be launched at €15 per share , valuing the group at €7.1bn excluding net debt of almost €1bn .
Following reports of the deal on Friday , shares in Milan-listed Pirelli hit a 25-year high , closing at €15.23 .
Current Pirelli chief executive Tronchetti Provera , who started working for tyre maker in 1986 after marrying a member of the Italian family that founded the firm , will remain in their post .
Previous Chinese acquisitions in Italy include stakes in power grid firms Terna and Snam , turbine maker Ansaldo and luxury yacht maker Ferretti .
Mr Cheshire , a bus driver , said they last saw their sister looking “ vacant ” and “ zombie-like ” four days before the anniversary of Jay 's death .
They added : “ She used to be so different , they were just a really , really intelligent woman who probably could have written books – they even kept a diary for 40 years .
“ But what happened to Jay just finished them off and they never recovered . ”
Mr Cheshire is angered by the girl who accused Jay of rape . They said : “ We think the allegations tipped them over the edge .
“ He was a well loved student , who was bright and caring , and for them to do something like that just did n't make sense . ''
Ms Cheshire 's neighbour today said they were not surprised .
“ She just never got over Jay 's death , ” they said . “ She changed from being a chatty neighbour to someone who would be so isolated .
“ I was very surprised by Jay 's death , but sadly I was n't so surprised by Karin 's .
“ The poor family – they are barely getting over what happened last year . I just think it 's terribly sad . Jay was so young . ''
Jay , from Southampton , was a sixth- form pupil at Bitterne Park School , and hoped to become a history teacher or a writer .
The inquest heard they had a history of having a low mood , was put on antidepressants and had been due to undergo cognitive behavioural therapy .
Grahame Short , the central Hampshire senior coroner , recorded a conclusion of suicide , and said Jay had struggled to cope with the accusations and the investigation .
They said : “ He was a sensitive young man and vulnerable in some respects , and they found it difficult to cope with the police investigation . ”
CORRECTION : An earlier version of this report wrongly described the rape allegation made against Jay Cheshire as ‘ false ' . In fact it was simply withdrawn . We apologise for the error .
Competition
Dark Matter in conjunction with EntertainmentOne are giving away multiple copies of Hell on Wheels season 3 on DVD . To enter , email editor ( at ) darkmatterzine ( dot ) com with ‘ Hell on Wheels ' in the subject heading and your postal address in the email before 5 pm AEST ( Melbourne time ) 25 June 2014 . Open to residents of Australia only .
Entertainment One says :
In the third season of the hit series , Cullen Bohannon ( Anson Mount ) is trying to find their way back to the man they had once been and the man Lily believed they could become again . Turning their back on the revenge-driven life that 's left them feeling numb , Cullen decides their salvation is in building the railroad . As Chief Engineer , he 'll be accountable for their actions , responsible for others and be forced to accept that everything ca n't be solved with a bullet . But will their attempt to change actually kill him ? To survive , they must shake off their past demons and the haunting dreams of their wife and Lily .
Also starring Common ( Smokin ' Aces ) , Colm Meaney ( Law Abiding Citizen ) and Robin McLeavy ( The Loved Ones ) , season three of Hell on Wheels makes for unmissable viewing .
Extras : Insider : Hell on Wheels ; Tour with Common ; Where We Left Off ; A Look at Season 3 ; “ I 'm Building Me a Home ” Featurette with Common and Dohn Norwood ; Charlie Daniels Original Song ; Behind the Scenes ‘ Eminent Domain ' , ‘ Range War ' , ‘ The Game ' , ‘ Searchers ' , ‘ One Less Mule ' , ‘ Cholera ' , ‘ It Happened in Boston ' , ‘ Fathers and Sins ' , ‘ Get Behind the Mule '
Duration : 420 mins Audio : Dolby Digital 5.1 / 2.0 Aspect Ratio : 16:0 ( 1.78:1 )
Terms and conditions of competition :
To enter , email editor ( at ) darkmatterzine ( dot ) com with ‘ Hell on Wheels ' in the subject heading and your postal address in the email . Entrants must reside in Australia with an Australian delivery address . All entries must be received by 5 pm AEST ( Melbourne time ) 25 June 2014 . No late entries accepted . Winner will be selected via a random number generator . Email address and snail mail address will only be used for the purpose of this competition . The name of the winner will be published without address or email ; these details will be held conﬁdential . DMZ is running this competition in good faith ; no responsibility is taken for mishap or misadventure . All decisions are ﬁnal , no correspondence will be entered into . All conditions relating to the Privacy Policy and the Disclaimer also apply to all competitions .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
More
Skype
Print
Email
Telegram
Reddit
Pocket
LinkedIn
Facebook said on Friday that it would remove ads from pages that contain controversial content , as it tries to protect advertisers from appearing next to offensive material beyond their control .
In a message posted on its Web site , the company wrote : “ Our goal is to both preserve the freedoms of sharing on Facebook but also protect people and brands from certain types of content . ”
“ We know that marketers work hard to promote their brands , and we take their objectives seriously . While we already have rigorous review and removal policies for content against our terms , we recognize we need to do more to prevent situations where ads are displayed alongside controversial Pages and Groups . So we are taking action . ”
Facebook said it would begin the manual review for pages containing sensitive content next week with a team of hundreds of employees in offices around the world .
Perth weather : Temperature hits 40C for fourth day , equalling record from 1933
Updated
Perth has recorded its fourth consecutive day of temperatures above 40 degrees Celsius , equalling a record that has stood for more than 80 years , as a heatwave continues to grip the city .
The temperature peaked at 40.3C in Perth at 11:30am on Wednesday .
The last time the city recorded four consecutive days above 40C was in 1933 .
However , the Bureau of Meteorology ( BoM ) said it was unlikely the record would be broken on Thursday , with a slightly lower 38C forecast for the metropolitan area .
`` That 's only happened once before since we started records in 1897 , and that was back in 1933 when we had a run of four [ days of ] forty degrees or more from the 7th to 10th of February , '' BoM forecaster Neil Bennett said .
`` If we do get another day , which at the moment looks highly unlikely , then that would be a new record , but we do n't think that that 's going to happen .
`` We think temperatures will be below 40C tomorrow . [ It 's ] still going to be very hot though , we 're looking at temperatures of around 38 degrees . ''
Mr Bennett said Perth had also now recorded its most number of 40C days in any one summer .
`` Yesterday we equalled that record of six , but now we have set a new record . We 've had seven days of 40 degrees or more in summer , '' they said .
`` We 've had two in December , one in January and now four in February . ''
`` We had a very mild start [ to February ] - we had one of the coolest nights on record for February - so it did start off very mild , but it warmed up very quickly towards the back end of last week . ''
The hottest place in the metropolitan area on Wednesday was Pearce , north of Perth , where the temperature reached 45.1C .
Meanwhile Gooseberry Hill in the city 's east recorded 44.2C .
But Roebourne Airport in the Pilbara posted WA 's hottest temperature at a sizzling 46.4C , while nearby Karratha recorded 45.3C .
The temperature in Perth is expected to drop to 35C on Friday and 33C on Saturday and Sunday .
Topics : weather , perth-6000
First posted
In case you were wondering which characters Michael Bay is bringing back in Transformers : Age of Extinction and which new characters they are introducing , we have a toy list from Hasbro that tells us who we will see in the film . I 've also included a video that features Grimlock 's roar from the set of the film .
The list comes from Transformers Live , and apparently several of the names are code names borrowed from Rocky . Those are likely to be more spoilerish characters that are being kept hidden with the use of the code names .
The characters that are mentioned on the list include :
Bumblebee
Crosshairs
Drift
Galvatron
Grimlock ( Dinobot name )
Hound
Lockdown
Optimus Prime
Scorn
Slag ( Dinobot name )
Slash ( Dinobot name )
Slingshot
Snarl ( Dinobot name )
Southpaw
Stinger
Strafe
Then there are the codenames that are : Adrian , Bruce , Duke , Ivan , Max , Paulie , Rally Car , Rocky , and Thunderlips .
Here 's the Grimlock roar video !
NEW YORK ( Reuters Life ! ) - Astronaut Buzz Aldrin has no regrets about being the second man to walk on the moon but admits that at the time they had made a strong case for why they should have been the one to take history 's “ giant leap for humankind . ”
In their latest book , “ Magnificent Desolation , ” Aldrin reminisces about the Apollo 11 mission ahead of the 40th anniversary next month and details their battles with depression , alcoholism and adjustment to post-Apollo life .
“ People say , ‘ Did n't you want to be first on the moon ? ' , ” Aldrin told Reuters in an interview .
“ Yes , from a professional point of view , I wanted to take advantage of every opportunity and project discussions about the commander , who had many responsibilities , and maybe some of those things that include things outside and going out first should be done by the other guy , ” they said .
Apollo 11 Commander Neil Armstrong and Aldrin made the first manned landing on the moon on July 20 , 1969 .
In the lead up to the flight , Aldrin said they assumed that in keeping with previous NASA extravehicular activities like spacewalks , as the junior crew member they would be first down the ladder to take humankind 's first steps in the lunar dust .
“ One guy will stay inside , probably the commander , ” they said .
“ Then they realized , ‘ No , we 'll send two out . ' There was a lot of uncertainty in the planning people . But all that newspaper stuff about a civilian versus a member of the military was just cooked up as a possible reason for hesitation on the part of NASA . ”
Armstrong had been a U.S. Navy combat pilot but was a civilian aboard Apollo 11 . Aldrin was still in the Air Force .
In the end the decision came down to logistics . The lunar landing craft 's hatch was located on Armstrong 's side . It would have too cumbersome , and perhaps even dangerous , for Aldrin to have climbed over their mission mate , so Armstrong went first .
DIFFICULT RE-ENTRY
Aldrin , Armstrong and Command Module pilot Michael Collins were arguably the most famous men in the world when they returned . On a worldwide tour they were feted with parades , medals and ceremonies by heads of state in over 20 countries .
But when the cheering subsided and after achieving their life 's goal they contemplated what to do next .
“ It 's an unstructured , wondering , ‘ Who do I look to , where is my schedule , what is going to happen ? , ' ” Aldrin said . “ Being kind of unstructured and a little uncertain does n't give you confidence . ”
After their appointment as commandant of the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School , Aldrin began to suffer bouts of depression and was eventually hospitalized for a month .
When they retired from the military the following year , they did consulting , endorsement and design work but the depression returned and they turned to alcohol .
“ People in the military know how to be disciplined , and know how to relax . It 's what eases the unease of the situation , ” they said of their earlier , problem-free drinking .
“ But once you do n't have these other commitments , you begin to make decisions that are not the wisest , and if you 're a little uncomfortable in the morning , a drink really fixes it , ” they said . “ The ‘ hair of the dog ' is the sign of addiction . ”
After several attempts to quit drinking , Aldrin eventually turned the corner and recently celebrated their 30th anniversary of sobriety . They married their third wife , Lois , in 1988 .
They champion the potential of space exploration and believes the United States has lost valuable ground in the next phase of “ the space race ” and should set its sights beyond returning to the moon .
“ I know in my own mind that the Russians want to beat us to Mars , ” they said . “ They 're doing everything that you 'd expect them to do to be first to Mars , and that 's not going to be good for America 20 or 30 years from now . ”
Colbert mocks McCain speech with new 'green screen challenge '
Technologically unsavvy Republican presidential candidate John McCain may be regretting their choice of a green background in a nationally televised speech earlier this month .
Playing off an earlier challenge to their viewers , Comedy Central host Stephen Colbert called for submissions to their `` green screen challenge '' to make McCain 's much-panned speech seem more interesting . On Thursday night 's show , Colbert aired the first set of submissions . Dozens more have been posted to YouTube .
Among the more popular entries online are videos that feature pictures of McCain with President Bush or recall their supporters `` beat the bitch '' reference to Hillary Clinton .
One video places McCain into historical footage such as Queen Elizabeth 's first televised address and Martin Luther King 's `` I have a dream speech , '' saying they were there during those events .
`` John McCain , he 's that old , '' the video concludes .
On Thursday night 's show , Colbert described McCain 's rhetorical style as `` tired mayonnaise . ''
The remixes were necessary to spice things up the host said , and clearly that was McCain 's intention .
`` He clearly asked for our help by giving a speech in front of a green screen , '' Colbert said . `` I do n't want to bog you down with technical jargon , but basically Jesus made green a magical color . Anything you film in front of it can become something else . ''
São Paulo , Brazil — Brazil 's economy , a huge corruption scandal at a state-owned oil company and , more recently , impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff have dominated the news about this country recently . But it 's another crisis in the state of São Paulo that has the potential to shape democracy in the country for years to come . That 's because this crisis — a huge protest in response to the state 's plan to close 94 public schools — involves some of the country 's youngest citizens : elementary , middle and high school students .
In October , without discussing the decision with teachers , parents or students , the São Paulo state government announced during a television interview that dozens of schools would be closed next year . The plan is part of a consolidation intended to streamline the use of resources by grouping students into specific schools for each educational level . More than 300,000 students will be affected ; many will be sent to overcrowded schools far from their homes .
The response to the announcement was immediate . First , the teachers ' union organized protests , but they were ignored . Then , students protested in their neighborhoods , hoping to raise awareness among community members . They were ignored . Finally , on Nov. 9 , a handful of students decided to occupy a school in the metropolitan area of São Paulo . Within a week , nearly 100 schools had been occupied , and , a week later , 200 .
Although they enjoy broad support from parents , neighbors , teachers and the wider community , the students have faced tough resistance from the state government . Initially , the state tried to have the police remove the students by force , but that effort was quashed by the judiciary , which suggested that the government sit down with the protesters to negotiate a solution . So far that has not happened . Instead , in an audio recording of a meeting with school administrators that was leaked to the press , the government can be heard devising a “ war ” strategy to discredit the students .
Below , a breakdown of Trump 's visits to their properties . They include :
• Trump International Hotel in Washington .
• Trump National Golf Club in Potomac Falls , Va .
• Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach , Fla .
• Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach , Fla .
• Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter , Fla .
Update : Missed that Trump actually visited two of their courses on Feb. 11 — Trump International in West Palm Beach and Trump National in Jupiter . Their golf game with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took place at the latter on that day .
Trump has announced that they plan to host the Chinese president at Mar-a-Lago next month .
The one occasion on which they went to a golf course but clearly did n't play golf came Sunday , when they made a relatively short visit to Trump National during which , their team says , they held three meetings . Last week , press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump 's visits to golf courses did n't necessarily mean they were playing golf .
Watch more !
President Trump criticized former president Barack Obama for golfing too often . Now the White House is defending their own frequent outings . ( Thomas Johnson/The Washington Post )
`` Just because you go somewhere does n't necessarily mean you did it , '' Spicer told reporters . `` So , on a couple of occasions , he 's actually conducted meetings there , he 's actually had phone calls . So , just because they head there , it does n't mean that that 's what 's happening . ''
On every occasion , save the visit Sunday , Trump has spent multiple hours at the club , usually out of view of the media . On some occasions , such as Saturday , social media posts emerge showing them on the course .
As of writing , it 's not clear who was included in Trump 's three meetings at Trump National . A post on Instagram tagged at the club on Sunday appears to show Trump and two other people watching television in the course 's clubhouse .
If Trump traveled to Trump National for meetings , it raises another question : Could n't those meetings have been held at the White House ?
Philip Bump is a correspondent for The Washington Post based in New York . Before joining The Post in 2014 , they led politics coverage for the Atlantic Wire .
Post Recommends
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United are said to have an interest in Sporting Lisbon left-back Marvin Zeegelaar – according to reports in Portugal .
The Magpies are already in dialogue with Sporting over a potential deal for highly-rated centre-back Ruben Semedo .
Now the Dutch player 's name has also cropped up , and it is understood Newcastle are keen to add competition in the left-back department .
Zeegelaar would be a cheaper alternative to the £15m-rated Kieran Gibbs of Arsenal .
Zeegelaar is likely to cost around £3.5m , with Newcastle knowing they must box clever in the summer transfer window and get value for money .
The former Rio Ave player appeared 26 times for Sporting last season .
They have three years left of their current contract , but the Portuguese giants are prepared to sell at the right price .
Newcastle are prepared to shuffle their pack this summer with Morocco international Achraf Lazaar set to be offloaded .
Lazaar , signed from Serie A side Palermo last summer , said last month : “ We now need to hear what we do or what will change .
“ Each player waits on their future , maybe they 'll stay or leave . ”
But even if Lazaar does go , Rafa Benitez wants at least two senior players challenging for each position .
I want to be clear that I actually showed restraint regarding my conversation with DCPS Board member Scott Shine . Mr . Shine has lost restraint , publicly attacking Chris Guerrieri ( a DCPS teacher ) , for criticizing them ( an elected official ) . In light of this , I felt it necessary to release some quotes I 'd previously decided not to publish because I did n't want to pile on the guy too hard when they had the courage to speak to me . No more , especially after they had previously lectured me about the importance of civil discourse .
I asked Mr . Shine how they could defend Vitti 's decisions that led to 32 middle and high schools closing their libraries . I stated that this hurts poor kids without cars and computers the most , because school libraries are the only place many low-income kids can research . Shine 's direct response to this statement ? “ Well , there will always be haves and have-nots , ” then continued to downplay the concern .
I want to be clear and reiterate : their quote was a direct response to my concern about the closing of libraries hurting low-income kids .
Furthermore , Mr . Shine told me that they feel teachers are going about our fight the wrong way : that we need to stop campaigning against politicians we disagree with , and instead convince them to agree with us . They further implied that teachers are missing the boat by focusing on anything other than “ more teachers at higher salaries ” ( Edit : I feel the need to clarify because a number of people have misunderstood this : Shine implied teachers cared about too many things . They never said teachers only cared about salary . ) .
Of course we want more teachers at higher salaries , but that is not all we want . We want our jobs to be as meaningful and productive as possible because to many of us it 's much more than just a paycheck .
And here 's the thing about “ convincing ” politicians : people do n't generally change their minds about things . On the rare occasion they do , it is usually because they are made aware of new information and take that new information into account .
When politicians ( School Board members , governor , state legislators ) or bureaucrats ( Superintendent , etc . ) are made aware of new information , and that information does not change their mind , it is n't long before the only option is to try to replace them with people who do agree with us .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
American special forces have conducted multiple clandestine raids into Pakistan 's tribal areas as part of a secret war in the border region where Washington is pressing to expand its drone assassination programme .
A former Nato officer said the incursions , only one of which has been previously reported , occurred between 2003 and 2008 , involved helicopter-borne elite soldiers stealing across the border at night , and were never declared to the Pakistani government .
`` The Pakistanis were kept entirely in the dark about it . It was one of those things we would n't confirm officially with them , '' said the source , who had detailed knowledge of the operations .
Such operations are a matter of sensitivity in Pakistan . While public opinion has grudgingly tolerated CIA-led drone strikes in the tribal areas , any hint of American `` boots on the ground '' is greeted with virulent condemnation .
After the only publicly acknowledged special forces raid in September 2008 , Pakistan 's foreign office condemned it as `` a grave provocation '' while the military threatened retaliatory action .
The military source said that was the fourth raid of previous years . Two of the others targeted Taliban and al-Qaida `` high-value targets '' near the border , while the third was to rescue a crashed Predator drone . They said that one of the capture raids succeeded , the other failed and the US sent elite soldiers to the downed Predator because they did not trust Pakistani forces . `` People were afraid they would take the parts and reverse- engineer its components , '' they said .
The secretive nature of the raids underscores the suspicious nature of the relationship between the two allies as they argue about Washington 's latest demands .
Disrupting the Taliban safe haven inside Pakistan is the unspoken part of Barack Obama 's `` surge '' announced this month . Although 30,000 troops will be deployed to Afghanistan by next summer , the Taliban and al-Qaida leadership is believed to be sheltering on the Pakistani side of the 1,600-mile border .
In recent weeks Washington has sent a stream of senior officials to Islamabad seeking Pakistani action on at least two fronts : attacks on Sirajuddin Haqqani , a warlord with strong al-Qaida ties based in North Waziristan , and an expansion of the CIA-led drone strikes into the western province of Balochistan .
`` This is crunch time , '' said a senior Pakistani official . `` The tone of the Obama administration is growing more ominous . The message is 'you do it , or we will ' . ''
In a recent New York Times article titled Take the war to Pakistan , Seth Jones , a senior civilian adviser to America 's special forces commander in Afghanistan , said the Afghan war was `` run and organised out of Balochistan '' by the Quetta shura , a 15-man war council led by the Taliban leader Mullah Omar . `` Virtually all significant meetings of the Taliban take place in that province , and many of the group 's senior leaders and military commanders are based there , '' they said .
The US demands have drawn an angry reaction from Pakistan 's military . A senior official with the ISI , Pakistan 's premier spy agency , said it was hunting the Taliban in Balochistan , citing 60 joint operations between the CIA and ISI in the province over the past year . `` They are going in for kills , they are apprehending people . CIA and ISI operatives depend on each other for their lives in these operations , '' they said . The official , who spoke anonymously but with official sanction , said Pakistan 's military were overstretched . `` We ca n't fight everywhere at once , '' they said . Since October the army has been at war in South Waziristan , stronghold of the `` Pakistani Taliban '' whose suicide bombers have killed more than 500 people in cities over the past two months .
US generals say the army is playing a `` double game '' , turning a blind eye to `` Afghan Taliban '' sheltering in Balochistan because it considers them strategic assets as part of a wider gambit to check Indian influence in Afghanistan .
The ISI official denied such links and accused the US of `` scapegoating '' Pakistan for its own failures . `` During the past year there has been zilch actionable intelligence about the Quetta shura or Haqqani , '' they said . `` If they are so sure Mullah Omar is in Quetta or Karachi , why do n't they tell us where they are ? ''
The CIA declined to comment . `` We do n't as a rule comment on the agency 's relationship with foreign partners or on reports of our operational activities , '' it said .
The aggressive American approach to Balochistan contrasts with the low-key British tone , despite the fact Balochistan lies across the border from Helmand , where 9,000 British troops are fighting the Taliban .
A British official said the government was reluctant to publicly criticise Pakistan for fear of endangering the relationship between MI6 and ISI in tracking suspected extremists moving between Britain and Pakistan . `` That 's our priority . It 's a matter of national security , '' they said .
But SAS soldiers have been active in the province . The former Nato officer said SAS units were active in Balochistan in 2002 , 2003 and possibly beyond , attacking drug traffickers . `` It was of strategic concern to the UK at the time , '' they said . Until now the US has heeded Pakistani objections to drone strikes in Balochistan . But that could change , if troop casualties mount , a former senior US official warned . `` We could get tired and say 'you know what , we are sending in Predators to take out Mullah Omar and their gang in Quetta ' . And then we 'll see what happens . ''
In a victory for sexual perverts in States where it is legal for deviants to be `` married , '' the Supreme Court of the United States has spit in the face of Almighty God and every true Christian in this country , and ignored thousands of years of human history in which homosexual acts have been tolerated by some , but never have they allowed to `` marry '' on a de facto or de jure basis , by striking down the provisions of the Defense of Marriage Act that deny sexual deviants the same Federal benefits of marriage .
The Court reasoned that it is unconstitutional to deny marriage benefits to some married couples but allow them for others . On a strictly legal platform , this is not surprising , and frankly was expected . In effect , they are leaving it to the States to decide . States that do not recognize pervert `` marriages '' still are not required to do so , and do not have to provide State benefits to same-sex couples , nor recognize same-sex `` marriages '' of couples who move to their States , but were `` married '' in one that permits it , but are merely saying that the Federal government may not give to one group what it does not give to another .
The error in this reasoning is that homosexuals are not a federally recognized protected class , yet the majority court seems to have ignored this axiom . The really disturbing part of this ruling on DOMA is that it opens the door for States to permit incestuous , polygamous , and incestuous polygamous marriages ; equal rights for all means all , right ? It appears that the Court did not think this through to its logical conclusion .
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? * Yes , they 've gotten so much wrong recently that they 're bound to be on their best behavior . No , they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome . Jussie who ?
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged . Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge . You may opt out at anytime . You also agree to this site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
In regards to Proposition 8 , the victory is far less celebratory for the perverts , and contrary to the spin being put on it by the media , there is not really a victory here on the merits of the case . Rather , the case was dismissed for being improperly before the Court . The majority ruled that private citizens do not have standing to argue before the Supreme Court a defense of a law , duly enacted by the voters of that State , which the State Government has then refused to defend . Yet the voters in California overwhelmingly voted to dis-allow same-sex marriage , and with this ruling , the Court is giving the green light for State Governments to ignore the will of the people in a legal vote – this should send a chill down every Americans spine , and brings us one step closer to the loss of the democratic process in America ; your vote now no longer means anything , and the State government can now choose to override a lawful vote by the people , in favor of its own agenda , so why have the voting process at all ? The power of the vote of the citizenry has now , not been whittled away , it has been hacked apart by an axe .
It can not be stated enough that the Court did NOT strike down Prop 8 . The opinion of the Court has not yet been published at Cornell , and so it is difficult to comment intelligently on the ruling , however several issues seem to remain unaddressed , for example what about States that do not permit same-sex `` marriages '' but allow civil unions ? Strictly speaking , same-sex unions were not before the Court , and are therefore not covered by this ruling .
The specific language of the Court in this issue will hinge on whether they remanded the case back to the Ninth Circuit , or whether they affirmed the ruling of the Ninth Circuit in striking down Prop 8 ; if remanded it means it has been sent back to the Ninth Circuit for retrial and reconsideration , if affirmed , there can be no further legal challenges IN CALIFORNIA unless the issue is properly returned to the SCOTUS by persons “ with standing ” . The MSM is reporting that they remanded it , which means all the cheering about it is somewhat premature . It should also be noted that in refusing to hear the case , the Ninth Circuit 's ruling applies only to California , and the other 39 States with prohibitions against perverts `` marrying '' are in no way affected .
The Court , in skirting the primary issue , is there a constitutional right to ‘ buggar ' or ‘ scissor ' another human being and get `` married '' for it , has merely put off the inevitable . Sooner or later they must rule on the constitutionality of same-sex `` marriage . '' Being that the Constitution does not mention marriage at all , the logical person does not see how this could be held that homosexuals have a right to `` marry . '' The Tenth Amendment is clear , those powers not enumerated in the Constitution , like the regulation of marriage , belong to the States . It seems the Court is inviting a challenge by the States of the Constitutionality of the right to pervert `` marriage , '' so the matter can be settled once and for all .
Do not despair and believe that because , on a technical point of law in striking down DOMA , that the Court will affirm a Constitutional right to homosexual `` marriage , '' and in refusing to hear Prop 8 , they are merely saying it was improperly before they court – the merits of the Prop 8 case were not reached nor discussed .
In light of the recent scandals of this Administration and the continued propensity of the Government to move toward a Totalitarian State by whittling away at our most basic rights , like the right to keep and bear arms without interference , amnesty for criminals invading our country and draining our economy , the destruction of our financial base and standing in the world through un-controlled spending , the NSA and IRS blatant violations of our most basic rights , the staged ‘ shooting tragedies ” like Aurora and Sandy Hook , the Boston bombings , the infiltration of the Administration by the Muslim Brotherhood and the governments embracing of Islam , and the horrific murder of the unborn , the U.S. with this ruling has moved one step closer to Civil War , a probability that has been simmering for quite a while now ; A move to confiscate weapons will certainly precipitate it , as will an economic meltdown or continued federal abuses and power grabs . I believe we are at the 'damp fuse point ' .... let the fuse dry a bit more and the existing sparks will be enough to set it off - increase the sparks or intensity , and waiting will not be required .
Arm yourselves , as the prospect of Civil War has now increased more than ever . Another tenderbox is fixing to be added to the mix , the Trayvon Martin shooting . Should Zimmerman go free , racist blacks have said in every venue I have seen , that they will riot and kill the whitey – such a comment was even posted to one of my more recent articles on that subject at Freedom Outpost and on Facebook , read it here .
If the racist blacks do riot , every citizen has the right to defend themselves with lethal force . The police will be overwhelmed and will not be able to protect you , you must be prepared to protect yourself and your family , and not shirk at the necessity of shooting down rioting animals in the streets . Obamler will likely use the rioting , or threats of such , as an excuse to declare martial law , and this could very well be the second shot heard ‘ round the world ' .
The America that our Founding Fathers fought and bled for is now gone my friends . It is high time to do something about it . When you get to Heaven and stand before Almighty God , and you are asked to account for all your deeds , or lack of them , and The Lord asks you , “ why did you stand by and allow my children in the womb to be murdered in the most horrific ways , WHY did you allow perverts that I have deemed an abomination to over run the country I gave you , WHY did you sit in your home at your computer bellyaching about these things but did nothing… ” , WHAT WILL YOU SAY ?
Best think about that a bit .
Like all good things , it started at brunch . It was a bitter January , before Empire even premiered and the idea that I would ever wear a leopard-print fedora was even a possibility . I was sitting in a restaurant , sipping my tea and absentmindedly checking my email , patting myself on the back for the biggest accomplishment of my life so far — going to two brunches on the same hungover Sunday morning — when a hiring editor at the New York Times magazine emailed me about a job opening . I choked on my tea .
Several weeks of interviews and edit tests followed , but through it all , I kept thinking : There 's no way I 'm going to get this job . Most of this anxiety was rooted in not looking and feeling the part : For one , I 'm not a white dude . My career is relatively inchoate ; my editing experience meager . I do n't speak any other languages . I did n't go to an Ivy League ... I can barely spell the word `` February . '' It seemed totally unlikely , so I forged ahead , practically insouciant , convinced I had nothing to lose because I did n't have much to offer .
Then , one afternoon in March , the editor-in-chief called me and offered me the job . They paused a little for dramatic effect ; waiting for Ashton Kutcher to pop out , I did too . I finally gurgled some approximation of `` thanks '' in response , but what I really wanted to say was : `` How dare you make me make such a life-altering decision on the day of the season finale of Empire ? ''
Empire is not a particularly good show — it 's highly implausible , cloying , sometimes preachy — but it 's an absolutely perfect one . I started in the middle of the first season , gobbling up each episode like the decadent treats they are until I was finally all caught up . I found at the center of the show , sweetest of all , there is — and forgive me for this — a pretty tough Cookie .
Taraji P. Henson 's portrayal of Cookie is rich and luxurious , both out-of-this-world fabulous ( she left jail in a cheetah dress and a fur , exactly what I want to be buried in ) and around-the-corner familiar ( every black person has a cousin called Cookie , for reasons we will never explain ) . Ever confident , Cookie 's primary goal is to reclaim their space ; their mission , known from the first episode , is `` I 'm here to get what 's mine . ''
I 'm now six months into working at the Times — markedly less full of anxiety and ineptitude since day one , but despite working with the kindest and most attractive people in journalism , I 'm still pretty uncomfortable . I love my job , but there are still days where I 'm convinced I do n't belong , racked by the fear that someone is going to find me out and show me the door . This is called impostor syndrome , which I know a lot about ( I 've even written about it ) : a state in which a person is n't able to accept their accomplishments , chalking it up to luck or a mistake . But what I like to think I have been an enhanced impostor syndrome : a state in which a person goes , `` No , I know about impostor syndrome , I 've actually read the entire Wikipedia page , but this definitely is n't it , I actually am completely incompetent . '' ( But that 's just ... impostor syndrome . ) Either way , I figured : Hey , if Cookie can regain the space she 'd lost , then maybe I can carve some space out for myself .
Dressing in Cookie 's finest was a departure from my usual garb , what I like to call `` background actor in a nonspecific media setting '' — Warby Parkers , a blazer , T-shirt , skinny jeans , Converse . I brought a pile of clothes home from Cosmopolitan.com HQ on a Friday night after warning my desk mate about my imminent new look . I began my Monday commute in piles of jewelry , a leopard print skirt , and leather shirt . People were mostly unimpressed by me on the train , but I was impressed by every woman who 's ever gotten through an entire day in giant heels . My entire life flashed by , sad and pimply , through my 40 bar-holding minutes standing in platforms .
This is possibly the best photo ever taken of me in my life . I do n't know how Kanye West wears a leather shirt every day . I 'm schvitzing . FOX/Kathleen Kamphausen
Black Leather Top , MISSGUIDED , $ 17 ; Leopard Print Skirt , THALIA SODI ( Available at Macy 's ) ; Black Cape Blazer , BCBGMAXAZRIA , $ 248 ; Snake Print Clutch , REBECCA MINKOFF , $ 345 ; Gold Cuff , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 275 ; Gold Chain Necklace , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 75 ; Gold Hoop Earrings , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 75 ; Gold Dome Ring , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 180 ; Gold Tiger Ring , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 150 ; Black Pumps , MISSGUIDED , $ 43 ; Black Sunglasses , DIOR
I stumbled to my desk . My coworkers noticed my new look immediately : tuts of approval , questions about where I bought everything . But on the second day , when I arrived in the leopard-print dress , bag , and precariously cocked hat , I had to come clean : I was doing this for an article . None of the clothes were mine . Yes , the shoes really fucking hurt .
Without fail , I tried to whip around dramatically in my chair any time someone even LOOKED at me when wearing this outfit . I only sort of fell . FOX/Kathleen Kamphausen
Spotted Fedora , ERIC JAVITS , $ 350 ; Leopard-Print Dress , VINCE CAMUTO ; Spotted Chain Bag , REBECCA MINKOFF , $ 325 ; Gold Circle Drop Earrings , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 60 ; Gold Dome Ring , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 180
The questions multiplied , my coworkers and friends tickled by my new look , but chief of all , I was asked : `` Do you feel any different ? ''
The night I got the clothes , I watched some back episodes of Empire ; the Lyon family , blessed as they are with vices and good looks , are united primarily because of Cookie . At their surface , she 's a nettlesome ex-wife and mother stomping back into the lives of people who managed to forget her ; in truth , she 's resilient but terrified , attempting to regain what they founded ( the record company ) without diluting the cohesion of what they created ( her family ) . But most of all : She 's brave .
Your girl in the leather pants , however , was not . `` I feel really self-conscious , '' I confessed to a colleague when they asked . I did n't feel more powerful or cocksure or fabulous or Cookie-esque at all . I felt garish and ostentatious . I was happy to relay the ridiculous details of my assignment , quick to admit that I was playing a part , but when it came time to be myself — to speak up in a meeting or run up to the cafeteria alone — it was like all the progress I 'd made in the past six months to overcome my insecurities was gone .
I wore these shoes to a bar later that day and my feet swelled up so much that they would n't fit in the shoes and my boyfriend had to carry me home . Moral of the story : Do n't ever leave your house . FOX/Kathleen Kamphausen
Black and White Top , BCBGMAXAZRIA , $ 298 ; Black Leather Coat , KENNETH COLE , $ 795 ; Black Quilted Leggings , BCBGMAXAZRIA , $ 88 ; Fringe Handbag , STELLA MCCARTNEY ( Available at bagborroworsteal.com ) ; Gold Prism Bangle , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 100 ; Tiger Cuff , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 450 ; Chain Necklace , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 75 ; Crystal Triangle Necklace , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 200 ; Black Sunglasses , DIOR ; Black Pumps , MISSGUIDED , $ 43
It 's important to note , here and everywhere , that I 'm a black woman . `` Ghetto '' is a word that most conversations about Empire have managed to dance around , but it kept rattling in my head that week . Say you 're writing a TV show , and you have a woman who knows what they deserve , who takes great care in their appearance and does n't take shit from anybody , and she 'd probably be described as powerful , independent , trailblazing . Now make their black : She 's vivacious , or the kiss of death , `` sassy . '' Now dress them in leopard prints and giant rings ? She 's `` ghetto . '' It 's easy to distance yourself from the connotations of Cookie when she 's on your TV — she 's a character — but what happens when she 's in your face ? My exterior now telegraphed something totally different from my norm , and I did n't quite know how to deal with it . Everyone I knew treated me the same — I 'd smack them if they had n't , a Cookie trait I was born with — but I could feel strangers reading me differently .
The day I wore the leopard-print fedora and dress , I noticed a man giving me a strange look . I 'm a woman and I 'm alive , so men give me weird looks all the time , but this one was pointed and full of surprise , cast my way as I was walking into the building . The New York Times office is on Eighth Avenue , the only stately thing in the neighborhood ; subtle but formidable , a place where Big Things Happen . The man soaked up the sight before them — a flamboyantly dressed black woman clomping their way into the hallowed halls of the Grey Lady — and their look asked , `` Who are you to be here ? '' It was the same question I 'd been asking myself since I started .
Dressing like Cookie for five days was n't the secret elixir to my anxieties , but here 's what I learned : How to say `` fuck you . '' I did n't say it to the sidewalk man — I 'm a lady for goodness ' sake , I work at the New York Times — but I started saying it to anyone who had wronged me that week ( street catcallers , people who entered the subway before I exited , men ) , which meant I had to say it to myself . This is Self-Improvement 101 : One of the first steps to solving a problem is to figure out who is causing it — and sometimes that person is you . I was angry with myself — for psyching myself out , for convincing myself that I did n't belong to a place that had welcomed me with open arms , for wasting time meandering instead of improving , for not just learning how to spell the word `` February . '' So I did it : Fuck you , self , for being so goddamned scared . No one can improve the situation at hand more than you . No one knows this more , at least on FOX 's Wednesday night lineup , than Cookie .
I wore this to the New Yorker Festival , and the editor of the magazine , David Remnick , arrived wearing the same thing . Totally embarrassing . FOX/Kathleen Kamphausen
Leopard Button-Down Shirt , VINCE CAMUTO ( Available at Dillard 's ) , $ 89 ; High-Waisted Pants , MISSGUIDED , $ 34 ; Wool Coat , MISSGUIDED , $ 111 ; Black Skinny Belt , WILFRED ( Available at Aritzia ) , $ 45 ; Camel Hat , FOREVER 21 , $ 20 ; Gold Hoop Earrings , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 75 ; Black Pumps , MISSGUIDED , $ 43
From then on , the challenge was just a fun game of What I Would Wear if I Were Rich and Ridiculous ? I got to carry a purse worth more than my couch . I wore a fur coat to brunch and got to text the words `` I am wearing a fur coat to brunch . '' I took more selfies than I have all year . I started a group text with all my closest female friends , sending them each day 's outfit before I left the house , their praise , emoji-laden and sweet , pushing me out onto the street , holding me up .
When I told that coworker that I felt foolish and gaudy in my clothes , they were surprised . `` I think you look amazing , '' they told me . `` Like you could get anything you ever wanted . '' You just have to believe .
I do n't make the rules , but when you have a fur coat in your possession , you have to lounge around wearing nothing but it and your fanciest underwear . Also , I 'm really glad I did n't know this coat costs $ 4,000 . FOX/Kathleen Kamphausen
Black and White Graphic Dress , RONNY KOBO ( Available at Shopbop ) , $ 239 ; Black Fur Coat , POLOGEORGIS , $ 4,000 ; Snake Print Clutch , VINCE CAMUTO , $ 106 ; Black Pumps , MISSGUIDED , $ 43
You ca n't see it here , but my butt in this dress likely classifies as a work of art . If I actually achieved something with my life and then had to be rendered as a wax figure so people could take selfies with me while the real me was off accomplishing real things , I 'd want to wear this dress . FOX/Kathleen Kamphausen
White Long-Sleeve Dress , BCBGMAXAZRIA , $ 368 ; Tiger Cuff , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 450 ; Gold Dome Ring , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 180 ; Red Snake Print Heels , VINCE CAMUTO . $ 139
This is the best my boobs have ever looked . FOX/Kathleen Kamphausen
White Halter Jumpsuit , BOOHOO , $ 35 ; Gold Circle Drop Earrings , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 60 ; Gold Tassel Necklace , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 113 ; Tiger Cuff , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 450 ; Gold Dome Ring , KENNETH JAY LANE , $ 180 ; Snake Print Clutch , VINCE CAMUTO , $ 106 ; Snake Print Heels , VINCE CAMUTO
Jazmine Hughes is an associate editor at the New York Times magazine . They feel better every day .
The above photos were taken over the course of one shoot in or around Cosmopolitan.com HQ . Makeup by Lauren Lebowitz for GLAMSQUAD . Follow them on Instagram .
But Madafferi is no ordinary glad-hander . Tony Madafferi has been named in two coronial inquests as a Mafia boss and suspected hitman . Years later , they will be banned from stepping foot in Crown after Victoria 's chief commissioner analyses two decades of allegations made against them in court and police files , including surveillance pictures and phone taps revealing Madafferi 's deep ties to organised crime . By the time of the meeting with Howard and other politicians ( the photos come from among dozens of Madafferi that were taken during Liberal fundraising events in the early 2000s ) , they had , in allegations they deny , been named repeatedly in court as a crime figure . The first adverse public reports about Madafferi – who has never been charged with an offence and denies any wrongdoing – date to the early 1990s , when they were named in two coronial inquests as a Mafia boss and suspected hitman .
In 1995 , a major National Crime Authority Mafia inquiry , obtained by Fairfax Media and Four Corners , said : `` Antonio Madafferi 's ... membership of a secret society [ linked to crime ] must be considered as highly probable . '' Pat Sergi is an alleged Mafia associate . In the Federal Court in 2000 , a police statement was aired which detailed their suspected involvement in `` substantial '' organised crime activities . Tony Madafferi 's name has come up again in recent years , this time over their close association and meetings , including a clandestine get-together in a city park , with Mafia drug traffickers behind the world 's biggest ecstasy importation in 2007 . Frank Madafferi , Tony 's brother , was granted a visa after the lobbying of several MPs .
Many would like to bury the photos of the suspected gang boss meeting Australia 's political leaders – and not only because Madafferi abhors publicity . The shots highlight an issue that politicians from both parties in Australia do not want to talk about : the way Australia 's political donation system creates an environment in which cash buys access . Howard did no more than briefly chat with Madafferi . But a small number of other Liberal figures have had far lengthier dealings with either this man or their associates , to the benefit of organised crime in Australia . Then immigration minister , Amanda Vanstone , granted Frank Madafferi a visa . Credit : Louise Kennerley Some of these interactions were around Tony Madafferi 's fight to overturn the Howard government 's deportation of their brother , drug trafficker and ruthless Mafia criminal Frank . That was a fight the Madafferi family won . The Liberal immigration minister who made the decision to give Frank Madafferi a visa , Amanda Vanstone , has also met their brother Tony . The meeting was again at a fundraising function – an event organised by Tony Madafferi in September 2004 .
Three other Liberal MPs were present that day : Marise Payne , Bruce Billson and Russell Broadbent . Each had separately contacted Ms Vanstone in connection to the Madafferis ' visa campaign after being approached by Liberal donors working for the Mafia-linked family . A year later , in November 2005 , Vanstone issued the visa . This political intervention was apparently based on the argument that Frank Madafferi 's deportation back to Italy – the country where they were convicted and jailed for violent extortion , Mafia conspiracy , stabbings , drugs and weapons offences – would unfairly impact on their wife and children . But prior to the decision to give Frank Madafferi a visa , Victoria Police warned the federal government , in comments aired publicly and repeatedly in court cases , that if they were allowed to remain in Australia , they may harm the community by continuing `` to carry out acts of violence on behalf of an organised criminal syndicate '' . A 2009 federal police review of the Madafferi family 's visa campaign described it as involving `` a co-ordinated plan of lobbying '' .
`` To ensure maximum coverage ... numerous people made approaches to two senators , three federal members of parliament and one state member of parliament , '' the report says . `` Donations to the Liberal party were also made by these lobbyists . The senators and MPs were approached on humanitarian grounds and then in turn lobbied Amanda Vanstone on those grounds . '' Questioned on their decision , Vanstone has insisted that they based it on humanitarian grounds . But the fact that some of the lobbying conducted by Liberal MPs occurred after they were approached by donors , and the fact that some of these same MPs attended a Madafferi fundraiser , raises , at the very least , a perception of donations buying access to decision makers . How many genuine refugees without criminal convictions never get help from a politician , let alone the support of several MPs ? In contrast , Madafferi 's criminal record was extensive . About 18 months after Vanstone gave them their visa on humanitarian grounds , Frank Madafferi was implicated in the world 's biggest drug importation . In 2008 they were charged with drug trafficking ( for which they were later jailed ) and in 2009 , with conspiracy to murder . The Madafferi family 's ability to get politicians to take an interest in their visa issue appears to be a textbook example of how power really works in Australia .
After John Howard won power in 1996 , Tony Madafferi and their associates spent years cultivating contacts with Liberal figures , having earlier formed ties with Labor government MPs . They organised fundraisers , attended lunches and donated funds . The amount of money Madafferi and their associates generated for the Liberal Party is likely to be in the tens of thousands of dollars ( records show one Madafferi company donated at least $ 23,000 ) , although the true figure will never be known because of Australia 's opaque fundraising disclosure laws . Whatever the true amount , the donations helped provide access . Long-time party donors and fundraising events were used as Trojan horses – a means by which Madafferi and their associates could get close to ministers . A law enforcement report describes the Madafferi visa affair as a `` case study [ that ] highlights the insidious ways that 'Ndrangheta [ Calabrian Mafia ] Transnational Australian Group enters the social or professional world of public officials and through legitimate processes achieve influence '' . Some politicians sniffed a rat . Around 2003 , an astute staffer in John Howard 's office warned the then prime minister that an associate of Madafferi , political donor and alleged Mafia associate Pat Sergi , might be at a fundraiser . Sergi was once named in a royal commission as a Mafia money launderer . The prime minister never showed up . When Kevin Rudd was prime minister , they also are warned to leave a fundraiser that was attended by Madafferi and several other alleged Mafia figures .
`` Rudd disappeared before anyone could say hello , '' recalls an attendee . Bruce Billson told Fairfax Media they were `` deceived '' by the Liberal donor and relative of Frank Madafferi who got Billson to lobby on the visa case on humanitarian grounds , but did not tell the MP about Madafferi 's Mafia activities . `` The request made of me for assistance … was a contrived veneer covering a far darker and disturbing situation , '' they said . Billson also says that after they learnt more about the matter , they `` ceased contact with all parties involved and stridently expressed my bitter disappointment '' to the Liberal donor . It was Pat Sergi , the alleged Mafia money launderer and political donor to both parties , who approached Payne to intervene in the Madafferi visa case . Payne also flew to Melbourne to attend the Madafferi fundraising function .
In a statement , a spokesperson for Ms Payne said they had `` no knowledge , or any cause to be aware of , any criminal associations in relation to those constituents at the time '' . Russell Broadbent failed to respond to repeated efforts to get them to answer questions about the case . Broadbent , though , appears to have deeper ties to Madafferi and their associates than any of their Liberal colleagues . The federal police investigated the Madafferi donations and lobbying , but stated the `` nexus between those donations identified and any political leverage could not be substantiated '' . They were , in part , blinded by Australia 's inadequate disclosure regime . Their inquiry , recently obtained under freedom of information laws , warned that police had found `` numerous issues relating to the disclosure of donations to political parties '' . These `` issues '' meant investigators have limited oversight of who was donating how much , and why .
`` A trend was identified where donors would pay a large fee for entrance to a political fundraiser which was not disclosed , '' the police report says . `` Another example was a raffle where a car was donated as a prize and then tickets sold for $ 1000 each . A money bucket if left out at a function can be filled with anonymous donations . `` Political donations will most likely remain a contentious issue . While political donations are paid , there will always be scope for potential corruption . '' Then , for an Australian public interested in having a clean and fair political system , came the killer line . `` It is difficult to identify any bribery in the form of political donations if the recording of those donations is limited . ''
Here are a few interesting facts about Killzone : Shadow Fall to kick off this article : The finished game including individual assets for all the levels comes in at 290GB of data . The final version of the game being burned on to PS4 Blu-ray discs is 39.7GB . And the most surprising fact of all is that Killzone 3 on the PS3 is actually larger , with 41.5GB of disc space required .
The main reason for this massive amount of data is textures . The PS4 is a much more powerful machine than the PS3 , and can therefore handle a much higher resolution of textures and needs more of them due to the size and openness of the levels . So why does Killzone 3 need more storage space ?
Guerrilla Games has explained that storage space was n't really an issue for Killzone 3 because they had a 50GB Blu-ray to play with . It 's not that the textures and other assets were massive , it 's the fact that they were small enough to be included on the disc multiple times for each level in order to speed up loading and streaming when playing the game . The same was true of any video footage . Doing the same thing for Killzone : Shadow Fall ended up producing a 290GB disc image , which was clearly unacceptable .
The final 39.7GB image has been produced after Guerrilla spent a lot of time optimizing the game . Not by cutting down on file sizes and notching down the quality , but simply by being clever with texture reuse and the layout of the data on the disc . The end result is a next-gen game that easily fits on a Blu-ray . It also supports Sony 's PlayGo system , which allows you to start playing a PS4 game before it finishes downloading . For Shadow Fall , only 7.5GB of the game is required before play can begin .
Now for another fact to finish that is sure to be well met by gamers : Shadow Fall has no logos or splash screens when the game starts , and no loading screens beyond a 30 seconds period when play begins . That 's impressive , and I for one hope it becomes a common theme for next-gen games .
Democrats may not have been as divided as we were led to believe during the 2016 election season . I received daily abuse from `` pro-Bernie '' Twitter accounts I now know were not real people , but Russian bots .
When it was revealed during the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing that Russian bots ( computer algorithm controlled social media accounts ) on Twitter had masqueraded as “ Bernie Bros ” during the 2015-2016 election cycle , it was not news to me — it was confirmation of my experience .
During the campaign season , I was vocal on Twitter about my support for Hillary Clinton . As a result , I became used to receiving sexualized and gendered abuse , and even rape and death threats , on a daily basis .
A great deal of the abuse came from so-called # MAGA accounts , the “ Make America Great Again ” hashtag by which Donald Trump supporters , and those pretending to be such , identified themselves . As more and more information came out about Trump 's ties to Russia , I began to suspect — correctly — that many of these accounts were not real people but rather were accounts with fake identities or bots .
Indeed , some estimates now say that as much as one-fifth of Twitter traffic was controlled by pro-Trump , anti-Clinton bots and troll accounts during the election . With these # MAGA account attacks , it was relatively easy to block them and move on — emotionally , at least , as the abuse they delivered was easy to deflect because “ they ” were not “ people ” with whom I believed I had values in common in the first place .
However , the rest of the abuse came from accounts purporting to be supporters of Vermont Independent Senator Bernie Sanders . And these were “ people ” with whom I believed I shared common values and policy interests . Almost all of the accounts presented as men — mostly young and white — and used sexist and misogynistic tones and words . I was called “ mom ” and “ grandma ” as epithets by these “ young men. ” I was called every vile sexualized name you can imagine . For some reason that I did not understand at the time , they liked to call me a “ vagina. ” ( I now believe non-native English — i.e . Russian — speakers wrote the algorithms controlling these bots and perhaps imagined “ vagina ” to be the equivalent of the c-word when hurled at a woman . ) Not being conversant in the mechanisms of Russian psychological warfare techniques at the time , it never occurred to me that , like the # MAGA bots , these “ Bernie Bro ” accounts were actually bots too .
And the abuse from these accounts was much harder to dismiss . It went in further , emotionally speaking . The vitriol of the attacks felt like a painful betrayal . After all , “ we ” probably shared 99 percent of our political perspective ; we just supported different candidates — which is something I said repeatedly in my attempts to appeal to reason with some of the attackers over the course of those long months . Nonetheless , even the mildest criticism of Sanders or comment of support for Clinton would bring out a swarm of these “ Bernie Bro ” accounts spouting off with abusive language and mockery .
It was not just me who experienced this — nearly every female supporter of Clinton I know who was outspoken on Twitter or Facebook received similar treatment . In addition , men of color who were vocal Clinton supporters were targeted in a similar way . The abuse was also highly targeted toward journalists , especially female journalists reporting on the primary and opinion journalists who were supportive of Clinton .
None of us knew we were being targeted for psychological warfare by a foreign power during these exchanges .
The attacks started in late 2015 and escalated through early 2016 . Most of these accounts no longer exist to link to , but others on Twitter noticed similar patterns .
@ aravosis
Fwiw , I am not infrequently called `` mom '' or `` grandma '' as a SLUR by Sanders supporters on here . — Leah McElrath ( @ leahmcelrath ) April 19 , 2016
It 's only 10am . Sanders supporters have already called me an `` old white bitch '' , a `` melodramatic moron '' , an `` old fossil '' , and a `` vagina '' . — Leah McElrath ( @ leahmcelrath ) May 19 , 2016
Today is going to be awesome ! pic.twitter.com/f9TwFQxgYf — Tamara Keith ( @ tamarakeithNPR ) June 7 , 2016
Me too . If I do n't get called cunt , shill , bitch , whore , & troll on daily basis I feel I 've failed — Cheri Quinn ( @ DrCheriQuinn ) June 9 , 2016
The experience was confusing and deeply concerning . I worried if my generation of feminists had missed huge numbers of young men self-identifying as progressives who so clearly hated women . I worried for my daughter 's future as they grow up and enters into a world populated by such supposed allies .
It was even worse when I spoke to friends who were Sanders supporters ; they often did n't believe the “ Bernie Bro ” phenomenon I described had any basis in reality . It simply did not match with their experience of Sanders supporters — they believed their reality , and I believed mine . Even my own mother ( who was a Sanders supporter ) did not fully believe me about the extent until I showed them my Twitter mentions .
As a result of this dynamic , divisions in relationships were created that had never before existed . People with common values and political goals became highly and bizarrely polarized and isolated .
And the attacks worked . Some women left Twitter altogether as a result of the abuse . Even I became far less outspoken than I normally am in the face of it . A near vacuum of public expressions of support for Clinton came to exist on social media . On their end , Sanders supporters were flooded with a wave of anti-Clinton fake news stories . Many Clinton supporters came to feel isolated , just as the Sanders supporters came to feel misrepresented . Many ( real ) people from both the Sanders and Clinton camps still harbor resentments toward the other . As importantly , we have no way of measuring the degree to which these types of “ active measure ” by Russia suppressed turnout of Clinton voters .
One thing we know for sure : it certainly suppressed our voices .
The first time I knew the # MAGA accounts had been bots , and the first time it occurred to me that the “ Bernie Bro ” accounts might also have been , was on November 9th , the day after the election . The accounts went totally silent . That is just not a normal human reaction . I had expected them to be making victory laps on Twitter . In fact , they were not just silent ; the vast majority of them were gone . Poof . I blocked thousands of these accounts on Twitter over the course of about 18 months . When I went to check my list of blocked accounts , there were about a dozen left in existence .
Their job was done : Hillary Clinton had been defeated , and Donald Trump had been elected to the office of the president of the United States .
But here is the good news : those “ Bernie Bros ” ? A significant number of them — perhaps even the vast majority of them — were bots . They were not our progressive allies , weirdly hurling racist and misogynist language in overwhelming waves . Does that mean racism and sexism are no longer a problem on the left ? Of course not . And we need to address it with our social and professional networks whenever we can — including discussion of the fault lines that were clumsily highlighted by Russian operatives .
The challenge now is to mend these tears in the fabric of the Democratic Party that were exacerbated and sometimes created whole-cloth by Russian active measures , designed to destroy America from within by turning us against one another . We can all agree we face a real and present danger from the Trump presidency and GOP control of both houses of Congress . Witnessing the Republicans ' heartless and destructive political goals laid bare , we can also all now likely agree our differences are ones of degree rather than essential values .
Our way is better than theirs . And in the silence of the bots we can hear : there are so many more of us .
We get to know a few things about the UTSA Roadrunners , the Colorado State Rams week 2 opponent . Jared Kalmus , of Underdog Dynasty , answers a few questions .
With a brand-new coach in Frank Wilson , how has the team responded to him ?
JK : Frank Wilson has brought incredible energy and excitement to the UTSA program . Things had gotten pretty stale and lethargic under Larry Coker 's watch so it 's a big swing . There 's the old saying that football teams take on the personality of their coaches and we 're definitely seeing that at UTSA . Wilson has a very authentic paternal presence to them and the players have responded to it very well . UTSA may see some growing pains in adjusting to the new system this season but there 's no denying that Wilson has them on the right track overall .
I see that UTSA did something similar to CSU at QB and waited until last second to reveal the starter . What does Dalton Strum bring over Jared Johnson as a QB ?
JK : While Jared Johnson has played more snaps in college ( albeit at the FCS level ) Sturm has more experience with this group of players and coaches . Johnson played in an uptempo air raid at Sam Houston so it 's been a big adjustment for them to step in to a pro style offense that requires them to make multiple reads and take snaps under center instead of in the shotgun . Sturm can process information quicker than Johnson , partially due to a demanding graduate course schedule for Johnson that kept them away from practices at the beginning of fall camp . While most folks claim that Johnson is more physically gifted than Sturm I politely disagree . I think Sturm is exceptional in escaping broken pockets and getting up the field when there are n't any options in the passing game .
The defense had some struggles in the first half against Alabama State . What changed at halftime to cause such a difference between the first and second half ?
JK : Intangibly , I think UTSA just cooled their nerves at the half time . Guys were overextending themselves to try to make big plays as they were understandably juiced up to start a new era of UTSA football under their new head coach . The team started to play within itself in the second half and it prevented mental mistakes . UTSA also made some changes in the gap assignments between the defensive linemen and linebackers which prevented Alabama State from blocking UTSA defenders out of the play.The shift lead to UTSA shutting down the Alabama State run game that had made some big gains in the first half .
Jarveon Williams suffered a sprained ankle . What do they bring to the table if they can go ? If they ca n't what should we expect to see out of the UTSA running game ?
JK : Jarveon Williams is officially listed as probable to play this weekend but the Roadrunners lose a big play threat if their recovery hits a snag . Sophomore Jalen Rhodes performed really well in place of Williams last week , racking up 78 yards on 16 attempts . The two backs are pretty interchangeable ( Quarterback Dalton Sturm said they sometimes forget which guy is in because they run so similarly ) but Jarveon does have an increased propensity for breaking past the second level since he 's quite a bit heavier and stronger . Williams is also a superior receiving threat out of the backfield . If they miss the game then sophomore back Brett Winnegan could be inline for some carries .
You 're surprise players on offense and defense ( who makes a difference that is n't expected ) .
JK : I 've been evangelizing for UTSA redshirt first-year student middle linebacker Josiah Tauaefa over the past year but I guess the word is out after they lead the UTSA defense with 13 tackles and two sacks in their first collegiate game . Starting strong safety Jordan Moore is a physical freak ( 6 ' 3 '' , 225 pound SEC track champion ) that can break a game open at any point . Once the game starts to click for them mentally he 'll be hard to beat . On the offensive side of the ball UTSA 's tight ends Trevor Stevens and Shaq Williams played much more well than I expected them to in the opener . UTSA is replacing stud tight end David Morgan ( now with the Minnesota Vikings ) but the duo looks ready to reproduce their production . They combined for six catches for 110 yards against Alabama State .
You 're predictions for the game .
JK : This has been the toughest game for me to call through the entire offseason and I 'm still feeling the same way on game week . I think the two teams are extremely similar in scheme and talent level . They 'll probably end with similar records . In games like these that are toss ups I usually ride with whichever team I think will have superior quarterback play . UTSA should have the edge there but I 'm very unsure about the Roadrunners ' offensive line . I ca n't shake the gut feeling that Colorado State bounces back and squeaks out a close win at home . UTSA 's kicking game has been miserable through the past 13 games so that could make a huge difference in this game . Give me Colorado State 27 , UTSA 24
Colorado State vs UTSA is Saturday September 10th at Hughes Stadium . Kickoff is at 2:05 MT . Game can be streamed on Campus Insiders and the Mountain West Network .
Here 's a breakdown of the issues Trump meandered through in their exchange with reporters on Thursday on Russia , race politics and , of course , the media
Donald Trump 's press conference on Thursday was billed as the announcement of the latest member of their administration , but it turned into one of the most compelling political spectacles in recent years as the US president attacked their critics and defended their record .
They veered from topic to topic , demanding to know whether questions would be friendly and describing media reports about their links to Russia as both fake and the result of leaks . Here are the highlights .
The Russian spy ship
After one of the numerous attempts by reporters to get Trump to answer questions over their ties with Russia , the president – unprompted – brought up the possibility they could order an attack on a Russian spy ship in international waters off the US coast . But to do so , they said , would not be good for relations with Moscow .
“ The greatest thing I could do is shoot that ship that 's 30 miles offshore right out of the water . Everyone in this country 's going to say ‘ oh , it 's so great ' . That 's not great . That 's not great . I would love to be able to get along with Russia . ”
Michael Flynn
Trump defended their former national security adviser 's actions and said they thought Flynn had done nothing wrong . “ I do n't think they did anything wrong . If anything , they did something right … But they did n't tell the vice-president of the United States the facts . And then they did n't remember . And that just was n't acceptable to me . ”
'Russia is fake news ' : Trump decries reports of pre-election communication Read more
Leaks to the media
At times Trump veered between somewhat contradictory positions . They said the leaks to the media that led to Flynn 's resignation were “ real ” , but the articles reporting them amounted to “ fake news ” .
Trump told one reporter : “ Well the leaks are real . You 're the one that wrote about them and reported them , I mean the leaks are real . You know what they said , you saw it and the leaks are absolutely real . The news is fake because so much of the news is fake . ”
The media
One of the themes Trump returned to again and again was what they called dishonesty in the media . Taking one example , they said the director of national intelligence had directly contradicted a Wall Street Journal article that reported security sources as saying some information was being kept from Trump to avoid it being leaked . Trump claimed no one had asked them for comment before publication . Their office was quoted on the paper 's front page .
They also confirmed the veracity of other stories , which they simultaneously denounced .
Trump also repeatedly made more general claims of fakery by news organisations , without backing them up with any specific complaints or facts . “ I won with news conferences and probably speeches . I certainly did n't win by people listening to you people . That 's for sure , ” they told the reporters .
“ Tomorrow , they will say , ‘ Donald Trump rants and raves at the press ' . I 'm not ranting and raving . I 'm just telling you . You know , you 're dishonest people . But I 'm not ranting and raving . I love this . I 'm having a good time doing it .
“ But tomorrow , the headlines are going to be ‘ Donald Trump rants and raves ' . I 'm not ranting and raving . ”
Donald Trump 's anti-press conference would be funny – if it were n't so scary | Richard Wolffe Read more
CNN
The US president attacked CNN in particular , claiming its on-air panels are “ almost exclusive anti-Trump ” . They said : “ I watch CNN , it 's so much anger and hatred and just the hatred … The public gets it , you know . Look , when I go to rallies , they turn around , they start screaming at CNN . They want to throw their placards at CNN . ”
BBC
When the BBC 's Jon Sopel got up to ask a question and identified himself , Trump – with a heavy hint of sarcasm – said : “ Here 's another beauty . ”
“ That 's a good line . Impartial , free and fair , ” Sopel replied .
“ Yeah . Sure . Just like CNN right ? ” Trump shot back .
Later , Sopel tweeted : “ My bosses have approved a new business card for me : Jon Sopel , Another Beauty , North America Editor . ”
Governance
Trump sought to shift the blame over the blocking of their executive order on immigration . It was not , they insisted , the result of it being badly prepared by them and their staff , but of a poor judgment by the two separate courts that found against him .
“ Let me tell you about the travel ban . We had a very smooth rollout of the travel ban . But we had a bad court . Got a bad decision . We had a court that 's been overturned . Again , may be wrong . But I think it 's 80 % of the time , a lot. ” Trump did not cite any evidence for that claim . Fact-checkers Snopes have found it to be false .
“ We had a court that gave us what I consider to be , with great respect , a very bad decision . Very bad for the safety and security of our country . The rollout was perfect . ”
Race and antisemitism
Trump to sign new immigration policy after multiple court defeats of travel ban Read more
Continuing their theme on the tone of the reporters , Trump accused a Jewish reporter of asking them a difficult question about recent instances of antisemitism in America , when , Trump claimed , they had promised to ask a “ simple , easy ” one .
They angrily told the reporter to “ sit down ” , adding : “ Number one , I am the least antisemitic person you 've ever seen in your entire life . Number two , racism , the least racist person . ”
When the journalist tried to interject , Trump shouted over him : “ Quiet , quiet , quiet . See , they lied that they were going to get up and ask a straight , simple question , so , you know , welcome to the world of the media. ” Later , they insisted that antisemitic acts that have been reported were actually the work of anti-Trump activists . Again , they offered no evidence .
Later , they asked April Ryan – a black journalist with American Urban Radio Networks – if they were friends with the Congressional Black Caucus . They had asked them if they would meet with the CBC . After asking for clarification on whom the group was , Trump told her : “ Well , I would . I tell you what , do you want to set up the meeting ? Do you want to set up the meeting ? ”
“ No , no , no , I 'm just a reporter , ” Ryan replied , before Trump pressed on : “ Are they friends of yours ? ” Finally , they told her : “ I would love to meet with the Black Caucus . I think it 's great , the Congressional Black Caucus , I think it 's great . ”
The electoral college
Trump was picked up for inaccurately claiming to have scored the “ biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan ” at last year 's election . Told by one reporter that they had done nothing of the sort ( in fact George HW Bush , Bill Clinton and Barack Obama all won more electoral college votes ) , Trump said : “ I 'm skipping that information , I do n't know , I was just given … we had a very , very big margin . ”
Pressed on why Americans should trust them when they gave them false information , they responded : “ Well , I do n't know , I was given that information . I was given – I actually , I 've seen that information around . But it was a very substantial victory , do you agree with that ? ”
When I began working on PGPy back in April , the decision to do so was not made lightly . Another software engineer here was in need of a Python OpenPGP library that was able to fulfill some requirements which the one they were using could not do . In order to help take some work off their plate , I volunteered to evaluate as many existing libraries as I could find in hopes that a good fit existed somewhere . Most of the existing options fell into one of two categories :
A direct Popen wrapper around the gpg command-line binary
A wrapper around GPGME , which is a gpg command-line binary wrapping library written in C
There were also a handful of utility libraries that could read and dump OpenPGP packet information but could not actually take any actions with them , and a couple of what appeared to be early starts on real OpenPGP implementations suffering largely from a lack of documentation and missing some parts of the OpenPGP specification that we either needed immediately , or an iteration or two down the line .
Among our requirements , the most paramount was to avoid a wrapper around a separate binary . The primary reason for this was because we wanted to be able to keep all key management tasks within a single memory address space , and to avoid the problems relating to securely sending passphrases to other processes . We also wanted to avoid having to store keys in on-disk keyring files , to be able to protect them further with other means of access control , while also adding the benefit of being able to reduce some of the disk I/O requirements for the system .
During my searches , I found what seemed to me to be a fairly decent desire for a robust OpenPGP implementation for Python that was capable of platform agnosticism , was well documented , and most importantly , easy to use . I recognized that there was a greater need outside this office that , for at least some other people , was going unfulfilled . So , I cracked open a copy of RFC 4880 , and got to work .
Other than prioritizing fulfilling my coworkers ' most immediate needs first , my primary goal while designing and implementing PGPy 's API has been to make it as easy to use , correctly , as possible . Particularly , it should be simple and natural to do the “ right ” thing from a security perspective , easy to remember without having to constantly reference the documentation , and difficult to do things egregiously insecure . I have spent a lot of time writing and rewriting documentation and unit tests to help ensure that the previous three goals are met .
The end result is a package that can accomplish a lot in very few lines of code . Consider the following example :
import pgpy my_privkey = pgpy.PGPKey.from_file ( `` path/to/my/privatekey.asc '' ) with my_privkey.unlock ( `` sooper_s3kret '' ) , open ( `` path/to/document '' , ' r ' ) as document : doc_sig = my_privkey.sign ( document.read ( ) ) with open ( `` path/to/document.sig '' , ' w ' ) as dsf : dsf.write ( str ( doc_sig ) )
In just 5 lines of code , we have loaded a private key , unlocked it using a passphrase , signed a document , and then saved the new signature to the disk . The document can now be verified with that signature using any compliant OpenPGP implementation , such as GnuPG .
PGPy 0.3.0 is not yet a complete implementation of the OpenPGP specification . Most notably , it can not yet be used to generate keys . It also does not currently implement legacy ( v3 key/signature formats ) support at all . It does , however , support signing and signature verification using RSA and DSA , asymmetric encryption and decryption using RSA , and symmetric encryption using passphrases with a variety of algorithms .
If your appetite has been whetted , a wealth of additional information about PGPy can be found in the documentation.The latest version can always be installed from PyPI using pip , and I am also working on getting packages for several Linux distributions into their repositories . The codebase itself lives on our GitHub , and any and all feedback and bug reports are welcome , encouraged , and appreciated .
Police stand guard outside the Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington as security tightens ahead of Friday 's presidential inauguration . ( John Minchillo/AP )
As they held court Thursday afternoon inside the ivory-and-gold ballroom of the Trump International Hotel , President-elect Donald Trump could not resist plugging the luxurious locale playing host to their Cabinet appointees , top Republican congressional leaders and hundreds of the GOP 's wealthiest donors .
“ This is a gorgeous room , ” the soon-to-be president said of their new hotel 's presidential ballroom . “ A total genius must have built this place . ”
Out in the airy lobby , where 4,000 red , white and blue balloons were cosseted in nets far above the crystal chandeliers , Trump supporters snapped selfies with incoming White House aides Kellyanne Conway and Sean Spicer and other boldface surrogates who waltzed through the room . Major party fundraisers from Texas and New York huddled at the marble bar . Waiters rang bells before sabering the corks off champagne magnums .
The U.S. Capitol is the backdrop for the official swearing-in ceremony on Friday , but the hub of inaugural action is Trump 's hotel , the site of a slew of official events and some of the week 's most sought-after private gatherings .
The main draw : “ Donald Trump owns it , ” said Doug Deason , a Dallas investor . “ So many of the parties will be here . It 's electric — nobody wants to go to bed . ”
( The Washington Post )
Nevertheless , after they awake Friday , the hotel will become the site of the first clash between Trump 's business interests and their presidency .
At 12:01 p.m. , when Trump becomes president , they may be in violation of their lease for the building , which is owned by the federal government . The agreement includes a clause barring any “ elected official of the Government of the United States ” from deriving “ any benefit ” from the agreement .
Ethics experts warn of other potential conflicts . For instance , if the hotel continues to rent ballroom and meeting space to foreign officials , it could run afoul of the Constitution 's emoluments clause , which bars the president from accepting benefits from foreign leaders .
For their part , Trump appears unconcerned about using their weighty platform to promote their business . On Wednesday night , with members of the news media in tow , they made an unscheduled stop at the hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue NW , drawing applause as they worked the lobby , greeting friends and supporters .
Spicer , Trump 's incoming press secretary , dismissed questions about whether it was appropriate for the incoming president to be putting a spotlight on their hotel — even offering an endorsement of the facility .
“ He is going to their own hotel ? ” Spicer said . “ I think that is pretty smart . I think the idea that they are going to their own hotel should n't be a shocker . It 's a beautiful place . It is somewhere they are proud of and symbolic of the kind of government they are going to run , ahead of time and under budget .
“ It 's an absolutely stunning hotel , ” Spicer continued . “ I encourage you to go there if you have n't been by . ”
President-elect Donald Trump gestures toward their wife , Melania , during a luncheon Thursday at Trump International Hotel . ( Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images )
[ The Constitution may have something to say about how Trump runs their D.C. hotel ]
Trump 's election in November kicked off a surge of interest in the luxury property , located in the historic Old Post Office Pavilion , which opened its doors in the fall . Rates this week were five times higher than normal – meaning many of the rooms are running at least $ 2,000 a night — and required a five-night minimum beginning Tuesday .
“ Business is fantastic , ” said the hotel 's managing director , Mickael Damelincourt . “ The bar is packed every night . There is such a good energy to the place . I think it is really becoming a gathering place for Washington , D.C . ”
On Thursday afternoon , well-heeled friends of the next president were ushered into a private room off the lobby marked “ Trump Townhouse , ” emerging with stuffed gift bags . An Ecuadoran official in town for the inauguration dined on tuna tartare at the bar . Longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone made a cameo in the lobby .
For Trump fans such as Vaughn Lower , who came from San Diego for the inauguration , it was the perfect place to be .
“ I mean , where else would you want to be if you 're a Trump supporter ? ” said Lower , 28 , their red “ Make America Great Again ” hat firmly in place as they worked the room , gathering signatures and snapping selfies .
Lower had scored autographs from Conway , Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. and “ Pawn Stars ” star Rick Harrison in a black notebook they titled “ The Inauguration Guest Book . ”
Tara Memmen , 46 , of Fairfax Station , Va. , and Lisa McCollough , 46 , of Coronado , Calif. , arrived early with their families Thursday to have breakfast at the in-house restaurant , BLT Prime , then stayed for several hours to soak in the scene .
“ It just feels like this is the very heartbeat of what Trump stands for , of what they have built from the ground up , ” McCollough said . “ Everyone wants to come and be part of it . ”
Them 18-year-old son , Evan , excitedly rattled off everyone they had spotted : Spicer , Conway , Falwell Jr .
“ I 'm kind of star-struck , because I 've been following the campaign for 18 months , ” they said . Being in Trump 's hotel , they added , was “ like the icing on the cake . ”
Trump has turned over management of their business to their sons Donald Jr. and Eric , but they do not plan to sell their assets . They said this month that they would donate “ profits ” from foreign business clients to the U.S. Treasury . However , neither Trump nor representatives of the Trump Organization have provided details on how such payments would be tracked , collected and disbursed .
Given such issues , Rep. Elijah E. Cummings ( Md . ) and other congressional Democrats have pushed the General Services Administration to cancel the Old Post Office Pavilion lease .
GSA officials have said that no violations have yet occurred .
“ No determination regarding the Old Post Office can be completed until the full circumstances surrounding the ­President-elect 's business arrangements have been finalized and they have assumed office , ” the agency said in a statement .
[ Update : Feds say it 's ‘ premature ' to judge lease for Trump 's D.C. hotel ]
By then , of course , GSA will be part of the new administration — raising the prospect of a Trump appointee renegotiating the lease with one of their sons .
Steven L. Schooner , a professor of government procurement law at George Washington University , said they feared that the GSA would “ just bury its head in the sand and hope the storm blows over ” even though “ this problem is n't going to get better with time . ”
“ Anything they do will be heavily scrutinized and , as we 've seen , the Trump Organization pulls no punches in attacking its enemies , all too often without regard for objectivity , facts , or principles , ” they said . “ Just think about it : Who wants to go to war with the president , who selects your bosses and replaces them at will ? ”
Rosalind S. Helderman contributed to this report .
AAP Government has `` superseded '' the Delhi Waqf Board , transferring all its powers and duties to the Secretary ( Revenue ) in the city administration .
`` In exercise of the powers conferred under Section 99 ( I ) of the Waqf Act , 1995 , the Government of NCT of Delhi hereby supersedes the Delhi Waqf Board with immediate effect for a period of six months , '' said a notification issued by Revenue Secretary A Ambarasu on October 10 , 2015 .
Rana Parween Siddiqui , Chairperson of the Board , said they have `` filed an appeal in the Delhi High Court seeking quashing of the notification . The court will hear the case on October 30 . ''
The notification has also stipulated that `` in accordance with Section 99 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the Waqf Act , 1995 , all the powers and duties of the Board under the provisions of the Act will be exercised and performed by the Secretary ( Revenue ) Government of NCT of Delhi . ''
`` I received the notification on October 15 and stopped going to Waqf Board office , '' said Rana who has also filed a writ petition in the High Court for notification of their election as Chairperson of Delhi Waqf Board by the Delhi Government .
Rana was elected as Chairperson of the Delhi Waqf Board in a meeting of members of the Board on January 20 .
`` There are a total of seven members of Delhi Waqf Board . At the time of my election , there were only six members out of whom four elected me as Chairperson of the Board , '' they said .
However , their election was not notified by Delhi Government , against which they filed the petition in Delhi High Court .
The court in its order on April 29 had directed the respondent Delhi Government to maintain status quo vis a vis position of the Chairperson till further hearing .
`` The notification issued by the government superseding Delhi Waqf Board despite the status quo order by the High Court is a clear case of contempt of court . I will move a separate application in the court regarding this , `` they added .
After a successful 2015 season , Carowinds made two huge announcements this fall for the 2016 Season ; a rebranding and expansion of their current “ Boomerang Bay ” Water Park into Carolina Harbor , as well as the transformation of the park 's former Action Theater into Plants vs. Zombies : Garden Warfare 3Z Arena .
Late last week , Coaster101 had the opportunity to visit the park and check out some of the construction that is going on this off-season throughout the park .
Starbucks
As part of the Carolina Harbor Announcement , Carowinds announced a 3000-square-foot Starbucks would be built on the site of the former Plaza Gifts location at the park 's entrance .
Plaza Gifts has been demolished , and vertical construction on the new Starbucks will begin soon .
Woodstock Express
Woodstock Express , after celebrating its 40th season at Carowinds in 2015 , is receiving some minor track work in the station as well as on the coaster 's first turn .
\
Plants Vs. Zombies Garden Warfare : 3Z Arena
A lot of the exterior work has not yet begun on the Action Theater 's transformation into Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare 3Z Arena just yet . Soon the Action Theater will resemble the following images , taken of a model at this year 's IAAPA Conference in Orlando by Alterface Projects , one of the companies help bring the Plants Vs. Zombies arena to life .
Something interesting I caught in these next two photos were the remnants of the “ Days of Thunder ” mural . “ Days of Thunder ” was one of the first experiences in the Action Theater , and was based around the 1990 Paramount film of the same name . ( You can see the stock car sponsors in the second photo )
Work was being done inside the former arcade at the Action Theater . ( also home to SCarowinds ' Last Laff Maze )
Carolina Harbor
Tons of construction progress was being made over at the Carolina Harbor site .
No stone was being left unturned , as the expansion and rebranding will introduce an all-new water park in Carolina Harbor .
Dorsal Fin Drop and Surfer 's Swell , opened in 2014 , will be maintaining their names and colors .
We climbed the Dorsal Fin Drop and Surfer 's Swell tower to get a bird 's eye view of new construction .
Above : the site where Blackbeard 's Revenge Slide tower and landing pool will be .
Lots of great things out in the parking lot , waiting to be erected .
Carowinds ' new exit from Dorsal Fin Drop and Surfer 's Swell :
Thanks to Carowinds for letting us take a glimpse into offseason construction . For more information about Carolina Harbor , be sure to visit the Carolina Harbor website and construction blog .
This past weekend , Iamsu ! mixed music and fashion when they and the HBK Gang visited Pink Dolphin in San Francisco to release their Heartbreak Camo Pack line . Folks who attended the event received the Camo EP , a three-song project that featured new music from the 24-year-old rapper .
Those three records can now be streamed below . `` Plan B '' includes a verse from Las Vegas rapper Dizzy Wright , while `` The Weather '' finds Iamsu ! linking up with their HBK brethren Sage The Gemini . This should hold fans over for the time being as Iamsu ! is currently at work on their debut album Sincerely Yours , which will be released in April .
RELATED : Iamsu ! , 2 Chainz , and Sage The Gemini Are Looking for `` Only That Real ''
RELATED : Interview : Iamsu ! Talks Sphinx Chains , College , & Their Opinion of `` Yeezus ''
RELATED : Iamsu ! and the HBK Gang Declare They 're `` Never Goin ' Broke '' In New Music Video Featuring Kehlani
Jim Riger Sr. , Assembly District 24 Republican candidate , poses for a portrait in Reno on Aug. 17 , 2016 . ( Photo : Jason Bean )
10:47 p.m. update :
Late Monday night , Assembly Majority Leader Paul Anderson released the following statement in reaction to this report on behalf of the Assembly Republican Caucus :
“ The Assembly Republican Caucus is shocked to hear of the actions of Jim Riger Sr. and the disturbing nature of their emails and social media posts . This appalling behavior is sickening and absolutely unacceptable . Our caucus strongly condemns this conduct . At no time have any of the leaders of the Assembly Republican Caucus had any communication with Mr. Riger and our caucus has not supported their campaign for Assembly in any way . We ask for them to immediately withdraw from the race . ”
Original story :
Police are investigating how nude photographs of a Republican candidate for state Assembly were emailed to a party leader , in what the candidate described as a social media hack and extortion plot against him .
Kim Bacchus , campaign chairperson of the Washoe Republican Women and chairperson of the Republican Women of Northern Nevada PAC , said they received photos of Jim Riger Sr. , the Republican candidate for Assembly District 24 in downtown Reno , from Riger 's email address in June .
Riger denied they sent the photos . They said someone hacked their account and has been extorting them to drop out of the race , which they said they intend to do . Riger also said they suffer from a traumatic brain injury .
Bacchus said Riger was on a mailing list for the Washoe Republican Women when a group email went out on June 9 seeking support for Republican primary campaigns .
Bacchus received a response from Riger 's email account that said , “ am not the right man dont vote for me ( sic ) , ” they said . The email also included explicit selfies of Riger and photographs of genitalia , Bacchus said .
“ I do n't think they specifically sent that to me , I think they sent it to whoever sent out that general email , ” they said . “ I did n't feel like I was being targeted myself . ''
Bacchus filed a police report .
“ I believe it 's in the best interest of the community that Mr. Riger step down from their candidacy , ” they said .
State Republican Party Chairman Michael McDonald called for Riger to immediately remove themselves from the race .
“ The Nevada Republican Party has not worked with Jim Riger Sr. and will not be supporting them in any future capacity , ” McDonald said . “ The actions displayed by this individual are both reprehensible and disgusting , and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms . There is no room for this kind of behavior in our party or our political process . ”
In an interview with the Reno Gazette-Journal , Riger said the pictures were of him , but they did not send them to Bacchus , who they said they do n't know . They said their social media accounts have been hacked multiple times and they are currently being extorted .
“ They 're telling me that they want me to quit running for the state Legislature and if not they 're going to go viral and send pictures , ” Riger said . “ It 's all documented with the Reno Police Department . ”
Police said they could not discuss details of ongoing investigations .
Riger said they do not know who would extort them or why , but thought it had something to do with them being Jewish .
The photos , Riger said , were meant for online girlfriends he 'd been in contact with for more than a year .
Riger 's Twitter account , @ riger_sr , is mainly a conglomeration of sports and hardcore pornography retweets . Retweeted photos included pictures of porn actor Ann Angel , whom Riger identified as one of their online girlfriends . Angel did not respond to an email request for comment .
Riger , an Air National Guard veteran , said they suffer from a traumatic brain injury and told the RGJ in an interview that they are “ about 80 percent ” disabled .
They were arrested in 2010 on a failure to appear charge regarding an RPD traffic citation , but has no reported history of sexual misconduct .
Riger has not actively campaigned for the Assembly seat , and has not filed the required campaign expense report . Nevertheless , his name will appear on the ballot opposite Democratic Assemblywoman Amber Joiner . The deadline to withdraw from the race was July 22 .
Riger said removing themselves from the race now would mean the extortionists win , but they planned on doing so .
Seth A. Richardson covers politics for the Reno Gazette-Journal . Like them on Facebook here or follow them on Twitter at @ SethARichardson .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.rgj.com/2bhd2F6
`` What you have to understand is that my mother never raised their voice and when I confronted them about their treatment of me—her put-downs and criticisms , how they said I was the problem because I was too sensitive—that was the first thing they said : ‘ How can you accuse me of that when I never raised my voice , not once , to you or anyone else ? ' Well , abuse can be very quiet . '' — Kaitlyn , 45
`` I felt invisible in my . My mother would ask me what I wanted to eat and then serve me something else . She 'd ask if I were hungry and if I said I was n't , she 'd go ahead and make me something and then look hurt or angry if I did n't eat it . They did this constantly and it involved literally every . If I wanted red sneakers , she 'd buy blue ones . I knew exactly how little I mattered to them As an adult , I lack in my own tastes and judgment . '' — Alice , 50
Source : VGstockstudio/Shutterstock
It 's not just that the culture assesses verbal abuse as less damaging than the physical kind—which it is not—but that when most people think about verbal abuse , they tend to summon up images of someone screaming and yelling . They imagine that the decibels are loud and the pitch is fevered , and that the person shouting is out of control , shaking with rage or intent . But while that 's true in some households , it is n't always . In fact , counterintuitively enough , some of the worst kinds of verbal abuse are quiet ; silence in answer to a question asked or a comment made can pack a mightier wallop than a loud rant . Silence effectively ridicules and shames .
The child subjected to quiet abuse often experiences more emotional confusion than one who 's being yelled at or insulted , precisely because the absence of rage sends mixed signals and the behind willful silence or a refusal to answer is impossible for a child to read . There 's a special kind of hurt in being treated as though you 're invisible , or that you are so unimportant in the scheme of things that you 're not even worth answering . Is there anything more chilling and hurtful than seeing your mother act as though they ca n't see you , their face calm ?
Everything science has learned about the effects of verbal abuse applies to the quiet variety , too , chief among these being :
Alteration of the child 's developing brain .
Internalization of the messages conveyed into a habit of self-criticism , attributing setbacks or mistakes to fixed flaws in character .
Insecure style of and maladaptive ways of coping that interfere with healthy ways of relating .
Impaired and problems managing and regulating emotions .
There are specific kinds of “ quiet ” verbal abuse , each of which affects a child differently . Of course , the effects do n't end with childhood but carry over into adulthood in myriad ways . I 've categorized them in a descriptive , rather than scientific , manner though research confirms all of these behaviors .
1 . Disappearing Act : Being Ignored
Much of the information children have about the world and comes to them second-hand . With a caring and attuned mother who responds to their or their cues , a child begins to fathom that they or they matter and is worthy of ; these are the seeds that yield healthy . The attentive mother communicates the message that “ You 're fine just as you are , ” giving the child the courage and confidence to explore the world . But the child with a mother who ignores them learns instead that their place in the world is precarious , even though they do n't know why .
Thanks to the work of Edward Tronick , their colleagues , and the “ Still-Face ” experiments conducted almost 40 years ago , we actually know how being ignored affects infants and toddlers . ( At the time , it was widely believed that infants as young as four or five months did n't actually interact with their mothers . ) Tronick videotaped mothers interacting with infants who cooed , pointed , vocalized , and waved their arms in response to their mothers ' smiling faces , words , and gestures . ( Keep in mind that using videotape in this way in 1978 was new and innovative . ) Then Tronick had the mothers simply stop and present a still , expressionless face to their babies . Initially , the babies continued to vocalize and gesture but when the mothers ' faces continued to be emotionless , the babies looked away and then began to wail . The tapes show the infants literally collapsing in their chairs , overwhelmed by feeling .
Studies done with toddlers , capable of speech , showed precisely the same pattern when their mothers stopped interacting and presented the still face . They began by trying to re-engage their mothers—doing all the cute things that usually worked—but when those failed , they turned their backs on their mothers . Avoidance was preferable to feeling the pain of being ignored , excluded and loveless .
Of course , in the experiment , the mother 's smiling face returned and the babies recovered , though not quickly or completely . But served up on a daily basis , the effects of being ignored on a child 's development are complex and profound . The coping mechanisms they or they adapt—an or avoidant attachment style—affect their long past childhood and into adulthood and , without or some other earned attachment , for life .
2 . Deadly Quiet : Stonewalling
From a child 's perspective , being stonewalled may seem very much like being ignored but it has different emotional consequences , especially as they or they mature ; intense and frustration , directed at the person stonewalling them or her , may be par for the course . It 's not an accident that what experts call Demand/Withdraw ( essentially ask/stonewall ) is considered the most toxic pattern in relationships . Marital expert John Gottman considers it a reliable sign that the union of two people is doomed to fail . It 's hard enough to deal with a stonewalling intimate when you 're an adult—your partner 's refusal to answer inevitably ratchets up your own frustration and anger—but it 's absolutely devastating to a child who does n't have any way of defending them or herself .
The child 's lack of developed and effective defense mechanisms is precisely what researchers in Israel honed in on when they examined the long-term effects of childhood emotional abuse . They concluded that the damage done to individuals ' self-esteem had much to do with the inability to protect and defend themselves and to internalizing the thought that they were n't good enough to warrant their ' attention when parents were uncaring or harshly controlling .
3 . Wounding Quiet : Contempt and Derision
Shaming a child can be accomplished sotto voce or even with physical gestures like eye-rolling or at them or them to convey contempt or making them or them the butt of jokes . This particular variety of can become a sport in some households , if siblings are asked to join the fray and make the child a scapegoat . Controlling parents or those who need to be the center of attention often use these techniques to maintain the dynamics of the household as they want them . Once again , damage can be done without a raised voice .
4 . Bait and Switch :
This tool of manipulation is aimed at having the child doubt their or their perceptions . ( The term derives from a play—and later a film—about a man who tries to convince a woman she 's losing their mind . ) Gaslighting does n't require shouting or yelling ; all it takes is a simple statement that something that actually happened did n't . Given the imbalance of power in the parent-child relationship—and the fact that a young child accepts the adult as the last word and authority on most things until they get old enough to begin questioning their mother 's judgment—gaslighting is relatively easy . It not only makes a child worry about being “ crazy ” but erodes their confidence in their own thoughts and feelings in a profound and lasting way . Again , keep in mind that children do n't have conscious defense mechanisms .
5 . `` For Your Own Good '' : Hypercriticality
In many households , both the loud and the quiet kinds of verbal abuse are rationalized by the need to correct perceived flaws in the child 's character or behavior . Hypercriticality—nitpicking and then magnifying every misstep or mistake—may be “ justified ” or “ explained ” by having to make sure the child “ is n't too full of himself , ” “ does n't let their successes go to their head , ” “ learns humility , ” “ knows who 's boss ” and other self-serving statements that are just excuses for cruel adult behavior . Delivered in a quiet tone , this barrage of criticism makes a child believe she 's unworthy of attention and support because she 's worthless .
6 . Utter Silence : The Absence of Praise , Support , and Love
The power of what is n't said can not be overstated because the void it leaves in a child 's psyche and heart is enormous . Children are hardwired to need all the things that the abusive parent neither voices nor demonstrates in order to thrive and develop normally . In truth , words that articulate why a child is worthy of love and attention are as essential as food , water , clothing , and shelter .
7 . Quiet and Shadows : Normalizing the Abuse
It 's a sad truth that a child 's world is so small that they or they think that what goes on in it goes on everywhere . Most children attribute verbal abuse to their flaws and “ badness '' ; as Rachel Goldsmith and Jennifer Freyd note , this attribution may actually be less scary than “ the scarier prospect that they ca n't be trusted and may help create an illusion of control. ” Even as adults , those verbally abused in the quiet manner during childhood may rationalize or normalize their parents ' behaviors for many different reasons . Seeing the ways in which you 've been wounded by those charged to love you is hard for women and men alike .
It 's not just that verbal abuse is under-reported , but it 's not written and talked about often enough , and its lasting effects are not understood by the public at large . Let 's buck the trend and start paying attention to the quiet kind , too .
This post was inspired by my readers on who asked me to address the effects of `` the silent treatment . ''
Copyright © 2017 Peg Streep
Late last month , Robert Maduri was incredibly frustrated by the snooty shopping experience they had looking for their next Ferrari . In fact , they were so incensed that they took to the web to express their displeasure .
Maduri 's story was republished here on Jalopnik with their permission . Just today , Maduri emailed us to say that the article has been totally retracted and requests it be removed . What gives ? Is Ferrari doing to them what they did to Chris Harris after writing about their test cars ?
Maduri 's post , which was published here as How Ferrari Is Losing A Generation Of Buyers , details their shopping experience at Ferrari Toronto and how they were actually so put off that they went across the street to McLaren Toronto to take a look around .
But today , Maduri 's post has been removed from their website , Double Clutch , and we received an email regarding it as well . This is what it said :
I am the author of the article `` Losing A Generation '' . That article has been retracted . I ask that you kindly cease from re-publishing that article , or its content .
Advertisement
So why is this happening ?
Ferrari is notorious for having a controlling hand with their cars , even after they leave the showroom . They even make cars that they do n't let you keep in your own home .
Advertisement
Chris Harris noted that Ferrari wo n't even let journalists drive Ferraris that are n't given to them from the factory .
If I want to drive my mate 's 458 tomorrow , I have to ask the factory . Will it allow me to drive the car ? No : because it is of `` unknown provenance , '' i.e . not tuned .
Our pieces on how Ferrari tweaks its press cars earned them a lifetime ban from Maranello . The only way he 'd get to drive a Ferrari again is buying one , which is what they did . Ferrari also shut down communications with us and we 've been invited on no Ferrari drives .
Advertisement
How Ferrari Spins I told the blokes here at Jalopnik I was pissed at Ferrari and wanted to tell a few people . They… Read more Read
Because Maduri dared to speak the truth about what they saw as flaws in Ferrari 's dealership practices , they might be facing a good amount of pressure from the Prancing Horse to take the article down so they wo n't be blacklisted by Maranello .
It could be a personal decision ( we doubt it ) , it could be the dealership , it could be many things . Given how Ferrari 's PR team uses its strong-arm techniques against journalists and customers , we can imagine them turning the heat up on someone who spoke out like this .
Advertisement
We 've reached out to Ferrari and are yet to hear a comment .
Ten people face charges — most of them for allegedly assaulting police or security guards Tuesday — as students staged a second day of protests to mark the resumption of classes at Quebec 's post-secondary schools .
In all , 21 people were detained , Montreal police said , after riot police entered the Jean Brillant building on the University of Montreal campus for the second time in a day , in response to a complaint from the university administration about classes being disrupted .
Monday 's demonstrations at the University of Montreal drew a squad of riot police . ( Radio-Canada )
The incidents Tuesday took place in the same arts building where masked protesters were confronted by police and security guards on Monday , the first day back to class at many Quebec universities following the suspension of the winter term due to a widespread student strike .
Montreal police briefly detained 19 people Monday at the University of Montreal on suspicion that they violated provisions of the province 's contentious Bill 78 , the anti-protest legislation now known as Law 12 . Bill 78 sets out stiff penalties for protesters who block schools or who fail to provide police with their demonstration itinerary eight hours in advance .
Police in vehicles were also patrolling , but not fully deployed , at UQAM , the University of Quebec 's Montreal campus , on Monday . There , dozens of demonstrators , many wearing bandanas on their faces , filed through classrooms clanging on pots , while others staged sit-ins in front of classroom doorways .
The protesters say they are only blocking classes attended by students from associations that voted in the past few weeks to continue their strike .
31,500 still on strike
Most Quebec college and university students have voted to end their boycott of courses , but 9,100 students at UQAM , 2,800 at the University of Montreal , 12,000 at Laval University in Quebec City and 7,500 at other institutions are keeping up their general strike . More than 150,000 students were on strike at its peak in the spring , representing one-third of the pupils at Quebec 's universities and CEGEP colleges .
The Quebec government officially suspended the winter term at many universities on May 18 due to the student crisis . Hundreds of courses had effectively shut down at that point , some since as early as February , because of the student boycott , campus pickets and professors ' unwillingness to teach , either in solidarity with students or in the face of the workplace disruptions . Under Bill 78 , the semester was supposed to resume this week .
The Quebec student crisis emerged from a host of concerns with the province 's education system , including financial accessibility and the corporatization of campuses . But the spark for the province-wide protests that clogged streets and shut down classes last winter and spring was the Liberal government 's plan to raise tuition by as much as 82 per cent over seven years .
The result of the Nov. 12 Mackens Semerzier vs. Robert Peralta fight has been changed to a no contest following a Tuesday hearing in California , Semerzier 's manager Brian Butler-Au of SuckerPunch Entertainment confirmed with MMAFighting.com.Peralta stopped Semerzier on the undercard of the UFC on FOX card last month after initially connecting on what appeared to be an accidental illegal headbutt . They ended up finishing a dazed Semerzier with strikes on the ground . The initial ruling was a TKO at the 1:54 mark of the third round.Semerzier appealed the result to the California State Athletic Commission , stating that the illegal headbutt led to the finish . Referee `` Big '' John McCarthy , who worked the fight , which took place at the Honda Center in Anaheim , Calif. , also sent in a letter of recommendation to the CSAC supporting Semerzier 's appeal . After reviewing the fight and the supporting paperwork filed by Semerzier 's camp , the commission decided to overturn the result.Butler-Au attended the CSAC hearing Tuesday morning in Van Nuys , Calif. Semerzier could not attend due to an illness . The commission requested Peralta to attend the meeting , but according to Butler-Au , Peralta never responded to the request.Semerzier is hoping the UFC now books a rematch between the two featherweights to finish what they started on Nov. 12 .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption LIVE : BBC News coverage as Man Booker Prize winner revealed
The winner of the Man Booker Prize for literature is revealed later , with four-time hopeful Julian Barnes favourite for The Sense of an Ending .
While this year 's shortlist has been the best-selling in Booker history , some in the literary world have accused the prize of becoming too populist .
The other nominees are Carol Birch , Patrick deWitt , Esi Edugyan , Stephen Kelman and AD Miller .
The £50,000 prize winner will be announced at London 's Guildhall .
There has been criticism of this year 's judges for putting a focus on `` readability '' of contenders .
`` I 'd rather it had n't blown up like this , but 'readability ' is a peculiar term , '' said nominee Birch .
`` What one person finds readable the next person might find incredibly boring , '' Birch told the audience at a Booker event in central London on Monday .
`` Readability and quality surely can go hand in hand , '' added the writer of Victorian adventure Jamrach 's Menagerie .
They also said they felt like a student who had passed four A levels only to read in the newspapers next morning that `` A levels are all rubbish now '' .
Five of the six shortlisted authors - Birch , deWitt , Edugyan , Kelman and Miller - attended the event .
Miller , first-time author of Snowdrops , said : `` I hope that before people decide whether they are readable , in a good way or otherwise , they will themselves read those books rather than making their minds up beforehand . ''
Kelman , another debut novelist with Pigeon English , said : `` The fact that I could be here because people want to read something I 've written is a huge privilege for me and something I 'm not going to bemoan in any way . ''
Image caption Booker 2011 judges : ( l-r ) Susan Hill , Chris Mullin , Dame Stella Rimington , Matthew d'Ancona , and Gaby Wood
Bookmakers William Hill and Ladbrokes both have Barnes to win , with Birch 's Jamrach 's Menagerie as second favourite .
`` We are bracing ourselves for a Booker battering as literary punters seem to believe Barnes is a banker bet , '' said Hill 's spokesperson Graham Sharpe .
Previous years have shown , however , that the Booker winner is notoriously hard to predict . Last year Tom McCarthy 's C had been the favourite to win , but the prize went to Howard Jacobson for their comic novel The Finkler Question .
When the final six novels were announced last month , this year 's chair of judges , Dame Stella Rimington , said the focus was on readability .
`` We wanted people to buy these books and read them , not buy them and admire them , '' said the former MI5 chief turned novelist .
But critics accused the Booker judges of dumbing down , and one group of literary leading lights announced a rival award , The Literature Prize .
The award 's backers claimed the Booker `` now prioritises a notion of 'readability ' over artistic achievement '' .
Ion Trewin , the Booker 's literary director , dismissed the announcement as `` a minor distraction '' .
`` Do I detect sour grapes in some of those who support the possibility of a new literary prize , said to be a rival to the Man Booker ? , '' they wrote in the Telegraph on Monday .
Bestselling shortlist
But this year 's judges faced more criticism from Sir Andrew Motion , who chaired the Booker panel in 2010 .
The former poet laureate told The Guardian the focus on readability `` opens up a completely false divide between what is high end and what is readable , as if they are somehow in opposition to one other , which is patently not true '' .
Earlier in October , the New Statesman 's lead fiction reviewer Leo Robson wrote : `` If things continue as they are , it is n't hard to imagine a time when the prize will be seen as a way not of celebrating novels , just of selling them . ''
William Hill said more than 50 % of all bets on the Man Booker Prize had been for Barnes , who has been shortlisted for the prize on three previous occasions , but without success .
The 65-year-old was nominated in 1984 for Flaubert 's Parrot , in 1998 for England , England and in 2005 for Arthur and George .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The 2011 Booker nominees read excerpts from their works
The Sense of an Ending has a middle-aged man reflecting on the paths they and their childhood friends have taken as the past catches up with them via a bequeathed diary .
This year 's shortlist contains two debut novelists , Miller and Kelman , as well as two women - Edugyan and Birch . Two of the authors are Canadian - Edugyan and deWitt - while the other four are British . Four of the novels are from independent publishers .
Kelman 's Pigeon English tells the story of an 11-year-old boy - recently arrived from Ghana - who investigates the murder of a local boy on a tough London estate .
Snowdrops , the story of an English lawyer 's moral meltdown in Moscow , was inspired by their time spent living and working in Russia .
Edugyan 's Half-Blood Blues begins in the 1930s Berlin with a jazz musician going missing as the Nazis take over the streets .
The Sisters Brothers , deWitt 's second novel , is set against the backdrop of the 1850s Californian gold rush and is believed to be the first Western novel to feature on the shortlist .
Jamrach 's Menagerie begins in the slums of Victorian London and sends its protagonist Jaffy Brown on a whale ship bound for the Indian Ocean .
Sales of the six novels have exceeded those of any other Booker shortlist .
According to Nielsen BookScan , 98,876 copies of the books have been sold between 4 September and 8 October , compared to 52,729 last year .
Snowdrop has been the bestselling book , shifting more than 28,500 copies .
In the same period , Jamrach 's Menagerie sold more than 16,500 copies , The Sense of An Ending 12,500 , Pigeon English 10,300 , The Sisters Brothers 7,600 , and Half Blood Blues almost 6,400 .
Rimington 's fellow Booker judges are writer and journalist Matthew d'Ancona , author Susan Hill , author and politician Chris Mullin and Gaby Wood of the Telegraph .
Hell hath no fury like a privileged white gay man who has waited too long for the next pride parade contingent to sashay by .
When # NoJusticeNoPride blocked the DC Pride parade route on June 10 , causing an hour delay to an already epic three-hour parade , you could hear the ice cubes impatiently rattling in Bloody Mary glasses for blocks . Revelers at three locations on the route were forced to contend with ( mostly black and latinx ) protesters , women and trans folks among them , shouting chants about how DC Pride was beholden to corporations and institutions and a police state that do not have their welfare in mind .
But let 's set aside their message for the moment , since it hardly mattered to angry parade attendees anyway . What infuriated them most was the timing and location for such an action , disrupting the flow of hunks and baby strollers and such . Protesters really should do their best to be , you know , obedient . They were n't . And this is why we ca n't have nice things .
The Stonewall riots were not particularly well-timed either . Those rioters – also mostly people of color , also including gender-bending outcasts – displayed the fury of years of being marginalized , discounted and mistreated . The parallels , between then and now , are plain to see , and just having to type that sentence makes me wish LGBT history were taught in schools – or shared among us , at the very least .
With a couple of days to give thoughtful consideration to the event , offended parade attendees flooded comment sections online , which is of course the perfect place to make your privilege most widely known .
After first misidentifying the protestors as Black Lives Matter because , well , all those brown-skinned arms waving around look alike , the crowdsourced idiocracy posed some deeply clueless questions . Why did n't these troublemakers try working within the DC Pride organization ? They did . Why did they have to do this at the parade ? Because it worked . Why do n't they just start their own Pride event ? Because they still maintain a shred of hope for your humanity .
I looked upon the protest with admiration and nostalgia , because an AIDS war horse like myself does n't get to witness old-school activism so much anymore . When I pointed this out to commenters , that the # NoJusticeNoPride action reflected a time when gay white men like myself felt obligated to take to the streets , the indignant responses came fast and furious .
“ But we were dying ! ” came one ill-considered retort . Yes , my darlings , we were . Like the weekly and sometimes daily murders of black trans women these days . Like the justified , mortal fear that people of color have of the police , who lined the parade route in uniform like an unspoken taunt .
Peter Staley knows a thing or two about street protests , given their iconic status as an ACT UP veteran and star of the Oscar-nominated documentary , How to Survive a Plague . He 's also gay and really white , so maybe you 'll listen to him .
“ We really pissed off the gay intelligentsia , ” Peter told me about early ACT UP days , referring to those who are appalled that # NoJusticeNoPride would dare target our own . “ William F. Buckley suggested people with HIV should be tattooed , while their wife , Patricia , was a philanthropist who was doing AIDS benefits. ” ACT UP protested at an event they were chairing because they would not repudiate their husband 's vile comments .
Oh my . AIDS activists targeted “ their own ” at an AIDS benefit during the worst of the epidemic . And yet LGBT civilization somehow remains , aside from reality programming on Logo .
“ We were despised by an entire section off the gay community , ” Peter continued , even if , in retrospect , gay men view ACT UP as heroes who changed the world . “ And we just ignored it at the time . ”
Peter also offered some important perspective on the nature of acting up . “ From a civil disobedience perspective , it was a home run , ” they said about the # NoJusticeNoPride action . “ Their issues got discussed widely . They led the news every day . ”
“ Sure , there 's a debate about what they did and how they did it , but I experienced that with every demonstration I have been involved with . And people want to complain about the disruptive effects ? Pullleeessse ! ”
Peter is making my points so beautifully I will just keep quoting him . “ The important thing here is , they had every right to protest , whether or not you agree with their message . No one was majorly inconvenienced . If anyone is claiming there were , well , that is the very height of white privilege . I mean , where 's the beef here ? Since when do LGBT Americans start complaining about people 's right to protest ? ”
My favorite string of online hysteria thus far has been the warnings that # NoJusticeNoPride is dividing us , which is exactly what conservatives want , and our internal conflict will lead to election disasters and global warming and the death of Meryl Streep .
“ People thought ACT UP was attacking allies , too , ” Peter adds . “ People like Andrew Sullivan thought our protests against the pharmaceuticals would scare them away from AIDS research. ” Instead , activism lead to accelerated clinical trials and drugs that saved lives . “ Debates about who you are targeting happen all the time . ”
So take heart , everyone . The system of speaking out and acting up is secure and even beneficial . And Peter has an even more philosophical point of view that deserves to be the final word .
“ We as LGBT people are plenty strong to handle all this , ” they said . “ We are not wilting flowers that will die because one group of LGBT Americans is demonstrating against another . This is all silly . We can take this and debate this and we can grow and be stronger for it . ”
This Story Filed Under
One of the most persistent myths is that fuel cells are always a decade away . Sadly , until recently , this was not far from the truth . In was in the last handful of years that the industry started to move to commercial production .
When I say commercial , though , it is not in the private finance sense of the word in terms of earning profits for the company , but in terms of availability to adopt ( buy or lease ) with warranty and service capability . Within the next couple of financial years , though , we will see a number of fuel cell companies turning the corner into profit . But getting back to the point of this myth , commercial availability .
Today if you want you can adopt a range of products with stationary fuel cells embedded into them . These include CHP units for commercial buildings such as hospitals and prisons and fuel cell UPS units for base stations . Outside of stationary fuel cells , which are increasingly becoming the foundation on which the rest of the industry is being built , there are forklifts and APUs for leisure vehicles in the transport sector and generators and units for remote monitoring in the portable sector . OK , that 's not an exhaustive list but already disproves the myth that fuel cells are always ten years away .
If we look forward just a little bit we see a massively expanded list of products becoming available . And trust me this table is not exhaustive , but a snapshot list . And this is my take on it . We get products a bit earlier or release dates may slip a year or do - but not a decade .
In ten years ' time , in 2021 , the energy ecosystem we live in will be very different . It will be a lot more diverse , we will use as standard a much broader range of fuels and fuel cells that will be part of the everyday transport , stationary and portable mix . You do n't have to wait a decade though to use fuel cells . You can do it today .
Photo by Josep Ma . Rosell/flickr/Creative Commons
Kerry-Ann Adamson is a research director for Pike Research with a focus on fuel cells .
65 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
( Cross-posted at Liberty On Tour . )
GREENFIELD , IN – Twenty-five years ago Frank Powell dropped a four-pound C4 bomb on a West Philadelphia row house , resulting in the deaths of five children and six adults associated with MOVE – a group that advocated for human and animal rights . Powell was never held accountable for their actions since they wore a piece of metal on their chest from the Philadelphia Police Department . Their colleagues , who had fired 10,000 rounds into the dwelling , faced no repercussions . Nor did those who ordered the use of such aggressive violence or those from the same criminal organization that had seven years prior shot-up MOVE 's previous residence .
As the video below details , the history of the Philadelphia Police Department and MOVE underscores the harm that stems from granting others authority . If this concept is new to you and you advocate for peace and believe everyone is responsible for their actions – no matter their title or amount of metal on their uniform – I encourage you to read about private defense agencies .
Much love to our good bud George Donnelly for helping to share this story .
Below are pictures from the incident set to Leftover Crack 's “ Operation M.O.V.E . ”
For coverage and analysis of other related incidents , check out four videos we shot last year when on the road with Motorhome Diaries :
If you know of an incident that happened in one of the cities that we have yet to visit that if covered , will help to showcase the violence upon which the State rests , please let us know .
65 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
Rat Tailed Spud , Scepter , Baton , Mace , Colbert County , Alabama , With Coa
$ 17000.0
Museum 1861 Military Civil War Us Army 18th Ny Infantry Band Conductor Baton
$ 7500.0
Ferrari Factory 60th Anniversary Relay Baton # 5/500
$ 5499.0
Ferrari Factory 60th Anniversary Relay Baton # 103/500 Spectacular
$ 4999.0
Original Repousse `` toussaint Baton Fatra '' Unchained Slave Haitian Primitive Art
$ 2500.0
While trailers for Jon Favreau 's upcoming take on The Jungle Book largely indicate Neel Sethi 's Mowgli as the only human character on screen , the film is stacked with an impressive voice cast behind the movie 's many animal characters . And a new set of cast photos pairs those familiar faces ( and voices ) with their animal counterparts .
Disney has released a new set of cast photos showcasing the film 's cast casually posing with their much larger ( and at times much more ferocious ) CGI characters .
The photos include Idris Elba with Shere Khan , Giancarlo Esposito with their wolf character Akela , Sir Ben Kingsley and the panther Bagheera , Scarlett Johansson and the venomous Kaa , Lupita Nyong ' o with the wolf Raksha , and Christopher Walken sitting in the shadow of King Louie the ape .
WANT MORE EW ? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies , television and music .
Check out all of the photos below . The Jungle Book hits theaters on April 15 .
Disney
Disney
Disney
Disney
Disney
PC Gamer knows about your voyeuristic tendencies for the going-ons in developer offices . In the previous entry of the Minecraft Dev Diary , we got to meet the staff of Mojang and speculate about the developer 's next game . In today 's post we get to hear from the latest hires , learn how to pimp out an office , and get details on Minecraft fashion trends .
Heya !
My name is Carl Manneh , and together with Tobias Möllstam , we 're the newest additions to the Mojang team . Jakob , who has been writing these diaries , asked me to fill in , so I 'll try to give you an update in the Mojang world .
2011 could n't have started in a better way . Minecraft got nominated in three different categories in both the GDCA and the IGF ! We have decided to take the whole team to San Francisco at the end of next month to attend GDC . Notch is going to hold a talk at one of the sessions and we 're all going to meet up with Minecraft fans , maybe even in an organized fashion . Daniel Kaplan , our business developer , and myself are going to try to line up a bunch of meetings with interesting companies that are located in San Francisco or attending the conference . Let us know if you 're gon na be there and want to meet up !
Like that great news was n't enough , the office euphoria continued as Minecraft recently passed 1 million ( ! ) copies sold , which of course is a major milestone for us . Notch celebrated with champagne , assorted nuts and tipsy tweets . We all went nuts and joined the celebration at the weekly # gamingfriday . The millionth player is now wearing the millionth-player-cape in the game . Now that is a special cape .
The first week with everyone in the office , we held a Strategy Meeting Day ( tm ) . We now have roadmaps for Minecraft , the new game and web stuff . We also started working with KanBan as development process which hopefully will help us reach the milestones we 've set up for the year . Each morning we 're having a short update meeting where everyone shares what they are working on . We 're getting organized !
The newly-established dynamic duo of Jeb and Notch is really picking up momentum . They are planning to release nightly test builds that will run parallel to the Minecraft beta game . That will give daring players a chance to test the new features we 're trying out as soon as they 're implemented . The next major addition planned is proper modding support .
The new game that Jakob is working on is coming along nicely . We already have a prototype to play around with and JunkBoy has started working on some sketches to set the graphical style of the game . It looks nothing short of awesome . As the game development moves into the next phase , we 're currently looking for a back-end developer to join Jakob and JunkBoy on the project .
Since January 1st we have had access to the whole office space and are able to start pimping it , Mojang-style . We 're putting in new floors , a new kitchen , painting the walls , adding some artwork , new lighting , foam logos , and most importantly -- putting in a Sonos sound system in all the rooms . The office is currently a big , noisy mess , and the refurbishment will take approximately 2 months , but it will be so worth it . At this time , we 're too psyched to get going with things to even notice the random compass saw or hammer-drill . I 'll try to document the process and post pictures here .
We finally got our hands on the smoking-hot official Minecraft t-shirts that ThinkGeek is making for us . The first batch they produced flew off the shelves in just a couple of days . Now they 're back in stock . Make sure to get yours before they are gone again ! We 'll soon add more merchandise and make them available both on Minecraft.net and the upcoming launch of Mojang.com .
That 's all for now , folks . For more frequent updates , make sure to follow us on Twitter , read Notch 's blog , and keep refreshing Mojang.com until we release more .
Carl Manneh
Managing Director , Mojang
In “ The Pragmatic Programmer “ , Andrew Hunt and Dave Thomas lay out many points of how to improve our craft . Point # 42 is that of “ Ubiquitous Automation ” , meaning we should seek to automate all of the repetitive tasks that we perform . Not just because they are repetitive and boring , but because the computer can perform them faster and more consistently than any human can hope .
For a current client , we are developing a highly customized Microsoft Dynamics CRM environment , hosted in the cloud . In addition to loading all of the data for the CRM instance ( contacts , accounts , teams , etc ) , we also needed to configure the environment to change default system settings , enable workflows , clear out default data , etc . The checklist for the deployment process was several pages long , took several hours each time , and it was easy to miss/forget a step . We did this at the end of every sprint to at least one environment , and sometimes more than once if the deployment failed . It 's easy to see how our client was spending a lot of money on non-value added time .
So , to address this problem , we developed a solution utilizing the Package Deployer contained in Microsoft 's SDK for CRM 2016 . It allowed us to automate almost all of the checklist for deployments , greatly increasing the speed with which we could deploy . We could also fuse this into the continuous integration process , keeping our development org in sync .
Setting the Stage
This post wo n't cover the basics of how to use the Package Deployer . Microsoft has already covered that topic fairly thoroughly here . What is n't covered as well is how to build the custom code for the BeforeImportStage ( ) and AfterPrimaryImport ( ) functions . So , lets build some functionality to automate a simple task . For this example , lets automate enabling Bing Maps in the Settings - > Administration - > System Settings area .
Building The Base
First , lets create an Interface for which all of our different tasks will implement .
namespace SocraticDev.CRM.DeployAutomation.Interfaces { public interface ICommand { void Execute ( ) ; } }
Now , let 's write our actual command to enable Bing Maps integration :
using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk ; using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Query ; using SocraticDev.CRM.DeployAutomation.Interfaces ; using System ; using System.Linq ; namespace SocraticDev.CRM.DeployAutomation.Tasks { internal class EnableBingMapsCommand : ICommand { private readonly IOrganizationService _service ; public EnableBingMapsCommand ( IOrganizationService service ) { _service = service ; } public void Execute ( ) { var orgs = _service.RetrieveMultiple ( new QueryExpression ( `` organization '' ) { ColumnSet = new ColumnSet ( `` enablebingmapsintegration '' ) } ) ; var org = orgs.Entities.FirstOrDefault ( ) ; if ( org == null ) { throw new Exception ( `` No Orgs found '' ) ; } bool bingEnabled ; bool.TryParse ( org.Attributes [ `` enablebingmapsintegration '' ] .ToString ( ) , out bingEnabled ) ; if ( bingEnabled ) { return ; } org.Attributes [ `` enablebingmapsintegration '' ] = true ; _service.Update ( org ) ; } } }
And finally , let 's execute this from the PackageTemplate.cs . Note : I 've left out most of the code from the PackageTemplate.cs file that comes pre-generated from the project template . I 've only included code that I 've added or modified .
using System ; using System.ComponentModel.Composition ; using Microsoft.Uii.Common.Entities ; using Microsoft.Xrm.Tooling.PackageDeployment.CrmPackageExtentionBase ; using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk ; using SocraticDev.CRM.DeployAutomation.Tasks ; namespace SocraticDev.CRM.DeployAutomation { /// < summary > /// Import package starter frame . /// < /summary > [ Export ( typeof ( IImportExtensions ) ) ] public class PackageTemplate : ImportExtension { /// < summary > /// Called Before Import Completes . /// < /summary > /// < returns > < /returns > public override bool BeforeImportStage ( ) { var service = GetService ( ) ; var command = new EnableBingMapsCommand ( service ) ; try { command.Execute ( ) ; } catch ( Exception ex ) { PackageLog.Log ( ex ) ; } return true ; } /// < summary > /// This method gets whatever IOrganizationService is being used by the Package Deployer UI , or the Powershell command . /// < /summary > /// < returns > IOrganizationService < /returns > private IOrganizationService GetService ( ) { if ( CrmSvc.OrganizationServiceProxy ! = null ) { return CrmSvc.OrganizationServiceProxy ; } return CrmSvc.OrganizationWebProxyClient ; } } }
In Part 2 , we 'll look at how to make these commands more configurable at runtime .
After hearing yet another friend discuss how it is impossible to live happily or even function due the many years of continuing chaos being caused by their children 's mother and the parental alienation they inflict upon them , I was alarmed but not surprised to hear them say that he 's about to give up on all their kids . I ca n't say on blame him , they have been trying for years to simply be a part of their children 's lives and is attacked and persecuted relentlessly for simply wanting to be an involved parent . The damage caused by the combination of a parental alienator and the government bullies who support and reward this and other abusive conduct by bad parents , be they abusive mothers or abusive fathers , is immense . It eats away at your peace of mind , burns holes in your soul , and drains your finances to near bankruptcy over the years . You are left but a battered shell of a person with an empty wallet unable to enjoy anything in life , unable to even have a moment of peace and contentment .
Then I remembered something I just read from our friends at CopBlock , a great web site that discusses police brutality and misconduct across the United States . CopBlock suggested that we all spend some time on Martin Luther King Jr. Day to remember the travails and tactics of the African-American leader who put the nonviolent resistance and civil disobedience tactics of India 's Gandhi into action in the United States . Civil disobedience is a just and fair suggestion for a means of action for parents being afflicted by the American courts and law enforcement and their near universal support for parental alienation , family terrorism , false accusations , and many other crimes against children and families .
Parents who are being pushed to the limit like my friend should engage in civil disobedience and rally their families and friends to do the same . Simply stop cooperating with the government . Stop paying your taxes and stop funding a system that abuses and terrorizes millions of innocent children and their loving parents . Start protesting all you can against bully judges and corrupt politicians who do nothing to protect children and good parents who are being victimized by psychologically brutal attackers in the form of alienating parents , CPS social workers , family law attorneys , and the many other criminals who scheme to use and abuse children to make a profit . Or maybe just vote with your feet by leaving the United States as it increasingly appears to be an irredeemably sick nation that persecutes good parents and innocent children in the name of profit and power of the government and its friends .
It 's often been suggested by those who claim to have a broader geopolitical view that the United States is a menace to civilization and societies across the global . Some feel this way about what the United States does to citizens of nations all over the world with its wars , police actions , and threats to pummel other nations into submission if they do not do what Uncle Sam demands . But even if you do n't buy that line of thinking , it is clear that American family law policies that rewards parental alienation , child abuse , perjury , and false accusations are inflicting an astronomical amount of damage to children and good parents . My friend ca n't take it any more and their children are about to lose their father because the government will not put a stop to the abuses inflicted by their mother . No amount of money or therapy can ever truly fix the damage they have already experienced and will continue to experience because of the failed policies of a government that encourages and rewards widespread crime by child abusers .
It 's time to put governments across the United States on notice . The huge problems that exist today with American family law and child protection systems are very similar to the problems that existed 40 years ago with reprehensible race politics and laws across the Unites States . Applying Martin Luther King Jr. 's thinking from the civil rights movement to the family law movement is a great idea . Thanks , CopBlock , for helping me to realize that .
Further Reading
American Soldiers Persecuted by American Government
American Parents , Family Policy , and Courts Contribute to Poor Student Performance
Ben Vonderheide Exposes Pennsylvania 's Abusive Child Profiteering Racket
American Judicial Terrorism May Lead to Widespread Violence
Stopping Parental Alienation Requires Family Court Reforms
Martin Luther King , Jr. Day
Martin Luther King Jr. 's Letter from Birmingham Jail
HUNTSVILLE , Alabama -- The judge ruled late today in Huntsville 's months-long desegregation dispute , clearing the way for federal attorneys to roll up their sleeves , dig deeper and and stay longer .
U.S. District Judge Madeline Hughes Haikala did n't approve the city 's plan to redraw school zones .
And they did n't approve the Justice Department 's plan .
Instead , they appointed Chief Magistrate Judge John Ott to oversee months of mediation between the two as they examine all aspects of racial disparities across Huntsville City Schools .
They also called for appointment of a Special Master to oversee the court 's ongoing fact-finding in the case .
The judge 's 107-page ruling , complete with dozens of attachments , questioned whether Huntsville school officials have acted in good faith in recent months and whether the city has done enough over the years to blame inequities on housing patterns .
U.S. District Judge Madeline Hughes Haikala
They held Huntsville did little to prepare black students for AP courses and then blamed the students for not taking them . They found the board 's commitment to the Johnson High magnet to be `` lukewarm . '' They castigated Superintendent Casey Wardynski for moving around application deadlines and `` chiseling away '' at court-ordered transfers that allow black students to switch to majority white schools .
They ordered the board immediately remove from its web site a PowerPoint presentation criticizing those majority-to-minority transfers and immediately remove another asserting the system had met the desegregation requirements regarding teaching staffs . They said the board did not meet any requirement until the court had ruled .
And they did n't accept the hurried `` community conversations '' as adequate community participation in the city 's rezoning efforts . They wrote the meetings were held days before the plan was submitted and Wardynski themselves acknowledged no changes were made as a result of meeting with the public .
`` Thus , the Board provided little opportunity for meaningful community feedback after it announced its school assignment plan . ''
This year 's contest in the 51-year-old desegregation lawsuit , Hereford v. Huntsville , stemmed from the system 's attempt to redraw zone lines . The U.S. Department of Justice serves as the plaintiff in the 1963 suit that ended a dual system based on race .
The Justice Department had objected to Huntsville 's rezoning efforts , arguing the city combined two majority black high schools and placed more students in more segregated environments . Huntsville on Feb. 7 opted to seek the judge 's approval , despite federal opposition .
That plan officially and dramatically backfired .
Judge Haikala took particular exception to much of Wardynski 's testimony , from finding their comments on federal grants untrue to finding insubstantial their objections to the federal rezoning proposals .
`` The Court strongly suspects that the district has chosen not to share many of the reasons for the choices that it made as it shaped its student assignment plan . The Court got a glimpse into the superintendent 's thinking when the United States 's cross-examined them about their objections to the government 's rezoning proposals . When asked whether Hereford ( Elementary ) students would not benefit from attending Huntsville High , the superintendent , in an unguarded moment , replied ' [ t ] hey [ would ] be going into schools that are not accustomed to dealing with students who are below grade level . '
They also admonished the Justice Department , but only to say they were being far too lax .
`` From the record , it appears that years of relative calm and inactivity have lulled the government into a habit of checking in only when the district proposes actions that require the government 's review . The government should be more proactive . Based on the current record , the Court does not know when inequities in educational programs arose in the district ; however , standardized test scores from 10 years ago demonstrate disparate results among racially identifiable schools . Had the government been keeping an eye on that sort of information , it could have brought it to the Court 's attention more quickly and enabled the Court and the district to address the issue in a timely fashion. ``
Haikala writes that the system had asked for an answer by the end of June , and while their ruling arrived at the end of the day on June 30 , deeper issues remain at play . They said they ca n't rule on zone lines yet , not without getting to the bottom of related issues of educational programming .
They said zoning should be addressed through mediation , while the system considers course offerings and teaching staffs and all other aspects of the system related to desegregation .
Haikala expects by the end of the calendar year to have a plan on rezoning , as well as a roadmap to unitary status in all areas . ( A judge declares unitary status when a former dual system has been found to be one , retiring the desegregation order . That may happen in pieces , such finding a system to be unitary in student assignment but not yet unitary in faculty assignment . )
Haikala clearly favored the Justice Department plan , but sees obstacles there as well .
`` The student assignment plans that the United States has proposed have much to offer , '' they write . `` In particular , the government 's plan moves Hereford Elementary School , a predominantly African-American school , into the feeder system for Huntsville High . ''
They write repeatedly that school officials published misleading information about the Justice Department plan when the board revealed that an early version would split numerous feeder patterns . That plan was never submitted , they note , and therefore never proposed in court . That can create confusion in the community , they write .
They also dismiss Huntsville 's objections to the federal rezoning plan , which would send more black students to Huntsville High and rezone more white students to Lee High .
`` The Board posits that the government 's proposed reassignment plans are 'infeasible ; ' '' they write , `` however , the Board 's criticisms of the government 's proposals boil down to a simple preference for the district 's policy choices . ''
They reject the board argument that the city system long ago desegregated , people moved around and there was nothing the board could do to remedy imbalances created by housing patterns .
`` The record in this case is not as clear as the Board suggests , and the fact that the district integrated the student bodies of many of its schools in the early 1970s does not automatically lead to the conclusion that the district does not currently operate a dual system , '' they write .
They find there are many areas that are well-suited to being addressed by school officials , such as disparities in course offerings between racially identifiable schools .
`` At the hearing on the Board 's student assignment motion , the district tried to blame the students at Butler and Johnson for the absence of accelerated courses in those schools . The district administrator who determines which courses will be taught at the district 's schools each year testified that all of the courses listed in the district 's course catalogue , including all of the 27 AP courses , are offered to all of the students at all of the high schools in the district , but the district only teaches a handful of AP courses at Butler and Johnson because students at those schools have not requested other AP courses ... The uncomfortable truth is that in a high school in which only 33 % of the students read at or above grade level , many students probably are not prepared for the rigor of college level AP courses . Students who do not read at grade level need not only encouragement but also remedial help to take an AP course . ''
In short , Haikala held : `` On the record before it , the Court can not find conclusively that the Board does not operate a dual system . ''
They end on an up note , complimenting enthusiastic teachers , looking to the engaged community members who wrote their letters and spoke at the federal hearing .
`` There are many reasons to believe that the district will meet the challenges that it currently faces and will expand educational opportunities for all of its children , '' they conclude .
Polish scientists say they 've discovered the world 's oldest preserved fossils of blood vessels and fragments of fossilised animal proteins . The discovery was made inside bones that are 240 million years old .
At that time southern Poland was partially covered by a warm sea , allowing reptiles such as Nothosauria to live there . The remains of some of these reptiles were found during excavation work by a team of scientists who noticed well-preserved bone structures .
UNIVERSITY OF SILESIA SCIENTIST , PROFESSOR JACEK SZADE :
`` By using various spectroscopic methods we succeeded in acquiring very interesting information about the chemical structure and molecular remnants of blood vessels in these very , very old fossilised bones . ''
Researchers were soon able to show that there was organic matter from prehistoric animals present in the bones . Scientists confirmed the tested samples contained fragments of amino acids which are typical components of collagen .
SCIENTIST AT UNIVERSITY OF SILESIA AND SCIENCE AND HUMAN EVOLUTION PARK IN KRASIEJOW , DR. ANDRZEJ BOCZAROWSKI :
`` Among other proteins , we managed to find collagen , one of the most important proteins in the bodies of animals in general , and in vertebrates in particular . ''
The world 's oldest protein fragments of fossilised soft tissue to date were discovered by American scientists , and dated back 80 million years . This latest discovery goes back three times further .
( c ) Thomson Reuters 2016 .
The swift attack on Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham ( ISIS ) and relatively bloodless withdrawal of US-trained Iraqi security forces has further weakened Baghdad 's influence over northern territories . The political vacuum has enabled the Kurds to expand their land claims and leverage Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki for concessions on their oil exports . Yet , the role of radical Baathist military officials in the Mosul coup and their links to ISIS also exposes the Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) to important security and political challenges . The KRG will not only have to secure greater territories and populations from extremist groups on its borders , but also maneuver its nationalist agenda through radicalized Sunni Arab populations that may be even more resistant than Maliki and Shiite groups .
In some ways , the Mosul attack is a coup for the Kurds . It occurred just as the KRG was locked in another battle with Maliki over oil exports and revenues , and as its Turkish energy partner was subjected to international litigation . The ISIS attack shifted media attention , at least temporarily , from an embarrassing situation of a wandering ship unable to offload contentious Kurdish crude to a scenario of KRG strength ; assisting refugees , securing borders , and taking Kirkuk in the midst of a serious political crisis .
The attack has also gained the KRG time in its energy gamble with Baghdad . The instability caused by the Mosul attack has prevented the Iraqi government from moving forward with planned repairs on the Iraqi-Turkish Pipeline ( ITP ) on the Mosul side . This delay technically enables the KRG to continue exporting its crude through the part of the line it has taken over since January 2014 . Although Kurdish pipeline exports are still small-scale and subject to international litigation if sold , local and Turkish buyers of trucked Kurdish crude can at least benefit from a rise in international oil prices — now at about $ 106 per barrel — that followed the Mosul crisis .
The KRG also has benefited from Maliki 's political blunders and the Iraqi military 's weakness . The rapid withdrawal of Iraqi forces has given the Kurdish peshmerga the opportunity to take even more swaths of disputed territories and create a larger buffer zone , including the city of Kirkuk . Kurds across the political spectrum are jubilant and insist that the peshmerga remain in their new positions . Others regard this territorial expansion as a precursor to Kurdish statehood , and one that will include Kirkuk and parts of Ninevah , and their oil fields .
Yet the very nature of the Mosul attack and its political fallout poses important challenges for the KRG . An extended frontline and hundreds of thousands of refugees in the Kurdistan Region increases the risks of instability . While the Kurdish controlled east bank of Mosul remains relatively secure it borders a radicalized Sunni Arab populated west bank now controlled by ISIS , Saddam Hussein 's Baathist military officers , and extremist Islamic groups . These developments have raised concerns of investors and IOCs and if not controlled , could jeopardize future investments , at least in the disputed areas .
Further , although it may seem that Massoud Barzani , president of the Kurdistan region , cut a deal with Sunni Arab officials and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan against Maliki , the Kurds are beginning to see a potential nightmare ; a border controlled not just by ISIS but Baathist military officers and fueled by a strong populist sentiment . Saddam Hussein 's daughter , Raghdad , applauded the Mosul attack as “ victories of my father 's fighters and my uncle Izzat al-Douri. ” According to a report in The Voice of Kurdistan ( Sawt Kurdistan ) and local sources , al-Douri is reported to have visited Mosul governorate headquarters on June 12 after having been in hiding by “ a country in the region. ” Former Iraqi Vice President Tariq al-Hashemi , who fled Iraq in December 2011 and briefly took refuge in the Kurdistan Region before gaining Ankara 's support , also rejoiced after the ISIS takeover of Mosul , referring to it as a revolution of the oppressed , downtrodden and marginalized people in Mosul .
Indeed , the KRG has delicately balanced its relations with Sunni Arab communities thus far and was not directly targeted in the Mosul attack . In fact since 2005 Barzani has developed or strengthened their ties to moderate Sunni Arab leaders , mainly as part of an anti-Maliki alliance and for commercial purposes as demonstrated by their close ties with Mosul Gov . Atheel al-Nujaifi . The KRG also has welcomed the Iraqi military officers that fled Mosul into the Kurdistan Region , as well as hundreds of thousands of displaced families from Mosul .
Still , whether these arrangements can translate into hard political agreements between the KRG and Sunni Arab leaders over land and oil is highly questionable , at least in the short term . Despite shared Sunni affiliations Kurds and Iraqi Sunni Arabs have deep political differences and distrust , particularly regarding the Kurdish nationalist agenda . For instance , in addition to criticizing the KRG 's oil policy Sunni Arab communities seek to terminate the de-Baathification law and postpone Article 140 of the Iraqi Constitution — both of which are essential Kurdish political claims .
Further , Barzani 's ties to Sunni Arab leaders and Erdoğan may stabilize communal relations and enhance business opportunities , but they have to be measured alongside the Kurdistan Region 's other influential neighbor — Iran . While Tehran 's influence extends throughout the Kurdistan Region it is particularly salient in Suleymaniya and among the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan ( PUK ) and Gorran Movement . These groups are not only wary of tying a Kurdish umbilical cord to Ankara , but they have their own commercial , political and security agreements with Tehran that requires support for Baghdad , even tacitly . This influence may also affect how far the Kurds can press ahead with Kirkuk . The PUK governor , Najmaldin Kerim , has not only won overwhelming support in Kirkuk but has successfully balanced Kurdish demands with Baghdad , and Kurdish , Arab and Turcoman communities in the city .
Although the Mosul crisis remains fluid , it has given the KRG a chance to leverage Maliki for an oil export and payment deal . Depending upon Maliki 's staying power and resistance , they may negotiate an agreement , at least short term .
Still , the larger question for the KRG is regional security and political maneuverability . Should an ISIS-Sunni Arab governance structure take hold in Mosul then the KRG will have to choose between negotiating with a weakened Maliki or bargaining with radical Islamists , Baathist military officers and local populations committed to their own Arab nationalist claims .
ADVERTISEMENT
The video : Sarah Palin appears to be relishing Katie Couric 's departure from the CBS Evening News . Palin fumbled a crucial interview with Couric during their 2008 vice presidential bid , infamously answering `` all of them '' when Couric asked what newspapers and magazines Palin read . On Tuesday , Fox News ' Greta Van Susteren queried the former Alaska governor on their reaction to the news that Couric was stepping aside after five years in the CBS anchor chair . ( See the video below . ) `` I think I read that in a newspaper . One of many newspapers that I read online , '' Palin said . `` I hear that they want to now engage in more 'multi-dimensional storytelling ' versus I guess just the straight on , read into the , that teleprompter screen storytelling ... more power to her . ''
The reaction : Palin 's `` mean-girl ugliness '' is disgusting , says Gryphen at FavStocks , especially from someone who wants to be treated like a serious political leader . `` If they want to sit at the grownups table they better stop acting like a 4-year-old . '' Well , to be fair , Couric did hit Palin in 2008 with questions crafted to induce `` her best caribou-in-headlights stare , '' says Dylan Stableford at The Wrap . So even though Palin wished Couric well , it 's understandable that they did it mockingly . Rest assured , wherever Couric lands next , `` Palin probably wo n't be watching . '' Watch Palin 's jabs at Couric :
Saudi Arabia has handed over a cheque for $ 100m to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to help finance the UN 's centre to combat global terrorism .
The UN chief welcomed the gift at a ceremony in their office and said the recent upsurge in terrorism in a number of countries and regions - most dramatically , the Islamic State group 's takeover of a large swath of Syria and Iraq - `` underscores the challenge before us '' .
Saudi Arabia 's Ambassador to the United States , Adel al-Jubeir , who presented the cheque with the Saudi UN ambassador , stressed that `` terrorism is a scourge and an evil that affects all of us . ''
Terrorism knows no religion . It knows no ethnicity . It has no nationality . It has no humanity . It has no compassion . It has no justice . Adel al-Jubeir , Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the US
They said it can only be dealt with if all countries and peoples unite to deal with the threat .
`` We believe that the United Nations can play a very strong and very effective role in mobilising the efforts of the world to counter this evil , '' al-Jubeir said .
`` Terrorism knows no religion . It knows no ethnicity . It has no nationality . It has no humanity . It has no compassion . It has no justice , '' they said .
`` It is in violation of every religion in the world , and it is a scourge that must be eliminated through very strong and very robust international measures . ''
King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia called for the establishment of an international centre to combat terrorism almost 10 years ago , and the proposal was adopted by 55 countries at a counter-terrorism conference in the Saudi capital , Riyadh , in 2005 .
'Exceptionally generous '
The king pledged $ 10m to establish the United Nations Counter-terrorism centre , and it was launched in 2011 at UN headquarters in New York .
Al-Jubeir said the $ 100m donation will better enable the centre to provide the tools , technologies and methods to countries to confront and eliminate the threat of terrorism .
Ban said the UN General Assembly has encouraged its 193 member states to support the centre 's work , `` and the United States , United Kingdom and Germany have responded to that call '' .
The UN chief also praised King Abdullah 's `` exceptionally generous '' $ 500m donation to provide life-saving humanitarian assistance to Iraqis caught up in the Islamic State group 's offensive , saying it showed Saudi Arabia 's `` sense of global solidarity '' .
The donations come months after Saudi Arabia stunned the diplomatic world with the unprecedented announcement that it was rejecting a seat on the UN Security Council , less than 24 hours after it was elected last October 17 .
The foreign ministry accused the UN 's most powerful body of failing to end the Syrian and Israeli-Palestinian conflicts and to convene a conference on creating a Middle East zone free of weapons of mass destruction .
Our Company
In 1988 Wireless Zone opened it 's first store in Wethersfield , CT. From the moment it opened , it was a model that begged to be replicated . Today we 've grown to become the largest Wireless Franchise in the US . We have over 400 stores , in 28 states throughout the northeast , mid-Atlantic , south and mid-west . In addition to our franchise stores we have a growing number of corporately owned and operated locations . We sell all the latest cellular/wireless phones , GPS navigation , wireless accessories , Verizon FIOS High Speed Fiber Optic Network , Wireless Data Devices and pre-paid cellular services .
Our Culture
We take pride in being a first name only company and we realize that employees are the key to our continued success . Today our employees are committed to the same standards of outstanding customer service that helped to found the company . We are dedicated to being the nation 's top wireless retailer by providing the best customer experience .
Our Community
The Wireless Zone® franchise is passionate about community involvement and positively impacting the lives of others . The Wireless Zone Foundation for Giving® was established in 2003 and offers grants to charitable organizations from donations by Wireless Zone® franchisees , employees and friends . The grants are given to support programs and organizations dedicated to improving the communities in which we operate and live .
Our Future
In December 2012 , the Wireless Zone® franchise was acquired by GLENTEL , the largest independent multi-carrier mobile phone retailer in Canada and a leading international provider of innovative telecommunications services . This merger is expected to open exciting new possibilities for growth for our company . We are constantly in search of other business lines that would complement our current list of services and provide another source of profit for our franchise owners .
Join our team today !
Oh what fun we have with the nonsense that flows out of the mouth of Donald J. Trump . The man is suffocatingly banal , racist , dishonest , inarticulate , uninformed , uneducated , narcissistic , a bully , just plain stupid , and an asshole ( or in the immortal words of my people — a schmuck ! ) . I would guess that as the boss of their own enterprises for many years , with the power and the habit of firing people , they eventually became deeply accustomed to not having their thoughts seriously questioned or challenged , to the extent that they really believes the crap that comes out of their mouth and does n't really understand what others actually think of him .
But if we look at what comes out of the mouth of The Barack is there any reason to castigate The Donald for their supposedly outrageous or weird way of expressing himself ? Here 's a sample :
— On numerous occasions , in reply to a question about why their administration has not prosecuted the Bush-Cheney gang for mass murder , torture and other war crimes , former law professor Obama has stated : “ I prefer to look forward rather than backwards. ” Picture a defendant before a judge asking to be found innocent of any crime on such grounds . On other occasions , Obama , without apparent embarrassment , has stated that “ nobody is above the law ” . ( A public figure can be labeled stupid not just for saying or doing stupid things , but for not even realizing that the public will SEE their words or actions as stupid . )
— Asked whether they would apologize for Washington 's role in Chile 's 1973 military coup which overthrew the democratically elected government and replaced it with a dictatorship , Obama replied : “ I 'm interested in going forward , not looking backward . I think that the United States has been an enormous force for good in the world. ” ( June 23 , 2009 )
— Question from CNN , 2008 : “ Do you think the US should apologize for any mistakes that it has made in the past ? ” Obama 's reply : “ I do n't think the US should ever apologize for anything . ”
— Obama 's speech to the UN General Assembly on September 24 , 2014 where they classified Russia to be one of the three great threats to the world along with the Islamic State and the ebola virus .
— Obama 's declaration that ISIS “ has nothing to do with Islam ” . This is standard political correctness which ignores the indisputable role played by Islam in inspiring Orlando and Long Beach and Paris and Ankara and many other massacres ; it is the religion that teaches the beauty and godliness of jihad and the heavenly rewards of suicide bombings .
— After Turkey ' intentional shoot-down of a Russian warplane along the Turkish-Syrian border , instead of rebuking Turkey , a NATO member , for its absolutely reckless behavior –- or expressing sympathy to the Russians -– Obama asserted that “ Turkey , like every country , has a right to defend its territory and its airspace. ” ( November 24 , 2015 ) Turkey later apologized to Russia , but Obama did n't .
— In September 2013 Obama stood before the United Nations and declared : “ I believe America is exceptional . ”
— On March 9 , 2015 Obama declared Venezuela “ an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States ” .
— Obama spoke of “ the principle that no country has the right to send in troops to another country unprovoked ” ( March 3 , 2014 ) ( Do our leaders have no memory or do they think we 've all lost ours ? )
— “ I 'm good at killing. ” ( Just imagine Trump saying this . ) Obama has claimed the power to murder anyone anywhere by drone . Nixon had an enemies list , but this drone king has a personal kill list . Obama 's use of drones against jihadist leaders , and anyone else who happens to be too close , has essentially rescinded the leading principle that was established in the Magna Carta 800 years ago — the presumption of innocence .
— Imagine also The Donald joking — as Obama did — about using a drone on their daughters ' boyfriends : “ They 'll never know what hit them . ”
— Obama , State of the Union speech , 2012 : “ This generation of heroes has made the United States safer and more respected around the world . ”
— On May 28 , 2012 the president declared that Vietnam was “ one of the most extraordinary stories of bravery and integrity in the annals of [ US ] military history ” .
— After taking over the White House in 2009 , Obama called Afghanistan the “ good war ”
— Obama , explaining the US/NATO devastation of Libya in 2011 , turning it from Africa 's highest standard of living into a desperate failed state , based on made-up reports about Ghaddafi carrying out atrocities : “ Some nations may be able to turn a blind eye to atrocities in other countries . The United States of America is different. ” ( March 28 , 2011 )
— Said Obama : A US refusal to intervene in Libya would be “ a betrayal of who we are. ” ( How true . )
— In March 2011 , as the US/NATO bombardment of the people of Libya continued , day after day , the White House insisted that it was “ a limited humanitarian intervention , not war . ”
— “ All the forces that we 're seeing at work in Egypt are forces that naturally should be aligned with us , should be aligned with Israel — if we make good decisions now and we understand sort of the sweep of history. ” ( March 4 , 2011 ) Egypt quickly became a brutal dictatorship .
— State of the Union address , 2011 : “ And we 've sent a message … to all parts of the globe : we will not relent , we will not waver , and we will defeat you . ”
— Obama : “ I 'm not somebody who discounts the sincerity and worthiness of President Bush 's concerns about democracy and human rights. ” ( Washington Post , January 19 , 2009 )
— Obama : “ President Bush was right that Iran 's ballistic missile program poses a significant threat [ to Europe and the US ] . ” ( September 30 , 2009 )
“ I believe that Christ died for my sins and I am redeemed through him . That is a source of strength and sustenance on a daily basis. ” ( Obama , Washington Post , August 17 , 2008 )
— June 22 , 2009 : Obama says America is “ fully prepared ” for any action by North Korea . ( Thank god ; after the nuclear attacks by China and Russia it was great to not have to worry about North Korea . But there was still Iran . )
— Obama , speaking about Russia , July 7 : “ In 2009 , a great power does not show strength by dominating or demonizing other countries . The days when empires could treat sovereign states as pieces on a chess board are over . ”
— During a visit to Baghdad April 7 , 2009 , Obama praised the US military for their “ extraordinary achievement ” in Iraq .
— Obama : “ To ensure prosperity here at home and peace abroad , we all share the belief we have to maintain the strongest military on the planet. ” ( December 1 , 2008 )
— Speaking to a joint session of Congress : “ I can stand here and say without exception or equivocation that the United States does not torture. ” ( Washington Post , February 24 , 2009 )
— “ There is no spying on Americans . We do n't have a domestic spying program. ” ( Obama on The Tonight Show , August 7 , 2013 )
— Just 18 days before the disastrous Gulf oil spill in 2010 Obama said : “ It turns out , by the way , that oil rigs today generally do n't cause spills . They are technologically very advanced. ” ( Washington Post , May 27 , 2010 )
— Obama 's pep talk December 2010 to US troops in Afghanistan in which they lauded them as “ the finest fighting force that the world has ever known ” . ( George W. Bush : the US military is “ the greatest force for freedom in the history of the world ” and “ the greatest force for human liberation the world has ever known. ” ) Try and top those lines , Donald .
— As a presidential candidate in 2008 Obama lauded whistleblowers as “ part of a healthy democracy [ who ] must be protected from reprisal. ” In 2012 , the campaign to re-elect President Barack Obama boasted on its website that they had prosecuted more whistleblowers in their first term than all other US presidents combined .
— Obama 's claim that the U.S. has been “ For nearly seven decades the anchor of global security ” . ( September 10 , 2013 )
— “ Any time bombs are used to target innocent civilians it 's an act of terror. ” ( April 16 , 2013 ) ; “ I was elected to end wars , not start them . I 've spent the last 4 1/2 years doing everything I can to reduce our reliance on military power as a means of meeting our international obligations and protecting the American people. ” ( September 6 , 2013 ) ; “ The bottom line is , nothing of significance , nothing of benefit results from destructive acts. ” ( November 25 , 2014 )
Thus spoke the man who carried out military attacks against Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan , Somalia , Libya , Yemen , and Syria .
— Obama ( CBS News , February 13 , 2013 ) : “ I urge this Congress to come up with a bipartisan , market-based solution to climate change . ”
Sam Smith asked : “ Do they also want , for example , a bipartisan market-based solution to cancer ?
— In their book The Audacity of Hope Obama wrote : “ I serve as a blank screen on which people of vastly different political stripes project their own views . ”
And if you like Barack Obama you 'll love Hillary Clinton .
* * * * *
Read a critique of Blum 's article .
Mass killer Anders Behring Breivik is about to return to court – but this time it is to sue the Norwegian state , claiming it is violating their human rights by keeping them in isolation .
We would rather that they be forgotten
The right-wing extremist will appear in a gym-turned-courtroom within the prison in which they are being held on Tuesday . It will be a testing time for their victims ' families and survivors of their attacks .
“ Personally I think it is a little bit hilarious but many of the others…the support group , does n't like them being in the media again , ” said Dag Andre Anderssen , who survived Breivik 's island shooting massacre .
“ That is actually the most important thing for us – that they get to be in the spotlight again – and we do n't like that . We would rather that they be forgotten . ”
It was 2011 when Breivik detonated a bomb at Oslo 's central government building , killing eight people and injuring more than 200 .
They then headed to the island of Utoeya where their gun rampage killed 69 people at a Labour Party camp , most of them teenagers .
Jailed for 21 years , Breivik has their own cellblock at Skien prison , south of Oslo as well as access to a computer , TV and Playstation .
General view inside Skien prison
General views of a cell inside Skien prison
General view of the gym at Skien prison
As we approach the fabled 100-days benchmark of the Obama presidency , newspaper are a-buzzin ' with numbers and stories . Of course , none is more important than the latest approval ratings . Fresh off not being invited to Amsterdam 's Queen 's Day , the president clocks in with a smoking 68 percent approval rating in the latest Gallup Poll .
Oh , but look out , because that 's actually BAD news , dear Barry . You see , somewhere in the White House , there 's someone more popular than you ! Nope , it 's not Sasha , and it 's certainly not Malia . It 's not even newest-addition Bo Obama ( BOBAMA ! ) . Give up yet ?
It 's that wife of yours ! Michelle !
Yep , seems Michelle Obama wrapped up the first 100 days with a tremendous 79 percent approval rating , which , yes , is pretty good , but it makes you wonder : what the hell did they do that made 21 percent of people not approve of her ?
They planted that garden , met with a bunch of schoolkids , and invited like a million people to the White House for an Easter Egg Roll , whatever that is .
Yes , they also have much better , stronger arms ( guns ) than you do , but maybe that 's because they actually work out , and does n't spend all their time playing Wii . Is that what this is all about ? Is everyone mad that the First Lady — historically a job for the homely — is all glamorous ?
If that 's what 's going on , I get it . I feel that , too . But in fairness to the First Lady — and to polls — the fact that Michelle Obama could beat you in an arm-wrestling contest should n't affect their approval rating . Now get back to your Wii .
Advertisements
A media report has uncovered a network of spies targeting an anti-coal movement ( Photo : Getty Images )
A Fairfax media report says private spies were hired to infiltrate an anti-coal movement protesting against mine expansions at Maules Creek and Boggabri .
The mines are run by Whitehaven Coal and Idemitsu Australia Resources . Fairfax says it has identified a private company staffed by former military and intelligence operatives contracted to infiltrate the activist movement , though it remains unclear who paid for the service .
Several of the undercover operatives — who reportedly work for the Centre for Intelligence and Risk Management — were discovered by activists , and one was confronted on camera .
A complex chain of companies masks who hired the firm however Whitehaven denies any involvement . It uses a security company , Verifact , to protect the sites .
“ Verifact are contracted to monitor access onto site to ensure compliance with our workplace health and safety obligations , ” it said in a statement .
Whitehaven 's chairperson is former deputy prime minister Mark Vaile , and it was owned by Nathan Tinkler until they sold out in June .
There 's more here .
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox . Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , and Instagram .
With nearly 2 million students and even a Virginia college dedicated to their higher education , parents and kids who homeschool ought to be getting some respect in Washington .
Instead , President Obama 's education chief is expressing concerns that the growing practice is robbing children of educational and life experiences .
`` I worry that in a lot of cases students who are homeschooled are not getting the kind of the breadth of instruction experience they would get in school , they 're also not getting the opportunity to build relationships with peers unless their parents are very intentional about it , '' said Education Secretary John B . King Jr .
`` And they 're often not getting those relationships with teachers and mentors other than their parents . I do worry whether home school students are getting the range of opportunities we hope for for all kids , '' they said slamming the system .
Yet , that 's not to say it 's all bad , they added . `` There are examples of families that are doing it incredibly well with great intention , '' said King , who noted that some of their home schooled college classmates `` experienced tremendous economic success . ''
Despite their concerns , King said during a media breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor that there is n't much research on homeschooling to prove if it works or not `` I 've not seen research evidence around homeschooling , '' they said .
The Purcellville , Va. , based Home School Legal Defense Association expressed concern about the secretary 's comments .
`` While Secretary King had some good things to say about homeschooling , I 'm disappointed that their comments imply that public schoolers have a wider range of options in education , which is simply not true , '' said HSLDA co-founder and Chairman Michael Farris . `` Homeschoolers are far outperforming their public schooled peers , largely due to the fact that parents know what works best for their child instead of implementing an outdated , one-size-fits-all approach that Secretary King appears to favor . ''
Paul Bedard , the Washington Examiner 's `` Washington Secrets '' columnist , can be contacted at pbedard @ washingtonexaminer.com
Munster 's Keith Earls has been handed a two week suspension following their red card in last Saturday 's Champions Cup win over Glasgow Warriors , ruling them out of Ireland 's first Autumn test match with New Zealand .
Earls are sent off for a dangerous tackle on the Glasgow Warriors hooker Fraser Brown in what was a highly emotionally charged game .
Just 24 hours after Munster head coach Anthony Foley was laid to rest , their team recorded an emphatic 38-17 win over Glasgow Warriors at Thomond Park and did so after the early red card for Earls .
The suspension means that Earls will miss Ireland 's opening Autumn international series clash against New Zealand at Soldier Field in Chicago on 5 November .
Earls ' ban will expire two days after that game , so they will be in line to return for the clash with Canada at the Aviva Stadium on 12 November .
Timely guilty plea benefits Keith Earls https : //t.co/8cyoFHY8la — RTÉ Sport ( @ RTEsport ) October 26 , 2016
An independent Disciplinary Committee heard evidence and submissions from Earls , who pleaded guilty to the offence , from Munster Rugby Team Manager , Niall O'Donovan , from Munster Rugby 's legal representative , Derek Hegarty , and from the EPCR Disciplinary Officer , Liam McTiernan .
In upholding the red card decision , the Committee found that the offence was at the low end of World Rugby 's sanctions and selected four weeks as the appropriate entry point .
As there were no aggravating factors , the Committee then reduced the sanction by a maximum of two weeks due to Earls ' timely guilty plea , expression of remorse and clean disciplinary record before imposing a suspension of two weeks .
The mighty bulls are back ! After taking adequate rest and catching enough breath , they have made a powerful comeback and exposed the frailty of the short-sellers . Backed by strong sentiments , Litecoin is now challenging a crucial resistance level .
Litecoin is currently trading up 2.8 % at $ 1.865 .
Image : https : //www.tradingview.com/x/TNje1xzx/
From a technical perspective , things look very positive for the virtual currency . An analysis of the 240-minute LTC-USD price chart tells that Litecoin should threaten previous tops unless bulls lose complete control of the situation .
Litecoin Chart Structure – A closer look at the chart reveals that post hitting the recent high of $ 1.989 , Litecoin struggled to sustain above $ 1.865 on numerous occasions . The virtual currency is yet again attempting to break above this level and start a fresh leg of the rally .
Fibonacci Retracements – The cryptocurrency had been respecting the 38.2 % Fibonacci retracement level of $ 1.791 as a support level while the 23.6 % Fibonacci retracement level of $ 1.867 proved to be a tough hurdle to cross . If bulls manage to overcome the selling pressure at this juncture , upside targets of above $ 2.000 open up .
Momentum – The Momentum indicator has also given a positive confirmation to the price surge ; the reading has advanced from -0.0003 to 0.0536 .
Moving Average Convergence Divergence – The MACD indicator has drastically reduced the gap with the Signal Line , bringing the Histogram value even closer to the 0-mark . The current MACD and Signal Line readings are 0.0342 and 0.0356 respectively .
Relative Strength Index – The RSI reading has risen to 65.6733 , but what 's highly remarkable is that it is going to be almost a week that Litecoin has sustained 60-plus values .
Conclusion
Riding high on optimism , Litecoin should aim for valuations up to $ 2.000 . Employ a buy on dips strategy by placing a stop-loss just below the support level . Volatility is expected to remain muted as price rises . Expect a breakout by the end of this week !
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Frankfurt is one of several European cities trying to woo businesses in the wake of the UK 's European Union referendum result
The mayor of London has warned of the growing threat of foreign cities trying to steal business from the capital , one month on from the EU referendum .
Sadiq Khan said there was real concern among business leaders that companies could leave the City .
It comes as the mayor of Frankfurt told BBC London their city 's `` arms and our doors are open '' .
London-based financial technology firm Transferwise said it had been courted by several European countries already .
The company 's chief executive Taavet Hinrikus said their company was being courted by Ireland and Switzerland among others .
A spokesperson for Transferwise , which processes international currency payments , said moving away from London was `` not something the firm was actively talking about '' .
The spokesperson added that Transferwise had chosen to make its base in London and that the company `` hoped it could make that work '' .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption London mayor : Business leaders worried about losing access to single market
But they added that businesses needed greater certainty in order to operate successfully .
Mr Khan told BBC London there was genuine concern among leading figures in the City they had spoken to , including Bank of England governor Mark Carney and London Stock Exchange chief executive Xavier Rolet .
`` There is a concern that if we do n't have access to the single market , if we have n't got passporting of financial services , that could lead to businesses leaving London to go to those cities where there is access to the single market , '' they said .
The latest government figures estimate the FinTech industry - financial technology - generates about £20bn in annual revenue .
And Mr Khan said it was just one industry being targeted by other European centres .
`` The mayor of Milan was here this week , I met with him , Why was they here ? They want to pinch our business . Who can blame him ?
`` The mayor of Paris and the deputy mayor have already said they 're rolling out the red carpet to invite businesses to come to Paris . Why would n't they ? ''
Dublin-based investment group IDA Ireland is planning an advertising campaign in the autumn highlighting Ireland 's tax regime , its proximity to London , and the shared language to businesses thinking about relocating .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mayor of Frankfurt : If you want to become rich , come here
Analysis : Karl Mercer , BBC London political correspondent :
Peter Feldmann has had a busy few days . Frankfurt 's lord mayor has been celebrating the birth of their second daughter on Monday night .... and who knows perhaps a new lease of life for their city too .
They greet us in the grand surroundings of the Kaiser Hall in Frankfurt 's equally grand City Hall and can barely contain their smiles .
Opportunity , they believe , has come knocking with the UK 's decision to leave the EU .
`` Our arms and our doors are open , '' they tell me when it comes to London businesses big and small that are looking to relocate .
At a business meeting the day after the Brexit vote , people cheered and clapped them saying : `` here is the winner from Brexit '' .
In the coming weeks their team will fly to London to make their case . Frankfurt already has a video selling its wares and a team of English speakers taking calls from businesses .
Mr Khan told the BBC : `` London is open : we 're open for talent , we 're open for business , we 're open for investment . The government has got to help me do my job as mayor to make sure that we send that message out loud and clear around the country , around Europe and around the world .
`` We 've got competitors who want to pinch that business , we 've got competitors who want businesses to go to their cities . We can not allow that to happen . ''
Business and Energy Secretary Greg Clark said giving businesses the certainty they need to plan for the future is a `` key priority '' .
`` That 's why we are working closely and collaboratively with businesses across all sectors to ensure that the UK remains the best place in the world to do business , '' they said .
A minute after the Brexit vote was announced Frankfurt launched a website and phone line in a bid to encourage businesses that want to remain in the single market to relocate there .
The mayor of Frankfurt , Peter Feldmann reiterated that invitation on Thursday , telling BBC London : `` If you want to become rich , if you want to stay wealthy , you should have a [ department ] in Frankfurt .
`` If you want to become isolated and see from a binocular perspective what is going on in the world , stay in London . ''
Image copyright Getty Images
Meanwhile , German business development group Berlin Partner said earlier this week that at least 10 London start-up firms had made enquiries about moving to Berlin since the UK voted to leave the EU last month .
Berlin is attempting to woo London 's FinTech industry and , like Frankfurt , has stepped up efforts to promote itself as a more affordable and creative alternative to other cities .
At London 's FinTech conference earlier this week , Berlin Partner director Stefan Franzke said : `` The most concrete enquiries are coming from London FinTechs . They are considering a move to Berlin so as not to lose access to the European single market . ''
Berlin 's senator for economics , technology and research , Cornelia Yzer , has sent hundreds of letters to UK businesses and earlier this week travelled to London Fintech Week to lobby start-up founders .
They told BBC London : `` We are an international community and that 's why companies will find talents there they need . So welcome , and we 'll bring all hurdles down , we 'll offer programmes for relocation . So pick up the phone talk to me and my team and relocate to Berlin . ''
More than 100 companies have already been in touch with their team since the Brexit vote , they say , and in September they will open an office in London .
But Mark Boleat policy chairperson at the City of London Corporation said they remained confident London would continue to be the world 's leading financial centre .
`` While some European cities might look to entice businesses and jobs to the continent , we have so many strengths which make us such an attractive place to do business , '' they said
`` Highly skilled workers , excellent infrastructure and a stable regulatory system are but some of those , and crucially the capital is a place where people want to work and live . ''
Asked whether London had been ill prepared for the Brexit result , Mr Khan said that was now important was that London now dealt `` with the hand that we 've been given '' .
Mr Khan said it was `` really important that we explain to the government it 's in the country 's interest for them to listen to us . ''
`` Uncertainty is n't helping . ''
Dave Weigel , Slate.com :
`` incredible string of false or misleading statements ''
http : //www.slate.com/ ...
Joan Walsh , Salon.com :
`` His Republican National Convention speech was stunning for its dishonesty ''
http : //www.salon.com/ ...
Jonathan Cohn , the New Republic :
The Most Dishonest Convention Speech ... Ever ?
http : //www.tnr.com/ ...
TPM :
Top 5 Fibs In Paul Ryan 's Convention Speech
http : //tpmdc.talkingpointsmemo.com/ ...
Michael Tomasky , the Daily Beast :
`` Paul Ryan pushed American politics into new territory with their convention speech ,
effectively daring Democrats and the media to call them out on their string of blatant falsehoods ''
http : //www.thedailybeast.com/ ...
Jonathan Bernstein , the Washington Post :
Paul Ryan fails -- the truth
http : //www.washingtonpost.com/ ...
AP :
FACT CHECK : Convention speakers stray from reality
http : //www.google.com/ ...
Dan Amira , NY Magazine :
Paul Ryan Bets on the Ignorance of America
http : //nymag.com/ ...
Fox News contributor , Sally Kohn :
“ Ryan 's speech was an apparent attempt to set the world record for the greatest number of blatant lies and misrepresentations slipped into a single political speech . ”
Read more : http : //www.foxnews.com/ ...
Steve Benen , Maddowblog :
Paul Ryan stands on a foundation of lies
http : //maddowblog.msnbc.com/ ...
Huffington Post :
PAUL TALES : RYAN MISLEADS , AGAIN AND AGAIN
http : //www.huffingtonpost.com/ ...
Politicsusa :
5 Biggest lies in Romney 's speech :
http : //www.politicususa.com/ ...
Bob Cesca :
Paul Ryan 's Speech : Lies , Lies and More Lies
http : //bobcesca.com/ ...
Washington Post Editorial Board :
Mr. Ryan 's misleading speech
http : //www.washingtonpost.com/ ...
Factcheck.org
“ Paul Ryan 's acceptance speech at the Republican convention contained several false claims and misleading statements . ”
http : //factcheck.org/ ...
Andrew Sullivan , the Daily Beast :
The lies and lies of Paul Ryan
http : //andrewsullivan.thedailybeast.com/ ...
Ryan Lizza , the New Yorker :
The Paul Ryan Speech : Five Hypocrisies
http : //www.newyorker.com/ ...
Jonathan Chait , NY magazine :
Paul Ryan 's large lies and one big truth
http : //nymag.com/ ...
James Downie , Washington Post :
Paul Ryan 's breathtakingly dishonest speech
http : //www.washingtonpost.com/ ...
James Fallow , Atlantic
Paul Ryan and the post truth convention
http : //www.theatlantic.com/ ...
Robert Schlesinger , US News
http : //www.usnews.com/ ...
LYIN ' Santorum
Rick Santorum repeats inaccurate welfare attack on Obama
http : //www.latimes.com/ ...
Juan Cole :
Top Ten Repeated Paul Ryan Lies
http : //www.juancole.com/ ...
The Guardian :
Paul Ryan 's speech : a round-up of their most audacious untruths
http : //www.guardian.co.uk/ ...
Charles Pierce , Esquire :
Paul Ryan Is the Newest New Nixon , a Moocher Belied
http : //www.esquire.com/ ...
Huffington Post
Busted ! Ryan 's speech fools no one
http : //www.huffingtonpost.com/ ...
David Firestone , NYT
Beyond Factual Dishonesty
http : //takingnote.blogs.nytimes.com/ ...
Josh Barro , Bloomberg
Paul Ryan 's Hypocritical Attack on Barack Obama
http : //www.bloomberg.com/ ...
Lindy West , Jezebel.com
Why lying is bad , a primer for confused republicans
http : //jezebel.com/ ...
Jon Stewart , the Daily Show
Jon Stewart Would Settle For Any Truths In Paul Ryan 's Speech
http : //2012.talkingpointsmemo.com/ ...
William Saletan , Slate.com
Why I 'm breaking up with Paul Ryan
http : //www.slate.com/ ...
John Nichols , CBSnews.com
They love the lies Paul Ryan tells
http : //www.cbsnews.com/ ...
Miles Mogulescu , Huffington Post
Paul Ryan : Lying Liar
http : //www.huffingtonpost.com/ ...
address_b_1843242.html
Aviva Shen , Think Progress
6 Worst Lies in Paul Ryan 's speech
http : //thinkprogress.org/ ...
Rekha Basu , Des Moines Register :
Half the truth often is a full lie for Paul Ryan
http : //abetteriowa.desmoinesregister.com/ ...
Ezra Klein , The Washington Post
A not-very-truthful speech in a not-very-truthful campaign
http : //www.washingtonpost.com/ ...
Henry Blodget , Business Insider
Paul Ryan 's Speech Proves The New Political Truth : It 's Fine To Lie http : //www.businessinsider.com/ ...
its-fine-to-lie-2012-8 # ixzz258ABIMm2
The Week
The media coverage of Paul Ryan 's speech : 15 euphemisms for 'lying '
http : //theweek.com/ ...
Alex Seitz-Wald , Salon.com
Paul Ryan : The definitive fact-check
http : //www.salon.com/ ...
Jean Williams , Examiner.com
RNC audience thrilled by Paul Ryan 's self-serving and deceitful speech
http : //www.examiner.com/ ...
and-deceitful-speech
Andy Borowitz ( satirist ) , NewYorker.com
Ryan Launches Campaign Theme of Lying About Everything
http : //www.newyorker.com/ ...
Charles Blow , nytimes.com
The G.O.P . Fact Vacuum
http : //www.nytimes.com/ ...
Lucy Madison , Stephanie Condon , Paula Reid , CBSnews.com
Fact-checking 6 claims in Paul Ryan 's convention speech
http : //www.cbsnews.com/ ...
Alana Horowitz , Huffington Post
Paul Ryan : Marathon Time Claim Not True
http : //www.huffingtonpost.com/ ...
Pat Garofalo , ThinkProgress
Bush Chief Political Strategist : Paul Ryan 's Speech Was Full Of Lies
http : //thinkprogress.org/ ...
Kurt Eichenwald , Vanity Fair
The Five Reasons Why Romney/Ryan Must be Defeated in 2012 – And Why Conservatives Should Hope They Are .
http : //kurteichenwald.com/ ...
Sarah Jaffe , Alternet
7 Worst Media Brown-Nosers Who Enable Paul Ryan 's Lies
http : //www.alternet.org/ ...
Runnersworld.com
Paul Ryan Has Not Run Sub-3:00 Marathon
http : //news.runnersworld.com/ ...
Capitol Hill Blue
Romney ignored warnings about Ryan 's history of lies , exaggerations
http : //www.capitolhillblue.com/ ...
Jonathan Chait , NYMag.com
Since When Did Paul Ryan Become a Liar ?
http : //nymag.com/ ...
Phoenician architecture is typified by large temples with double-columned facades approached by a short staircase , enclosed sacred spaces containing cube-like and open-fronted shrines , and such large-scale engineering projects as dams and artificial harbours . High fortification walls included square towers and gates , and were built of mud-bricks and limestone , as were more the modest domestic buildings . The paucity of archaeological remains from the period when Phoenician cities were at their height makes general statements dangerous , but it is possible to say that Phoenician architects were relatively austere and sparing in the use of decorative elements both inside and outside their buildings .
Sources
The study of Phoenician architecture is beset by two problems from the outset . Firstly , having access to abundant cedar forests , it is likely the Phoenicians employed wood for most of their buildings , an unfortunate choice for posterity as wood is not , of course , as great a survivor as stonework . The second problem for historians is that Phoenician cities have been in constant occupation throughout their history which makes archaeological excavations problematic . Although very few remains have survived of Phoenician buildings and we know very little of more modest structures such as ordinary housing , we do , though , have descriptions of larger public buildings from such sources as Herodotus , Strabo , Arrian , and the Bible , and some archaeological evidence of smaller shrines both in Phoenicia and its colonies across the Mediterranean .
Another important aid in reconstructing the architecture of the Phoenicians is the fact that their cities were sometimes represented in contemporary Assyrian art , typically scenes of conquest , although the architecture may be schematic , of course . Examples are the bronze gates of Salmanassar III ( 859-824 BCE ) from Balawat and the reliefs of Sennacherib ( 705-681 BCE ) which show scenes of attacks on Tyre . Another source is a 4th-century BCE coin from Sidon . In these art forms , the cities are shown with impressive fortification walls with towers topped by decorative palm sculpture , and houses have multiple floors ( perhaps up to six ) with two columns outside their entrances .
King Solomon 's famous temple at jerusalem was built by Phoenician architects .
Solomon 's Temple at Jerusalem
A helpful source of information on Phoenician architecture is the Bible 's I Kings 6-7 description of King Solomon 's temple . This was , of course , built at Jerusalem in the 10th century BCE but the architects and artists involved in its construction were Phoenician and its layout matches temple descriptions at Phoenician sites and the wider region . Its general design shows a significant influence from Egyptian architecture .
The rectangular temple had three inner chambers , each on progressively higher levels , with the rear two being connected by a short flight of steps . The third square room at the back was where the Ark of the Covenant was said to have been kept . The temple door was approached by a flight of steps and flanked by two columns , described in the Bible as bronze , by Herodotus as one made of gold and another of emerald . In front of the temple , in a sacred courtyard , was a set a huge bronze bowl described as a ‘ molten sea ' because of its prodigious size and an altar for sacrifices and offerings . Destroyed by Nebuchadnezzar II in the 6th century BCE , there are no archaeological remains of the temple .
The Temple of Melqart at Tyre
The temple of Melqart at Tyre , of which no remains have been found , was built during the reign of Hiram in the 10th century BCE ( the king built similar temples to Astarte and Baal Shamem too ) . It was described by Herodotus in Book 2:44 of their Histories . The 5th-century BCE Greek historian tells us that there were two columns at the entrance , made from the same material as those at Solomon 's temple . The columns may each have been topped with a Proto-Aeolic capital ( fore-runner of the Ionic capital and itself influenced by Egyptian architectural motifs ) examples of which have been found on Cyprus and other Levant sites and which is considered a Phoenician invention . The flooring of the temple probably used alabaster slabs to create decorative patterns . Herodotus goes on to say that the god and mythical founder of Tyre Melqart had their tomb within the temple which also functioned as the city 's treasury .
Unlike in later Greek and Roman temples , the Phoenicians seem not to have created large sculptural likenesses of their gods ; the practice may even have been prohibited . Rather , at their temples , Melqart was represented by an eternal fire , a symbol of regeneration . Outside the temple was a specially constructed altar where worship of Melqart was performed involving prayers , burning incense , the pouring of libations , and making offerings to the god of animal sacrifices , foodstuffs , and precious goods . It is thought that the temple of Melqart at Phoenicia 's most successful colony Carthage was very similar in design . Another temple at Gades ( Cadiz ) also had two columns at its entrance , this time made of bronze .
The Tophet & Tombs
The tophet was a large enclosure with a sacrificial altar and tombs for the cremated remains of victims . No archaeological remains survive of a tophet in Phoenicia itself but references in ancient sources and their presence in several Phoenician colonies would suggest there likely was such a place in each of the Phoenician home cities . Tophets were located outside and to the north of cities . Aside from the occasional infant sacrifice for which the Phoenicians have become infamous , animals were sacrificed and foodstuffs offered . Votive columns made from wood ( aserah ) or stone ( betyl ) were also placed upon sacrificial altars . These were inscribed with prayers and decorated in festivals with flowers and tree boughs .
Ashes from the sacrifices made at the tophet were placed in an urn . Stones were then placed on top of the funerary urns to seal them and placed within the tophet , sometimes within shaft tombs or dromos tombs built into a low hill-mound and accessed by descending steps . Shaft tombs , which were undecorated , could be quite large - several metres deep , and accessed by a vertical shaft or corridor . An example is the tomb of Ahiram at Byblos which has an entrance shaft , gallery , and chamber for the sarcophagus . In the later Persian dominated-era monuments were constructed above ground to mark the tombs . These are known as meghazils and consist of one or two cylinders topped by a dome or pyramid and with four lions at the base . From the 6th century BCE , stelae were dedicated to Baal or Tanit and placed on top of the funeral urns instead of stones . Many stelae have an inscription which describes a human blood sacrifice or the substitution of a sheep for a child .
Shrines
Unlike the larger buildings of the Phoenicians , many small shrines have survived at such sites as Sidon and Amrit . The 5th-century BCE shrine at Amrit was set in a large sacred precinct which was enclosed on three sides by a portico with square pillars . In the precinct was set a very large stone basin filled with water , in the centre of which was placed the cube-shaped chapel which had an open front and probably contained a cult figure or symbol . The chapel rested on a short column of blocks and platform and may have been topped with a solar disk . A second type of Phoenician shrine was at the ‘ high places ' mentioned in the Bible which were merely dedicatory stelae set on a low base and found on mountain peaks .
The Phoenicians , dependent on sea- trade , constructed artificial harbours consisting of rectangular docks carved out from the natural rock .
Fortifications & Harbours
Other known structures built by Phoenician architects , besides the above mentioned , include large dams and bridges . For these structures huge stone blocks were used and their remains can still be found at the sites of Sidon , Tyre , and Aradus . Dependent as the Phoenicians were on sea-trade , they also constructed artificial harbours ( cothons ) consisting of rectangular docks carved out from the natural rock and accessed by narrow canals , of which surviving examples are best seen at colony sites , notably Carthage .
The city fortifications seen in Assyrian art are confirmed by excavations at Byblos , which have revealed massive ramparts punctuated by towers and gates . Dating to the middle Bronze Age these walls were constructed with stone foundations and mud-brick superstructures . There were also corridor-like gates which led to the sea , using stepped ramps . Similar fortification foundations have been excavated at Beirut and , on a smaller scale , at Tel Kabri .
Urban Housing
Surviving examples of urban housing are few and far between . In the Early Bronze Age , Byblos had oval houses and rectangular ones with rounded corners . In the Middle Bronze Age , there are large rectangular buildings dotted around the narrow streets of the city in no apparent pattern . These did not contain interior partition walls , and their purpose is unknown . In addition , there were silo buildings made in the shape of a bottle . Other smaller buildings show evidence of being paved with limestone and possess stone channels underneath for drainage . Within these domestic dwellings were ovens and basalt stones for grinding wheat . Buildings were constructed with carved stones and wood ( olive , oak , and strawberry ) or employed mud-bricks supported by dressed stones placed at corners . There is little evidence of town planning at Phoenician sites where local topography usually dictates the orientation of buildings .
If the 2016 election had gone as I would have preferred , we would be experiencing a Scott Walker administration right now . Their solid , proven leadership in the state of Wisconsin is exactly the type of thing we need on the national stage .
But that did n't happen . The country wanted something else , and Scott Walker is too regular , principled , and composed for their liking . Their history does n't include explosive tweets or primetime , reality show television spots . Some may even consider them boring .
Boring is what we need right now .
Regardless of my preference , Donald Trump is our president . They are my president . I did n't vote for them in the primaries or on November 8th , but I 'm adult enough to recognize that they won the election .
That does n't mean I should support everything they do .
There has been a tendency among the Right to fall in love with people and not principles . This has been true for a while , but it became especially apparent in this last election cycle . If we do not accept this truth , we will never be able to clean out the cobwebs , improve our standing , gain more ground , and increase our ranks . Trump the candidate was all about being the bully , whether against their fellow GOP candidates or against their ultimate opponent , Hillary Clinton .
On Sunday morning , President Trump took to Twitter ( which happens way more often than it ever should ) , and tweeted the following .
It is nothing short of an embarrassment .
When one mentions that , though , the responses include :
But…Obama was embarrassing ! They treated the office with casual regard , and with much disrespect !
But…Clinton was a shameful president ! They got sexual favors from an intern while in the Oval Office !
Yes . Those statements are true . My response is , “ …and ? ”
The actions of Obama , Clinton , or any other politician do not neutralize the very unserious actions of the man who currently inhabits the Oval Office . As a friend of mine so deftly stated :
“ A thing is either wrong or it is n't . ‘ Wrong ' should n't be judged on a sliding scale that uses the behavior of others as a baseline . ”
Trump 's social media wrongs are n't the worst sins ever committed in the history of humankind , but they are wrong , and entirely unbecoming of a president . Stating this fact does n't diminish the other wrongs committed by presidents of the past .
I do n't like how the media has long been kind to liberals while ruthlessly going after conservatives . I do n't like how indiscretions , or flat out criminal behavior , is glossed over because the perpetrator is a ( D ) or a friend to them . I do n't appreciate how those on the Coasts view us in Middle America as uneducated , racist hillbillies who only care about the Second Amendment .
I can dislike all of those things and simultaneously take issue with President Trump 's behavior . In fact , I should .
If you take an action you have long despised from the Clinton or Obama years , switch the main characters to card-carrying members of the GOP and suddenly find that behavior acceptable ?
Then congratulations , you 're part of the problem .
Since Moscow initiated military operations in Ukraine in February 2014 , China has seemingly adopted an ambiguous stance as Russia 's annexation of Crimea and destabilization of southeastern Ukraine evoked international condemnation . During the past year , Beijing and Moscow strengthened their strategic partnership by deepening economic ties and enhancing bilateral military cooperation . China 's comparative silence on the Ukraine crisis has given way to unusually blunt remarks from a Chinese diplomat in Brussels who recently expressed tacit support for Moscow ( UNIAN , February 27 ) . Such remarks and the continued dynamic growth of Sino-Russian relations contradict efforts by the United States and the European Union to diplomatically and economically isolate Russia . Moreover , they leave open the question as to whether Beijing and Moscow are forming a de facto military alliance .
On February 26 , Qu Xing , China 's Ambassador to Belgium urged the West to “ stop playing a zero-sum game ” with Russia over the Ukraine crisis . In particularly candid remarks , they suggested that Western governments need to “ respect ” Russia 's interests , appearing to indicate strong Chinese support for Moscow ( UNIAN , February 27 ) . China has assumed a publicly ambiguous position on the crisis , although most Russian analysts highlight Beijing 's repeated abstentions in the United Nations Security Council as evidence of some level of support for the Kremlin .
Russian assessments are mixed on issues of the growth of Sino-Russian relations toward some form of alliance or on possible support for Moscow 's actions in Ukraine . Most Russian experts see the former principally driven by economic factors and the latter as more complex—though some level of Chinese backing for Russia is commonly assumed . In terms of economic cooperation , the underlying message coming out of Moscow is “ business as usual , ” with no indication that Beijing 's policies toward Russia are impacted by events in Ukraine . Russian specialists on China openly declare that economic ties form the long-term basis of the bilateral relationship , and this also feeds into cooperation in multilateral forums such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization ( SCO ) or BRICS ( loose political grouping of rising economies Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa ) . Bilateral trade is increasing , while the May 2014 energy deal agreeing to supply 38 billion cubic meters ( bcm ) of Russian natural gas annually to China over 30 years for $ 400 billion set a new record . Military cooperation is also growing , but has its limits , with Moscow traditionally proving reluctant to supply more high-technology items to Beijing ( Rusprav.tv , March 4 ) .
While the future of the Sino-Russian strategic partnership remains open for discussion , a researcher in the General Staff Academy in Moscow has offered some insights into how the top brass may view this relationship , as well as offering additional points concerning China 's diplomatic stance over Ukraine . Colonel ( retired ) Viktor Gavrilov , a leading researcher in military history at the Research Institute of the General Staff Academy , recently assessed developments in bilateral relations with China regarding whether the strategic partnership is becoming a military alliance ( Nezavisimoye Voyennoye Obozreniye , March 6 ) .
Gavrilov , no doubt influential in shaping views on the role of Sino-Russian relations within the academy , concluded that the relationship is far from an alliance , nor is the rapprochement forging an “ anti-American ” bloc . Despite the present problems in Russia 's relations with the US , Gavrilov believes that both Russia and China are still seeking opportunities to cooperate with Washington . In Russia 's case this is reduced to a low level but still extends to the P5+1 Iran nuclear talks , for instance . In this context , Gavrilov believes that Russia and China respect each other 's national interests as they pursue the strategic partnership . Their complex assessment of the bilateral relationship notes that other researchers point to a “ marriage of convenience ” between Russia and China tied to a mutual tacit agreement to support the other party at the international level ( Nezavisimoye Voyennoye Obozreniye , March 6 ) .
In terms of bilateral military ties , Gavrilov notes a pattern of deepening cooperation both in joint exercises and arms sales . They highlighted Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu 's visit to Beijing in November 2014 to complete the process of registering China as having “ special status ” as a strategic partner . This means China will receive advanced Russian weapons systems such as the S-400 surface-to-air missile system ( SAM ) and the multirole Su-35 fighter , as well as the anti-ship missile system “ Onyx. ” According to Gavrilov , discussions are ongoing to supply the tactical missile system “ Iskander-M ” and the “ Tornado-G ” multiple-launch rocket system ( MLRS ) ( Nezavisimoye Voyennoye Obozreniye , March 6 ) .
In fact , Gavrilov offers balanced coverage of Beijing 's response to the Ukraine crisis , in the general context of mutual sympathy between Russia and China over territorial issues , while adding that Chinese officials had restated the country 's official adherence to non-interference in the internal affairs of another state and its respect for Ukraine 's “ independence , sovereignty and territorial integrity. ” In light of China 's internal problems in Tibet and Xinjiang , Gavrilov sees logic in Beijing 's approach to Ukraine . Indeed , this neutral position on the crisis , seemed consistent with China abstaining on key votes in the UN Security Council : Chinese diplomats were careful to avoid any measures that risked conflict escalation . “ Although they did not specify what types of actions , in their opinion , may complicate the situation , it seems that these statements were designed for both Russian and Western audiences . In the subsequent voting on the resolution of the General Assembly of the United Nations concerning the Crimean referendum , China again abstained , citing the same reasons. ” But the author argues that China also opposed imposing sanctions on Russia ( Nezavisimoye Voyennoye Obozreniye , March 6 ) .
For Gavrilov , China 's actual position on Ukraine , broadly supportive of Russian policy , is rooted in its assessment of the strategic partnership . They note : “ Anyway , Russia 's position reinforces the cautious nature of the Russian-Chinese strategic partnership by demonstrating that in cases of conflicts of interest , Russia will refrain from both strong support and condemnation from its ally in a strategic partnership , ” arguing that same calculation explains China 's position on the crisis in Ukraine ( Nezavisimoye Voyennoye Obozreniye , March 6 ) .
In these varied Russian assessments of the development of bilateral ties with China during the past year , a complex and balanced picture emerges tying this relationship primarily to economic cooperation . But the Ukraine crisis has de facto pushed Russia closer to China while the latter has avoided at crucial points any clear condemnation of Russia 's actions . The remarks by China 's ambassador to Belgium add an extra dimension to this narrative . Moscow clearly fails to perceive itself to be “ isolated ” by the West 's reaction to the crisis , which may be linked to Russia 's close ties with its Asian partner .
After nearly two weeks of being trailed by the pigskin paparazzi , Peyton Manning has picked a team .
According to ESPN , Manning has informed teams that they plan to join the Denver Broncos . Unless there is an unexpected snag in negotiations , Manning will be Denver 's starting quarterback in 2012 .
The 2012 schedule wo n't be released until next month , but we do know the Ravens ' opponents for the upcoming season . And at some point , Manning and the Broncos will come to M & T Bank Stadium .
Manning , of course , tormented the Ravens when they were the quarterback of the Indianapolis Colts . They were 6-2 in eight regular-seasons starts against the Ravens , completing 65.1 percent of their passes for 17 touchdowns against five interceptions . Manning and the Colts were 2-0 in the playoffs against the Ravens , having defeated them in the AFC divisional round after the 2006 and 2009 seasons .
Last season , the Ravens beat the Colts -- who started Dan Orlovsky at quarterback -- for the first time since the 2001 season , which was Manning 's fourth in the NFL .
Manning had been Indy 's starting QB for 13 straight seasons until a neck injury sidelined them in 2011 . The Colts finished 2-14 and earned the No . 1 overall pick , which they will likely use to select Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck . To start a roster overhaul , the Colts released Manning 12 days ago .
More than 10 teams reportedly expressed interest in Manning , but the Broncos , San Francisco 49ers and Tennessee Titans were finalists for Manning . Now it appears they are taking their talents to Denver .
And at some point in 2012 , they will take them to Baltimore .
With companies like Google , Amazon , Basecamp , Spotify , Netflix and Valve re-defining the markets and the whole game in IT and related fields , more traditional corporations have had hard time to stay in the competition .
This has lead to many organizational reforms and process roll-outs in these corporations . With less than remarkable results .
What are these new companies doing differently to stay ahead ?
1 . They assume they do not know everything
In traditional corporations , everybody is hired on the assumption that their expertise means that they know everything necessary to carry out their jobs . Product managers know what kind of products should be built to ensure success , developers know what technologies to use and managers know how to lead a corporation .
In the 21st century companies , the approach to knowledge is different . Yes , people most close to the work are deemed the experts . But even at their areas of expertise , it is taken for granted that most important things start as unknowns . The most important attribute of people in these new companies is not that they know everything , but that they are able to gather and learn the needed knowledge as part of their work .
In traditional corporations , revealing ignorance is seen as a weakness in any member of a corporation and can result in sanctions . There is no discussion on what the company should learn as it is assumed that everything important is already known . The mindset is that success is a result of creating a perfect plan and following it rigorously . When there are important shortage of knowledge inside the corporation , it remains hidden .
Instead of hiding ignorance the cutting-edge companies support transparency of ignorance and reward work that brings new knowledge . That means that most of the work is systematic creation of new knowledge . In other words , systematic experimentation . Experiments that create more knowledge about their operating environment . And because ignorance is not a taboo , these experiments are discussed by everyone and their learnings are spread to the whole organization .
2 . They involve everyone in the improvement work
The work of improving organizations is left to managers in a traditional corporation . They plan new organization structures and new work processes and are responsible for rolling out these changes . Managers are hired based on their experience . The corporations assume that experience leads to them being able to choose the right change initiatives to undertake . In fact , if a manager says that they or they do not know the right course of action , they are deemed incompetent .
In the cutting-edge companies , everybody is responsible for making the organization and ways of working better . Anyone can start an experiment to try to improve the ways of working .
The difference is staggering . Even if the motivational and systems thinking related benefits are left out of the equation , you can probably picture the difference of 5 C-suite managers being the only source of all improvements to everybody in the ( for instance , 10000 people ) organization coming up with possible innovations to improve ways of working .
3 . They experiment in product development
Traditional corporations excel in squeezing out every penny of profit from the markets that they are in . They know the markets they operate in and can use that knowledge efficiently by planning marketing campaigns and optimizing processes to increase profits by minimizing production and customer acquisition costs .
And because they excel in operating in those existing markets , that is where they invest in . What they struggle in is creating new markets and creating products that disrupt the existing markets . The corporations often try to use the same mode of operation for this as in existing markets : establishing a goal and then laying out a careful plan how to achieve that goal . It is assumed that every piece of knowledge needed to lay a winning plan can be found inside the corporation .
This approach has often resulted in the corporations wasting a lot of money to launch new products that do not perform that well . That has resulted in hesitation to invest in new ventures in many corporations .
Cutting-edge companies , on the other hand , listen to potential customers and explore to whole marketplace for potential new markets and business opportunities . Using methods like Customer Development , Lean Startup , Design Thinking , Service Design and Lean UX they form hypotheses for new products and markets and experiment on them to validate those hypotheses . They do this with using the minimum resources possible to see if the new product idea is viable . They will also kill new product development endeavors right away if they prove to be not viable .
This means that the cutting-edge companies will find emerging markets earlier than traditional corporations and an stake claim to them before their competition . They also learn continuously about their customer segments and their needs , enabling them to develop more attractive products in the future even if some of their experiments fail ( and most of them fail , naturally ) . All this while using less money on exploring new ventures .
4 . They experiment in finding new ways of working
Traditional corporations aim for applying best practices in their organization . They believe that the best way of organizing the work is known already and the challenge is to get the organization comply with it .
With best practices , industry standard becomes the glass ceiling of your organization 's effectiveness . Discovering new better ways of doing things removes that limit .
The cutting-edge companies focus on just that : discovering the next practices . They believe that there are always ways to improve the ways of working and that their unique circumstances mean that no defined process or framework will fit them perfectly . So they make small experiments to find out how to organize their work to have the maximum impact .
Traditional corporations try to have every part of the organization comply with the same set of best practices . That is the logical course of action if these best practices suit every situation and environment .
Cutting-edge companies acknowledge that the best way of doing something in one team might not be the best for another . So they allow teams and individuals to interpret the results of other 's experiments themselves . By that they allow teams to adapt to their environment . In the ever-changing business landscape of te digital era , the adaptability itself is an essential property of organizations and their teams .
5 . They experiment with management and organization
In traditional corporations , the matrix structure is ever-present . If an organizational reform is made , the end result is a different kind of matrix below the C-suite level . The different configurations of the matrix are usually just a minor tweaks to the existing system of doing work , however . In many cases the employees of a corporation report that very little has changed in how work is actually done after an organization reform .
In cutting-edge companies , the role of management , organizational structures and even the C-suite is questioned . At Valve , employees decide which product team they want to work in . At Treehouse , middle management was abolished and all employees were encouraged to become servant leaders for each other . At Spotify , managers and coaches serve their tribes , guilds and squads ( which consist of employees ) instead of the employees reporting to the managers .
Most of these started as an experiment . One such experiment is our # NoEmployees approach to organization structure and division of responsibility and power . The effects on these experiments on how the work is done and what impact they have on the results of work are measured throughout the experiments . This allows the cutting-edge companies to find out what changes to organization and management make them better . They can then stick with those changes and end the failed experiments before they become costly .
As Einstein said : the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results . Cutting-edge companies get that based on their approach to management and organization structures . Traditional corporations fail in this . This is one of the reasons for them being unable to compete with the cutting-edge 21st century companies .
Conclusion
One word is repeated over and over in each of the preceding paragraphs : experiment . That seems to be the defining term for cutting-edge 21st century companies like Google , Amazon , Basecamp , Spotify , Netflix and Valve .
Experiments are needed when we operate in complex domains . In complex domains we do not know beforehand which approach will have the desired impact . That is true for product development , improvement of ways of working and organization design in the 21st century .
That is also why we at Flowa take experimentation very seriously . We constantly seek better products and business models , better ways of working and better ways of organizing ourselves to maximize our impact .
What are you doing to learn more and improve in your organization ? What kind of experiments do you think of running next ? Please tell us in the comments below .
The heading image of this post is Lemonade stand by C.J.Peters .
This article was originally published at the Biblical Counseling Coalition . It is drawn from material by both Zach Schlegel and Deepak Reju from a class they co-teach on dating .
If I had a dime for every time someone has sat on my couch , in tears about a recent breakup , I 'd be a rich man . I pastor a young church ( the average age is 28 ) . As a general rule of thumb , if you stick a lot of single men and women in the same building , they 're usually going to spend time together and eventually get married . So , having “ Whom should I date ? ” or “ Should we get married ? ” conversations is a fairly normal part of what I do .
Not every relationship ends in marriage . And sadly , Christians can too often look like the world when it comes to breaking up . Ignoring each other . Gossiping about your ex . Longing for the person . Fighting bitterness or fighting to get over the pain of the loss . Giving yourself over to quick peeks at their or their Facebook page or Instagram account . ( Has they moved on ? Or is they still hurting just like me ? )
If the gospel of Jesus really makes a difference , it should show itself in the worst of moments . But if Christian dating looks no different from the world , our faith shows itself to be relatively useless .
What would it mean to break up for the glory of God ? Seriously . How do you end the relationship in a way that honors God and the other person , especially since they or they are a brother or sister in Christ ?
Here are 13 things to remember :
1 . Remember we live in a fallen world .
There is no such thing as risk-free dating . Proverbs 13:12 reminds us , “ Hope deferred makes the heart sick , but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life. ” In a breakup there is usually at least one party who still hoped it would work out and has suffers hope deferred . We need realistic expectations and must ultimately hope not in the person we 're dating , but in God who never fails .
2 . Let your ‘ yes ' be ‘ yes ' and your ‘ no ' be ‘ no ' ( Matt . 5:37 ) .
Do n't beat around the bush . If you know you need to break up , it 's better to rip the bandage off and be straight-forward . That does n't mean you should be cruel ; we are still called to speak the truth in love ( Eph . 4:15 ) and to speak only those words that build up and are fitting ( Eph . 4:29 ) .
3 . Talk in person , not on email , Twitter , Facebook , or over the phone .
This is a simple way to honor the other person and provide space for questions or discussion .
4 . Do n't make the breakup a one-way conversation .
Often the person initiating the breakup has taken a great deal of time to reach his/her conclusions , so he/she simply unloads and leaves . Do n't do that . There are times when it will be helpful to leave room for a follow-up conversation , then return to hear and process together a bit . The other person may have questions or things to discuss afterward . Some people are good thinking on their feet , and some are n't .
5 . Be gracious and loving in the way you end it .
The worst thing you can do is throw stones and cast blame on the other person , not only causing sadness over the lost relationship but also provoking feelings of guilt , as if it is his/her fault . Even in the act of breaking up , you need to be thoughtful , gracious , and loving towards the other person ( Eph . 4:1-3 ; Col. 4:6 ; Titus 3:2 ) . After all , they or they are a child of God , loved by God , so what gives you any right to treat them or them any differently than God does ? If you are not sure how to do this , find an older , godly Christian man or woman and ask for help .
6 . Do n't use the advice of a pastor , close friend , parent , or counselor as a trump card .
“ I talked to X about this , and he/she thinks we should break up. ” It 's tempting to do this rather than taking responsibility yourself . When it comes to deciding whom we will or wo n't marry , we need to take advice . Yet remember that ultimately this is a decision each person must make . If you agree with the counsel you are receiving , own it .
7 . Fight against bitterness ( Heb . 12:15 ) .
When our hope for the relationship is shattered , it is tempting to play the details over and over in our minds until they fester . What can we do to fight against bitterness ? ( Take a look at 8 , 9 and 10 . )
8 . Assume the best in the other person 's motives .
We read in 1 Corinthians 13:7 that love “ believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things. ” We ca n't peer into others ' hearts , judge their motives , and conclude that they were being malicious . Assume the best in them .
9 . Preach truth to yourself ( as in Ps . 42:5 , 62:5 ) .
For instance , when you struggle with the temptation toward bitterness , you can let go of bitterness because God is righteous and just—we do n't need to take vengeance into our own hands . Paul writes in Romans 12:19 , 21 , “ Do not take revenge , my friends , but leave room for God 's wrath , for it is written : ‘ It is mine to avenge ; I will repay , ' says the Lord . . . . Do not be overcome by evil , but overcome evil with good. ” We can forgive by remembering how God has forgiven us in Christ , as we see in Ephesians 4:32 : “ Be kind and compassionate to one another , forgiving each other , just as in Christ God forgave you . ”
10 . Find your identity in Christ , not in the lost relationship .
“ I am still confident of this : I will see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living . Wait for the Lord ; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord ” ( Ps . 27:13-14 ) . Just as we find our identity in Christ in the dating relationship , so , too , this broken relationship does not define you . Most of the church is not thinking as much about it as you are , so when people ask how your life is , feel free to share other things . Be careful in how you share details of how you are processing , especially if you 're struggling to build up the other person in your speech .
11 . Remember our responsibility to do good to all Christians , even your ex-boyfriend or girlfriend .
It 's okay after the breakup to distance yourself or set some boundaries in order to protect your heart—give it some time to heal . On the other hand , you have a responsibility to do good to that person as your Christian brother or sister . Paul says in Colossians 3:13 , “ Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another . Forgive as the Lord forgave you. ” This includes a former boyfriend or girlfriend , especially if yours is the broken heart .
12 . Do n't assume that after the breakup , you must go to another church .
It is possible to stay in the same church with the person you once dated . Too many people assume that they must leave because of how uncomfortable it is initially . It 's easier to run and avoid than to do the hard work of living “ at peace ” with one another , and eventually ( sometimes years later ) , again being friends . It is not wrong to go to another church , but we do n't want to presume that is the only thing you can really do after a breakup .
13 . Remember that regardless of how painful the breakup may be , God is using this difficult experience to sanctify you .
Paul says in Romans 8:28 , “ And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him , who have been called according to their purpose. ” Your breakup is included in this phrase “ all things. ” If you are a Christian , God is using this experience for your good . As hard as this is , they are making you more like their Son . You might not want that comfort right now . With the pain and sorrow over the lost relationship , you might just want to be with your ex-boyfriend or ex-girlfriend . Or you might want to just wallow in your hurt or sadness . But take comfort from the fact that God wants to use this anguish to refine you , using trials “ of various kinds ” ( James 1:2 ) to help you become more like Christ .
Suzanne Day
Media Relations Manager , Mass . Eye and Ear
617-573-3897
Survival of mass extinctions helps to explain near indestructible properties of hospital `` superbugs ''
Boston , Mass . — Leading hospital “ superbugs , ” known as the enterococci , arose from an ancestor that dates back 450 million years — about the time when animals were first crawling onto land ( and well before the age of dinosaurs ) , according to a new study led by researchers from Massachusetts Eye and Ear , the Harvard-wide Program on Antibiotic Resistance and the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard . Published online today in Cell , the study authors shed light on the evolutionary history of these pathogens , which evolved nearly indestructible properties and have become leading causes of modern antibiotic-resistant infections in hospitals .
Antibiotic resistance is now a leading public health concern worldwide . Some microbes , often referred to as “ superbugs , ” are resistant to virtually all antibiotics . This is of special concern in hospitals , where about 5 percent of hospitalized patients will fight infections that arise during their stay . As researchers around the world are urgently seeking solutions for this problem , insight into the origin and evolution of antibiotic resistance will help inform their search .
“ By analyzing the genomes and behaviors of today 's enterococci , we were able to rewind the clock back to their earliest existence and piece together a picture of how these organisms were shaped into what they are today ” said co-corresponding author Ashlee M. Earl , Ph.D. , group leader for the Bacterial Genomics Group at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard . “ Understanding how the environment in which microbes live leads to new properties could help us to predict how microbes will adapt to the use of antibiotics , antimicrobial hand soaps , disinfectants and other products intended to control their spread . ”
The picture the researchers pieced together begins with the dawn of life . Bacteria arose nearly 4 billion years ago , and the planet has teemed with them ever since , including the sea . Animals first arose in the sea during the time known as the Cambrian Explosion , 542 million years ago . As animals emerged in a sea of bacteria , bacteria learned to live in and on them . Some bacteria protect and serve the animals , as the healthy microbes in our intestines do today ; others live in the environment , and still others cause disease . As animals crawled onto land about 100 million years later , they took their microbes with them .
The authors of the Cell study found that all species of enterococci , including those that have never been found in hospitals , were naturally resistant to dryness , starvation , disinfectants and many antibiotics . Because enterococci normally live in the intestines of most ( if not all ) land animals , it seemed likely that they were also in the intestines of land animals that are now extinct , including dinosaurs and the first millipede-like organisms to crawl onto land . Comparison of the genomes of these bacteria provided evidence that this was indeed the case . In fact , the research team found that new species of enterococci appeared whenever new types of animals appeared . This includes when new types of animals arose right after they first crawled onto land , and when new types of animals arose right after mass extinctions , especially the greatest mass extinction , the End Permian Extinction ( 251 million years ago ) .
From sea animals , like fish , intestinal microbes are excreted into the ocean , which usually contains about 5,000 mostly harmless bacteria per drop of water . They sink to the seafloor into microbe-rich sediments , and are consumed by worms , shellfish and other sea scavengers . Those are then eaten by fish , and the microbes continue to circulate throughout the food chain . However , on land , intestinal microbes are excreted as feces , where they often dry out and most die over time .
Not the enterococci , however . These microbes are unusually hardy and can withstand drying out and starvation , which serves them well on land and in hospitals where disinfectants make it difficult for a microbe .
“ We now know what genes were gained by enterococci hundreds of millions of years ago , when they became resistant to drying out , and to disinfectants and antibiotics that attack their cell walls , ” said study leader Michael S. Gilmore , Ph.D. , senior scientist at Mass . Eye and Ear and Director of the Harvard Infectious Disease Institute .
“ These are now targets for our research to design new types of antibiotics and disinfectants that specifically eliminate enterococci , to remove them as threats to hospitalized patients , ” added Francois Lebreton , Ph.D. , first author of the study and project leader for the Gilmore team .
In addition to Drs . Earl , Gilmore and Lebreton , authors on the Cell paper include Abigail L. Manson , Ph.D. , and Timothy J. Straub , of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard , and Jose T. Saavedra , of Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
This research study was supported by Department of Health and Human Services/National Institutes of Health/National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases grants AI072360 , AI083214 , HHSN272200900018C and U19AI110818 .
Image credit : Mark Witton
About Massachusetts Eye and Ear
Mass . Eye and Ear clinicians and scientists are driven by a mission to find cures for blindness , deafness and diseases of the head and neck . Now united with Schepens Eye Research Institute , Mass . Eye and Ear is the world 's largest vision and hearing research center , developing new treatments and cures through discovery and innovation . Mass . Eye and Ear is a Harvard Medical School teaching hospital and trains future medical leaders in ophthalmology and otolaryngology , through residency as well as clinical and research fellowships . Internationally acclaimed since its founding in 1824 , Mass . Eye and Ear employs full-time , board-certified physicians who offer high-quality and affordable specialty care that ranges from the routine to the very complex . In the 2016–2017 “ Best Hospitals Survey , ” U.S. News & World Report ranked Mass . Eye and Ear # 1 in the nation for ear , nose and throat care and # 1 in New England for eye care . For more information about life-changing care and research , or to learn how you can help , please visit MassEyeAndEar.org .
The Harvard Medical School ( HMS ) Department of Ophthalmology ( eye.hms.harvard.edu ) is one of the leading and largest academic departments of ophthalmology in the nation . More than 350 full-time faculty and trainees work at nine HMS affiliate institutions , including Massachusetts Eye and Ear , Massachusetts General Hospital , Brigham and Women 's Hospital , Boston Children 's Hospital , Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , Joslin Diabetes Center/Beetham Eye Institute , Veterans Affairs Boston Healthcare System , VA Maine Healthcare System , and Cambridge Health Alliance . Formally established in 1871 , the department has been built upon a strong and rich foundation in medical education , research , and clinical care . Through the years , faculty and alumni have profoundly influenced ophthalmic science , medicine , and literature—helping to transform the field of ophthalmology from a branch of surgery into an independent medical specialty at the forefront of science .
2017 got off to a great start for me music-wise as I saw John Mayer play an hour-long acoustic set at the 165-cap Hotel Café in Hollywood , followed by Dave Chappelle joining them on stage for another 45 minutes of epic goofing off and heart-to-hearts .
My friend Rayyleww , who is one of a couple people that goes to more shows in LA than I do , dropped the link to buy tickets in my DMs on Twitter . I bought two tickets for $ 12.50 each and then shared the link on social media and directly with a few friends . All in all , about 10 people I knew also ended up getting tickets to the show .
I already had tickets to the Lakers game , so my roommate and I went for the first three quarters of the game and then bounced to Hollywood . We caught the last 20 minutes or so of Joey Dosik , this awesome dude that reminds me of Mayer Hawthorne . They had a couple of the dudes from Vulfpeck on stage with him , including Theo Katzman , who drops a killer solo record called Heartbreak Hits on Friday , January 6 . Dosik closed their set with the basketball-themed “ Game Winner , ” while also throwing in some improvised lyrics about their Lakers squad – it was too perfect .
At about 10:15 , Mayer took the stage . They have a new record coming out that he 's dropping songs in spurts for over the next few months . They played a fair amount of crowd favorites , opting not to just stick with new songs . Three songs in , they played “ No Such Thing , ” the song that brought them worldwide acclaim on 1999 's Inside Wants Out . The crowd lost their collective shit .
You do n't realize that even on their ballads , Mayer is a guitar god . They play these little epic bridges so effortlessly that you take it for granted – but watching them up there ply the fret board like a champ was eye-opening . There 's a reason they joined members of the Grateful Dead as Dead & Company – he 's a virtuoso .
They played more favorites – from “ Slow Dancing in a Burning Room ” to “ In Your Atmosphere , ” a song they had n't played since 2013 ( per Setlist.fm ) and a perfect one considering it 's about LA . All throughout their set , Mayer had funny banter and talked about how he 's grown up from their days of being kind of a douchebag , and it came across as really genuine .
Then things started to get crazy .
Mayer sang a new song “ Moving On and Getting Over ” to a backing track because they did n't have a funky enough guitar to play it . It sounded great . Then all of a sudden comedy legend Dave Chappelle came on stage and they put on a show out of nowhere .
During that time , we saw Mayer play parts of Crowded House 's “ Do n't Dream It 's Over , ” Red Hot Chili Peppers ' “ Under the Bridge , ” Nirvana 's “ Come As You Are , ” and Tom Petty 's “ Free Fallin ' ” all with a drunk Chappelle doing a bit of singing . Mayer even had a bit singing The Band 's “ The Weight , ” with Chappelle saying “ I 've never heard that song in my life . ”
The two riffed together on stage with no difficulty . Their friendship , which goes back at least to when Mayer appeared on Chappelle 's Comedy Central show over a decade ago for the “ White People Dancing ” sketch . These two were also in opposing mindsets . Mayer said during their set he 's been sober since late October — saying if you do the math , it 's the same date as Drake 's 30th birthday party ) . Chappelle was a bit intoxicated , but was also extremely sentimental and warm and real .
Chappelle then gave the crowd a bit of a life lesson , speaking from the heart about a variety of subjects and sharing stories , like how Prince gave them some props at a White House birthday party for Michelle Obama . Chappelle just seems like the kind of guy you 'd want to bump into a quiet bar at and shoot the shit over some drinks and a joint .
There was one bit where Chappelle pretended to be a younger version of Mayer , asking them what they would play to their younger self to show how good they got as a musician . Mayer responded by moving over to the piano to play “ You 're Gon na Live Forever in Me , ” to which Chappelle responded a bit emotionally . Chappelle also busted Mayer 's balls asking as the younger version if he 'll ever have sex with a celebrity .
It was the kind of show that served as a stark reminder on why LA is such a special music town . It 's not every day you get to see two people like them have a blast in front of a small room . It was a great first show of 2017 and it 'll be a hard one to top in terms of what a great story it 'll be to tell people .
Here are some recordings people took from the show , via Reddit . Top photo via Travon Free .
Do n't take my word for it ? Here are some tweets from people lucky like me to be in attendance :
“ Do not forget , in this digital age , what a real experience feels like. ” – Dave Chappelle , last night , owning , at @ thehotelcafe . — Cary Brothers ( @ carybrothers ) January 4 , 2017
When # DaveChappelle hopped up with @ JohnMayer at @ thehotelcafe and made us all laugh our asses off and cry at the same time . pic.twitter.com/GItlyOTAmb — Gia Hughes ( @ giannahughes ) January 4 , 2017
I 'm at a John Mayer show at the Hotel Cafe and Kyle Jenner , Kanye and Dave Chappel are hanging out with me right now so take that . — Tyson Motsenbocker ( @ tmotsenbocker ) January 4 , 2017
VIEW WHAT SEEMED TO BE THE FULL SETLIST FROM THE SHOW BELOW :
A skeletal man with enormously long hair and nails was found in the basement of their father 's house by police – and they believe they may have been tied to a bed in a windowless room for 20 years .
Homeless man doused in water by rail staff is a convicted killer
Police in Brazil came across Armando de Andrade by accident after they searched homes looking for members of a drugs gang .
Neighbours thought the boy had simply moved out when they were 16 .
They were found with ‘ enormous ' toenails and fingernails and a long beard which had grown to their knees , according to witnesses .
Police chief Celso Marchiori said , ‘ He got up , very impaired and did n't speak a word . We took them outside and they still did n't say anything . We did n't know if they were scared or drugged .
‘ He was n't able to identify us as police officers . We called for help and they were taken straight to hospital .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
‘ It 's difficult to believe they were in that place for 20 years . It 's a very insanitary place , they would n't have survived . There 's no light at all . '
Advertisement
Advertisement
Neighbours in the Guarulhos district of São Paulo , southeast Brazil , recalled how Armando was a normal 16-year-old , who liked skateboarding and playing the guitar , when they suddenly disappeared .
Armando 's family always claimed they had moved to another part of Brazil and was ‘ doing well ' .
One neighbour , Aparecido Rocha Brasil , said they believed the teenager 's father and step-mother decided to lock them in the room after they started experimenting with alcohol .
Ederson Silva , a childhood friend of Armando , said : ‘ Whenever we asked about them they always said they same thing , no , he 's living in the northeast , he 's well , he 's working , he 's building their family there . That 's all they said to us. ” = '
Armando 's father Amancio de Andrade denied the allegations , claiming that their son left home aged 18 and returned last week , and asked them to lock them in the room to help them ‘ get clean ' from drug addiction .
They said , ‘ He 's a grown man . They never got in touch . Then last week I opened my door and they were there . They gave them food and let them stay in the basement room . They asked me to lock the door so they could n't get out . ”
An Arizona pastor who is infamous for preaching that women “ deserve ” rape defended their position in a video published on Monday .
In an interview with Vice , University of Arizona student Dean Saxton , who preaches under the name Brother Dean Samuel , explained why they protested outside a documentary about 1998 Miss World Pageant winner and rape survivor Linor Abargil last month .
“ She is a beauty pageant contestant and there 's a lot of provocative , you know , seductive pictures of them that they have put out of herself , ” they said . “ I believe that if they were at home , and if they had kept to their Orthodox Jewishness , that rape would really probably would not have happened . ”
During the protest , Saxton held a sign reading , “ You Deserve Rape. ” And they shouted at women to “ give up your immodest clothing ” and “ yoga pants are sin . ”
“ One street preacher said , you know , if you dress like it , you act like it , different things like that , you 're asking for it , ” they opined to Vice . “ Therefore , you deserve rape . And their last three words I felt like were nice , and I decided to put them on a sign , and go to the event . ”
“ I believe there are certain qualities that may be worthy of rape , ” the street preacher added . “ If a woman dresses proactively , gets blackout drunk , and is wearing really revealing clothing , then I would say that they are partially responsible for the rape . ”
While Vice was filming Saxton , they also preached street sermons lashing out at LGBT people , pornography and evolution .
“ The cost that you will have to pay and that anyone else who wants to do this will have to pay is that you wo n't have very many friends at all , ” they pointed out .
Watch the video below from Vice , broadcast April 5 , 2014 .
( h/t : The Huffington Post )
Round three for the World Rugby Sevens Series in Vancouver will be March 10 and 11 , 2018 .
The Canada Sevens have been successful since day one , with a 30,000-plus crowd both days of the inaugural event in 2016 and then nearly hitting 40k this year .
The mid-March timing has suited the event well and for the third year in a row , it 's slotted for the second weekend in March .
NZ Sevens on the move
The series is seeing some change , as the New Zealand event , slated for Feb. 3 and 4 , is moving from Wellington to Hamilton .
The target is the Auckland fan base , head of the event Dallas Fisher said .
“ If we look at the whole cost of coming to the event in Wellington , it 's about $ 1200 per person . That 's a lot . By being located in Hamilton and an hour and a half south of Auckland , we are looking to bring tens of thousands of people out of Auckland City to come to the Waikato , ” Fisher told Stuff .
“ We are putting zones in place and we are bringing back the party . I want to see hundreds of superheroes , all sorts of characters dressed up and waving the flags for their team and really enjoy the festival we are going to create here at FMG Waikato Stadium . ”
The Wellington event was formerly a series highlight but attendances had cratered in the last couple seasons , with many people blaming the lack of beer sales as a key factor . Other issues suggested was competition from rugby league 's Auckland 9s as well as poor weather .
It 's a bigger year than normal
For the third season in a row , the series is a ten-event schedule . But there are two added wrinkles this year : the Commonwealth Games in April , and the Rugby World Cup Sevens in July .
It will feel like a 12-tournament series .
The series has its usual setup , with back to back weekends in Dubai and Cape Town to open the schedule in December .
Then it 's Sydney in late January , followed by the Hamilton event .
Las Vegas and Vancouver are again bracketed over the first two weeks of March , followed by the traditionally big show in Hong Kong a month later .
This is where things get interesting . The last two years , HK has been followed a week later by the Singapore Sevens , but next year it will be the Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast .
That could make for some scintillating stuff , with all teams in mid-season form . You just hope that the previous seven events wo n't have wreaked too much of a toll on the teams entered .
( Of course , the USA , Argentina and France wo n't be playing that weekend but will almost certainly be delighted to sit back and watch . )
The latter stages of the season are a big odd , as instead of the Paris and London Sevens going during the first two weeks of may , they 've been pushed back nearly a month . First though , it will be the Singapore Sevens , two weeks after the Commonwealth Games .
The Paris event goes the last week of May , London a week later in the first week of June .
The sevens world cup is in San Francisco July 20 to 22 .
Deep breath .
HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series 2017-18
Dubai : Dec. 1-2 , 2017
Cape Town : Dec. 9-10
Sydney : Jan. 26-28 , 2018
Hamilton : Feb. 3-4
Las Vegas : March 2-4
Vancouver : March 10-11
Hong Kong : April 6-8
Commonwealth Games 2018 , Gold Coast : April 14-15 )
Singapore : April 28-29
Paris : May 26-27
London : June 2-3
Rugby World Cup Sevens 2018 , San Francisco : July 20-22 )
pjohnston @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/risingaction
facebook.com/tryandtackle
Democratic state Rep. Tina Liebling has been known around the Minnesota Capitol as a policy wonk since they arrived in the House in 2005 .
Liebling , an attorney with a master 's degree in public health , represents the Mayo Clinic-focused Rochester district , has served on health committees , chaired a health committee and spoken out on health care issues for more than a decade . They dig into details of legislation .
Now , they want to take the policies for which they have long been known to a statewide stage . On Sunday , they announced that they would run for governor .
“ I have a very clear vision to give to Minnesotans on where I think the state should go and I 'm not afraid to be for the things I 'm for , ” they said in a Pioneer Press interview . “ I am , I think , a person who has more backbone than some . … I think I 've demonstrated that . ”
They have lots of company in eyeing the seat DFL Gov . Mark Dayton will leave in 2019 . Liebling is one of five Democrats who have announced bids for the top office which will be alluringly without an incumbent in next year 's race .
RELATED : Who will run for Minnesota governor in 2018 ?
The gubernatorial contest is already so crowded that Liebling , a seven-term state representative , is the second southern Minnesota official to declare an intent to run in the last week . U.S. Rep. Tim Walz of Mankato filed campaign paperwork for the office last Monday . The east metro has produced three Democratic candidates : St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman , St. Paul state Rep. Erin Murphy and state Auditor Rebecca Otto , of Marine on St. Croix , are already running .
So far , no well-known Republican figures have announced bids but many are sniffing around possible runs .
In launching their campaign , Liebling drew on their policy chops .
On their campaign website , they list firm left-of-center positions on everything from taxes to campaign finance to costs of college to marijuana .
Tax breaks for the wealthy should be ended ; big campaign spenders should have to disclose information ; the first two years of tuition at public colleges or universities should be free ; and , Minnesota should consider legalizing recreational use of cannabis , they declare .
“ Sometimes I think those distinctions are a little artificial ( of ) what we consider left or right . I think there 's a lot of agreement when you get out and talk to people ; I think people really want a lot of the same things , ” they said .
Related Articles House OKs Democrats ' bill blocking Trump emergency on wall
I-35W southbound lanes to close in Minneapolis for road work overnight Thursday
Should MN students need a doctor 's note to wear sunscreen at school ?
MN county Republican group shares post comparing Bernie Sanders to Hitler ; Jewish group calls it ‘ deeply anti-Semitic '
One-on-One : Trump , Kim confront North Korea 's nuke plans Liebling , who has been known to stand for what they believe even if it makes life difficult for their party , has a history of being less likely to vote with the rest of Democrats than many legislators . Despite that , in the last two-year session of the Legislature , they had one of the most liberal voting records in the House , according to a Pioneer Press study .
They said they have no problem telling vested interests “ no , ” including the Mayo Clinic , a major employer in their district .
“ I do n't represent Mayo , I represent Rochester , ” they said . They said that 's an example of the bold independent profile they would bring to the governor 's office .
Liebling said they plan to abide by the DFL endorsement in the governor 's race but did not close the door to running without it . They also said that they may run for their House seat again , “ if it looks like Minnesotans are not interested in my candidacy ” and the timing works out for them to switch to running for the Legislature again .
Ready to roll !
Daylife/AP Photo used by permission
Comcast has filed its appeal of an FCC decision issued last August that censured the cable company for blocking P2P files , arguing that the commission does n't have the authority to impose the broadband principles that define network neutrality in the U.S. absent a federal law or a full public hearing to make those principles binding as regulatory policy . Indeed , Comcast 's appeal will test the FCC 's ability to enforce network neutrality without either of those things .
Comcast 's intent to appeal the FCC 's ruling was announced last September , but initial briefs , which it filed July 27 , are just now hitting the courts . Comcast initially got into trouble in October 2007 , after an Associated Press investigation revealed the company was forging packets that would cause BitTorrent connections of some users to drop and failing to inform them of the practice — a serious net neutrality no-no .
After multiple hearings and the filing of more than 6,500 public comments , the FCC in August of 2008 gave Comcast a stern talking-to and ordered it to change its network management practice , but stopped short of issuing a fine . It also declined to make a formal rule regarding this sort of action , saying instead that it will continue to examine net neutrality issues on a case-by-case basis . So as per the FCC 's order , Comcast implemented a type of network management plan that temporarily slows connections for heavy bandwidth users when the network gets crowded . The management affects uploads and downloads and is protocol-agnostic .
A Comcast spokesperson said today that regardless of the success of Comcast 's appeal , its network management procedures will stay the same .
In essence , Comcast says the FCC has no right to issue orders affecting throttling of consumers ' accounts . A direct contradiction to anything that pretends to Net Neutrality .
I guess we will get to see which side the “ new ” FCC will take in disputes like this . Though the wheels of government turn as slowly as ever .
In a day and age in which corporations rule the world , the brutal Al-Qaeda spin off known as ISIS is learning from the best , and as part of its credentialising and image-building has done something only major corporations do at the end of every year : it has issued annual reports for the past 2 years ( unaudited , unless Ernst & Young has quietly upgraded from `` massaging '' the books for Lehman 's Repo 105 and , of course , the New York Fed , without our knowledge ) .
That 's right : as the FT reported earlier , `` Since 2012 the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , ( known as Isis ) has issued annual reports , outlining in numerical and geographical detail its operations – the number of bombings , assassinations , checkpoints , suicide missions , cities taken over and even “ apostates ” converted to the Isis cause . ''
But while publicly traded corporations focus more on revenues , margins , and profits , ISIS has other key considerations :
In 2013 alone , the group 's report claimed nearly 10,000 operations in Iraq : 1,000 assassinations , 4,000 improvised explosive devices planted and hundreds of radical prisoners freed . In the same year it claimed hundreds of “ apostates ” had been turned .
Wait ... are you serious ?
Why yes : below are the `` investment highlights '' pages from ISIS ' 2012 and 2013 annual reports :
And to think how many more assassinations and bombings ISIS would have achieved if only it was n't for the damn `` polar vortex '' ...
But why is ISIS not only documenting its every single act , but boasting about all of its terrorist achievements ? According to the FT the purpose of releasing 410 pages full to the brim with the terrorist group 's exploits , is simple : `` Isis 's aim appears to be to demonstrate its record to potential donors . '' Which means that the glossy excerpted pages shown above are indeed nothing more than investment highlights !
The reports paint a picture of an organisation that analysts say is not so much the ragtag terrorist band depicted by Iraqi officials but more of an organised military structure with a clear political strategy to set up a Sunni sectarian state – and one with several of the hallmarks of a corporate entity . “ The reports provide measures of performance in the way you roll out details for donors , ” said Jessica Lewis , director of research at the Institute for the Study of War . “ They affirm that the organisation operates like an army and that it has state-building ambitions . ”
Virtually every aspect of a conventional annual review is included : Nigel Inkster , former assistant chief of UK intelligence service MI6 , and now director of transnational threats at the International Institute for Strategic Studies , said : `` They produce [ them ] almost like a company , with details of martyrdom operations and targets . You have a clear overlay of structure , planning and strategy to the organisation . ''
One wonders : how does one differentiate between suicide missions and successful assassiantion attempts on a GAAP vs non-GAAP basis ? The answer is unclear , but what is clear is that the modus operandi of terrorist organizations has changed drastically from the days of Osama bin Laden living in caves in Afghanistan .
Isis is the successor to the group that was known as al-Qaeda in Iraq and was so brutal in its methods that it drove Sunni tribes , with help and financial incentives from the US military , to turn against it in 2006 . Isis learnt a lesson . “ Isis decided the solution was better military power and that it should be a harder version of al-Qaeda , ” said Ms Lewis . And yet the group has adapted to new modern methods of spreading its message . Deft use of social media has been at the forefront of its campaigning tactics in Syria and Iraq . When it comes to using platforms such as Twitter , Isis is “ probably more sophisticated than most US companies , ” says Aaron Zelin , an expert on jihadis and fellow at the Washington Institute . ...
Isis 's use of social media has been one of the main reasons why it has become the single most popular organisation for fighters from foreign countries – including an estimated 2,000 from Europe , according to estimates from western intelligence agencies .
So ISIS is great at creating real ( and probably fake , purchased in Bangladesh ) Twitter followers , but what really matters at the end of the day , just like with every self-respecting corporation , is whether ISIS has the funds and can generate the income the sustain its terrorist operation .
And it is here that ISIS truly excels . As we reported last week , ISIS is now the richest terror group ever after it looted over $ 400 million from the central bank of the Iraqi city of Mosul - the first town it overran with virtually no resistance as part of its Blitz offensive .
`` In financial terms , 2014 has been dramatically successful for the group , after fighters looted hundreds of millions of dollars from Mosul banks . According to the Council on Foreign Relations , Isis was already extorting taxes from businesses in Mosul before its takeover , netting perhaps as much as $ 8m a month .
While these achievements will be revealed in the upcoming ISIS ' 2014 anual report , we wonder : will they be classified as recurring , or as all those GM recalls and JPM lawsuits , be deemed `` One-time '' , `` non-recurring . ''
In conclusion : ISIS has the balance sheet , it also has the cash flow , it has the weapons inventory , the property , refinery plants and bomb equipment , and the terrorist churn . It also has a glossy 410 page annual report for the Terrorist Fiscal Year Ended 2013 ( which at more than double the pages of the 2012 report means business has never been better ) .
All that is missing is an IPO and a Conviction Buy rating from Goldman Sachs .
The full 2013 report can be found below ( pdf )
iStock
O dia após o recorde histórico do dólar não vem sendo muito otimista para os brasileiros . Depois de fechar a terça-feira acima de R $ 4 , nesta quarta ( 23 ) chegou a R $ 4,15 . Esse é o maior valor nominal já registrado desde 1994 , na vigência do Plano Real .
Claro que comprar no exterior não está nada fácil , mas não é só de consumismo que vive a humanidade . Enquanto uns lamentam o valor da moeda norte-americana nas redes sociais , outros tentam tirar proveito da situação . E para ganhar com o dólar em alta só há uma saída : trabalho online .
Confira abaixo quatro áreas para desenvolver projetos e receber em dólar :
1 . Canal no YouTube
Tem muita gente que critica as vlogeiras e vlogeiros do YouTube , mas o fato é que eles ganham ( e muito ) com seus vídeos . Esse também é o caso dos demais canais que produzem conteúdo próprio , como o Porta dos Fundos , que tem mais de 10 milhões de inscritos . O `` segredo '' deles para receber em dólar pelas visualizações de seus vídeos é simples : basta se filiar ao Programa de Parceria do YouTube e ativar o canal para monetização .
Para isso , é preciso atender aos termos do contrato , ser maior de 18 anos e produzir conteúdo autoral . A rentabilidade do canal se relaciona diretamente com o número de visualizações do vídeo . Em São Paulo , o YouTube disponibiliza espaços para que os produtores de conteúdo de canais com mais de 2,5 mil inscritos possam gravar novos vídeos . E para quem está começando agora , também há cursos e workshops , além , é claro , de ser um bom lugar para fazer networking . Em 2016 , o Youtube Spaces abrirá uma nova unidade no Rio de Janeiro .
2 . Adsense e outros sistemas de publicidade
Além das publicidades em vídeos do YouTube , há também a possibilidade de oferecer locais para anúncios dentro de seu próprio site de uma forma simples e descomplicada . Isso é possível com o Google AdSense , a ferramenta de anúncios do Google , e também através de outros sistemas de publicidade online de sites de vendas , como a Amazon , que oferece a opção de se tornar um associado e ajudar com a divulgação de produtos através de links de redirecionamento . O dono do canal ou website que vende um espaço para divulgações de anúncios publicitários recebe determinada quantia em dólar cada vez que um usuário clica no link ou banner disponibilizado no site e é redirecionado . Há também casos em que é possível receber porcetagens em cima do valor de uma compra realizada pelo cliente que acessou a loja através do link do site .
3 . Freela internacional
Os trabalhos freelancer são bem comuns na área de comunicação . Quem atua em design , jornalismo , fotografia , música , tecnologia da informação e também desenvolvendo produtos para web , como websites , muitas vezes trabalha de maneira autônoma e desenvolve vários projetos paralelos . Além de sites brasileiros , há também opções de redes internacionais destinadas a conetar freelancers e empresas . A vantagem para os brasileiros do freela internacional é que os trabalhos são sempre remunerados em dólar . Para se dar bem nesse meio , é bom preparar um bom portfólio , pois a concorrência será sempre bem maior .
4 . Venda de fotos e vídeos para bancos de imagens
Aqui é um trabalho freelancer destinado a fotógrafos e designs . Bancos de imagens , como iStock e o Getty Images , precisam de peças , fotografias e vídeos que retratem os mais variados temas , representem diferentes culturas e mostrem lugares de todo o mundo . O mercado de banco de imagens existe desde 1920 , mas antes as vendas eram feitas através de catálogos e revistas . Com a internet , tudo ficou mais simples , rápido e expansivo , dando abertura não apenas para profissionais e agências especializadas , mas também fotógrafos amadores . Cada vez que um download é feito em um desses bancos , o profissional é remunerado em dólar .
Because of NBC 's policy against GIFs , we used GIFs from Biles 's and Mustafina 's recent competitions . I 've linked video ( NBC does not allow embedding ) of the routines that are available online .
American gymnast Simone Biles turned the Rio Olympics ' women 's individual all-around gymnastics competition into a coronation .
`` Simone is so good that the Olympics have become boring , '' Dave Lease , the editor of TSL , a figure skating and gymnastics news website , told me .
Biles scored a 62.198 and won the gold medal event by more than two points — a large margin in gymnastics , where a tenth or hundredth of a point can be all that separates silver and gold . Biles 's teammate Aly Raisman nabbed the silver with a 60.098 , and Russia 's Aliya Mustafina won the bronze with a 58.665 .
The win gave Biles their second gold medal of these Olympics , and secured their place in the pantheon of the greatest gymnasts that the sport has ever seen . Here 's how it happened :
The competition was dramatic for about 10 minutes
For a fraction of the competition , fans saw something very rare : Simone Biles in second place .
Biles 's group — which included Raisman and Mustafina — began their gymnastics rotation on vault and then transitioned to the uneven bars for their second event . Vault is a strength for Raisman and Biles , and a weak one for Mustafina .
The Americans perform a difficult vault called the Amanar ( see Biles do it in the GIF below ) that 's worth a lot of points , while Mustafina and many other competitors perform a less difficult vault worth fewer points .
Biles scored a 15.866 on the vault ( watch Biles 's vault at NBC ) , Raisman scored a 15.633 , and Mustafina scored a 15.200 .
But after they performed on the bars , their respective standings shifted .
Biles and Raisman struggle with the bars because the event does n't necessarily reward explosiveness as much as it does finesse , fluidity , and timing . It 's an event that tends to favor leaner , smaller gymnasts ( look at the difference in build between Biles and their bars specialist teammate Madison Kocian ) .
The bars are Mustafina 's strongest event .
Judges are looking for form — straight lines , pointed toes , vertical handstands — as well as the ability to connect skills smoothly and make it look effortless . Here 's Mustafina using those skills in London four years ago , when they won the gold medal on the event :
Biles is n't bad on the bars . But they 've given their problems before :
There were no major bobbles on Biles 's part , and they scored a 14.966 ( watch Biles 's bar routine at NBC ) . But Mustafina hit a clean routine with a good landing , scoring a 15.666 . With one great performance , Mustafina closed the gap between them and the Americans , and briefly took the lead .
Heading into the balance beam , Mustafina was in the lead , with a 30.866 to Biles 's 30.832 .
The competition effectively ended when Simone Biles got on the beam
There is no event that showcases Simone Biles 's physical gifts better than the floor routine . The apparatus lets you appreciate just how strong they are , how seemingly limitless their endurance is ; they perform their third tumbling pass better and with more height than most of their competitors perform their first .
But in the 2016 Olympic women 's all-around finals it was another event , the balance beam , that proved how talented Biles is and showcased the gifts you may not notice during one of their trademark high-flying tumbling passes .
In second place , and first in the queue to perform , Biles showed why she 's a world champion on the event and also flashed their mental toughness — the reason they have n't lost a single all-around competition in their senior career .
Biles 's beam routine is considered world class because of the number of elements they do in succession . When she 's at their best , she 's connecting skills one after another like this :
Biles scored a commanding 15.433 on the beam after nailing their dismount ( watch Biles 's beam routine at NBC ) , a full-twisting double back . Raisman scored a 14.866 . Mustafina faltered and scored a 13.866 . After three rotations , and heading into their best event — the floor — Biles was sitting at 46.265 , with Mustafina at 44.666 .
Biles 's floor exercise confirmed what we knew
`` She [ Mustafina ] should be very happy with herself , '' Lease said about Mustafina 's short-lived lead over Biles . `` I think Aliya was in first for about 10 minutes . There was definitely a full commercial break where they were in the lead before Simone went on beam . We ca n't forget they had to walk around the arena to change apparatus as well . It was maybe even 12 minutes . ''
By the time Biles 's group began its final event , gold was as good as hers . Thanks to Biles 's high starting values ( as determined by the difficulty in their routine ) , there was no way for Mustafina to catch them Meanwhile , Raisman , who did n't score that well on bars ( 14.166 ) , was still trying to make up the ground they lost .
When the dust settled , Biles needed somewhere in the neighborhood of 13 points to win gold . To score that low ( at least for her ) , Biles would need to step out bounds maybe twice , or to forget which tumbling pass they were doing . But there was no nonsense . Biles scored a 15.933 , and cemented their place as one of the best and the most dominating female gymnasts the sport will see .
Watch : Simone Biles is the gymnastics gold standard
Gorbachev says Obama will bring 'perestroika ' to US : report
Posted
Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev welcomed Barack Obama 's victory in the US presidential election on Wednesday , saying they would bring `` perestroika '' to the United States , ITAR-TASS news agency reported .
`` I am very happy . Two or three years ago I said America needed perestroika , and this was greeted with cheers in the US , '' Mr Gorbachev was quoted as saying , using the term for their 1980s liberal reforms that helped end the Cold War .
`` It is no accident that the whole world followed these elections , including in Russia , where they were followed like never before . This shows there is hope that the arrival of a new administration will bring changes , '' they added .
Mr Gorbachev , a winner of the Nobel Peace Prize , added that the election of the United States ' first black president was a `` lesson '' for other countries and showed `` a very strong side of America . ''
Perestroika - a Russian word that translates roughly as `` rebuilding '' - was the name given to the liberal reforms Gorbachev introduced in the 1980s as they opened up the markets of the former Soviet Union .
-AFP
Topics : 2008 , us-elections , world-politics , russian-federation , united-states
The ScotRail Alliance has said it is “ one of the best performing railways in Britain ” and is also “ on a par with the big operators across Europe . ”
The announcement comes at the train prover confirmed it has achieved a sixth consecutive period of year-on-year train service performance improvement .
In the four weeks to March 31 , 93.3 % of ScotRail trains met the industry punctuality target measures .
READ MORE : ScotRail under fire after complaints about service rise by 10 %
This is 0.7 % better than the same four-week period last year - and 0.1 % better than the previous four weeks .
During the same period , equivalent performance in England and Wales was 90.7 % .
This means ScotRail 's annual average performance figure is 90.3 % against 87.4 % in England and Wales .
READ MORE : 'Honest conversation ' to be had with new ScotRail chief overpowers and delays
ScotRail Alliance operations director Perry Ramsey said : “ This was another period where our people delivered a great service for our customers .
“ We are now consistently delivering one of the best performing railways in Britain . In fact , the levels we are now operating at are on a par with the big operators across Europe .
“ We are entering into an exciting time for our railway . In a matter of weeks , the electrification of the line between Edinburgh and Glasgow will be finished .
READ MORE : 'Yes , there is an easy way to improve ScotRail 's disjointed networks '
“ This will allow us to bring into service the brand-new faster , longer , greener trains that will deliver more seats and shorter journey times .
“ Following that , our fully refurbished fleet of inter-city trains will give customers a better , more comfortable and faster way to travel between the seven cities of Scotland , better connecting Aberdeen , Inverness , Dundee and the Central Belt .
“ Alongside the continued roll out of our queue-busting smart tickets , we are transforming the way people travel . ”
READ MORE : Rail disruption set for Easter weekend and beyond - all you need to know
The surprising announcement comes after months of issues for the troubled network .
Just last month , ministers signalled a further push for full control of Scotland 's railways , claiming `` an honest conversation '' was needed with the trains ' operator over the causes for delays and disruption .
A political consensus has hardened that there are too few houses being built and that our planning laws are too restrictive . Equally most people seem to believe that too much of Britain , especially England , has been bulldozed and obliterated ; that our land is less pleasant and less green with each passing year . In fact , only 10.6 per cent of England ( and 6 per cent of Britain ) is developed . The myth spun about this country is that land is scarce . It is not – landowners , many of them aristocrats who acquired their land through a quirk of ancestral good luck or who benefited from the Norman Conquest , the dissolution of the monasteries or the enclosure of common land , are paid to keep it off the market through a system of European Union agricultural subsidies ( see table below ) . What is scarce is land on which there is planning permission to build .
Yet the question of who owns Britain , how the land came to be owned and what it means for the rest of us has never been answered adequately . The Labour Party , for example , never speaks of the need for a land value tax ( which is supported by Martin Wolf , the Financial Times 's influential economics commentator ) and does not mention land reform , which was once a great reforming Liberal cause .
It was Britain 's iniquitous system of land ownership that prompted Herbert Asquith to pass the Parliament Act in 1911 and assert the primacy of the House of Commons over the House of Lords , one of the most redoubtable defenders of the landed interest .
More than a century later , the situation is little improved . The United Kingdom is 60 million acres in size , of which 42 million acres are designated “ agricultural ” land and 12 million are “ natural wastage ” ( forests , rivers , mountains ) owned by institutions such as the Forestry Commission , the Ministry of Defence and the National Trust . The remaining six million acres are the “ urban plot ” , the densely congested land on which our houses , factories and offices are built . ( Most of the 62 million people of these islands live on just three million acres . )
What this means , in effect , is that 69 per cent of British acreage is owned by less than 1 per cent of the population , or 158,000 families
( the so-called cousinhood ) , a concentration of ownership unrivalled in western Europe with the exception of the kingdom of Spain .
Green , unpleasant land
This maldistribution of land is one of the primary , if largely unacknowledged , causes of the current housing crisis . Though there is no shortage of land in Britain , little of it is available for development , given the enduring dominance of a landowning elite . The frequent lament
that the countryside has been “ concreted over ” is unsupported by evidence . The UK National Ecosystem Assessment , published in 2011 , and the most comprehensive survey of the country 's natural environment and resources ever undertaken , concluded that just 6.8 per cent of the UK 's land area could be classified as urban . Even this figure overstates the extent of development . In England , for instance , where 10.6 per cent of land is designated as urban , 54 per cent of that total is green space ( parks , sports pitches , cemeteries and so on ) , with domestic gardens accounting for 18 per cent and water ( rivers , canals , lakes and reservoirs ) for 6.6 per cent . In sum , 78.6 per cent of English urban land is designated as “ natural ” rather than built .
In the UK as a whole , it is “ enclosed farmland ” that accounts for by far the largest share of land ( 40 per cent ) , followed by mountains , moorlands and heath ( 18 per cent ) and woodland ( 12 per cent , a figure that has doubled since 1945 ) . For those who question why UK homes are both the smallest in Europe and the most expensive , the answer is that 90 per cent of the population lives on just 5 per cent of the land . Viewed in this context , it is unsurprising that so many believe this is an overcrowded country in which rapacious developers have monopolised what little space remains .
That this system has endured , contrary to all reason , is testimony to the power and influence of those who benefit from it . The largest private landowner , not just in Britain but in Europe , is Richard Scott , the 10th Duke of Buccleuch and 12th Duke of Queensberry , who inherited their property empire on their father 's death five years ago . They own 240,000 acres , including the Queensberry Estate , with its headquarters in Drumlanrig Castle , Dumfries , and the Langholm Estate on the Dumfriesshire-Cumbria border , worth an estimated £1bn in total . Their nearest rivals include the Duke of Westminster , who owns 133,100 acres ( worth £6bn ) and whose Grosvenor Estate includes the most valuable real estate in London ( in Belgravia and Mayfair ) , and Prince Charles , who , in their cap­acity as Duke of Cornwall , owns 133,602 acres worth between £1bn and £1.2bn .
Were the government to announce that , despite their considerable means , these individuals would receive extensive subsidy from the taxpayer , there would be predictable outrage . Yet , in the form of the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy ( CAP ) , such a programme ( let 's call it “ aid for aristocrats ” ) already exists . The average British household contributes £245 a year to the CAP , most of which is handed to the wealthiest landowners . Originally established with the intention of supporting small farmers and reducing Europe 's reliance on food imports , the CAP , which accounts for over 40 per cent ( €55bn ) of the EU budget , has become a slush fund for assorted dukes , earls and princes . Payment is based on acreage alone and takes no account of wealth , making the scheme one of the most regressive – the more you own , the more you get . In addition , since the EU 's definition of “ farmer ” does not require individuals to produce food or other agricultural products , many recipients are , in effect , paid not to farm .
Freedom of Information request by the New Statesman to the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) reveals that the largest landowners received millions of pounds in taxpayer subsidy last year . The Duke of Westminster , a multibillionaire , was paid £748,716 for their ownership of Grosvenor Farms , the Earl of Plymouth £675,085 , the Duke of Buccleuch £260,273 , the Duke of Devonshire £251,729 and the Duke of Atholl £231,188 for their Blair Castle estate . It was also a lucrative year for the Windsors . The Queen received £415,817 for the Royal Farms and £314,811 for the Duchy of Lancaster , while Prince Charles was paid £127,868 for the Duchy of Cornwall . Similarly well-remunerated was Saudi Arabia 's Prince Bandar bin Sultan , who received £273,905 for their 2,000-acre Glympton Estate in Oxfordshire , allegedly purchased with proceeds of the 1985 al-Yamamah arms deal between Britain and Saudi Arabia . The largest individual UK beneficiary is Sir Richard Sutton , who was paid £1.7m for their Settled Estates , the 6,500-acre property near Newbury that they inherited with their baron­etcy in 1981 , despite net assets of £136.5m .
Other unlikely recipients include Harrow School , which received £4,622 , Severn Trent Water , which was paid £779,436 , and the outsourcing company Serco , currently cashing in on the government 's privatisation of NHS services , which , courtesy of the public , received £2.7m in land subsidy . With EU member states simultaneously cutting jobs , wages and services at the behest of Brussels , it is socialism for the rich and capitalism for the poor .
Aware that it can not legitimately sustain such corporate welfare at a time of austerity , the EU has vowed to reform the programme by capping direct payments at €300,000 and by ensuring that only “ active ” farmers receive subsidy . But even under these proposals , due to be implemented in 2014 , the EU will still provide aid to landowners who derive just 5 per cent of their annual revenue from agricultural activity ; and , in the case of the cap , the biggest farms will be able to avoid it simply by restructuring .
The Conservative Party seldom misses a chance to bash the Brussels bureaucrats , and yet , because of its enduring ties to the landed gentry , one hears little from it about the inequity of the CAP or the order it helps sustain .
Land reform is now both a political and an economic necessity for Britain . Here is an issue that should galvanise both the Liberal Democrats and Labour .
Attorney for former Los Angeles drug kingpin Ricky Ross says client did nothing illegal in Sonoma County
A lawyer for former Los Angeles drug kingpin “ Freeway ” Ricky Donnell Ross said the $ 100,000 their client had in the car when they were pulled over by a Sonoma County sheriff 's deputy last week had nothing to do with drugs .
Ross , 55 , was on their way north to buy land somewhere in Humboldt County when they were pulled over Wednesday and wrongly targeted by a deputy patrolling Highway 101 in an annual harvest-time effort to intercept vehicles with cash or marijuana traveling between the Emerald Triangle and the rest of California , Ross ' attorney Jai Gohel said .
“ There was not one shred of illegal contraband in the car , no marijuana , nothing , all it is money , ” Gohel said .
Ross was arrested on suspicion of possessing money related to the sale of a controlled substance and conspiring to commit a crime , according to the sheriff 's office .
Ross told the San Francisco Chronicle that they felt targeted because they are black and they believed the charges were “ trumped up. ” Ross said their vehicle was among at least 20 cars on that section of the highway near Windsor all traveling at about the same speed .
The sheriff 's office has provided few details about the arrest and has not released the time , location or other circumstances of the incident . A lieutenant reached Monday afternoon said that they could only confirm the charges and that Ross was arrested Wednesday while driving north on the highway . Ross was released Thursday on $ 10,000 bail .
Gohel said the bail was lifted because the Sonoma County District Attorney 's Office did not immediately file a complaint against Ross . Ross ' first court appearance in the case is scheduled for December .
Ross was a major figure in the crack cocaine trade in South Los Angeles in the 1990s , but they were convicted in 1996 of conspiring to buy more than 100 kilograms of cocaine from a police informant . They were released in 2009 . Ross has led a lawful life since prison , earning a living through book sales and speaking tours , according to Gohel .
During the traffic stop , the sheriff 's deputy told Ross they smelled marijuana , which allowed them to search the vehicle with a trained police dog , Gohel said . The dog found the cash . Ross said that they have a valid prescription for marijuana , according to the Chronicle .
“ My client has a source of money that comes from book sales ; he 's a cultural icon , ” Gohel said . “ I think this is going to be a case that will be a total waste of time . ”
You can reach Staff Writer Julie Johnson at 521-5220 or julie.johnson @ pressdemocrat.com . On Twitter @ jjpressdem .
url Facebook Google Pluse Twitter
Dear Heroes ,
Lately , we have noticed a sharp increase in the number of Dragon Nest accounts created with disposable email addresses ( @ yopmail.com , for example ) . After extensive investigation , we have determined that majority of these accounts are created with a purpose of conducting illegal activities such as botting and gold-farming .
As such , we will be conducting a mass ban on all game accounts with a disposable email .
However , we understand that not all accounts using disposable emails are botting accounts , and a handful are honest and down-to-earth players . We definitely do not want the upcoming mass ban to affect these legit players .
Therefore , we are giving all players whom are currently using a disposable email as your Dragon Nest game account a 2 weeks grace period to change their emails . The mass ban will be carried out on 21st December .
Below is a list of disposable email domains that will be affected by the mass ban :
@ yopmail.com
@ dropmail.me
@ 10mail.org
@ noicd.com
@ yomail.info
@ emltmp.com
@ gustr.com
If your game account 's email is listed as above , we urge you to switch to another email the latest by 20th December 2359 HRS PST .
You may follow the instructions in this link to change your emails .
Thank you .
If you 're one of the lucky Mazda customers to be invited to the Miata RF presale , you should be prepared to shell out some cash , as the 2017 Mazda MX-5 Miata RF Launch Edition has been priced starting at $ 34,685 , including destination .
That price represents a premium of $ 3,485 over a 2016 Miata Grand Touring , the model that serves as the base for the RF . Of course , the RF gets a trick power targa top , and Launch Editions receive exclusive Nappa leather and other goodies to help justify the price . The Launch Edition is also limited to just 1,000 units , so that exclusivity is reflected in the price . The RF Launch Edition costs $ 34,685 with the six-speed manual transmission , or an extra $ 1,075 if you want the six-speed automatic .
View 26 Photos
Starting today , customers who were sent an invitation to buy the RF Launch Edition will have a specific window of time to preorder the limited-edition model by putting down a $ 500 refundable deposit . If the car is n't sold out in the first week , preorders will open up to the public starting October 3 . Miata RF Launch Edition deliveries begin February of next year , and continue into the spring .
RF Launch Edition models get the same standard features as the MX-5 Grand Touring in addition to Machine Gray Metallic paint , an Auburn Nappa leather interior , a hand-painted black roof panel , unique doorsill plates , and hands-free keyless entry . The Launch Editions will look pretty much identical to the car that debuted at the New York auto show . Buyers will also receive a serialized commemorative Tourneau watch with 42-mm face .
The invitation-only presale for the Miata RF Launch Edition follows similar events for the 2016 Mazda MX-5 Launch Edition and 2015 MX-5 25th Anniversary Edition , the latter of which sold out in 10 minutes . As we previously reported , the Miata RF is powered by the same 155-hp Skyactiv-G 2.0-liter I-4 engine as the standard model , but weighs 80-100 pounds more thanks to its complex folding top , which is an engineering marvel to behold . Non-Launch Edition RF models are expected to arrive later in the first quarter of 2017 , and will be offered in the full range of Miata colors .
Source : Mazda
Dr. Geordie Rose is a founder and Chief Technology Officer at D-Wave Computers . I met Geordie at the IdeaCity conference in Toronto where they made an impassioned presentation about D-Wave and quantum computing . Needless to say , as soon as Dr. Rose stoped speaking I rushed to ask them for an interview . As it turns out Geordie is already a fan of Singularity 1 on 1 and isntantly said that they would be happy to do it .
As a father of three kids and the CTO of a trail-blazing quantum computing company , Dr. Rose is a very busy person . Yet somehow they were generous beyond measure in giving me over two hours for an interview with the apparent desire to address as many of mine and the audience 's questions as possible .
During our conversation with Geordie Rose we cover a variety of interesting topics such as : how wrestling competitively created an opportunity for them to discover Quantum Mechanics ; why they decided to become an entrepreneur building computers at the edge of science and technology ; what the name D-wave stands for ; what is a quantum computer ; why fabrication tech is the greatest limiting factor towards commoditizing quantum computing ; hardware specs and interesting details around Vesuvius – D-Wave 's latest model , and the kinds of problems it can compute ; Rose 's Law as the quantum computer version of Moore 's Law ; how D-wave resolves the de-coherence/interference problem ; the traditional von Neumann architecture behind classical computer design and why D-Wave had to move beyond it ; Vesuvius ' computational power as compared to similarly priced classical super-computers and the inherent difficulties in accurate bench-marking ; Eric Ladizinski 's qubit and the velodrome metaphor used to describe it ; the skepticism among numerous scientists as to whether D-Wave really makes quantum computers or not ; whether Geordie feels occasionally like Charles Babbage trying to build their difference engine ; their prediction that quantum computers will help us create AI by 2029 ; whether the brain is more like a classical or quantum computer ; how you can apply for programming time on the two D-wave quantum computers ; their take on the technological singularity…
My three favorite quotes that I will take away from this interview with Geordie Rose are :
“ Think about the Long Term and do n't pay all that much attention to the issues of the day. ” “ Machine learning is progressing faster than you think and will become more broadly available on shorter timescales than you might have hoped. ” “ Becoming involved is not impossible ! “
As always you can listen to or download the audio file above or scroll down and watch the video interview in full . To show your support you can write a review on iTunes , make a direct donation or become a patron on Patreon .
Who is Geordie Rose ?
Dr. Geordie Rose is a founder and CTO of D-Wave . They are known as a leading advocate for quantum computing and physics-based processor design , and has been invited to speak on these topics in venues ranging from the 2003 TED Conference to the 2013 HPC User Forum . Geordie 's innovative and ambitious approach to building quantum computing technology has received coverage in MIT Technology Review magazine , The Economist , New Scientist , Scientific American , Nature and Science magazines , and one of their business strategies was profiled in a Harvard Business School case study . They have received several awards and accolades for their work with D-Wave , including winning the 2011 Canadian Innovation Exchange Innovator of the Year award .
Dr. Rose holds a PhD in theoretical physics from the University of British Columbia , specializing in quantum effects in materials . While at McMaster University , they graduated first in their class with a BEng in Engineering Physics , specializing in semiconductor engineering . They also are a two-time Canadian national wrestling champion , the 2010 NAGA Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu world champion , and a member of the McMaster University sports Hall of Fame .
Google and NASA Explain Quantum Computing :
Quantum Computing 101 , with D-Wave 's Vern Brownell
Building the First Quantum Computer :
CHENNAI : A heart valve made from a cow 's heart has given a new lease of life to an 81-year-old woman . The patient from Hyderabad , who was suffering from narrowing of the aortic valve , was operated upon at Frontier Lifeline Hospitals in Chennai last Saturday . `` The procedure was a viable alternative to traditional open-heart surgery for those who have severe aortic valve stenosis and belong to high surgical risk group , '' said Dr K M Cherian of Frontier Lifeline Hospitals.The woman , who had already undergone a valve replacement surgery 11 years ago , began to show symptoms of heart problems early this year . Though they approached several hospitals across the country , they could not get any positive response . `` She came to us in April with complaints of severe breathlessness and repeated hospital admissions . Tests showed that their replaced aortic valve was narrow , '' said interventional cardiologist Dr R Anantharaman , who performed the surgery.Conventionally , an open-heart surgery is performed to remove the diseased valve and replace it with a new one . However , considering the woman 's age , doctors decided to perform a minimally invasive procedure . `` We used a bio-prosthetic valve made from cow 's heart tissue and fixed it by inserting a catheter through a big artery in their groin , '' said the doctor.The procedure was challenging considering the fact that the elderly woman already had a valve replacement surgery and had also undergone treatment for breast cancer a few years ago . `` She had undergone radiotherapy and this had caused tissue in their chest to get stuck . This made them an extremely high risk case , '' said Dr Anantharaman . The doctor added that the difficulty arose as they had to re-do the valve replacement . `` Usually when we are replacing a native valve , we simply remove the old valve and put in a new one . But in their case , we just placed the new valve inside the old one , '' they said.The procedure was performed by a four-member team over a period of three hours . The patient 's condition stabilized post the procedure and they have been shifted to the general ward .
Do n't let media pictures of the cross ever present on the bare chest of Vladimir Putin fool you that he 's really a Christian .
Throughout the 70-year history of the Soviet Union , Christianity was suppressed and persecuted uninterrupted until Pope John Paul 11 , President Ronald Reagan and British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher brought down the Iron Curtain and Soviet Communism .
A bare two months later , ‘ Christian ' Putin has returned the brutal heel of the Marxism-Leninism ideology which made atheism the official doctrine of the Soviet Union down on the people of Russia 's newly-acquired Crimea .
“ In their state of the Nation speech last month , Putin asserted that , “ Many Euro-Atlantic countries have moved away from their roots including Christian values…Policies are being pursued that place on the same level a multi-child family and a same-sex partnership , a faith in God and a belief in Satan. ” Russia has adopted new laws that ban homosexual propaganda and criminalizes the insulting of religious sensibilities. ” ( Breitbart , Jan. 29 , 2014 )
Do n't allow Putin 's contention that “ America is Godless and has turned away from Christian values , ” to confuse .
“ The state was committed to the destruction of religion , and destroyed churches , mosques and temples , ridiculed , harassed and executed religious leaders , flooded the schools and media with atheistic teachings , and generally promoted atheism as the truth that society should accept . The total number of Christian victims of Soviet state atheist policies , has been estimated to range between 12-20 millions. ” ( Wikipedia )
The Soviet Union did n't change when it became plain Mother Russia . The KGB tiger called Putin has never changed their stripes .
With yesterday 's cheers still resounding from the overwhelming 96.77 percent for Crimea to rejoin Russia and 2.51 percent against still resounding , the biggest victim of the referendum is Christianity—already being forced out .
“ Earlier this month , Ukrainian Greek Catholic priests received oral and written threats warning them to leave Crimea. ” ( Vatican News )
Over the weekend , three priests of the Greek-Catholic church were missing in Crimea .
“ On Sunday at around 2 p.m. , the priest of the Greek-Catholic church , Mykola Kvych disappeared in Sevastopol. ” ( Democratic Alliance , March 16 , 2014 )
“ According to the report , the last thing they managed to say : “ If I do not get in touch anymore , then please report : they are smashing in the doors of my apartment on Khrustalova Street . They are the police and pro-Russian “ self-defense ” , there are many of them , I have metal doors , but I do not know how long they will stand .
“ I spoke with Father Mykola today at around 12:00 . They told me that Finnish journalists would come for an interview . Probably at the time of the attack , they could stay in their apartment , ” —said the head of the Information Department of Greek-Catholic Church Ihor Yatsiv .
“ Besides , parishioners of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from Yevpatoria reported that their priest Bogdan Kostecki had also disappeared today .
“ They report that on Saturday they returned from western city of Ternopil , where they brought their family . On the same day they told their wife that they have already gone to Crimea , and then disappeared . Their phones are switched off .
“ It became known that Father Ihor Havryliv has also disappeared . According to the preliminary information , they were in a car together with Father Bogdan Kostecki . ”
“ Our priests and bishops have been very close to the people , ” said Bishop Borys . “ We 've been inspired by the example of Our Lord [ Who ] went a long distance from fellowship with the Father to incarnate Himself and be in our reality . ”
They said they have also been inspired by the words of Pope Francis “ who said a pastor needs to have the smell of their sheep ” . And our pastors have been with the people , and they 're today with the people enduring this occupation in the Crimea. ” ( Vatican Radio )
When utter control over vulnerable populations is the chief aim of politicians like Vladimir Putin , claiming to be Christian gets them to where they want to be .
Perhaps Putin learned that from President Barack Obama .
Religious oppression feared in Ukraine
Buy Photo Work continues at the Tesla Motors gigafactory site at Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center . ( Photo : Andy Barron/RGJ ) Buy Photo
Tesla Motors ' CEO called the gigafactory `` a huge bet , '' with construction costs backing up the claim so far .
Touted as the largest lithium-ion battery plant of its kind in the world once finished , the joint project between Tesla and Panasonic continues to take shape in the Nevada high desert just east of Reno .
So far construction costs total at least $ 34 million through the first week of January , according to permits obtained by the Reno Gazette-Journal from the Storey County Building and Planning Department . The number does not include costs for ground clearing , retention basins and pad creation , which would further increase the amount projected for site work through the beginning of the year . The project is also pulling in contractors and subcontractors from various states , extending its financial impact far beyond Nevada .
Documents show 15 permitted projects approved so far at the gigafactory site since May 2014 , which is when Reno-based F & P Construction was supposed to start clearing vegetation , according to paperwork filed with the county . Work on the site range from temporary power projects and work trailers to the facility 's foundation and steel structure .
CLOSE What 's it like to build the biggest lithium-ion battery factory in the world ? Here 's footage of construction at the Tesla gigafactory site just east of Reno . Jason Hidalgo
Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk stressed the importance of the gigafactory to their company 's growth and future prospects during an appearance at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit last month .
`` ( The gigafactory ) is a huge bet but I do n't know of any other way to do it , '' Musk said . `` The amount of batteries we need is so huge that somebody 's got to build this thing and if we do n't contribute a bunch of money to building it , I just do n't see any other company doing that . ''
In a state that is no stranger to big bets , Tesla applied the same unconventional approach to the gigafactory that it used as a car industry upstart . Construction activity kicked off at the Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center Tesla site last summer even as the multi-state bidding process for the $ 5 billion lithium-ion battery plant was officially still ongoing . The company 's approach to contracting and closely managing projects , including hiring , as opposed to delegating primarily to a general contractor , also was described as `` unorthodox '' by labor representatives last year . The company took that as a compliment .
`` I contest the whole idea that this is unorthodox — what this is , is pragmatic , '' said Diarmuid O'Connell , Tesla vice president of corporate business and development .
Although permits show a total cost of about $ 34 million for activity slated at the site so far , the number would be much higher if cost estimates for ground clearing , retention basins and temporary work trailers also were included . Storey County does not require companies to submit cost estimates for such work because it charges either a flat amount or fees based on acreage for those types of projects .
The per cubic yard costs for ground work can vary depending on the location and condition of the site . Using a conservative estimate of $ 15 per cubic yard , it likely cost an additional $ 2.1 million to clear vegetation and prepare the ground for the site . The retention basin for capturing water runoff would have cost $ 1 million or so using estimates of about $ 25 per cubic yard .
At 5.3 million cubic yards , creating the pad for the gigafactory likely entailed significant cost even when using materials from the site . An analysis done for the Reno Gazette-Journal by a local estimator shows pad creation at the Tesla site likely cost around $ 16 million . With the estimates added , construction costs to date at the gigafactory site go up to $ 53.1 million .
One of the big winners so far from the Tesla effect is Storey County , which collected nearly $ 246,000 in permit fees from Tesla through Jan. 7 . The county has used the money to hire one new building inspector and one new fire inspector in order to be able to keep up with the large-scale project , said Pat Whitten , Storey County manager . Part of the fees also are being allocated to future county expenses related to the site .
`` With a project this size , you 'll have many more inspections that will have to be made as it progresses , '' Whitten said .
Beneficiaries from the project , however , are not limited to entities from Northern Nevada . Contractors and subcontractors working on the project include companies from 11 cities spread across five states — Nevada , California , Arizona , Utah and Pennsylvania .
One high-ticket item involves the construction of the gigafactory 's $ 16 million foundation , which Philadelphia-based W.G . Yates & Sons Construction is overseeing . The first phase of the facility 's steel structure will cost an additional $ 15 million , with Tesla contracting with Schuff Steel from Phoenix , Ariz. for the job .
The latest project approved by Storey County is for the construction of a 1,600-square-foot shell building . The permit was recorded on January 7 with work expected to be done in July .
Local unions are also reporting interest from workers from various states for the Tesla gig , which is considered a `` glamour job '' akin to projects such as the Bay Bridge , Levi 's Stadium and the new Apple headquarters that 's slated to be finished in 2016 .
In addition to the potential impact on the lithium industry , the halo effect extends to the gigafactory location as well . Storey County continues to garner interest from other companies looking at the area as a potential location , according to Whitten .
`` We flew a small team of four down to Phoenix just last week to look at a processing plant that 's interested in Storey County and Nevada , '' Whitten said . `` Clearly , the media attention and spotlight of successfully attaining Tesla has brought interest ( to Storey County ) from all quarters of the country and even the world . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //on.rgj.com/1DFe3xi
Four of the highest ranking members of the Bandidos motorcycle club have been indicted and arrested on charges related to the 2006 killing of a man in Austin , according to federal prosecutors .
Anthony Benesh III , 44 , was with their two children outside a Northwest Austin pizza restaurant in March 2006 when a single shot , believed to have been fired from an elevated portion of U.S. 183 , struck and killed them in a sniper-style attack , authorities have said .
Authorities believe the violent episode was an attempt from the Bandidos to protect their turf in Texas . The incident highlighted the club 's continued foothold on the state , where it has remained a dominant motorcycle gang for years .
Benesh , according to court documents filed at the time , was attempting to create a Texas chapter of the motorcycle gang the Hells Angels . They received multiple threatening voice and text messages indicating that they should stop wearing the insignia of the Hells Angels .
After a San Antonio federal grand jury returned the indictment , law enforcement arrested the following Bandidos in Waco and San Antonio on Thursday morning :
Johnny Romo , 47 , ( aka “ Downtown Johnny ” ) , is charged with murder in aid of racketeering and discharging a firearm . Romo was a national sergeant at arms of the Bandidos . Robert Romo , 45 , faces the same charges as Johnny Romo . They were a member of the Bandidos 's San Antonio Centro chapter . Jesse James Benavidez ( aka “ Kronic ” ) , 40 , is charged with discharging a firearm during a murder in aid of racketeering . Benavidez was sergeant at arms of the Bandidos San Antonio Centro chapter . Norberto Serna Jr. ( aka “ Hammer ” ) , 35 , faces the same charges as Benavidez . They were a member of the Bandidos San Antonio Centro chapter .
Correction : This story has been updated to correct the story . Only four people are accused in the killing of Anthony Benesh III .
Occasionally the new feminism can feel exactly like the old sexism . Whenever this happens , the easiest thing to do is blame yourself . You are behind the times . You are immature . You have n't caught on to the fact that what looks like sexism is now empowerment . You just ca n't handle the truth because the new feminism is so counter-cultural – so totally “ out there ” – it would fry your tiny brain .
I find this happens to me a lot . There are so many things which seem not very feminist at all and yet it turns out they 're totally liberating . You just have to develop the correct mindset . If you 've not yet reached this sublime state of being , then you just have to try harder .
Take childbirth , for instance . A century ago , first-wave feminists were campaigning for the use of pain relief during labour . It was , to quote Alison Phipps , “ part of a broader fight to free women from the dominion of biology ” . Fast-forward a hundred years , however , and it turns out that a drug-free labour is more liberating after all , as an act of resistance against “ the pathologisation of women 's natural reproductive capacities ” .
You 'd be forgiven for thinking this means we 'd come full circle . Nevertheless , this time it 's different . Labour might still be painful but this time we have agency . This time we are in control of our bodies . This time we do n't need drugs . Why ? Because we 're educated women making empowered choices . Because we 've realised that the problem was all in our heads .
I 've always felt uncomfortable with this modern understanding of reproductive realities . Even so , I 've rarely had the nerve to admit it . I do n't want to seem dismissive of those who do feel empowered by childbirth . I do n't want to appear prudish and mistrustful of the female body . I do n't want to look like a pro-capitalist , materialistic sell-out and if medicalisation is now the mainstream , then surely natural childbirth really is the radical , liberating alternative . And yet it all feels rather odd . To put it bluntly , giving birth in agony or feeling a failure for having an epidural or caesarean does not seem very radical or liberating to me . On the contrary , the current insistence that it is – accompanied by flippant dismissals of those who are “ too push to push ” – strikes me as conservative and puritanical . I do n't think there is an easy way to give birth so why are we pretending that such a thing can , by sheer force of will , be within every woman 's grasp ?
In The Politics of the Body , Phipps explores the ways in which modern-day feminist beliefs intersect with and may even be appropriated by neoliberal and neoconservative agendas . Childbirth is one of several areas of discussion , which also include breastfeeding , sex work , violence against women and the wearing of the veil . What many of these areas have in common is the way in which current feminist debate is focused not on structural support or political change , but on individual choice ( albeit not without the intimation that there can be a “ wrong ” choice , such as having an elective caesarean or deciding to formula feed ) . It 's a focus which has , to my mind , allowed inequality in through the back door . As Phipps observes , “ choice is to a large extent a function of privilege ” . It 's all very well to tell women they are not victims of punters , male colleagues or the medical establishment , but unless you change the material conditions in which women make choices , choice will only be meaningful for a small elite .
With childbirth and breastfeeding there is , Phipps notes , a telling disjuncture between the counter-cultural , egalitarian image promoted by middle-class campaigners and the statistics showing who benefits and who may , potentially , be harmed :
[ … ] although birth and breastfeeding activists have a tendency to present themselves as counter-cultural , and identify themselves with global Others in their appropriation of ‘ traditional ' practices , there is little attention paid to the stigmatizing effect this might have on our own social Others , the working-class and minority ethnic women who may choose birth interventions or infant formula for a variety of structural reasons .
While the birthing practices of global Others are uncritically fetishised , promoting an image of “ natural ” birth as inclusive , little is being done to support women who are socially excluded and for whom birth interventions are more commonplace . Furthermore , the belief that breastfeeding uptake is purely a matter of education rather than one of enacting structural change ( for instance , by encouraging workplaces to provide greater flexibility ) places the responsibility on the individual woman . They are expected to think their way to their own empowerment . It is every woman for herself .
Phipps identifies a link between pro-breastfeeding rhetoric and “ the neoliberal privatisation of responsibility : it is now a woman 's duty to build a better baby through breastfeeding and their fault if their child develops allergies , infections or other conditions such as obesity ” . It is not that breastfeeding should not be supported , but the pressure placed on women is unjust . It becomes a means of letting all external social factors off the hook . You could have had a healthy child if you 'd breastfed . You could have had an intervention-free labour if you 'd educated yourself . That which at first seems empowering – it 's all in your hands ! – turns out to be a burden .
I gave birth without pain relief and breastfed both of my children . I write this in the interests of full disclosure and yet it feels like a boast . Perhaps it is . I do n't want to feel proud and superior yet some small part of me does . Without wishing to I 've bought into circular politics of “ any choice as long as it 's this one ” . Even so , I do n't rationally believe one way of giving birth or feeding your child is inherently “ more feminist ” than another . On the contrary , I believe that as feminists we need to move beyond fetishising individual choice so that we may question the external conditions which shape our personal decisions .
Right now we treat choice as an end in itself , yet the choices we have regarding our bodies will always be finite . We will get old . We will die . In the interim , our bodies will not always do what we ask of them . We can view this as “ failure ” or we can view it as being human . We can enact change , but only if we are brave enough to recognise the limits of our own flesh . We can do better than perform intellectual contortions , remarketing the same old sexism as bright , shiny , vacuous liberation .
Update : Simple Token Hits 100 % of Target after 8.5 days , onward to the Kicker , sale ends 1 Dec 2017 or 240M hard cap .
Jason Goldberg Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 22 , 2017
We are proud to announce that Simple Token just hit our target of 100M ST sold in our ICO .
2655 people have purchased Simple Tokens thus far .
We designed the ST sale to reward the community if/when we achieve our targets . Because the Target of 100M ST was hit , all purchasers will now get additional 20 % bonus ST tokens .
The next milestone is the Kicker . At 120M ST all purchasers will earn 5 % more bonus tokens .
After the kicker , our next milestone , ST Power , is 180M ST , and if hit all purchasers will earn another 5 % bonus .
The absolute Hard Cap is 240M . ( I 've been using this analogy in Telegram regarding our community bonuses : You can think of it as if we are running an ice cream shop . Our goal is to sell 100 ice cream cones . But we have 240 to sell . So we decided to give all of our customers discounts in form of extra ice cream as we sell more — so everyone shares in the upside , and to grow the community and get more people involved in the ST project . )
The token sale will end when the Hard Cap is reached or on December 1 , 2017 .
We also provided all purchasers with an automatic 15 % discretionary bonus in light of recent rises in ETH prices . This applies to all existing purchasers and future purchasers .
All bonus tokens will be calculated and distributed within 45 days of the end of the sale .
Our very active Telegram channel has grown to 4394 members . ( you can find me and several of our team members there 18 hours per day . )
Thank you , thank you , thank you to the growing Simple Token community for you support and enthusiasm . We are humbled and inspired by your interest in our mission to help bring the benefits of blockchain to the mainstream .
FURTHER BACKGROUND
STANDARD PHISHING SCAM ALERT STUFF
We will NEVER send you a private or direct message to share information or click through a link .
The only way to buy Simple Token is while logged in at https : //sale.simpletoken.org support : email support @ simpletoken.org
LEGAL DISCLAIMERS
This Medium post is not a prospectus nor a solicitation for investment and it does not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction .
You must read the entirety of our Terms & Conditions document carefully before making any decision to purchase ST Tokens . You must also monitor the https : //simpletoken.org website and our Medium publications for any announcements from the Foundation as they may add to , or change , these Terms and Conditions at any time .
Purchasing , holding or using cryptographic tokens carries significant potential financial , regulatory and other risks , including potential loss of the entire value of Payment .
Tokens are only for sophisticated purchasers who are knowledgeable and experienced in the features and risks of digital platforms , digital assets , blockchain technology and smart contracts . Potential purchasers should determine for themselves the relevance of the information contained in this document and related materials , in each case as supplemented from time to time , and the necessity for additional enquiry , research and professional advice . Any decision to participate in a token sale should be based upon such independent investigation and advice as you deem necessary . This document should not be considered as a recommendation by any person to participate in any token sale or digital platform .
In particular , you should not purchase any Tokens unless you have read and understood the terms and all other relevant materials and fully understand the Token Sale , including at least the following :
2015-04-17 22:53 , edited 2015-09-25 17:40 by DarkEtheereal
What is the BFXP Discussion Group ?
How to Join
skype : ? chat & blob=H8YopDn4Ibg_mxb2B2cqeY1UTt9ZE2jGtWQLgKPa47WVEetFNclyFXt0xzOO5hW1YNVR9BaWwhmJnn-EpNrNgX0CCoNy_AOFD5crd6E6iO9LKhxx_dH6clVfB9Viencn1UsimI2YL86ZhpUA1ZPOVNbrVQHzzVDhrzTHO5lEPn9-36ZMMpl13Y7OiGiGeGS2lsV46YbzclCDuwQSDVnUYuYBvAMpa2AVUj3FKlsWX5ariL2Y2Rn1fSeyU9K-ftNEhMtgkUQVmZMvpW8KJi3hT2ELXQ
The Battlefield Experience Discussion Group is a Skype chatroom based group of players devoted to testing and giving feedback and perspectives on Battlefield 4 , for the betterment of the game.Developers are present in the chat , which means that the chat offers an alternative method of feedback to the CTE Reddit.Unlike the CTE reddit , members are held to account for the standard of their discussion . If you are uncivil , people will remember it , and it may get you removed from the group.The BFXP chat is mainly moderated by other players ( though developers also have mod powers ) . It is a player lead group , and players are free to think for themselves.BFXP is n't about about moaning and complaining , it 's about pointing out issues in the game and discussing how to fix them . It 's for constructive discussion.First , you need to understand that we 're looking for long-term participants , who are capable of civil behaviour and constructive feedback . We 're looking for mature players with fresh ideas to solve real problems in BF4.BFXP also involves developers , so you need to be ok with communicating with developers without shouting and hating on them , because that does n't facilitate a solution to anyone 's issues . It would also be good if you did n't try to be a suck-up either ! BFXP is centered around a Skype chatroom , so to join , you need skype.Then you can either paste the following into your address bar : ( may not work with Chrome browsers ) Or you can send an invite to the following Skype account : “ dark_ethereal ” , And you need to include in the invite that you 're here for the “ BFXP group ” , you need to include your Battlelog name , and if you can say why you want to join , that 'd be great too.Then if you can post in the thread that you 've joined ( or applied ) , this will help us to know who is who , and help us add people if I ca n't do it.I look forward to seeing you there !
View Caption Hide Caption Josh Richardson # 0 goes for the lay up with Justise Winslow # 20 of the Miami Heat during a preseason game Oct. 13 , 2015 at Amway Center . ( Getty Images )
Everyone expects Justise Winslow to be a mainstay in Miami for years , and Josh Richardson looks equally promising at this point . The future of the Heat appears to be forming between those two during this preseason .
They got their most extended run in Tuesday 's 95-92 loss at Orlando and looked strong on both sides of the ball . Richardson led Miami with 18 points in 38 minutes , and Winslow gave the Heat 12 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and two blocked shots in 35 minutes .
Even more encouraging for the team was how well they meshed together .
“ I think we 've got good chemistry , ” Richardson said . “ I know they like to get the ball down on the block and get post-ups , and they know I like kick-out 3s . We both like to run the court a lot , so we can play off each other there . I think over the years we can do some great things . ”
[ Heat rookies Justise Winslow , Josh Richardson look ready to make contributions ] [ Amar ' e Stoudemire , Josh McRoberts out with knee pain ] [ Gerald Green working fiercely to change their reputation ]
They arrived with the Heat under vastly different circumstances . Winslow , whose dad was an NBA player , went to Duke as a highly touted recruit and asserted themselves as one of the best college players in the country while helping the Blue Devils win a national title . They improbably slipped to Miami at No . 10 after many projections had them going in the top six picks .
Richardson , a four-year player from Tennessee , appears to have been an afterthought to most teams . The Heat were stunned to get them at 40th overall given that they sized them up as the 24th-best player in the draft .
“ He 's a very competitive two-way player and you just do n't see those types of guys that often that really want to take on the challenge defensively , ” coach Erik Spoelstra said . “ He 'll guard multiple positions and stick their nose in their for loose balls . And offensively , he 's got nice poise . ”
Winslow and Richardson have been working out together since shortly after draft day . They went through a weeklong training camp with assistant coach Dan Craig in July and played together throughout summer league in Orlando and Las Vegas , not to mention informal workouts at the arena after that .
“ He 's great , ” Winslow said of Richardson . “ He 's an athletic , versatile scorer and he 's a hassle when he 's on defense . Really gets after it . Me and them have been great , getting here after we got drafted and working out in the preseason trying to get better . It 's been great to have them by my side . ”
At this point , Winslow seems to have their role secured as a small forward on Miami 's second unit . They also will see time at shooting guard and possibly power forward .
Richardson , meanwhile , sees veterans clearly ahead of them as the Heat solidify their main playing rotation . They are undeterred by where they stand on the depth chart .
“ I 'm a different kind of person , ” they said . “ I 'm real laidback about everything . It 's gon na go how it 's gon na go . But I realize every day is an audition in the NBA . At any time you can be shipped off , so you 've got ta take every day as serious as possible . ”
Fox has handed a second big commitment to a multi-camera comedy from It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia masterminds Charlie Day , Rob McElhenney and Glenn Howerton . Following the pilot order to Cool Kids , the network has given a pilot production commitment to a blue-collar family comedy executive produced by the trio and written by McElhenney and former It 's Always Sunny executive producer Rob Rosell .
Fox
Cool Kids got the pilot green light off a finished script . The untitled McElhenney/Risell project , from 20th Century Fox TV , was bought as a pitch , thus the pilot production commitment , but I hear it is fully expected to go to pilot once the script is written . Both buys are part of a big multi-camera push at Fox this season .
The McElhenney/Rosell project is described as a show about an unconventional family in working-class America . McElhenney , Rosell , Day and Howerton executive produce alongside 3 Arts ' Nick Frenkel .
Rosell , who is under an overall deal at 20th TV , currently writes on the studio 's Fox comedy series The Mick . They are repped by UTA . McElhenney is with WME .
`` Congress to Debate U.S. Aid to Israel , '' reads the front page of the latest edition of The New York Times — or , rather , the latest fake edition of the Times .
Activists from progressive Jewish human rights groups created a very convincing-looking fake edition of The New York Times to protest the leading newspaper 's coverage of Israel .
Advertisement :
The parody publication is written from a left-wing , anti-racist , anti-Islamophobic perspective that criticizes Israel 's violations of international law and Palestinian human rights , along with what the groups say is the Times ' failure to adequately address these crimes .
Early Tuesday morning , the activists , under the name The New York Times , sent an email out to reporters across the country titled `` NYT Announces New Editorial Policy : Rethinking Our Coverage of Israel-Palestine . '' The email included a link to an entire website modeled on the Times ' own site , www.NewYorkTimes-IP.com , which the activists created .
Less than 24 hours after the site was made public , on Tuesday evening , it was taken down . It is archived here .
On the `` NYT-IP '' Twitter account the groups made , activists shared photos of them handing out more than 10,000 copies of a print edition of the paper for free in downtown New York City on Tuesday morning . This Twitter account was also suspended later that evening , but is archived here .
No group immediately took credit for the action on Tuesday , while reports filled the media .
Advertisement :
Jewish Voice for Peace — New York and Jews Say No ! informed Salon that they had organized the protest . The former is the local chapter of Jewish Voice for Peace , or JVP , an American human rights and social justice organization that challenges the Israeli government 's continued violence against and oppression of the indigenous Palestinian people . Jews Say No ! is a New York City-based peace group that , like JVP , protests Israel 's illegal 48-year occupation of the Palestinian territories and periodic heavy bombing of Gaza .
In December , during Hanukkah , both groups organized another campaign — a series of protests across the country condemning Islamophobia , racism , anti-refugee xenophobia and police brutality .
Throughout the past few months , JVP and Jews Say No ! meticulously designed the fake four-page New York Times newspaper and website . They assembled more than 20 people and created an editorial team dedicated to creating top-quality , wittily written , fact-checked coverage .
The fake `` special edition '' issue carries the slogan `` All the news we did n't print , '' and blasts the Times for what the activists see as its biased , pro-Israel coverage .
Advertisement :
A piece attributed to a fake Times editorial board admits that its `` sense of fairness has been absent in our paper 's coverage of ongoing conditions in Israel and Palestine . '' It notes that the real Times regularly portrays Palestinians , but not Israelis , as instigators of violence , and uses much harsher language to describe Palestinian acts of violence .
`` In addition , we are aware that a disproportionate number of our news stories in the past year and a half have focused on Israeli government statements and positions or the views of Israeli Jewish citizens ; only a small fraction have featured Palestinian speakers , whether officials and advocates or residents who experience the effects of Israeli policies in everyday life , '' the fictitious editorial states .
Advertisement :
The supplement mixes pointed satire with facts . Some of the quotes in it are fake — such as those from `` Hilarity Clifton , '' a spoof on Hillary Clinton . Other quotes are authentic , however , such as those from right-wing Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who insists `` at this time we need to control all of the territory for the foreseeable future , '' and `` we will forever live by the sword . ''
The front page features a large graphic that illustrates how the U.S. gives significantly more military aid to Israel than it does to any other country , at the sum of $ 3.1 billion per year .
Advertisement :
A satirical article depicts New York Sen. Chuck Schumer calling for an end to U.S. military aid to Israel over the allied country 's human rights violations and war crimes in Gaza .
The Corrections section details criticisms of the real Times ' reporting . `` It has come to our attention that the vast majority of articles about violence in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories have failed to include the names of Palestinians killed by Israeli forces , '' the section reads .
It then includes a list of the names , ages and locations of the more than 165 Palestinians who have been killed by Israeli occupation forces or settlers since October 2015 .
The section also criticizes the Times for running headlines that frequently obfuscate Palestinian victims of Israeli violence through the use of passive and ambiguous language . It suggests that a fictional but realistic-sounding Times article `` Deadly clashes near West Bank town of Deheishe '' should be renamed `` Israeli forces kill 2 Palestinians in Deheishe refugee camp in the Occupied West Bank . ''
Advertisement :
Donna Nevel , one of the editors of the paper and a member of Jews Say No ! , told Salon that they organized the protest because `` We felt that it was so important . ''
`` Our goal in creating this paper was to make visible the need for reporting that addresses , rather than hides , the realities of Israeli apartheid and that is responsible and accurate in its coverage of conditions in Palestine and Israel , '' Nevel explained .
They stressed that , in the past number of years in particular — in the wake of Israel 's summer 2014 war on Gaza , in which the close U.S. ally killed more than 2,250 Palestinians , including at least 550 children , according to the U.N. ; and carried out war crimes , human rights organizations like Amnesty International say — `` it 's increasingly apparent '' that U.S. news outlets like the Times are not adequately informing the public just how brutal the Israeli occupation is .
Advertisement :
`` The Palestinian story is not told , '' Sarah Sills , a member of JVP-NY and the designer of the print edition , said to Salon . `` The media is incredibly biased in favor of Israel and I wanted to participate in creating a paper that would help rectify this egregious imbalance . ''
Salon reached out to The New York Times for comment . Eileen Murphy , senior vice president of communications at the New York Times Company , said they `` object to this group ( or any group 's ) attempt to cloak their political views under the banner of The New York Times . ''
`` We believe strongly that those advocating for political positions are best served by speaking openly , in their own voice , '' Murphy added .
In response to allegations of bias in favor of Israel , Murphy also referred Salon to a November 2014 statement on the topic by the Times ' public editor , Margaret Sullivan .
Advertisement :
The parody publication , in full , is embedded below .
New York Times Israel-Palestine parody issue by Anonymous ZMgnFH75s
Pro-Palestinian activists , journalists and progressive media watchdogs have long accused the New York Times of biased , pro-Israel coverage . The newspaper of record frequently fails to mention that the Palestinians territories have been illegally occupied by Israel since 1967 . The Times also often uses euphemistic language to describe Israel 's violations of international law , calling lands illegally seized by Israel `` disputed . ''
Advertisement :
A Palestinian man told Salon in January that the Times had even edited and censored what they said in an interview in order to shine positively on Israel .
Critics point to one symbol in particular that they say encapsulates the Times ' pro-Israel bias . The newspaper reportedly owns an apartment in Jerusalem that is built on the ruins of a home that used to belong to Hasan Karmi , a Palestinian journalist who worked for the BBC .
Karmi and their family were forced to flee during the Nakba , the 1948 ethnic cleansing in which Zionist militias violently expelled approximately 800,000 Palestinians , almost three-quarters of the indigenous population .
New York Times Jerusalem bureau chiefs have lived in this apartment . Ghada Karmi , the famous Palestinian journalist 's daughter , told journalist Philip Weiss , a co-editor of progressive Jewish publication Mondoweiss , that former Times Jerusalem Bureau Chief Steven Erlanger once invited them to visit the apartment , which they confirmed had been built over their family 's home .
Advertisement :
On the other side , conservative , pro-Israel groups commonly accuse the Times of the opposite , claiming its coverage is not pro-Israel enough , or even anti-Israel .
Right-wing organization CAMERA even goes so far as to pay for a critical billboard across the street from the Times ' office .
The New York Times parody , which echoes the progressive , human rights advocacy perspective , addresses many of the left-wing criticisms of the newspaper .
In one of its satirical articles , `` Leading Candidate Quits Democratic Race , '' the die-hard pro-Israel Hilarity Clifton drops out of the presidential race , retires from politics and instead leads a human rights group for women in Palestine 's occupied West Bank .
Another article , `` I.D.F . Generals Blame Israeli Government for Recent Violence , '' includes both real and fictitious quotes from Israeli government officials .
It quotes Palestinian human rights activist Omar Barghouti — a founder of the peaceful international Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions , or BDS , movement — stating , `` Those who truly wish to see an end to all violence should strive to eradicate its root causes , '' which they say are the robbing and colonization of Palestinian land and violent discrimination against indigenous Arabs .
The fake newspaper also harshly criticizes media silence on Islamophobia . `` You do n't mention the rise in anti-immigrant racism , '' the author of an op-ed writes , blasting outlets for devoting exponentially more attention to tragedies in which Westerners die , like the Paris attacks , than to similar tragedies like the ISIS bombings in Beirut .
Another piece depicts New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio traveling to Israel and condemning Islamophobia .
The paper jokes that it will be hiring Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Glenn Greenwald as senior national security reporter .
Even fake ads are included in the supplement , such as one for a satirical perfume called Skunk , labeled `` Eau de IDF , '' which spoofs the Israel Defense Forces ' use of toxic skunk water against Palestinians in the occupied West Bank . Skunk water has been described as `` worse than raw sewage . '' Israeli occupation forces sometimes spray it into Palestinians ' homes , breaking windows and ruining the furniture inside . People who are sprayed have the noxious smell stuck in their hair and clothes for months .
Perhaps the most scathing , and comical , article is titled `` Where Protests Failed , Banksy Art Frenzy Takes Down a Wall . '' The premise is that the U.S. ignored Palestinians when they protested for years against Israel 's construction of a separation wall within the 1967 borders of the West Bank , which the International Court of Justice has explicitly said is illegal . But when prominent political artist Banksy began painting all over it , a bidding war for pieces of the wall ensued , and it was slowly taken apart and sold to art collectors for exorbitant sums .
Ultimately , the activist groups told Salon they hope their protest can invigorate a debate about pro-Israel bias in U.S. media coverage . Their goal is made clear in the statement they wrote from the fake editorial board , which calls for the Times `` to redress this and other imbalances . ''
Hino Motors Manufacturing U.S.A. will expand its truck manufacturing and assembly operations in West Virginia , relocating operations to the former Coldwater Creek facility in Mineral Wells .
Currently the plant in Williamstown employs 295 workers .
The expansion will create an estimated 250 jobs by early 2020 . The overall investment is approximately $ 100 million .
“ When a prominent international company such as Hino chooses to expand its operations here in West Virginia , with a $ 100 million investment , it really speaks volumes for our state , our workforce and our future , ” Gov . Jim Justice said in a news release .
“ Hino has been a valued member of our business community since 2007 , ” Commerce Secretary Woody Thrasher said in a news release . “ When the company was ready to consolidate operations in an expanded facility , West Virginia was ready to help find and secure the right site . Hino 's expansion will return an existing structure to active production and create more good manufacturing jobs right here in West Virginia . ”
According to the West Virginia Department of Commerce `` Hino Motors produces Class 6 and 7 conventional body style trucks in the 245,000-square-foot former Walker Systems building in Williamstown . The company expects the plant to be operational by 2019 in its new location , the 962,000-square-foot former Coldwater Creek facility in Mineral Wells . The new facility will house several operations , including cab assembly currently handled in Japan . ''
The facility in Williamstown was the first assembly plant for Hino in the United States . Production started there in November 2007 .
Jordan is a healthier weight now , but Goode says it is still a struggle . The family managed to move out of the state-subsidized motel where they were living , but their housing situation is precarious . The owner of the Lowell apartment where they are renting is about to be foreclosed on , Goode said .
The 27-year-old single Lowell mother , a former telemarketer who is now unemployed , relies on food pantries and other public assistance to feed their three young sons .
“ We were living in a hotel in Chelmsford at the time , and it was hard to cook meals because all we had to cook in was a microwave and that was n't helping their weight at all , '' said their mother , Janell Goode . “ He was eating cereal , noodles , and eggs in the microwave and hot dogs and fruit snacks . ''
Among the children treated at the clinic last year was Jordan Turner-Goode , who at age 1 weighed just 19 pounds , while the average child that age is more than 24 pounds .
BMC has also seen a 58 percent increase , from 24 in 2005 to 38 in 2010 , in the number of severely underweight babies under the age of 1 who were referred by family physicians to its Growth Clinic , where doctors provide intensive nutritional , medical , and other services to boost babies ' growth . Such malnourishment is similar to what is more typically seen in developing countries , Sandel said .
Pediatricians at hospitals in four other cities - Baltimore ; Little Rock , Ark . ; Minneapolis ; and Philadelphia - also reported increases in the ranks of malnourished , hungry youngsters in their emergency rooms since 2008 . But Boston 's increases were more dramatic , said Sandel , a lead investigator with Children 's HealthWatch , a network of researchers who track children 's health . Researchers said higher housing and heating costs in Massachusetts probably exacerbated the state 's surge .
The emergency room survey found a similarly striking increase in the percentage of families with children who reported they did not have enough food each month , from 18 percent in 2007 to 28 percent in 2010 .
“ Food is costing more , and dollars do n't stretch as far , '' Sandel said . “ It 's hard to maintain a diet that is healthy . ''
Before the economy soured in 2007 , 12 percent of youngsters age 3 and under whose families were randomly surveyed in the hospital 's emergency department were significantly underweight . In 2010 , that percentage jumped to 18 percent , and the tide does not appear to be abating , said Dr. Megan Sandel , an associate professor of pediatrics and public health at BMC .
Many families are unable to afford enough healthy food to feed their children , say the Boston Medical Center doctors . The resulting chronic hunger threatens to leave scores of infants and toddlers with lasting learning and developmental problems .
Doctors at a major Boston hospital report they are seeing more hungry and dangerously thin young children in the emergency room than at any time in more than a decade of surveying families .
Children 's HealthWatch monitors very young children , like Jordan , because their bodies tend to be more vulnerable to changes brought on by a recession . Chronic hunger during toddler years , when young brains are still growing , can negatively affect learning and psychological , social , and a raft of other skills , said Rafael Pérez-Escamilla , professor of epidemiology and public health at the Yale School of Public Health .
While the nation 's spotlight has been trained on the other end of the spectrum , the problem of childhood obesity , Pérez-Escamilla and other researchers report evidence that early hunger may be linked to later obesity .
Some studies have found that young children who grow up with not enough to eat can become overweight or obese adolescents and adults , though the link is not firmly established .
“ Babies born with low birth weight may become metabolically programmed during gestation to become very efficient at conserving calories , thus becoming obese later in life , '' Pérez-Escamilla said .
Health advocates say another sign that families are struggling to feed their children can be found in the steep rise in the number of Massachusetts residents , like the Goodes , relying on food stamps . The numbers nearly doubled , from 452,000 in 2007 to 815,000 in May , the latest available data .
Advocates estimate that there are tens of thousands more Massachusetts residents who are eligible but have been stymied by the complex enrollment process .
“ We believe a lot of them are families with kids , '' said Pat Baker , a senior policy analyst with the Massachusetts Law Reform Institute , a legal services nonprofit for low-income people .
Baker said that in recent years Massachusetts has not devoted enough money to the federally funded , state-administered food stamp program , called SNAP , to hire the staff needed to help residents enroll .
A decade ago , Massachusetts ranked nearly last nationally for signing up its eligible residents , but after a concerted push by the state and health advocates , it is eighth , said Julia Kehoe , commissioner of the Department of Transitional Assistance , which runs the food stamp program .
Kehoe attributed the rise in enrollment to the state 's outreach , coupled with the recession . Without that campaign , they said , the number of hungry , malnourished children in BMC 's emergency room would have been “ much worse . ''
The flood of people signing up for food stamps has eased since 2009 , Kehoe said , but several thousand residents are still signing up each month and there are probably thousands more who are eligible that staff has been unable to reach .
They said their department is working to streamline the enrollment process .
Kehoe said they are concerned because the state 's federal stimulus money ran out in June , funds that were used to help defray the cost of signing up new families for food stamps .
The state recently increased its spending to cover more than half the shortfall , but it probably will not be enough , they said .
“ We will have effectively fewer staff at the end of the year then we do now , '' Kehoe said . “ The state is doing what it can , but there are just so many other public safety and human service needs out there right now . ''
Kay Lazar can be reached at klazar @ globe.com .
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Wednesday , April 2 , 2008
`` Two planes struck two buildings….but how is it that a third building fell 5 hours later ? '' asked Ventura , `` How could this building just implode into its own footprint 5 hours later – that 's my first question – the 9/11 Commission did n't even devote one page to that in their big volume of investigation , '' added the former Governor .
Former Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura vehemently savaged the official 9/11 story on a syndicated national radio show today , saying the WTC collapsed like a controlled demolition and was pulverized to dust as they also highlighted the impossible 10 second free fall speed of the towers .
Appearing on The Alex Jones Show , Ventura said that their initial reaction to 9/11 was much like most people at the time , and they accepted the official story outright , a response they now regrets because they were in a position of power and could have used it to raise a lot of pointed questions .
`` I kicked myself when it initially happened that the light did n't go off but I was so shocked that this thing had even taken place that I apologize for not being more aware , '' said Ventura , adding that watching Loose Change at the insistence of their son was part of the catalyst for their wake-up call .
Host Alex Jones is a executive producer of Loose Change ( get it here ) , the most watched Internet movie of all time . Ventura said they ran through a rollercoaster of emotions when they saw the film .
`` When I finally did watch it I went through every emotion you could imagine , from laughing , crying , getting sick to my stomach , to the whole emotional thing , '' said the former Governor .
`` To me questions have n't been answered and are not being answered about 9/11 , '' said Ventura , before highlighting the collapse of Building 7 , a 47-story tall skyscraper that was not hit by a plane but collapsed in its own footprint in the late afternoon of September 11 .
`` Two planes struck two buildings….but how is it that a third building fell 5 hours later ? '' asked Ventura , `` How could this building just implode into its own footprint 5 hours later – that 's my first question – the 9/11 Commission did n't even devote one page to that in their big volume of investigation , '' added the former Governor .
Ventura then explored how it was possible that all three buildings could rapidly collapse at almost free fall speed .
`` How could those buildings fall at the speed of gravity – if you put a stopwatch on them both of those World Trade Center buildings were on the ground in ten seconds – how can that be ? '' asked Ventura .
`` If you took a billiard ball and dropped it from the height of the World Trade Center in a vacuum it would hit the ground in 9.3 seconds and if you took that same billiard ball and dropped it 10 stories at a time and merely stopped it and started it is would take 30 seconds – if you dropped it every floor of the World Trade Center to the ground , simply stopping and starting it on gravity it would take over 100 seconds to reach the ground , '' they surmised .
The former wrestling star then questioned how low-temperature burning jet fuel could melt steel .
`` Jet fuel is four fifths kerosene – which is not a hot burning fuel – and they wanted us to believe it melted these steel structured girders and caused these buildings to pancake collapse to the ground ? '' they stated .
`` I was on the site within two weeks after it happened and I saw none of these pancakes – would n't they all be piled up in a huge mass on the ground and yet everything was blown into dust – when you look at it from that aspect none of it makes any sense , '' said Ventura .
`` Never before in the annuls of history has a fire caused a steel structure building to fall to the ground like these two did , '' they concluded .
Having undergone Basic Underwater Demolition Seal training , Ventura is speaking from an experienced standpoint and they unequivocally stated that they thought the buildings were deliberately imploded .
`` Upon looking at the film in super-slow motion and the way the buildings fell and comparing that to the way that they do like a controlled demolition of a hotel in Las Vegas , they both fell identical . ''
`` I did watch the film of Building 7 going down and in my opinion there 's no doubt that that building was brought down with demolition , '' said the former Governor .
Ventura also questioned the lack of wreckage outside of the Pentagon after Flight 77 allegedly struck the building .
`` When I was watching Loose Change with a friend of mine – they happen to work for a company that helps build the Boeing airplanes and they said that when the engines completely disappeared and were destroyed , their response was , excuse my French – bullshit ! , '' said Ventura .
`` I turned to them and said why and they said because they 're made of titanium steel – they ca n't disintegrate . ''
Ventura said that the corporate media were going to continue to cover-up the truth about 9/11 , but that the number of credible people speaking out and increasing education and knowledge about the subject would eventually reap dividends .
`` We do n't want to lose our country , after all it 's still our country and until they put us down we have the power , '' Ventura concluded .
The Governor 's bold comments about 9/11 come on the heels of similar views expressed by American icon Willie Nelson during an interview on the same radio show in February .
Click here to listen to the full interview .
Jobs that will disappear in 20 years
If you have n't noticed the trend in recent years , a lot of jobs that were once robust parts of the economy are now being phased out because of new tech and because they 're becoming obsolete . In the next 10-20 years , jobs that we once looked at a constant route to employment will be gone and people will have to start looking for work elsewhere . People that once held these jobs are now getting older and it will get increasingly more difficult for them to find work in a new era that has passed them by . These are just some of the jobs that will be minimized or gone in the next few decades .
POSTAL SERVICE WORKERS
It 's no secret that in the past decade the postal service has tried its hardest to stay relevant in a world where the use of paper is dropping . The only thing I get in the mail is pizza ads , insurance applications , credit card applications , and bills . There are some days where I actually forget the date because I get no mail at all and think it 's Sunday . It 's not , it 's just there is no mail to send .
Layoffs are increasing and soon the number of postal workers will lead to increased work loads for each worker . In 2010 , the number of employed postal workers was at about 525,300 people . An estimate of how many postal workers will be around 385,500 people . That is a change of over 25 % in their workforce in a 10-year period .
If this trend keeps going , the entire postal service could be running in a limited capacity . You can see the USPS transitioning to bigger box deliveries to compete with FedEx , UPS and DHL . Though the postal service may not disappear completely , the majority of its workforce will likely be reduced majorly .
FARMERS AND AGRICULTURAL WORKERS
As things get more and more automated , the fewer people will be needed to run things manually . No more workers walking up and down the fields picking individual plants when you can have a massive autonomous machine doing it all faster and with minimal cost compared to paying hundreds of workers .
If you think farming jobs are disappearing , they are because technology is becoming more and more efficient that there does n't need to be as many people working on growing food . Only 2 % of the American population works in the farming industry . This about that : Only 2 % of the American population grows all the food that goes on our tables every day . The total population of the United States was 75,994,266 in 1900 , and the farming workforce population was 29,414,000 . That 's 38 % of the population ! Now it 's only 2 % . That 's over a 100 year period , but as the population ballooned to over 300 million people , only 2 % make all the food . Soon the workforce will be even less where 1 or 2 people can run an entire farm .
CASHIERS
If you go to a grocery store , look at the line of all the cashier stations , you 'll notice that barely 25 % of the mare being operated , and ones that are had barely any customers in it unless it 's the weekend . Most people are going through the self-checkout because it 's just faster to do all the motions yourself than to deal with an actual human being . I will wait in line for the self-checkout even if there is a 15 items or fewer line wide open .
Cashiers are becoming more unnecessary as time goes on . Technology is making the need for people to individually have their items scanned by a human . Soon you 'll be able to put all your items in the cart and just walk right out of the store as a huge scanner hits all the items and charges your account in the same way a scanner will tell if you walk out of the store without paying for something .
This will keep costs down for companies that wo n't have to pay for cashiers . You can go into a CVS or Walgreens and you will notice that there are barely any cashiers working there anymore . If it 's only a sort of busy , a line can back up to 10 customers . This will cause the cashier to call for help on another machine . It would be easier to just get what you want , get scanned and walk out the door . The only thing that may stop you is security measures that prevent you from leaving if your account does n't have the funds for what you buy . The cashier will soon become a thing of the past .
NEWSPAPER DELIVERY
This one is associated with the postal service in that no one is getting their news from paper anymore . To see someone reading a newspaper in their homes is becoming a thing of the past . So many newspapers that were once giants are now either going out of business or stopping print and switching to online news with ads . This means that you wo n't see that grade schooler tossing papers from their basket bike no more . Hipsters playing Paperboy on NES a few decades from now wo n't even know what a paperboy was . This is a job that will disappear entirely in the new few years .
TRAVEL AGENTS
Everyone uses online services to book their own flights and hotels now . The thought of the travel agent handling a vacation anymore is all but disappeared . My parents took a cruise which required them to also get a flight to Florida to get on the cruise . They did it all themselves online . We 're talking about people who still ask me how to send e-mail or how to copy and paste words from one place to another .
Travel agents are people who you required before the Internet was around to book a trip for you . It was the only one-stop place you could go to get all the things required to take a vacation . Now you can go online and do it in just a few minutes .
LIBRARIANS
Another career lost to the ever decreasing use of paper and utilization of the Internet . Big libraries used to be all over big and small cities . They were the cornerstone for people to go learn and increase their knowledge of any subject they choose . In the library was multiple librarians to help you find the book you need within the rows upon rows of books , or to just tell you to “ Shhh , people are trying to study . ”
Now , a person can put more than the amount of books in the average library on a tablet . Libraries are shutting down more and more , and the need for librarians to help out readers has been replaced with a search function on a computer . The only time I ever went to a library in recent years was to print out something one of my college computers , or to sit and study in a closed off room next to the library . It 's sad to admit that both the library and the librarian are becoming obsolete , especially since my local coffee shop is n't very quiet and there is almost always a homeless man sitting in there yelling .
TELEMARKETING
Caller ID , outsourcing , bots , and a generally unnecessary need for this career is why it 's quickly disappearing . Since the landline is disappearing and being replaced by smartphones , telemarketers are finding it harder to reach a customer that is willing to get a hold of someone , and if they do , they 're shut down a sentence into the rehearsed selling speech .
Do n't expect to find a career in this field in the next few years . They will almost entirely be replaced with bots and recorded audio that no one will listen to anyway .
POWER INDUSTRY JOBS RELATED TO OIL AND COAL
Oil is a fossil fuel . By definition , you 're burning the past when you use a fossil fuel . Oil should 've been left in the past years ago , and now our planet has to absorb all the crap being spewed into the air . Thankfully , oil and coal are slowly being phased out for renewable resources like wind , air , solar , and tidal power . With more and more countries trying to phase out the use of old fuel technology , so will more and more and more jobs in the industry .
What is one thing you see on almost every corner of an intersection ? Gas stations . Unless those gas stations can convert to charging stations , the point of them being open turns pointless .
TRANSPORTATION AND FREIGHT JOBS
Because of the self-driving vehicle is coming to a dealership near you , jobs that involve transporting people are soon to be gone as well . Just what type of transportation jobs ?
Taxi and limo drivers
Bus drivers
Truck drivers
Mail delivery drivers ( as mentioned above )
FedEx and UPS delivery jobs ( as mentioned above )
These jobs will disappear as they will all be replaced by autonomous vehicles .
MEDICAL INDUSTRY JOBS
With improved safety of cars being able to drive by themselves , this will cut out a lot of need for more doctors and nurses . Fewer accidents mean fewer hurt people to treat . The less and fewer patients that hospitals will be treating means the lessened need for people to treat them . This will lead to fewer people majoring in college . This brings me to…
COLLEGE TEACHING JOBS
The more the Internet becomes a replacement for education , the less we will need colleges to attend for education . Many colleges are offering online classes instead of in-person classes . I took many in my last year in college because having the option to drive to class after work was much better when I could just go home .
Even elementary schools are offering online classes for kids . Kids will not have to go into class early in the morning , which I 'm sure their parents wo n't mind having to wake up early , but someone will have to stay home with them . The elementary school teaching job does n't seem to be in too much trouble , but the college jobs should be on their toes .
Colleges are charging insane prices of tuition and textbooks when anyone can learn what they 're teaching from YouTube tutorials or from studying at home . Reissuing the same books with slightly worded questions at the end of chapters is all but recognized as a scam . People are getting jobs without degrees now because companies recognize individual talent instead of proof they went to college . I have a Bachelor 's in Marketing and have done basically nothing with my degree except accumulate debt and learn things over a 4 year period that I already learned in high school .
There are so many industry jobs that cover so many sectors of the workforce that it would take 10,000 more words to cover them all , but I found these to be the major ones . The scary thing about it all is that economists are estimating that 47 % of ALL jobs in the U.S.A. will be gone in the next 20 years due to tech , so it 's time to look to the future of what you want to do instead of looking to the present .
FOLLOW JEFF SORENSEN ON TWITTER
Jeff Sorensen is an author , writer and occasional comedian living in Detroit , Michigan . You can look for more of their work on The Huffington Post , UPROXX , BGR and by just looking up theirs name .
Contact : jeff @ socialunderground.com
Can you believe it 's already time for Week 4 ? We start with the same table standings we ended week 1 with but there are some big match ups this week , including another Fnatic-Roccat game , and there 's still all to play for as the teams search for that top spot .
Thursday 6th February 6pm GMT
( 7 – 1 ) Fnatic vs Alliance ( 2 – 6 )
Kicking off the week we have a game between steady top seed Fnatic and the regretfully last-place Alliance . Fnatic had an exhausting week , playing games against tough opponents ROCCAT , Copenhagen Wolves , and Gambit Gaming . All three games proved to be incredibly entertaining , even the loss against Gambit . Fnatic 's style of play ( highlighted here by Joshua ‘ Jatt ' Leesman ) is calculated but aggressive , as the team takes only takes risks outweighed by the potential rewards and capitalizes on enemy teams that do n't have the co-ordination necessary to react to their odd brand of aggression . If you watch Fnatic closely as Jatt has , they excel at turning fights from a 1v1 or 2v1 into a 3v1 or 4v2 in Fnatic 's favour and then pushing this advantage into objectives whether they 've got the kill or not . This tendency is the origin of Fnatic 's reputation for good rotations .
Conversely , Alliance looked lost last week . I expected them to put up a much better showing against SK Gaming ( one of the weaker teams at that point ) but it 's not just a single problem that the team are having . Teams are learning to focus Froggen and make their life a misery , both in the laning phase and in the teamfights that follow but Alliance are making it hard for themselves . In the match against SK , Froggen ostensibly won their lane , but failed to roam and work with their team in the transition to midgame , and it cost their teammates . Shook missed many crucial Sonic Waves during the match with SK , leading many of their ganks nowhere and in fact opening up opportunities for Svenskeren to countergank or make definitive plays elsewhere on the map ( often at dragon ) .
Alliance 's pick and ban phase against Gambit was poorly exeuted . They allowed Gambit to first pick Kha'Zix , and Alex put them to the sword by picking up first blood on Froggen and then roaming their way to a 6/2/0 game , getting two kills on a stranded top lane Wickd . They need to focus this week on helping Tabzz and Wickd snowball ( or at least , not lose ) their lanes and take some pressure away from Froggen , in addition to Shook expanding their champion pool so he 's not banned out so easily . However , we all know this wo n't be an easy game against Fnatic , who have something to prove after a loss to Gambit .
Lane to watch : Mid ; xPeke vs Froggen – With Froggen being focused by many junglers in previous match ups , expect to see plenty of action in the mid lane .
( 2 – 5 ) Millenium vs ROCCAT ( 5 – 3 )
Millenium were away at IEM São Paulo last week and were able to win the tournament with a victory over PaiN Gaming in the final . South American teams are n't quite yet at the level of the European LCS , but Pain did manage to knock out oceloteWorld , Ocelote 's team , on their way to the final . Millenium will be looking to bring their momentum from the tournament win into a strong start to the week , as they play three times this week instead of the usual two , and meet the hungry players on ROCCAT .
ROCCAT played two games last week , against Fnatic and SK Gaming , but they were unable to pick up a victory in either match . They made some incredible plays against Fnatic and their reaction to YellowstaR 's Flash initiation onto Jankos under their own turret is something that defines them as one of the better teams in this split 's LCS . After bursting down sOAZ 's Mundo , which was no mean feat , they continued a push out of the base against a Baron-buffed Fnatic and picked up 4 kills . Although they lost Celavar to xPeke , a move that potentially cost ROCCAT an inhibitor , just having the decision making to venture out in a chase allowed them to continue battling for a potential victory . Their nail-biting game against top seed Fnatic , in which neither team made a mistake for a very long time , brands ROCCAT as a top-tier team this split– not that their placement on the scoreboard disagrees .
Lane to watch : Jungle ; Araneae vs Jankos
( 3 – 5 ) CWolves vs Gambit Gaming ( 6 – 2 )
The Wolves did n't have much luck last week ; they only had themselves to blame after a loss to Supa Hot Crew . They failed to properly respect SHC 's bot lane , allowing Migxa and MrRalleZ to put in a brilliant display and carry SHC to the win . It 's disappointing that Youngbuck did n't make more of the Trundle vs Mundo match up in the top lane , but they did manage to set up a single 4-man Wombo Combo that opened an alleyway back into the game for them . At that point , it was too little , too late , and a desperation 3-man Baron attempt lost them the game .
Gambit 's performance in Week 3 was almost perfect for them . They picked up two decisive victories : their stomp against Alliance and the uproarious victory over the previously undefeated Fnatic . In that game , Gambit ( despite giving up first blood and another kill besides at the start of the game ) were able to outplay Fnatic , taking advantage of the weak frontline in Fnatic 's composition .
ROCCAT 's loss to SK Gaming has placed the Russians in second place . Gambit will be looking to get Alex snowballing once again as they have a huge impact on the game once they get ahead and can capitalize by picking on cowTard , who has died more than any other mid laner in the entire LCS . As long as Gambit does n't botch their picks/bans , they should have this match in hand .
Lane to watch : Mid ; cowTard vs Alex Ich – I know I 've picked on cowTard a bit in the past but they need to beat Alex in lane if the Wolves are to have a chance of defeating Gambit .
( 3 – 5 ) Supa Hot Crew vs Millenium ( 2 – 5 )
Mimer fell under heavy criticism previously for a lackluster performance , but they have since stepped up their play and with an impressive KDA of 19 has shown exactly why they deserve a place in the EU LCS . Supa Hot Crew put on a great performance in Week 3 , picking up two victories in must win games against SK Gaming and Copenhagen Wolves , showing that they might not be the pushovers they were previously considered . I 'd still like to see improvement from Moopz , whose Gragas play has n't been all that impressive despite stealing a dragon . He 's a little too haphazard with their ultimate at times and has the fewest kills of any mid laner in the EU LCS– but they are drawing bans against him .
Millenium 's second game of Day 1 pits them in a game with Supa Hot Crew who will be riding high after a 2-0 last week . Millenium need to be wary of Supa Hot Crew 's bot lane after MrRalleZ and Migxa took Copenhagen Wolves to the cleaners last week . Personally , I 'm looking for Kev1n to get rolling in the top lane and then becoming a tanky beast to get into MrRalleZ 's face in the early teamfights .
Lane to watch : Top ; Mimer vs kev1n
Friday 7th February 6pm GMT
( 4 – 5 ) SK Gaming vs CWolves ( 3 – 5 )
With two wins in three games last week , SK gaming have boosted themselves up to 4th in the standings . With just two wins separating them from 8th place Alliance , though , they 'll need a victory here if they want to catch up to ROCCAT . CandyPanda 's Vayne was truly a pleasure to watch last week , especially their perfectly timed flash to save themselves from certain death after Overpow 's Gragas appeared from the jungle , but just how much longer can they be relied on to carry the team ?
I 'm not sure exactly what SK were doing against Supa Hot Crew last week as they continually underestimated Pantheon 's ultimate in the mid game . I personally want to see more from Jesiz and freddy122 . They both have the capability to carry games , especially from Freddy who currently has the most kills of any top laner in the EU LCS .
Lane to watch : Bot ; CandyPanda & nRated vs Forg1ven & Unlimited
( 3 – 5 ) Supa Hot Crew vs Gambit ( 6 – 2 )
Supa Hot Crew face off against Gambit for the second time this split , having lost hard in week one . They managed to wrest First Blood , the first dragon and the first tower from Gambit Gaming but ultimately went on to lose the game despite Moopz picking up 393 CS . I think they are missing something when it comes to Kassadin bans , and it might be because Moopz ca n't play the champion . They 've first banned Kassadin in 6 out of the 8 games they 've played , and in the one game they are n't banned ( against SK in Week 1 ) they utterly stomped SHC . I 'm not sure if It 's wise to force Moopz to pick up Kassadin , especially as he 's been banned in 59 of the 64 LCS games so far this split , but having to ban Kassadin every game is costing SHC tactically .
This is certainly an easier week for Gambit this time around . However , as has been said repeatedly , there are no easy games at this level and with SHC 's and Gambit both focusing heavily on Dragon , this match up will be defined by objective control . Bot lane is my featured match up for this game , as I think MrRalleZ and Migxa have the ability to bully Genja and Edward , and it will be interesting to see whether Diamond focuses bot lane in order to nullify the threat and then try to convert this dominance into pressure on dragon . Bans against Gambit last week were split between Fnatic focusing Alex and Alliance taking away Mundo and Lee Sin , on top of the obligatory Kassadin ban .
Lane to watch : Bot ; MrRalleZ & Migxa vs Genja & Edward
( 7 – 1 ) Fnatic vs ROCCAT ( 5 – 3 )
Is it my birthday , or has Christmas come early this year ? Fnatic against ROCCAT was probably game of the week last week and i 'm looking forward to a similar spectacle with back and forth teamfights . Overpow 's Pantheon had a weak laning phase against xPeke 's Orianna in the last outing but more than made up for it later in the game . With both teams gunning for first place in the split , and Gambit also in the mix , neither will want a loss especially ROCCAT who could see themselves fall to mid table .
ROCCAT had a bit of a wobble last week with a loss against SK when they dropped their objective heavy playstyle . They picked up 7 of 9 dragons in Week 2 but did n't get a single dragon against SK Gaming , and were then beaten into a pulp by CandyPanda 's Vayne . They might want to consider a ban for Annie , as they 've lost to Annie every time they 've faced them
Lane to watch : Mid ; xPeke vs Overpow – Has Overpow got any other picks up their sleeve besides their beloved Kayle , or is it worth revisiting Mordekaiser ?
( 2 – 6 ) Alliance vs Millenium ( 2 – 5 )
The final game of the day is a bottom of the table scrap between Alliance and Millenium , both teams desperately needing wins . They have met each other in the LCS once before with Alliance coming out on top .
Alliance has a lot to prove to criticism coming in on every member of the team , however ; I feel Nyph needs to play Leona to attempt to get some confidence back for the team . They showed great synergy with Wickd and Shook when it came to teamfights and the aggressive front line allowed Froggen and Tabzz some freedom at the back and the team was able to shine as a group . Against a Millenium team coming back to Germany with the confidence of a tournament win in their back pocket , Alliance wo n't be counting their gold until the nexus is down .
Millenium 's final game of the week will bring them level on games with the rest of the league and will allow us to see a true picture of the league standings . I was surprised that Millenium lost the previous match against Alliance as I personally believed they played better throughout most of the game but they made a couple of mistakes that lead to Alliance getting back into the game . I was n't convinced by kev1n 's Shen , despite going 1/0/3 , because they lacked the staying power and damage of Mundo or Shyvana that would 've allowed them to cause problems for Alliance 's back line .
Lane to Watch : Mid ; Froggen vs Kerp – If Millenium ca n't shut down Froggen , or at least stop them farming , then they can cause problems later in the game .
How do you think the standings are going to look at the end of Week 4 ? Will Fnatic still hold the top spot or can they be toppled ? Are Alliance only able to perform on even numbered weeks ? Leave your comments and predictions below in the comments section and do n't forget to tune in at lolesports.com .
This article was edited and written in part by ShiraShira .
Masked gunmen ambushed a bus carrying Coptic Christians to a monastery south of Cairo on Friday , killing at least 28 people , and Egypt responded by launching airstrikes against what it said were militant training bases in Libya .
President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi announced the retaliatory action hours after the bus was riddled with machine-gun fire on a remote desert road by suspected Islamic State militants riding in three SUVs .
`` What you 've seen today will not go unpunished . An extremely painful strike has been dealt to the bases . Egypt will never hesitate to strike terror bases anywhere , '' el-Sissi said in a televised address to the nation .
They also appealed to U.S. President Donald Trump to lead the global war against terror .
The ambush of the bus was the fourth deadly attack against the country 's Christians since December . The dead included two little girls , ages 2 and 4 , local officials said . Twenty-two others were reported wounded .
Trump , in Italy on their first trip abroad as president , blamed the bloodshed on a `` thuggish ideology '' and said it should bring nations together to crush `` evil organizations of terror . ''
Senior Egyptian officials said fighter jets targeted bases in eastern Libya of the Shura Council , an Islamist militia known to be linked to al-Qaida , not the Islamic State . There was no immediate word on damage or casualties .
The bus attack deepens the woes of the majority-Muslim nation , where El-Sissi 's government is struggling not only to crush a burgeoning Islamic insurgency but to revive the battered economy .
The country 's Christians have complained that the government is not doing enough to protect them from Islamic extremists , and hundreds of them reacted to the bus attack by staging angry street protests in two provincial cities , destroying at least six cars and briefly cutting off railway lines .
`` Either we get retribution or die like them , '' some chanted .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the ambush , which came on the eve of the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan .
But it bore the hallmarks of the Islamic State , which has been spearheading an insurgency that has carried out deadly attacks in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula and , increasingly , on the country 's mainland .
The Interior Ministry said the assailants opened fire as the bus traveled to the St. Samuel the Confessor monastery in Maghagha , about 220 kilometers ( 140 miles ) south of Cairo . The Coptic Orthodox monastery is reachable only by an unpaved route that veers off the main highway .
Security and medical officials quoted witnesses as saying they saw eight to 10 attackers in military uniforms . They said one of the assailants ' SUVs got stuck in the sand , so they torched it and hijacked a truck traveling the same road , killing its occupants .
Arab TV stations showed images of a bus riddled with bullet holes , with many of its windows shattered and bloodstains on the seats . Bodies lay on the ground , some covered with black plastic sheets . Children could be heard screaming hysterically in the background .
The officials , speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to reporters , said the death toll stood at 28 and could rise .
The government is likely to further tighten security around churches , monasteries , schools and pilgrimages to remote Christian sites , which may be suspended , the officials said .
El-Sissi 's government is in the midst of an ambitious and politically sensitive reform program to resuscitate the economy . The program has sent the cost of food and services soaring , feeding popular discontent . A new wave of increases for fuel and electricity is widely expected this summer .
Last month , el-Sissi declared a three-month state of emergency following twin suicide bombings that struck two churches north of Cairo on Palm Sunday . In December , a suicide bomber targeted a Cairo church . The three attacks , for which the Islamic State claimed responsibility , left at least 75 people dead .
After a visit to Egypt last month by Pope Francis , the Islamic State vowed to escalate attacks against Christians and urged Muslims to steer clear of Christian gatherings and Western embassies .
On Wednesday , Egypt blocked access to nearly two dozen websites it said were sympathetic to militants or spreading their ideology .
Egypt 's Copts , the Middle East 's largest Christian community , account for about 10 percent of the country 's 93 million people .
Christians rallied behind el-Sissi , the former head of Egypt 's military , in 2013 when they ousted their Islamist predecessor Mohammed Morsi , who hails from the Muslim Brotherhood . Attacks on Christian homes , businesses and churches subsequently surged .
___
Hendawi reported from Cairo . Associated Press writers Maggie Michael and Maamoun Youssef contributed to this report from Cairo .
Fifteen years ago , the premiere of Bryan Singer 's X-Men kicked off our current era of non-stop superhero films . They revamped the genre with a more serious , character-focused take on comic book adaptations that served as a much-needed change of direction after 1997 's uber campy Batman & Robin . While X-Men 's $ 296 million worldwide gross looks quaint now , it was an unexpected success at the time , lending the genre some legitimacy and paving the way for Sam Raimi 's Spider-Man and Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy . That 's not to mention the fact that X-Men 's success boosted the reputation of Marvel Studios—then just the film and TV licensing branch of Marvel Comics—which has since gone on to create a seemingly infinite universe of blockbuster films .
Back around the time of X-Men : Days Of Future Past 's release , Empire Magazine conducted an excellent interview with writer/director Bryan Singer about the whole mutant franchise ( including the much-hated Brett Ratner-directed third film , X-Men : The Last Stand , which Singer can barely remember the title of ) . While a lot of time is spent on DOFP , Singer also offers some interesting perspective on their first film . When asked what they would do differently , Singer explains :
I 'd probably boost up the visual effects a little bit . It 's a movie that I had a lot of frustrations during the making of , and I was very critical of it before , but in rewatching it as I started to prepare to make this movie , the thing I appreciated most about it was the journey of Wolverine and Rogue . I thought , wow , two lone characters with no place to go , wandering the mountain woods of Canada , find themselves embraced in this huge sequence in the torch of the Statue Of Liberty . For those two characters to begin where they do and to end up there in this very emotional scene , where they die and heals , I thought that really worked . In rewatching the film , for all the things we could n't do and could n't afford and had to rush , I felt that that stuff really played and that Wolverine 's character really came to fruition by the end . They went from being this guy who played no part in the universe to being someone who risked their lives for it .
Advertisement
Although casting Hugh Jackman as Wolverine now stands as one of the best choices in superhero film history , it was a controversial one back in the late 1990s when it seemed impossible that a 6 ' 2 ” Australian musical theater performer could play a surly , squat superhero . ( For some perspective , Bob Hoskins was a fan favorite casting choice at the time . ) The role was actually original offered to Dougray Scott , but when filming for Mission Impossible II was delayed , Singer had to find a new actor .
In an interview with SiriusXM , Jackman recounts going in for an initial audition in the midst of playing Curly in Oklahoma ! on the West End . They auditioned between the matinee and evening performances , which meant both their southern accent and their permed hair were involved .
Speaking to Empire , Singer explains :
It was n't until [ Hugh ] walked into Roy Thompson Hall and I saw them in person that I thought there was potential here , physically . I never saw their Curly audition ; they did an audition dressed as Curly and they never showed me that one . They waited to show me that . Then they did the screen test . That was the first time I 've offered an actor the job on the spot . I did it again with Brandon Routh and Hugh Laurie .
Advertisement
The rest , as they , say is history . And pulling from that history : Here 's footage of an early meeting between Singer and Jackman in which they work through some specific moments in Wolverine 's arc and read some dialogue that wound up cut from the final film :
When asked about the film 's legacy by Empire and whether they see themselves as the instigator of the current superhero film craze , Singer credits Superman director Richard Donner as the real godfather of superhero films . But they add :
I consider myself a kickstarter . I probably did the first movie that eliminated all aspects of camp that had always been a part of comic book movies . I saw the X-Men universe as a much more serious universe . There was no room for camp . Early on , I made a couple of tongue in cheek comments about their costumes and character 's names which I thought was necessary to ease the audience into it and I thought it was a great illustration of Wolverine 's personality . I always took the universe very seriously and was probably the first person to do that .
Advertisement
But to balance out X-Men 's reputation as a more serious superhero flick , here 's the blooper reel from the first film which features , amongst other things , a surprise appearance from Spider-Man and the cast struggling to jump over a wall in their tight black leather suits as Singer directs , “ Hold your breath , but do n't make it look like you 're holding your breath . ”
OnGamers has reported that beleagured League of Legends tournament North American Challenger League is refusing to pay out a speculative $ 100,000 in prize earnings to future winners of their to-be-announced NACL Season 3 and 4 tournaments .
The League is owned by Brad Fry , the Electronic Lord of House Fry , and is under heavy scrutiny by onGamers , for refusing to pay their Season One and Two prize money .
A source that wished to remain anonymous , told ESEX , “ I was told that our team would be invited to NACL Season 3 and we would likely finish third , but we have n't received any of the money yet . ”
“ This situation is unacceptable ; something shady is going on , ” said projected Season 4 winner LMQ 's AD carry Li “ Vasilii ” Wei-Jun . “ Tournaments should not be delaying payment to future winners for several months before the season starts . ”
“ The NACL committed a cardinal sin by acting in a manner contrary to the information in our article , ” said video game hipster and perennial gun jumper Rod “ Slasher ” Breslau . “ We 're not saying our article forced them to pay the day after , but that 's exactly what we 're saying . ”
In response , NACL put out a press release that was very long and contained several screen shots which presumably exonerated the league . Unfortunately , the article was not sensationalist enough for us to read it .
Additionally , NACL plans to launch a gambling website titled NACLBet , which pits random NACL teams against one another for fans to bet on . Ironically , the website is extremely popular among onGamers staff , especially when it began paying out in vote-manipulated Reddit karma instead of actual money .
The NACL has released a statement saying that they plan to pay Season 3 and 4 winners a day after onGamers writes another article about them .
onGamers has declined to comment further on the issue . Riot Games declined to comment on the situation . Chinese President Xi Jinping and S.H.I.E.L.D . executive director Nicholas J. Fury also declined to comment .
Israel 's intelligence agency Mossad assassinated a Palestinian man in southern Sweden on Saturday , according to Fatah sources in Gaza .
Mohammed Tahsin al-Bazam , a former resident of the Gaza Strip , was murdered by an unknown assailant , Haaretz reported on Tuesday .
They were shot dead in their apartment at close range and left to die in the small town of Limmared .
Their father , Tahsin al-Bazam , claimed that they were murdered as a result of a domestic dispute with a Jewish neighbour .
Swedish police released a statement on Sunday about the incident and said : `` Reports said several people wearing masks entered the apartment through a balcony and shot the man inside . They disappeared after the shooting as quickly as they arrived . ''
The Fatah movement 's arm in Gaza released a statement where it accused Mossad of assassinating Bazam .
A number of Palestinian websites picked up Fatah 's statement and claimed that Bazam was a former prisoner held by the Israelis .
But the Palestinian Prisoners ' Club told Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz that they had no record of Bazam 's name , and said that the claim needed to be confirmed .
The Palestinian Prisoners ' Affairs Authority head Issa Qaraqe said that Bazam was not a released prisoner .
In an interview with a Palestinian news agency , Bazam 's father said their son worked in marketing and was not involved in any political activities .
Bazam died from their injuries in a medical centre in Gothenburg after they were flown there from a local hospital where they were initially taken .
The Palestinian foreign ministry sources said its embassy in Sweden is following the police investigation and awaiting further news .
Bazam 's father , who is an imam in Sweden , claimed that two men had murdered their son . They said that Bazam had complained about their Jewish neighbour who held parties that involved drugs and alcohol . They believed that this was why their son was murdered .
“ It could be that an argument developed that ended in murder , or that it was a murder in a racist context because they identified them as a Palestinian Arab and a Muslim , ” alleged the father .
Bazam joins a long list of Palestinians whose deaths have been attributed to assassinations by Mossad .
Other notable assassinations of Palestinians associated with Mossad include senior Hezbollah operative Imad Mughniyeh , who was blown up in Damascus in 2008 , and Hassan al-Laqqis , head of Hezbollah 's technological apparatus , who was killed in Beirut in 2013 .
Israel neither confirms nor denies any of its alleged overseas assassinations .
Story by Scott McIver from Kaizen Tuning
I had heard whisperings of this legendary warehouse of Nissan legacy cars that existed hidden inside a Nissan factory . Together with a friend in Japan , we managed to track down this secret facility and make an appointment to come for a visit .
The trip to Zama is not for the feint of heart , and should not be attempted by a Japan novice . This facility is literally hidden in a nondescript warehouse inside the Nissan Zama factory . Do n't expect to stroll up to the gates and take a look , either . They open the facility once a month , by very limited appointment . We were extremely lucky to get a shot at seeing the collection , and it left a lasting impression of the vast investment Nissan has made to make sure their factory and Nismo engineers have legacy vehicles to study and incorporate in their designs for generations to come .
We were given a brief introduction into what Nissan produces at the Zama facility . Normal road cars are no longer produced at the facility . Instead , electronic modules that go into cars and zero emissions specialty vehicles like the Leaf are produced here , as well as industrial forklifts .
Once inside the museum , easily 400 cars dating from the 1930s to 2010 were to be found on display . This is a truly vast facility , and each road car is presented in absolutely immaculate showroom condition . Some of the race cars , on the other hand , maintain battle damage from their last race !
As our tour guide explained , this was the first mass-produced car in Japan in 1936 , called the Datsun Type 15 . The 15 was produced in 4 styles : sedan , phaeton , roadster and coupe and came equipped with a 722cc engine that pumped out a whopping 15-hp ( which may explain the name ) .
Datsun is actually the older of the two marques , having produced its first car ( called the DAT ) in 1914 , while the name “ Nissan ” originated during the 1930s as an abbreviation used on the Tokyo stock market for Nihon Sangyo . The Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. was officially founded in 1933 and its Yokohama manufacturing plant began producing cars shortly after .
In 1947 Nissan developed its first EV , this Tama truck featuring some very impressive technology that has not advanced until recently due to battery technology limitations . Both truck and sedan versions were available and “ Tama ” was the brand name used , which eventually gave rise to the Prince Motor Co. Ltd .
The 1957 Prince Skyline Deluxe is the great grandfather of the GT-R lineup . This sedan came with a 1.5L that produced about 60-hp and had a top speed of 125 km/h . We have a come a long way !
The 1962 Prince Skyline Sport is perhaps a bit more of a true spiritual forefather to the G-TR , being a coupe and having a powerful ( for its day ) 1.9-liter engine that produced about 94-hp and had a top speed of 150 km/h . Only 60 of these were built , so the two seen here are seriously rare beasts .
This 1966 Prince R380-I is a very rare ( 1 of 2 ) and amazing car to see in person . This car is the DNA originator of the inline-6 motor that eventually became the RB series , its GR8 2-liter straight-6 producing 2oo-hp at 8,000 RPM through three dual Weber carbs . Now we 're talking ! And it 's also Japan 's first real sports racing car , the No.11 car seen here having defeated Porsche to win the 1966 Japan GP Championship at Fuji Speedway .
And this sleeker version is the R380-II , still powered by that GR8 inline-6 but now making 220-hp . This car set no fewer than 7 international speed records in '67 , averaging over 250 km/h during flat-out runs covering set distances from 50 km to 200 km at the Yatabe Test Circuit .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Email
Tyson Foods Inc. and six of its slaughterhouse workers face charges of 33 counts of criminal animal cruelty after they were captured on hidden camera by a Mercy For Animals investigator violently punching , throwing , and maliciously torturing animals for fun .
An MFA investigator documented alarming animal cruelty at Tyson Foods ' slaughterhouse just outside of Carthage , Mississippi—one of the largest poultry slaughterhouses in the entire world—revealing a culture of sadistic abuse and needless suffering .
In addition to punching and throwing animals , workers were caught beating , shoving , and otherwise tormenting frightened animals for fun . Improperly shackled birds were documented getting their heads ripped off while they were still alive and conscious . Due to facility conditions , birds were painfully shocked with electricity but remained fully conscious when their throats were cut open . Chickens were also dumped on top of each other on a conveyor belt , causing many to suffocate under the weight of other birds .
Watch the video footage that led to these charges here :
This is the third undercover investigation of a Tyson facility released by MFA since July 2015 . All have exposed the ongoing and systemic animal abuse in Tyson Foods ' poultry supply chain .
The owners of T & S Farm , a Tyson contract farm in Tennessee , were also recently charged with criminal animal cruelty after an MFA investigation revealed the farm owners beating and stabbing chickens using a spiked club , standing on the birds ' necks , and throwing live birds into buckets to suffer and slowly die .
Although chickens account for more than 95 percent of the animals killed for food in the U.S. , they are not covered by the federal Humane Methods of Slaughter Act . MFA is calling on Tyson Foods to implement meaningful animal welfare requirements for all of its company-owned and contract farms and slaughterhouses . Tyson Foods has the power as well as the ethical responsibility to end the worst forms of animal cruelty .
Specifically , MFA is urging Tyson to replace live-shackle slaughter methods with less cruel controlled atmosphere systems that eliminate the horrific suffering caused by shackling , shocking , and slitting the throats of conscious animals . With these USDA-approved systems , workers never handle live birds . The change would minimize malicious animal abuse by slaughterhouse workers and ensure that no animals have their heads ripped off while fully conscious or are scalded alive in feather-removal tanks—something the USDA estimates happens to as many as 1 million birds per year in the U.S .
Written By Lauriston Brewster
There are only 2 weeks left for the Ron Mueck exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts Houston .
Ron Mueck , the son of German emigres , was born in Melbourne and cut their teeth in the film and television industry , working in both London and the U.S. , before making the foray into fine arts in the late 90s .
The collection currently on exhibition at the MFAH summarizes the trajectory of their journey as an artist .
The verisimilitude of the sculptures–especially the ones the size of large sedans– are unsettling at times . But it is also wondrous just thinking about the sheer amount of meticulousness that went into producing the minute details : you can see every follicle , every furrow and wrinkle , every vein , and every carbuncle .
It was a humbling and sometimes haunting experience . Setting aside the startling realism , a lot of the works offer somber commentary on a myriad of existential concepts like birth , youth , death , and oblivion .
There 's also a giant chicken hanging from the ceiling . Make of that what you will .
I highly recommend y'all check out this highly unique exhibit .
Attendee Price MFAH Member ( Join now ! ) Free Adult ( 19+ ) $ 18 Senior ( 65+ with ID ) , Military ( with ID ) , College Student ( 19+ with ID ) , Youth ( 13–18 ) $ 13 Child ( 12 & younger ) Free
Advertisements
The most successful entrepreneurs , billionaires and those at the top of their field have developed purposeful routines that allow them to focus all their attention on what matters . Here are 7 daily habits of top performers you might want to consider adding to your daily routine .
Everyone is different , and different routines work for different people . It is an ongoing experiment and you need to adapt until you find what works best for you . One thing is for sure : If you do n't adopt a daily ritual of some sort you will waste too much time doing the wrong things at the wrong time to achieve anything of note .
Use your time wisely every day . Become ultra-productive . Learn from the best…
Get Up Early
Start your day before the rest of the world rises and the chaos of the workday begins . Bob Iger , Chairman and CEO of Disney gets up earlier than most , “ I get up at 4:30 in the morning , seven days a week , no matter where I am in the world . ”
Exercise
Training early gets the body and mind in the perfect state for optimum performance for the rest of the day .
Create
We are most alert in the morning so get your creative juices flowing early .
Sometimes I wake up with an idea as if it has been handed to me by God during the night . I need to work on it immediately after waking before the idea I have been gifted begins to fade .
If I get my exercise and creative tasks done within the first 3 hours of waking it is a good day .
Meditate
Not necessarily sitting legs crossed with your hands in the air , just a time of absolute focus to get your mind ‘ in the zone . '
This is a great time to come up with ideas . Try closing your eyes and doing this for just 10 minutes , it can be incredibly powerful .
Some top performers even have specially modified rooms at home or in the office . You can also use your creative imagination to do this from wherever you want to be…
If you 've watched BBC 's ‘ Sherlock ' you will have seen Sherlock go to their ‘ mind palace ' to get the information they need to solve a case . This is the same philosophy . Your creative imagination and your subconscious mind are your most valuable secret weapons .
Learn
I read every day . This keeps my mind alert at all times . As well as helping me consistently learn and develop new skills reading also helps me to remain focused and motivated . Crucially , it inspires me to take action .
Learning is a lifelong commitment of the elite and it should be for you too . It does n't end when you ‘ make it ' if you want to stay at the top .
You might be thinking this will take up too much time . Just read 3 pages a day at first or an article on The Self Improvement Blog , it only takes 5 minutes . Do this every day and it compounds , small steps are better than no steps .
Rest
Whilst some like Gary Vaynerchuk claim to work 20 hour days that is n't the norm . Some of the top class performers I have met and studied work as little as 4 hours a day at full throttle .
The majority of those in the exclusive top class bracket know the importance of getting enough sleep . At least 7 hours a night for most and often up to 9…
You will have heard of leaders such as Margaret Thatcher famously operating on 3-4 hours of sleep a night but these are rare breeds . To perform at your best getting the amount of sleep that your body is telling you it needs is critical .
Play
We are all children at heart and the best way to take a step back and relax is to play , laugh and have some fun . More and more people are starting to understand the importance of this . It has been proven that play not only helps us enjoy ourselves , but it can educate us and improve our relationships too .
Take time out to play every day . It could be a board game , a computer game , some golf practice , games with the kids . Whatever it is that you like to do .
Putting it All Together
Whether you want to be a business leader , a top class athlete or simply less stressed trying to manage your day to day , you need to think about how you use your time . Make definite plans and create sound routines . Be a top class version of yourself .
-Matthew Brown
Bio :
Matthew Brown is the creator of personal development blog ‘ The Business of Life ' https : //thebusinessoflifeclub.com . Aimed at aspiring entrepreneurs and intrapreneurs , Matthew offers entertaining , candid and honest advice to help readers improve their personal and professional lives . Learn more here – https : //thebusinessoflifeclub.com/about/
A Brazilian woman on a quest to find their long-lost birth mother recently received the shock of their life : after locating their parent with the help of a radio program that specializes in finding lost relatives , they found out that their husband of seven years was actually the brother they never knew they had .
Adriana and their husband Leandro had known they 'd both been abandoned by their birth mothers at a very young age . Adriana , 39 , had n't seen their mother since they were 1 , and Leandro learned at 8 that the woman they thought was their mother was , in fact , their stepmother .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
The two got together 10 years ago , after Adriana moved back to their hometown in the wake of a failed marriage , and had a child together ; neither of them , however , gave up the quest to find their birth mothers , and last month Adriana reached out to Radio Globo 's The Time Is Now . On air , Adriana 's mother disclosed that she 'd also had a son whom she 'd left — Leandro .
Adriana apparently told Radio Globo that they and Leandro planned to stay together . “ Only death is going to separate us , ” they said . “ All this happened because God wanted it to happen . ”
Write to Bijan Stephen at bijan.stephen @ gmail.com .
This fits your .
Make sure this fits by entering your model number .
CLEAR YOUR COUNTERS AND DRAWERS – Our Magnetic Knife Holder is a simple solution to help rid the clutter of a bulky knife block . Used by Professional Kitchens and Restaurants this Magnetic Knife Strip will help reclaim counter space that can be used for faster meal preparation - START COOKING LIKE A PRO !
LOW PROFILE MODERN STAINLESS STEEL DESIGN – Show off your cutlery with a Magnetic Knife Rack , your beautiful knives will look amazing and your kitchen will pop ! Our Magnetic toolholder can be used for steel utensils , tools in the garage and crafting room .
VERY STRONG MAGNETS - Your knives and tools will stay in place and not slide off this Magnetic Strip . Rest easy while the Jabowd Superior strength magnetic organizer stores dangerous knives and tools out of the reach of children and pets .
EASY TO INSTALL - Includes hardware and manual for the installation of the magnetic knife bar . Super-fast installation – you will be decluttering your drawers and counters in no time just follow the instructions and use the hardware that is included with every Jabowd wall mounted magnetic storage rack
If you have the products or services that you want to sell on the Internet , you 'll want to create a web site where you 'll advertise what you are offering and you 'll also want to spread a word about your products or services to the world . You can easily and quickly do it via email . Email marketing is certainly one of the most powerful strategies in internet marketing . It 's quick , cost effective – you do not have to pay a set price for every email that is sent out – and allows contact people in all parts of the world . So , you can get more purchasers and respectively more revenue for less investment of time and money . look at this now
How does one accomplish bulk email marketing campaign ? You can use online bulk emailing services , or you can pay a marketing firm to do your bulk email promotions , or you can use direct email marketing software to distribute your email campaigns sitting at your computer . Using software can be the most cost-effective method if you have the time to manage your prospects list and accomplish your email campaigns with a constant frequency .
There is wide choice of direct email marketing software packages available on the Internet market . Some are even freeware programs that do n't require any investment . Although they do n't generally have the value-added features that come with software packages that you purchase ; however , if you are n't running a large email marketing campaign , they may suit your needs for accomplishing specific tasks just fine .
What is Drip Email Marketing ?
The concept behind drip email marketing consists in sending periodic emails to prospects and clients hoping to bring them to your website and make them purchase products or services . It is an effective method to generate new purchasers from your prospects and keeping relationship with your existing clients .
Drip Email Marketing tactic results from the idea that nobody purchases online products or services instantly . A visitor can come to your web site a few times before they become a purchaser . Keeping this in mind , how are you going to stimulate your prospects ' interest to your site and keep them informed about your products and services ? This is where a drip email marketing campaign is quite to the point .
Imagine that a prospect has just visited your site and left you the email address . It 's important to note that you should add a sign-in form to your web site to collect the prospects ' email addresses . It 's rather useful if your sign-in form asks the subscriber to provide some about additional and not only the email address . I 'm not talking about private information . I 'm talking about the subscriber 's area of interest , hobbies , specific needs , or at least the emails they prefer to receive , text or HTML . All this information will help you segment your prospects and send more relevant email messages to each group .
So , based on the subscribers ' preferences , you set up a drip email marketing campaign catered to their specific needs . Each message you send them give more information about their inquiries slightly hinting them at you and your products or services . It is an importunate way to stamp your name in their mind . Remember , you do n't sell anything yet . You just give an advice and information about their particular needs and wishes .
For your existing clients , a drip email marketing campaign is similar . You only need to tailor the emails so they are oriented to the client after purchase . Your email drips must contain relevant information that can help the customer with the products or services they purchased . The customer must be sure that you are always there to assist him . When your client believes that you are a faithful and reliable partner , they are ready to purchase again from you .
It may probably sound like you will need more than one tool to accomplish your drip email marketing campaign . But you can find many programs on the Internet that can handle your growing lists of prospective and present clients . Our email management software must be flexible enough to treat each client or prospect according to the routine of your drip email campaign . The most important thing to remember about drip email marketing is that you must not send meaningless emails . Each message must have an informative content , a real reason to contact your prospects and clients , not just a note saying “ Hi ! ” or “ How are you ? ” .
Pin 1 2 Shares
Everyone knows , or has at least heard of , the importance of keeping hydrated . That 's day 1 human survival stuff , but there 's more to it than you may realize . A widely quoted number suggests needing 8 cups of water a day , but that 's not necessarily the right number for everybody , and some would argue there 's no basis for it . In fact , in some cases , it could be dangerously low .
Common knowledge suggests that our bodies need about two litres of fluid per day , and that 's the “ magic number ” we 're all taught . Some believe that if you wait until you are thirsty then you are already dehydrated , but others would argue that you should wait until you 're thirsty to drink just as we should wait until we 're hungry to eat or snack .
How much hydration is really enough , and how can you actually achieve this goal ?
At the end of the day , the most compelling argument is that thirst is how your body gauges your water requirements , and so keeping on the right track for water intake is just a matter of listening to your body .
In a balanced diet , most people get about twenty percent of their requirements from their food . Studies indicate that anything you drink counts towards hydration , not just water . All liquids , including sodas and juices contain healthy quantities of water .
Just because the water is mixed with other ingredients does n't negate the water 's effects . Your kidneys filter the liquids and extract the water for your body to use . These rings true for coffee and tea , too .
You also should n't worry too much about drinking extra water before exercise , or relying on sports drinks . All you 'll be doing is putting extra liquid in your stomach to slosh around and possibly make you feel quite queasy – or to need to run to the bathroom when you would rather be running that last mile . It is far more effective to make sure that you are drinking adequate amounts about a day and a half before your activity – this allows your body to process and absorb the water properly .
Hydration and Caffeine
The confusion for some people comes when they start thinking about drinks containing caffeine , such as tea and coffee . In recent years , it has become almost an article of faith among some that these drinks actually dehydrate you and cause more harm than good .
Volunteers from The Niall Mellon Township Trust in Africa would disagree with this , having guzzled and astounding 8,000 cups of tea in just four days whilst building a brand-new school for some 1,300 children . It is believed this myth comes from a poor understanding of the nature of caffeine as a diuretic .
Tea and Coffee as a Diuretic ?
A diuretic is an effect that forces water to be excreted in urine at a higher rate . The myth that has taken hold therefore is that although cups of tea are made with water , the diuretic effect of the caffeine in the tea means that you could be worse off when considering your hydration levels…
Does coffee hydrate you ?
Many people ask “ is coffee a diuretic or is it the caffeine ” , when in reality the answer is simply put “ no. ” It 's a lot more complex than just black and white , and for most people , drinking a few cups a day , that 's not a high enough dosage to make a difference .
The problem is that the mechanism by which caffeine dehydrates people only occurs with the consumption of very large doses . A large amount of caffeine in the body is known to increase the blood flow to the kidneys and inhibit the absorption of sodium , which must therefore be passed from the body .
The source of the idea that tea and coffee will dehydrate you dates back to a study done all the way back in 1928 , which demonstrated that people who drank caffeinated beverages urinated more frequently , but newer research suggests this original study may have been off-base in some of its conclusions .
“ The truth of the matter is , a small increase in urine output has little to do with dehydrating the body , ” revealed Lawrence Armstrong , a University of Connecticut professor in the Department of Kinesiology , in a comment to Live Science . “ If you drink a liter of water , [ urination ] will increase , ” Armstrong said . “ Does n't mean you should n't drink water . ”
Newer studies looking at more reasonable quantities of caffeine allegedly show a far less dramatic effect , however . By that , we mean that a number of recent studies have shown that the moderate consumption of caffeine in drinks has absolutely no adverse effect on hydration .
Moderate , in this instance , refers to four or five cups of tea a day .
Studies on larger numbers of cups of tea are imminent , to see at what point the higher doses of caffeine start to have an effect , but part of the difficulty of relating these studies to the real world are the huge differences in the way that people drink their tea . Different blends and brands of tea contain different levels of caffeine , people use different amounts of water , and so on .
Not to mention – many people have very different reactions to caffeine , even at different times of tea .
So , what do we take away from all this ? Well , most people will point at how they find that they need to go to the toilet more often if they 've been drinking tea . More recent studies have shown no difference in the amount of times that people need to go to the toilet , or the amount that they go , whether they have been drinking tea , coffee , or plain water . The mistake we make is on basing our observations on a comparison with when we have drunk nothing .
Enjoy your cup of tea , have a snack , and listen to your body . You 're not going to dehydrate any time soon – far from it , you 've just successfully hydrated yourself .
Some people do seek out diuretic tea , it 's worth pointing out , but that 's because of other ingredients in the tea , not because of the caffeine itself .
But now let 's flip things…
Can you over hydrate with tea and coffee ?
This is where it starts to get interesting and more studies would be helpful . The caffeine diuretic effects of these drinks only take hold at much higher doses , but at those higher doses you 're also consuming a lot more water , which can start to lead to the risk of OVER hydration rather than dehydration . You can definitely over hydrate yourself , and that comes back to where this whole article started – listening to your body and being mindful of what it 's telling you . On a really hot day when you 're out and about or exercising , you 'll obviously need more water than on a gloomy day where you 're catching up on the latest season of Rick and Morty .
While some virtual MVPDs have kept Discovery Communications ' networks off their domestic skinny bundle packages , viewer demand and its recent purchase of Scripps Networks could force distributors to loosen their belts , chief financial officer Gunnar Wiedenfels told an industry audience Friday .
Discovery has been successfully launched on several skinny bundle packages in Europe and has a deal with Amazon Channels in Germany and the U.K. , for subscription VOD offerings of its channels . In the U.S. , the row has been tougher to hoe – its networks are included in services like Sony PlayStation Vue and DirecTV Now , but have been left out of others like Hulu Live .
At the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Media , Communications & Entertainment conference in Los Angeles Friday , Wiedenfels said that is n't because Discovery 's content is n't considered must have – they pointed to research that shows its content is very much in demand with cord-cutters and cord-nevers . And they said that could change as the business matures .
“ I am absolutely convinced that over time viewer taste and the viewer experience is going to determine what content gets offered , ” Wiedenfels said of smaller video packages . “ We know that consumers are willing to pay for our brands . Across the globe we 're in virtually all relevant skinny bundles . We 're much more successful outside the U.S. , with deals in Europe and U.K. and Germany with Amazon . There 's additional demand and there is so much evidence that people want our content . ”
In the U.S. , Discovery networks have made it on to some skinny bundles – DirecTV Now , Sony PlayStation Vue – but not on others , like Hulu Live . Wiedenfels said there are some structural issues behind that . Hulu , owned by The Walt Disney Co. , 21st Century Fox , NBC Universal and Time Warner Inc. , most likely had an interest in getting their own products distributed . And as Discovery nears the close of its $ 14.6 billion purchase of Scripps Networks – expected in the early part of next year – that should make its content offerings all the more appetizing .
Discovery agreed to purchase Scripps Networks in July , which will add channels like HGTV , Food , Travel and DIY to its lineup . In the past , Discovery CEO David Zaslav has said the combination could allow the programmer to create its own skinny offering .
“ Over time the consumer 's taste is going to determine what those bundles will look like , ” Wiedenfels said . “ I 'm very confident the Scripps acquisition should hopefully give us some additional tailwind here because we 're expanding the portfolio we have today that is already a strong portfolio with passionate brands . ”
`` No Quarter '' is a song by Led Zeppelin that appears on their 1973 album Houses of the Holy . It was written by John Paul Jones , Jimmy Page and Robert Plant . The song became a centerpiece at all Led Zeppelin concerts thereafter , until their final tour . It appears in both the film versions and both live album versions of The Song Remains the Same released in 1976 and expanded in 2007 . It appeared once more in 1994 on Page and Plant 's reunion album as the title track . It also appears on Led Zeppelin 's 2012 live album Celebration Day , which documented their 2007 reunion performance at the O2 Arena in London . It was re-released in the deluxe edition of Houses of the Holy .
Overview [ edit ]
`` No Quarter '' was recorded in 1972 at Island Studios , London . It was engineered by Andy Johns and also mixed by Johns at Olympic Studios , London . The version that made it onto the album evolved out of a faster version Led Zeppelin had recorded earlier at Headley Grange , an old mansion in East Hampshire , England . [ 4 ] Jimmy Page applied vari-speed to drop the whole song a semi-tone , in order to give it a thicker and more intense mood . [ 5 ] In addition to the pitch change , the album version featured a very highly compressed guitar track , giving it a tone unique to Led Zeppelin . The effect is achievable today by means of running a dry signal through circuitry , at a much higher amplitude than the device is rated to handle . Very little is known to the exact origin of the tone Page used , or how/why it was done . The guitar solo effect was achieved by direct injection and compression . [ 4 ] The song features a brief Shepard scale at the close of the solo section at around the 4:45 mark . With their electric piano , John Paul Jones achieved a Fender Rhodes-like oscillator effect , as well as a real-time bass synth line , done on early Moog Taurus foot pedals in sequence with the keyboard track , which requires an amount of dexterity . Along with full-range intonation , the depression-sensitive bass pedals were then able to be modulated in-time with the riff , opening up the filter cut-off , rhythmically , judging by the amount the pedal is depressed . The result is a swampy , hollow , and deep bass sound , which was also compressed in the final cut .
The title is derived from the military practice of showing no mercy to a vanquished opponent and from the brave act of not asking for mercy when vanquished . This theme is captured in several of the song 's lyrics . The entire vocal track was run through a chorus filter , and a leveler .
Record producer Rick Rubin has remarked on the song 's structure , `` It takes such confidence to be able to get really quiet and loose for such a long time . [ Led ] Zeppelin completely changed how we look at what popular music can be . `` [ 6 ]
Live performances [ edit ]
When played live , `` No Quarter '' is played a half step up in D minor as opposed to C♯ minor from the studio version . From 1973 `` No Quarter '' became a centerpiece at Led Zeppelin concerts , being played at virtually every show the band performed until 1980 ( it was eventually discarded on their final tour `` Over Europe '' in that year ) . [ 4 ] The song took on a very mysterious texture on stage as many lights and simulated fog were used .
During live performances Jones would showcase their skills as a pianist , frequently improvising on keyboards and playing parts of classical music . On the band 's ninth North American tour in 1973 , performances of the song lasted twice the length of the studio version . On Led Zeppelin 's concert tours from 1975 onwards , Jones would also play a short piano concerto ( on a Steinway B-211 grand piano ) frequently turning the seven-minute song into a performance exceeding twenty and sometimes even thirty to thirty-five minutes , in a handful of cases . Page and Bonham would always join them later in the song . They were particularly fond of playing Rachmaninoff pieces , but sometimes included Joaquín Rodrigo 's Concierto de Aranjuez and `` Amazing Grace '' as part of an extended medley . [ 7 ] One version of the song , visually recorded ( and available on sites such as YouTube ) at the Kingdome in Seattle in 1977 , lasted thirty minutes , where , after the piano solo , Jones led the group into a blues jam , as a prelude to the guitar solo proper . ( Similar versions from that year where the song was extended to another ten minutes compared to 1975 can also be heard on the Destroyer bootleg CD , or bootleg DVDs of the concerts at Knebworth in 1979 . )
In Led Zeppelin 's concert film The Song Remains the Same , `` No Quarter '' was the thematic music behind Jones ' personal fantasy sequence , in which they played a haunting masked horseman or highwayman roaming the graveyards . Jimmy Page also used a short segment of theremin as an added sound effect while playing the song live , as can additionally be seen in the movie .
Page and Plant recorded a version of the song in 1994 , without Jones , released on their album No Quarter : Jimmy Page and Robert Plant Unledded . Robert Plant played a radically different version of the song as the opening number on their solo tour in 2005 , as is included on the DVD release Soundstage : Robert Plant and the Strange Sensation . `` No Quarter '' was also a central part of Jones ' own solo concerts between 1999 and 2002 .
`` No Quarter '' was performed at Led Zeppelin 's reunion show at the O2 Arena , London on 10 December 2007 , and was played in C minor to accompany Plant 's vocals .
Reception [ edit ]
In a contemporary review for Houses of the Holy , Gordon Fletcher of Rolling Stone gave `` No Quarter '' a negative review , calling the track , along with `` The Rain Song '' , as `` nothing more than drawn-out vehicles for the further display of Jones ' unknowledgeable use of mellotron and synthesizer . `` [ 8 ]
Personnel [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
( CNN ) Democrats need to stop licking their wounds and blaming others for their defeat . In the shocking aftermath of Donald Trump 's presidential election victory , many Democrats have been wallowing in the outcome as they try to understand how Hillary Clinton could possibly have lost .
Too many have been focused on pointing to reasons other than themselves . They have blasted FBI Director James Comey for the effect that their letters had on the dynamics of the campaign . Others , energized by the protests in the streets , have lamented how the Electoral College allowed Trump to win without the popular vote , only the fifth time that this has happened in US history . Then there are the continued attacks on the media for giving Trump so much airtime and for , in their minds , fueling their victory .
But Democrats need to stop going down this path . Unless there is some much more serious introspection about what went wrong , the party is looking at a long four to eight years ahead .
While Republicans certainly spent a great deal of time casting blame after the 2008 election -- often railing against one of their own , President George W. Bush -- much of their energy from day one centered on how to rebuild the party .
Congressional Republicans promised to obstruct and stick to the party line . National party operatives mobilized their resources to influence state elections so they could influence gerrymandering after 2010 . Newer voices in the party from tea partyers to `` Reformocons '' such as Marco Rubio offered alternative visions for their colleagues and supporters .
What can Democrats learn from the 2016 campaign ? What mistakes did they make that helped produce this outcome , one that many agree has put the nation in a very unstable place ?
Clintonomics
Part of the answer goes back to the 1990s when President Bill Clinton made an aggressive push , along with many allies in the party , to move Democrats toward the center on economic policy . There were a series of policy areas -- tax cuts , economic and financial deregulation , free trade and fiscal stringency -- where Democrats made the decision that their party had to do more to emulate Ronald Reagan conservatives if they were going to survive politically .
JUST WATCHED House Democrats face post-election shake up Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH House Democrats face post-election shake up 02:19
This did not come without pushback . Many House Democrats blasted Clinton when they moved forward with the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1994 and when they conceded to the zeal for budgetary cuts that the GOP demanded in the late 1990s . This does not mean Clinton was just Republican lite . They were not . On many issues , notably health care , Clinton fought tooth and nail to expand the social safety net . Nor was they willing to agree to the draconian spending cuts that congressional Republicans were eager to see enacted .
But in agreeing to the overall direction of economic policy since that decade , they and many other Democrats were too hesitant to deal with the economic consequences inflicted on many working and middle-class Americans who found their future to be less stable , less secure and less vibrant .
As American workers saw entire industries leave their towns and struggled to make sure that their children would have a decent future , they felt the nation 's leaders were leaving them behind . The forces of globalization wreaked havoc on their families .
Ironically , it was Clinton 's 1992 campaign that operated on the slogan , `` It 's the economy , stupid . '' Yet as the 1990s moved along , Bill Clinton did n't concentrate on the long-term economic effects of their policies . And their wife , Hillary Clinton , did n't emphasize the economic message this year .
In this campaign , Donald Trump appealed to them , partly through blanket attacks on free trade that did n't offer much of an alternative as well as rhetoric that played to their fears and anger about how `` other people '' were making them hurt .
While many Democrats are in agreement that Trump 's campaign was unacceptable , the party needs to do much more to address the economic problems of less educated and nonurban voters . Democrats need to be more responsive to the political needs of unions , which had been the base of Democratic power since the 1930s .
During the primaries , Sen. Bernie Sanders tried to move the party in this direction and demonstrated how energizing such a progressive economic campaign could be . The party needs to look back at some of the work that they and allies in Congress , such as Sen. Elizabeth Warren , have been undertaking for several years if they are to conceive of an economic agenda that will win back many voters who left them this time around .
Republicans had the better ground game
Democrats also need to think more seriously about old-fashioned political organization . For all the talk about the machine that the Hillary Clinton campaign had built to ensure victory , they lost . As in the 2008 primaries when the Clinton campaign struggled to keep up with the organizational prowess of Barack Obama , this time it was the Republicans who had a better ground game to win the Electoral College .
Democrats made the decision to push for a 50-state strategy , investing most of their resources and energy in battleground states and even states such as Arizona , where they hoped that a Republican backlash against Trump could win them some votes . They were wrong . As Ronald Brownstein has argued , the campaign left bluer states such as Michigan and Wisconsin wide open for Trump to go in and win enough votes to win . The impact of this decision became clear .
Nor have Democrats matched the organizational fervor of Republicans in congressional and state politics . Nearly as notable as Trump 's victory was the ability of the GOP to maintain control of the Senate and House , and to increase the number of Republican state legislatures by four , which will continue to give them an upper hand in battles over redistricting .
Too often Democrats have just been focused on the short term while Republicans have been playing the long game . For all the talk about how Republicans are not taking seriously the long-term demographic changes that could turn their party into a permanent minority , journalists have documented how much more effort they have put into organizational battles to shore up their base in Congress and statehouses across the country . Even before the presidential election , the Republicans already had developed a strong foundation of political power . Now they have the White House , so the sweep is complete .
News and social media
The last area where Democrats need to do much more work is figuring out how to thrive in the modern news media . In this election , Trump showed they had mastered the 24-hour , click-bait news cycle . As I wrote in a previous column , Trump devised an effective campaign to feed the media constantly with new content , to shape compelling and dramatic narratives that framed the discussion among reporters and to use social media sites such as Twitter to reach voters directly .
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
The Clinton campaign often struggled to figure out how to operate in this environment . Too often it was slow to respond to news stories that seemed silly or outlandish . It regularly allowed Trump to dominate the media discussion with their bombast and incessant attacks . And frequently it played into the Republican campaign by accepting the unfavorable terms of the debate that emerged from the Republicans or from the media , rather than looking for ways to push the discussion in a different direction .
There were several damaging hours after the release of the first Comey letter when Clinton concentrated on explaining and responding , rather than turning attention to Comey himself . The new media environment is a volatile and emotional battleground . While the media might have serious problems , Democrats will have to do a better job working with what they have or more losses will be on the way .
While Monday morning quarterbacking wo n't do much to help Democrats , some serious political introspection about the overall strength of their party is now essential .
Subaru Discounts 2016 BRZ $ 300
$ 300 off the new BRZ
Subaru has just announced some details for the 2016 BRZ , the most important one being a discounted price . It 's not much , but it should be worth about a month of groceries . Yes , a whopping $ 300 discount is coming to the Subaru version of the Toyo-Baru 86 . What 's interesting is it 's hard to pinpoint where they 're making up the difference , the 6.2″ screen on the stereo is going to be standard across all trim levels . Also , all trim levels will be getting a reverse camera . These seem to sound like upgrades . A flappy-paddle transmission option is being introduced , that's… that 's nice if you like those things… The only real cost-changing measure I can find is they 're changing the climate control in the “ Limited ” trim , so you 'll no longer have dual-zone temperature control , but you 'll still have heated seats . WOO what an action packed piece of news .
So , Canadian owners , what do you think ? If you have a 2015 , do you want some cash back ? Maybe they 're giving you extra cash to invest in winter tires ? Or maybe a header and ecu tune ? Anyways , whether you live in Ottawa or Winnipeg , you all live Hi-Res galleries . Here are some detailed images for the upcoming model year . And here 's the press release .
You must be logged in with to post a comment
I would like to start this post off by saying this has been hands down the greatest redditgifts experience for me all around thus far , and to think i almost did n't sign up for this one ! My extremely generous gifter has sent me not one , but TWO amazing gifts from the Legend of Zelda series . I am not a serious gamer , but I have loved this games since childhood , allowing them to become more of a visual tale of legend than just video games .
I was incredibly lucky to get matched with Vanstah , as they really understood my interest with the games . First in the mail came an excellent gift in itself ... a color changing heart mug which `` refills '' itself in 8-bit glory whenever a hot beverage ( coffee ) is poured into it . Had this been the only component of my gift I still would have been ecstatic ; it references my favorite games in a delightfully subtle fashion , yet I was told there would be another component .
As soon as I read Vanstah 's note telling me there was something else on its way as a gift for me , I started to get very excited . I told my wife , `` This must be something imported , something special from overseas , '' aware of course of the series ' Far East influences . I was patient , as by this time I trusted Vanstah to deliver . And did they ever !
Today I pulled a long thin tube from my mailbox . It was delivered to my New Jersey apartment from someplace in China . My adrenaline surged ; could this be the second piece of the gift I have been anticipating ? Indeed it was .
As I gently pulled away the clear tape , a tightly wound scroll became visible inside the tube . With some coaxing , I was able to delicately remove it from its packaging . I had received , in fabric scroll form , an account of any and everyone I had ever fought for , fought along side of , fought against , in my journeys as Link through these luscious worlds . It is a piece of art worthy of endless examination and fond recollection . The realistic way in which these characters have been rendered add an extra aspect of wonder to the piece , and I stood in slack-jawed amazement as I recognized old friends and enemies as though they were suddenly wrought manifest in the actual world .
Thank you , once more , to my Reddit gifter : the person whose level of creativity , generosity , and sincerity made this gift possible . I am honored to have received these items as a flawless representation to my devotion to the series . I feel the pictures do not do this justice , yet since I get to enjoy these gifts , Vanstah must know that they have made their impact . I love these gifts .
About Bil Cord Founder , owner , author , graphic designer , CEO , CFO , webmaster , president , mechanic and janitor for mybeerbuzz.com . Producer and Co-host of the WILK Friday BeerBuzz live weekly craft beer radio show . Small craft-brewer of the craft beer news sites and one-man-band with way too many instruments to play .
RELATED POSTS
From Heineken “ We turned the conventional cider occasion on its head by creating a range of elegant and sophisticated bottles with real table appeal that reflect the premium quality of the products . Each bottle features an embossing detail on the shoulder showing the date the company was founded as well as a Stassen family crest on the neck label and brand monogram on the seal of the bottle. ” “ With the rising popularity of cider globally , we saw an opportunity to launch a premium cider brand made by one of the finest cider producers in the world , appealing to a discerning connoisseur looking for a truly authentic , qualitfy craft beverage with real heritage . With their extensive design expertise in the cider category , Bulletproof were the perfect design partners for this project and have perfectly captured all the authenticity , sophistication and the uniqueness of the Stassen spirit in the new Cidrerie Stassen range. ” Brewed in Aubel , Belgium , the range consists of 7.4 % ABV Cidre Brut and Cidre Cuvée Rosé , as well as 8.2 % ABV Cidre Grand Cru du Pays D'Aubel . The ciders , produced by a cider house that is more than 120 years old , are packaged in 750ml bottles and feature packaging design from London-based agency Bulletproof .
Two Air Transat pilots have been charged on suspicion of being under the influence of alcohol just prior to takeoff on a trans-Atlantic flight from Glasgow to Toronto .
The Montreal-based airline said it learned of the arrests on Monday as the flight was scheduled to depart Glasgow airport that afternoon .
“ We will await the results of the investigation and judicial proceedings before making any further comments , ” spokesperson Pierre Tessier said in a statement .
TS725 Safety of our crews & passengers is our top priority . We await results of judicial proceedings before commenting on the matter . /NB — Air Transat ( @ airtransat ) July 19 , 2016
Police Scotland say Jean-Francois Perreault , 39 , and Imran Zafar Syed , 37 , appeared in court Tuesday , charged with threatening or abusive behaviour and performing an aviation function over the prescribed alcohol limit .
The pair were remanded in custody pending a subsequent court appearance within eight days . Court records list Perreault 's residence only as Ontario , while Syed lives in Toronto .
WATCH : Air Transat pilots accused of being drunk charged in Scotland . Mike Drolet reports .
The airline says passengers were put up in hotels and given $ 200 compensation . The flight landed in Toronto on Tuesday .
Air Line Pilots Association International , the union representing the pilots , declined to comment on the incident but said substance abuse among its 53,000 member pilots is “ extremely rare . ”
According to media reports , Air Transat Flight 725 was carrying 345 passengers along with nine crew members .
It is believed the cabin crew raised concerns over the pilots behaviour before the plane 's scheduled takeoff at 1 p.m. local time .
Television personalities Colin McAllister and Justin Ryan — best known for their interior design shows on HGTV and other networks — were among the passengers whose travel plans were grounded by the arrests .
WATCH : Two Air Transat pilots have been arrested on suspicion of being under the influence of alcohol just prior to take off on a trans-Atlantic flight from Glasgow to Toronto . Upon arriving in Toronto , TV stars and style experts Colin and Justin discussed their recollections of the ordeal .
They told reporters upon landing at Toronto Pearson International Airport they were waiting in the boarding lounge for a reported delay that started out as one hour but ended up lasting more than 21 .
“ It sounds like two people made a mistake , they did something wrong and the airline actually did the right thing . They made sure that we were n't flying with these people , they made sure we were looked after last night , ” McAllister said , adding that “ no one was complaining , no one was bellyaching on the plane . ”
Toronto calling . Safely landed . Cheers to everyone for all the lovely messages . We 're all good . With the flight debacle allayed . Jeesh ! — colin and justin ( @ colinjustin ) July 19 , 2016
“ It seems like no drama when you 're there and we all thought it was a technical issue . ”
Ryan said the crew made “ guarded references ” to the incident .
“ Drinking and driving is not smart , drinking and flying a plane is nothing short of lunacy , ” they said .
The pair earlier voiced their frustration on social media while also expressing relief steps were taken to ensure travellers ' safety .
Our flight . However-better to arrive late in this world than early in the next . Boozing pilots ? wtf ? pic.twitter.com/bLedHxuBkU — colin and justin ( @ colinjustin ) July 19 , 2016
Pilots in Canada are barred by law from drinking eight hours before a flight . Aviation trainer Phyl Durdey said pilots receive not mandatory but random testing for drugs and alcohol under airline rules .
“ We are true professionals and there are so many safeguards and rules we can put in place . Unfortunately as soon as something like this happens it does raise that question of why do we not have it , ” said Durdey , CEO of Flightline Training Services , which trains mechanics .
But they said cases of drunk pilots are “ so rare , ” citing one report in the U.S. that found 38 incidents over six years .
Transport Canada said it was reviewing the pilots ' records and Air Transat 's policies and procedures , but that preliminary information indicates steps to protect passenger safety were taken .
Possible enforcement action in Canada could include fines and revoking licenses , but the regulator said it is waiting for the outcome of the Scottish investigation before considering next steps . Disciplinary action in Canada against the pilots is the responsibility of Air Transat , it added .
WATCH : Aviation expert Phyl Durdy says that while Canadian law requires pilots to be alcohol-free before they get aboard a plane , the testing regime for catching impaired pilots in Canada is not as strict as in the US
With files from Peter Kim , The Associated Press and The Canadian Press
On Sunday 's “ This Week with George Stephanopolous , ” Gov . Mike Pence ( R-IN ) defended their state 's so-called Religious Freedom Law and vowed not to back down by changing the law .
“ We 're not going to change the law , ” Pence said , “ but if the general assembly in Indiana sends me a bill that adds a section that reiterates and amplifies and clarifies what the law really is and what it has been for the last 20 years , than I 'm open to that . ”
Pence argued it was a law that defended religious liberty from the government and not a law that is a license for discrimination as critics have said .
“ The question here is if there is a government action or a law that an individual believes impinges on their religious liberty , they have the opportunity to go to court , just as the Religious Freedom and Reformation Act that Bill Clinton signed allowed them , to go to court and the court would evaluate the circumstance under the standards articulated in this act , ” they added .
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
Bitpay Adds Miner Fees To Invoices
Facing record high network transaction fees , Bitpay has announced that it will add a fee to each Bitpay invoice , beginning next week . While merchants ' fees will not be affected by this change , a purchaser paying a Bitpay invoice will see an “ automatically-calculated ( based on current network fee estimates ) network cost ” shown as a part of the total amount to be paid , the company explained .
Also read : Bitpay Confident in Bitcoin , But Raises Its Minimum Transaction Size
New Fees on Bitpay Invoices
Starting on March 23 , a new fee will be added to each Bitpay invoice to cover the rising transaction costs of the Bitcoin network . Many businesses currently use Bitpay 's invoice service , which is a customizable API-based system capable of creating and sending multiple invoices to customers . It is still free for payees to receive money using the invoice service . However , payers will see the miner fees added to the total amount to be paid .
“ Until now Bitpay has covered the network costs for combining and sweeping UTXOs [ Unspent Transaction Output Set ] from Bitpay invoice payments ” , the company revealed .
Recently , Bitpay CEO Stephen Pair spoke about the Bitcoin network 's mining fees rising “ exponentially ” . They said that the fees that Bitpay covered for customers in February crossed the $ 50,000 mark , prompting the company to raise the minimum invoice amount from $ 0.04 to $ 1 . With this latest announcement , Bitpay stated that :
In order for us to continue processing secure , on-chain bitcoin payments without incurring losses as UTXO consolidation costs increase , as of March 23rd we will now be automatically adding this network cost to the total cost of paying a Bitpay invoice .
UTXO-Based Network Miner Fees
“ The miner fees paid to combine and sweep UTXO 's from Bitpay 's receiving addresses are a major part of Bitpay 's increased network costs ” , the company described . Instead of simply passing along the payments ' network miner fee , Bitpay has decided to charge fees based on the number of UTXOs which a payment is sent from .
Each UTXO points to a single Bitcoin address that a wallet could choose to send bitcoins from . It is also the part of a Bitcoin transaction that tells the network how much unspent money is at each sending address .
Wallets commonly have dozens of addresses that make up part of each payment sent . A typical spend from most wallets can stack many addresses together to total up the amount being sent . A payment might only have one UTXO or it could have hundreds of these addresses . Bitpay 's invoices will be charging for each one individually . These fees are added to the invoice on top of the payer 's own miner fee which originates in the payer 's wallet , giving Bitpay no control over them . The company admitted :
We realize that for many users , this network cost may make smaller payments uneconomical .
How to Minimize Fees
For users who are concerned about additional network costs on their Bitpay payments , the company said that they “ strongly recommend making Bitcoin purchases in larger increments to offset the cost across a larger payment value ” . In addition , Bitpay also suggested that , to avoid double-paying the network fees , “ be sure to pay the exact BTC amount requested on the Bitpay invoice ” . In addition , the company noted that : “ A good way to ensure that you do not overpay or underpay a Bitpay invoice is to scan the QR code or pay with a payment-protocol compatible wallet like the Bitpay wallet app ” .
Bitpay concluded that “ This network cost will not have a significant effect on the majority of payments made through Bitpay ” . While purchasers will see the added fee , “ our merchants ' fees and pricing will not be affected by this change ” , the company reiterated .
What do you think of Bitpay 's move to add miner fees to their invoices ? Let us know in the comments section below .
Images courtesy of Shutterstock and Bitpay
The Bitcoin universe is vast . So is Bitcoin.com . Check our Wiki , where you can learn everything you were afraid to ask . Or read our news coverage to stay up to date on the latest . Or delve into statistics on our helpful tools page .
From Recomposition
This is the first part of a series of concrete examples and very brief summaries of organizations that have some component of direct action and a form of collective bargaining that operate outside the labour relations framework . The first series are entirely owner operator associations in Transportation . There is a conventional argument , bolstered by employers , that these folks are not workers but rather small business people . Of course that 's nonsense , being a worker is not determined by the form of wage you take and being paid piece rate is as old as payment itself . Owning your own tools does not make someone a business owner , if that were the case many tradesmen would n't be workers . These workers have responded to a unique situation that opens up positive examples for organizers all over and should be watched .
Associations in Transportation
a . ) Yellow Cab in Edmonton . Taxi drivers in Edmonton had an association for a number of years that would make demands on the City of Edmonton , various hotels and their own company . They would back up these demands with direct action . Their main tactic was car pickets . In some disputes they would circle around a hotel where there was a grievance , or city hall , on at least one instance they blocked the onramp to the airport .
Advantages : They had a very high level of member engagement and a capacity to take action that could make some pretty big wins and take on large institutions .
Disadvantages : They did n't seem to have a method for clearing out small grievances , little issues that did n't require hundreds of cars in an auto picket .
What happened ? They eventually were certified under the Teamsters who made some big promises . The Teamsters failed to get a first contract and went on strike . The strike collapsed because a number of cabbies scabbed and did n't honour the strike . This is in stark contrast to the auto pickets that had a high level of participation and almost no scabbing . Many workers were afraid of losing pay or felt they could n't afford this . Some of this is probably bad/sloppy organising on the part of the Teamsters but the advantage of the old association was they could also take job action while at work without being threatened with ALRB fines , unlike the Teamsters . This let them collect fares and take action in the same day .
There is still a Taxi association in Fort MacMurray that operates on a similar basis and protests that look similar from a distance in Calgary .
b . ) Alberta Sand and Gravel Haulers . These drivers came from similar groups of new canadians as the Yellow Cab workers and had a similar organisation . They seem to rely on some legal avenues , used more media publicity and there is some evidence they do some lobbying . Near as I can tell they are still around but several years ago they had a series of job actions where they drove around in circles at the Alberta Legislature with their covers off , spraying dust and small particles of gravel everywhere . They were pretty effective at getting concessions and managed to actually engage in some concrete negotiations .
Advantages : Managed to be stable and long term .
Disadvantages : Pretty similar to Yellow Cab , there seemed to be no visible way of settling smaller disputes .
What happened ? Still operating , militancy subsided with some concessions granted . Often actions are tied to gas prices so it creates a situation where there is a sort of ongoing collective bargaining around rates .
c ) . Reynolds Diaz Contractors . On three separate occasions the contractors at Canada Post who worked under a subcontractor called Reynolds shut down the mail . Once in 2010 in retaliation for a pay cut , the pay cut was reversed . Once in support of rural contractors who were on strike over a pay cut , that pay cut was reversed and once over a similar attempt at cutting pay and information on this one is spotty but it looked successful by second hand reports .
Advantages : They were very successful , have existed for a very long time . Have managed to build power through multiple actions and were probably better at extending solidarity to CUPW than CUPW was to it .
Disadvantages : Very informal , mostly seems to rely on leadership outside the job as well as inside . Also do n't have a clear process for settling smaller disputes . Really high turnover , they seem to make up for it with leadership from the cultural groups outside of work that make up the workforce .
What happened ? Still in existence .
d ) . Troqueros/Port of Vancouver Truckers
Up and down the West Coast are owner operators who work the large ports . They frequently take job actions , some actions scuttling thousands of trucks and tens of millions of dollars in merchandise . There 's a lot of variety between the different ports and some have taken lots of action , like LA or Vancouver .
Advantages : Some coordination over a large geographic area , multiple ports , and two countries . Very strong economic leverage . Some coordination with other unions , ( such as UNIFOR in Vancouver ) . Very stable and has been in existence for a very long time , probably decades . With job actions going back at least ten years .
Disadvantages : Vancouver has multiple unions with UNIFOR representing one group of workers , some evidence this may be part of an effort to “ tier ” the workforce . Los Angeles has a lot of politics and a few different groups putting forward different strategies at different times . The usual lack of smaller scale models for addressing concerns of smaller groups of workers or issues that are n't large enough for a wildcat to solve but may be too big for an individual worker to sort out themselves .
Links
Taxis :
http : //fortmc.ca/fort-mcmurray-news/fort-mcmurray-taxi-drivers-set-walk-away-from-the-wheel-t10900.html
http : //www.calgarysun.com/2013/08/26/associated-cab-drivers-strike-at-calgary-international-airport-in-protest-of-companys-airport-service-monopoly
http : //www.canada.com/story_print.html ? id=3351b80c-667a-4269-99a1-5fdd18dee584 & sponsor
http : //edmonton.ctvnews.ca/taxi-strike-begins-with-little-effect-to-service-1.912357
Truckers :
http : //www.libcom.org/blog/union-truckers-join-strike-port-metro-vancouver-10032014
Postal Contractors :
http : //recomposition.info/2014/01/30/scabs-part-i/
http : //recomposition.info/2014/02/08/scabs-part-ii-the-st-albert-wildcat/
By Wael Eskander
A young black girl is raped and abused by two racist white men , who are then shot by the girl 's father during their trial . This is the premise of ‘ A Time to Kill ' , a book by John Grisham . In the courtroom drama the lawyer attempts to convince the jury to release the father but finds it difficult to find sympathy in the south . In the movie version the lawyer finally asks the jury to close their eyes and picture the rape , but with a young white girl and two black men .
Oftentimes we 're not colour-blind and the many colours of our biases in terms of gender , race , nationality or faith blind us and make us see similar things differently . We sympathise only with those who are of our same race , faith or language but we forget that others we vilify are of the same species .
Close your eyes . Imagine children happily playing football on a beach . Imagine the sound of waves and their shouts and giggles as they play . Imagine these serene sounds disrupted by an explosion on the shore . Imagine their screams as they run from the incoming blasts and then imagine four of them dead on the beach moments later .
Now imagine these four children are Israeli and that the bombs that allow the operator to see the target and abort were fired by Palestinians .
Now imagine that you 're Israeli .
Would it be okay for people to accept the outcome because the Palestinian forces did not intend to target civilians ? Would it be okay if the Palestinian army dropped bombs on your home just because they claimed IDF was using the building to fire rockets at Gaza ?
They send you a message on your phone asking me to evacuate your building to equally dangerous neighbourhoods that have received similar warnings . How would you feel ? Would you condemn the Palestinian army or would you commend its operation ?
Back to the reality of our current rhetoric , it 's easy to get into the defensive talking points set forth by Israeli apologists . “ Israel has a right to defend itself ” , “ Hamas are using civilians as human shields ” , “ Hamas is to blame for making Israel do this ” , “ Hamas is firing from hospitals and schools ” , “ Israel is not targeting civilians ” .
These excuses have echoed in Egypt 's mainstream media and many have come out in support of Israel just to spite Hamas . Each of these excuses more ludicrous than the one before it , each with a flaw in logic , morals or information . How does killing children defend Israel ? How can you blame someone else for your own killing ? How can a death toll with an insignificant percentage of militant deaths not be targeting civilians ? But all these explanations will not be necessary if you close your eyes and imagine it were the other way around , if it was someone you truly cared about being bombed .
One thing often forgotten is that the siege on Gaza is largely Egypt 's responsibility , but some are willing to turn a blind eye and vilify Israel alone . The rhetoric in Egypt seems to be that it 's okay to bomb Gaza because they elected Hamas . But close your eyes once again and imagine it was Cairo under siege and by that same rationale , its civilian population is bombed . Would it make it all right if the Muslim Brotherhood were in power ? Close your eyes and think of your family being bombed having no shelter to run to , then hearing from your closest neighbours that the targeting is well deserved .
Gaza is not Hamas , civilians in Gaza are not Hamas and the children are not Hamas .
The same double standards are everywhere . Many Egyptians look at Mosul in Iraq where Christians are being evicted , but all they need to do is look inside Egypt for similar incidents . Many Egyptians look to massacres everywhere in condemnation but do not utter a word of protest when a thousand people are killed in a day .
We live in a world where biases blind us . Numbers do n't mean a thing and neither does logic when we feel strongly about something . “ It 's different in this case ” is present in our internal monologue whether it really is different or not .
True blindness happens when your eyes are wide open , when you 're paying attention to the differences rather than looking at what 's common .
Close your eyes and imagine you 're not who you are , that you 're not the nationality , religion or colour that you are . Maybe it 's only through closing our eyes that we may get to open them .
Wael Eskandar is an independent journalist and blogger based in Cairo . They are a frequent commentator on Egyptian politics and has written for Ahram Online , Egypt Independent , Counterpunch , and Jadaliyya , among others . They blog at notesfromtheunderground.net .
Share . PS4 could get video chat by Q2 2015 . PS4 could get video chat by Q2 2015 .
The PlayStation Network 's TV show Powers may have revealed a concept for the PS4 's in-game video chat .
A scene from Powers shows a male character playing a PlayStation 4 . A screenshot from the scene , as seen below , shows a female character using the name Chaotic Chick in a video chat box on the same screen as an Infamous : Second Son clone which is being played by the character in the show .
powers ps4 video chat 3 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 03 01 OF 03 powers ps4 video chat Download Image Captions ESC
This is in no way confirmation of video chat functionality and how it will look on PS4 . However , Sony hopes to have video chat on PS4 in Q2 2015 through an app called ooVoo , according to a CES 2015 interview with ooVoo Vice President Brian Liebler , which was posted on YouTube by user SamueltehG33k . Oovoo on the PS4 would function similarly to Microsoft 's Skype on Xbox One .
Liebler also says the company would like to implement a streaming feature , allowing two users to view the content at the same time while video chatting . The ooVoo video chat app is currently available on PC , Mac , and mobile devices .
Exit Theatre Mode
Powers premiered on PlayStation Network on March 10 . The first episode is free for all viewers and the full first season is free to PlayStation Plus subscribers .
IGN reviewed Power 's pilot episode , giving it a 7.4 and saying “ it holds promise ” despite “ some obstacles to overcome. ” Check out IGN 's full breakdown of Powers , including everything you need to know and more about Sony 's original series .
Michael Martin is a freelance writer from Seattle who is hopelessly addicted to pop culture t-shirts . Send help on Twitter .
Vice Media is ready to do breaking news . Do n't expect anchors at desks and scrolling graphics .
Vice News has launched with a series of videos from locations including Ukraine and Venezuela , featuring the organization 's signature on-the-ground style and subjective approach , which it has brought to topics like North Korean labor camps and the Libyan Revolution .
Vice had already offered news , but `` this is a totally new platform , '' according to a rep . The new entity , which went live on Monday night , will have franchises like the Daily Vice News Capsule and more live stream coverage from breaking events . The organization has hired `` tons '' of new reporters for the venture , the rep added . Vice 's current head count is more than 1,000 globally .
Vice started as an arts , culture and current events magazine in Montreal , and its entry into news coverage is the most high-profile indication to date that the now diverse media outlet is set to compete with the world 's mainstream outlets .
The videos are similar to Vice 's HBO series of short-form documentaries , but are a bit shorter — around four-and-a-half minutes . One of its first dispatches comes from outside a Ukrainian military base at which Russian troops had arrived .
The vertical follows recent efforts from Vice to build out its video and news efforts with the launch of a YouTube channel as well as the hiring of around 60 journalists . The Wall Street Journal reported in November that Vice had planned a $ 50 million investment in its news organization .
`` We looked at how we should launch a sort of new product , something that is n't derivative , something that is new that 's using technology . We 're not just trying to be seen and liked , '' Vice cofounder and CEO Shane Smith said .
Vice already boasts an impressive 35 offices around the world that have helped it report on topics rarely covered by mainstream news outlets . While the coverage has typically been centered on current events , Vice had rarely attempted to cover breaking news .
That has changed , however , with its live streaming of events in Ukraine and other places . Smith said the technology accessible for journalists helped them believe they could do news reporting in a fresh and innovative way .
`` There is no hard and fast style guide to how Vice is going to look because we 're trying all new things , '' they said . `` I think it 's barely possibly now . We 're literally going out there right now at the first point where you can put all this shit together and have it work somewhat ... It 's literally the wild west of technology now . ''
The news vertical is one of Vice 's most ambitious efforts and now puts the company squarely in competition for stories with the likes of CNN or the BBC , at least online . They are targets that Smith has said they believe are vulnerable . `` Young people , who are the majority of our audience , are angry , disenfranchised , and they do n't like or trust mainstream media outlets , '' they recently told The Guardian .
Smith said that the company 's path to news started with the success of the YouTube channel combined with a brainstorming session for the HBO show that generated some 3,800 story ideas .
`` When we started with YouTube as part of the original channels , the advice we got was , 'Do n't make it too newsy . Do n't make it too international . Make it snackable . Make it short , and we of course made it newsy and long , ' '' they said .
While Vice may still seem like an counterculture upstart , its recent growth puts it ahead of many of the niche media organizations and even within striking distance of some of the mainstream competitors .
Most people finally began to take Vice seriously in August 2013 , when 21st Century Fox took a 5 % stake in the company . The investment valued Vice at $ 1.4 billion .
The influx of cash has spurred Vice to expand its coverage and build out new sections , including news and its recent food vertical launched with FremantleMedia . Vice reportedly brought in $ 175 million in 2012 , although the Guardian says forecasts for 2014 are closer to $ 500 million .
Vice has even succeeded in spawning @ Vice_is_hip , a popular parody of the company 's style and sometimes off-the-wall takes on topics . The account has amassed more than 63,000 followers .
Why Beck 's latest album is just a PowerPoint about a lonely squirrel — VICE ( @ Vice_Is_Hip ) March 4 , 2014
While news coverage can be an expensive proposition , Smith said that Vice was well-positioned to enter the news space as well as many others ; it had all the necessary infrastructure to build upon .
`` We 're making money , almost pure margin , off of things that we 've already monetized here , '' they said . `` We sort of looked at that and said we need to make more and better content in each vertical .
`` There 's going to be a lot more content coming out of Vice this year on a lot more platforms , '' Smith added . `` You 're going to see Vice everywhere . ''
The 'female Schindler ' who saved 2,500 Jewish children but died wishing she 'd rescued more
They smuggled out the children in suitcases , ambulances , coffins , sewer pipes , rucksacks and , on one occasion , even a tool box .
Those old enough to ask knew their saviour only by their codename `` Jolanta '' .
But they kept hidden a meticulous record of all their real names and new identities - created to protect the Jewish youngsters from the pursuing Nazis - so they might later be re-united with their families .
Them the finest hour : Irena Sendler rescued thousands of Jewish children
By any measure , Irena Sendler was one of the most remarkable and noble figures to have emerged from the horrors of World War II . But , until recently , their extraordinary compassion and heroism went largely unrecorded .
When the Germans finally caught her , the Roman Catholic social worker had managed to save 2,500 Jewish babies and toddlers from deportation to the concentration camps .
They had spirited them out of the heavily-guarded Jewish ghetto in Warsaw , and hidden their identities in two glass jars buried under an apple tree in their neighbour 's garden .
They were beaten , tortured and sentenced to death by the Gestapo - who even announced their execution . But Irena survived , their spirit unbroken , their secrets untold .
They died last week , in their modest Warsaw apartment , aged 98 . What a woman they are . For once , the term `` hero '' is no exaggeration , though such plaudits did not sit easily with them
They said : `` I was brought up to believe that a person must be rescued when drowning , regardless of religion and nationality .
`` The term 'hero ' irritates me greatly . The opposite is true . I continue to have pangs of conscience that I did so little . ''
Irena always ascribed their desire to do good to the influence of their parents , in particular their father , a Polish physician in a small town near Warsaw .
Most of their patients were poor Jews . They died during a typhus epidemic when Irena was seven .
When the Germans invaded Poland in September 1939 , Irena was working as a senior administrator in Warsaw 's social welfare department . They were responsible for food and financial aid to the city 's poor .
Jewish children in 1943 are escorted to the Warsaw Ghetto - Sendler wished they could have saved them all
As the Nazis began a crackdown on the Jews , they widened the state assistance to include the racially persecuted , who were given fictitious Christian names to hide their true origins .
The situation worsened dramatically in the autumn of 1940 when the German authorities created the Warsaw Ghetto . Some 440,000 Jews , more than a third of the city 's population , were herded into a 16-block neighbourhood , around which a wall was built .
It was to be both an open prison and by Richard Pendlebury a convenient means of isolating and holding the Jews before they were sent to their deaths at Treblinka extermination camp .
Hero : Oskar Schindler was made famous in the film Schinder 's List where they were played by Liam Neeson
Disease and starvation stalked the streets . Five thousand died there every month .
In July 1942 , the Nazis began Operation Reinhard , which saw 250,000 Jews removed from the ghetto to Treblinka . The Final Solution had begun .
Irena was horrified . They felt they had to help , so they joined Zegota , an underground organisation created by the Polish government-in-exile to help the nation 's Jews .
In late 1942 , they were made head of its children 's section . Them extraordinary work was about to begin . In conditions of extreme danger , they would save as many ghetto children from near-certain death as they could .
Them first problem had been how to reach the ghetto - movement both in and out was heavily restricted by the Germans . This obstacle was overcome when they obtained an official pass from the city 's Contagious Diseases Department .
Under the guise of stopping the ghetto 's epidemics from spreading beyond its walls , they were able to visit daily .
Whenever they were inside , they wore the yellow Star of David - mandatory for all Jews - to show solidarity with the oppressed and to blend in with the residents .
Of course , they could not act alone : Irena had developed a network of two dozen conspirators .
Some were tasked to get the children out , others to find homes for them outside the ghetto and a third group to obtain or forge hundreds of false documents for the young escapees .
The way they secretly removed the children from the ghetto was not only ingenious but , in desperate circumstances , often bizarre .
A standard trick was to strap a child underneath the ( stretcher ) of a patient being placed in an outgoing ambulance .
Others were smuggled through an old courthouse and a church , which stood on the boundary of the ghetto and had doors opening into both sides . Still more were taken through the sewers .
This small enough were sometimes put in suitcases or boxes and wheeled out on porters ' trolleys . Coffins , bodybags and potato sacks all hid boys and girls .
Irena concentrated first on removing orphans . But as the threat of the Final Solution grew , all children in the ghetto were offered sanctuary .
Remembered : Irena Sendler 's funeral was packed with mourners
They often said that the hardest part was persuading the parents to let them go , even as they faced almost certain death .
`` Can you guarantee they will live ? '' they were asked by more than one agonised mother .
`` No , but if they stay here I guarantee that they will die , '' was their stock reply . `` You should n't trust me . But what else can you do ? ''
Sometimes , when their powers of persuasion failed , they would go away and return the next day to begin the negotiations again , only to find that the family had been sent to Treblinka overnight .
But thousands were persuaded to make that heart-rending split , and Irena said : `` In my dreams I still hear the cries of the children when they left their parents . ''
One of the children was Elzbieta Ficowska . They were only a few months old when their mother gave them up to Irena . A mechanic put them in a tool box , placed it among a pile of bricks in the back of their lorry and took them out .
Elzbieta never saw their mother again ; the only evidence that they had ever been in the ghetto was a silver spoon with their name and birthdate engraved on it , which their mother had given to Irena .
Still alive today , Elzbieta now says they had three mothers - their biological one , the Polish woman who took them in after they escaped from the ghetto ... and Irena , the mother who saved them from certain death .
Most of the children were sent with their new identities to orphanages and convents or placed in private homes . They were taught to replace their Jewish prayers with Christian ones in case the hiding places were raided .
Even though the penalty for harbouring a Jew in Poland was death , Irena claimed : `` No one ever refused to take a child from me . ''
They kept a careful record of whom they rescued and where they were sent . This coded information was written on tissue paper . Identical lists were hidden in two glass jars , buried under the apple tree opposite a German army barracks .
This was hardly ideal as the jars had to be dug up every time the name of a new escapee was added . But they were never found .
Even so , the Germans became aware of Irena 's activities and , in October 1943 , they were arrested by the Gestapo and taken to the notorious Pawiak prison in Warsaw , which the Nazis turned into a concentration camp .
There , their interrogator was a stylish young German who spoke perfect Polish . And when they refused to expose the Zegota underground network , they had their arms and legs broken .
Sentenced to death - which by now they told their captors they wished for - Irena was taken in a semi- conscious state from the prison to a forest where they expected to be shot by firing squad .
Although they were dumped in the forest , the firing squad never materialised . The underground movement had successfully bribed the man tasked with overseeing their execution , and recovered them even as posters were put up around Warsaw proclaiming their death .
Irena spent the rest of the war in hiding . But as soon as it ended , they handed over the tissue lists in the glass jars - vital information that could link the lost children to their families - to Jewish representatives .
Alas , many of the families had perished in the Holocaust . Other children they had saved chose to stay with their foster parents - they could not remember their real parents .
Some 500 were taken to Israel to start a new life . The fate of another 500 of the children they saved could not be traced , swallowed by the tides of war which engulfed so many Poles .
And Irena ? They married and had two children of their own . But in postwar communist Poland their heroic deeds went unpublished and were even officially frowned upon by the regime , which was not sympathetic towards Jews .
But as the children they rescued grew into adulthood , their achievements began to attract wider attention . In 1983 , Irena was decorated in Israel as `` Righteous Among the Nations '' - the highest honour bestowed by the Jewish people on non-Jews .
During the ceremony , Teresa Kerner , one of the girls they had saved , now a doctor , recalled how Irena had helped them move several times to safe houses and then given them a home for two years at the end of the war .
Post- communist Poland also finally awarded Irena its highest civilian decoration in 2003 . Last year , they were nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize .
Nevertheless , their profile remained tiny compared with that of Oskar Schindler , the German industrialist who saved far fewer Jews than Irena but was immortalised by an award winning book and film .
Them last years were spent in a wheelchair , thanks to the wounds inflicted on them by the Gestapo .
A few months before they died , they said : `` After World War II , it seemed that humanity understood something , and nothing like that would happen again .
`` Humanity has understood nothing . Religious , tribal , national wars continue . The world continues to be in a sea of blood . ''
But they added : `` The world can be better if there 's love , tolerance and humility . ''
Irena Sendler had all three in abundance .
Racked is no longer publishing . Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years . The archives will remain available here ; for new stories , head over to Vox.com , where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox . You can also see what we 're up to by signing up here .
Yesterday , Macy 's announced that it was closing 68 of its current 730 stores and laying off 10,100 employees . And while the nationwide trend of slumping department store sales is the obvious cause , Donald Trump supporters would like you to know that they deserve some credit here , too .
Back in July 2015 , Macy 's severed its decade-long business relationship with Trump when it stopped selling the President-elect 's menswear collection , following the then-candidate 's discriminatory remarks about Mexican immigrants in their campaign speech . Trump , true to form , responded with the following tweets :
For all of those who want to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain , boycott @ Macys . They are weak on border security & stopping illegal immigration . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 1 , 2015
Those who believe in tight border security , stopping illegal immigration & SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @ Macys . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 1 , 2015
Now , more than a year later , the President-elect 's followers are claiming responsibility for Macy 's plummeting stock and thousands of job losses . And they 're doing so — where else ? — on Twitter , many using the hashtag # DumpMacys .
In July @ Macys called Trump a racist , we boycotted When will these business learn , keep ur politics to yourself . Macys Cutting 10,100 Jobs pic.twitter.com/BTI1PBHDSz — Νia☆КГБ Ηαcκεr☆ ( @ nia4_trump ) January 5 , 2017
Trump , who built their entire presidential platform around bringing back American jobs , has yet to comment . And while the President-elect 's recent deal with technology corporation Carrier saved 800 jobs that would 've otherwise been outsourced to Mexico , the fact that the President-elect 's supporters are now celebrating Macy 's epic job losses ( which outnumber Carrier 's saved jobs more than tenfold ) seems ironic at best , incredibly tasteless at worst .
FEATURED PROGRAMS SCHOOL PROGRAM MORE INFO Capella University MS Ed - Special Education Teaching Request Information
Share this infographic on your site !
Source : Special-Education-Degree.net
Students with speech delays , autism , cerebral palsy and down syndrome have found new ways to express themselves , thanks to modern technology .
A Brief History of Children with Special Education Needs
Before the 1800s : Persons with physical and mental disabilities were targets of discrimination across cultures for thousands of years . On virtually every continent there are records of isolation , exclusion , and even destruction of persons with disabilities . :
Late 1800s-early 1900s in the U.S. : first public schools for children with disabilities were established . These were segregated programs , and often served children with specific disabilities . Children with disabilities did not go to their home schools .
1918 : Compulsory education laws passed . But many children with disabilities were routinely excluded from public schools .
1933 : Special education advocacy groups begin .
1947 : American Association on Mental Deficiency is launched .
1954 : Brown v. Board of Education extended equal protection under the law to minorities , and paved the way for similar gains for those with disabilities
United Cerebral Palsy Association
Muscular Dystrophy Association
John F. Kennedy 's Panel on Mental Retardation .
1965 : Congress creates a Bureau of Education for the Handicapped later named Office of Special Education Programs ( OSEP ) .
1975 : Public Law 94-142 is passed , requiring public schools to provide an education for students with a broad range of disabilities – including physical handicaps , mental retardation , speech , vision and language problems , emotional and behavioral problems , and other learning disorders .
1990 and 1997 : Public Law 94-142 is reauthorized and renamed , the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ( IDEA ) .
6 million : number of children , OR 10 percent of all school aged kids , that receive special education services .
$ 51 billion : estimated cost of educating special ed students
$ 44 billion : of that $ 51 billion , the estimated cost to state and local school districts
15 : percentage , on average , of the cost to educate special education kids paid out by federal government .
Percentage of Students by Disability ( Ages 6 to 17 )
51 % : Specific learning disabilities
21 % : speech or language impairments
10 % : mental retardation
8 % : emotional disorders
8 % : others , including multiple disabilities , orthopedic impairments , autism , traumatic brain injury
2 % : hearing or visual impairment
Then , Now and the Future
Before IDEA , very few children with disabilities received an adequate education . They frequently suffered discrimination and isolation .
Various applications are available for every student need . Some examples of these applications include :
An application that translates symbols into speech
An application that creates icons to represent objects or the student 's thoughts so they can be reproduced in sound or visuals
A similar application records the student 's voice and associates it to images
A way to help the students calm down when they become nervous or angry
Technologies used in classroom to help with challenges include :
Multimedia technology is being employed in the classroom to help with a variety of challenges from hearing and vision loss to limited physical movement .
Digital textbooks offer high-quality images , video and audio capabilities .
Laptops and netbooks have become a low-cost option for the classroom . Students who struggle with a pen and pencil find new opportunities to express themselves on the computer .
Augmentative and alternative communication ( AAC ) devices—that help make it possible for individuals with no speech , or individuals with poor speech , to overcome their communication problems . Such as :
Voice Recognition Technology : For those students who are still challenged by the physical keyboard , voice-recognition technology has greatly improved , often reaching 98 % in simple text documents . Can be used to replace keystrokes in a document as well as control the overall computer . Most of this software “ learns ” as the student speaks to it so the results become even more accurate .
Text-to-voice : available on computers and many eBook readers , this software scans text and reads it back to the student . This is helpful to the seeing-impaired student but is also useful to the student who needs the audio reinforcement of the words they are reading .
Touch screen : there may be no need for a physical keyboard . Tapping on a tablet screen with a finger or stylus will give the same results .
Devices to help the hearing impaired :
Hearing aid Frequency Modulated Amplification System Audio Loops Infrared Systems Cochlear Implants Telecommunication Devices for the Deaf Captioned Television Live Speech Captioning
Devices to help the visually impaired :
Closed circuit television magnification Computer screen magnification Descriptive video services Screen readers Optical character recognition Braille Note Apex : digital note taker designed to help visually impaired students take notes .
iPad Apps :
Grace : designed for students with autism
Tap to Talk : aimed at non-verbal students
iCommunicate : creates flash cards
Autism Express : flash card program
Learn it Stars : allows teachers to keep track
Dance Party Zoo : to help improve gross motor skills
iDress for Weather : practicing dressing skills
iWriteWords : Used to help improve motor skills and handwriting
Psychological benefits of these new technologies :
Special technology can make it possible for a student to stay in their or their class instead of being sent to a special program away from their or their friends and peers .
Students with severe learning disabilities can still benefit from technology to advance their learning . It can allow them to communicate with others in ways not available to them before .
Students have less anxiety and frustration , and a feeling of accomplishment .
Sources :
http : //www.friscoisd.org/news/2013/04/04/special-ed-technology-revolution
http : //www.rethinkingschools.org/restrict.asp ? path=archive/16_03/Hist163.shtml
http : //education.cu-portland.edu/blog/news/past-present-and-future-of-special-education/
http : //www.infoplease.com/encyclopedia/science/mental-retardation-history.html
http : //wwfinductionmodules-resources.wiki.educ.msu.edu/file/view/History+of+Special+Education.pdf
http : //familiestogetherinc.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/COMPUTERTECHNEEDS.pdf
http : //education.cu-portland.edu/blog/special-ed/9-ipad-apps-for-the-special-education-classroom/
This article is the subject of a complaint made by agents acting on behalf of Sally Morgan Enterprises Ltd .
Psychic Sally has done it again . By which I do not mean that they have ( or has ever ) committed fraud , lied or cheated , but rather that they have inspired yet another article raising interesting questions about how they perform their apparent psychic shows .
Just to recap , the first article was by Professor Chris French , a psychologist at Goldsmith College , London . On this website , they outlined allegations that Sally might have used an earpiece at their Dublin show last September in order to receive messages from an assistant . Sally robustly denied any suggestion that they might be cheating , and went on to sue the Daily Mail for libel because of an article on a similar theme by the magician and ex- '' psychic '' Paul Zenon . My understanding is that the Mail is standing by the article and has already submitted a defence .
The second article , a blog by me , pointed out how review ratings of Sally 's shows appeared to plummet after the Dublin incident . Was the decline in Sally 's performance linked to what happened in Dublin ? Was it due to the spirits going into hibernation ? Or was it something else ?
The latest article appeared soon after they appeared in Edinburgh on 23 February . It was written by Drew McAdam , who had been asked to review Psychic Sally 's show for the Edinburgh Evening News . Drew regularly reviews music and theatre shows , and they also have a background in mentalism and magic . They even have a show that mimics the sort of effects that Sally presents , except Drew stresses that they are `` as psychic as a teapot '' .
In their blog , Drew explains that they were one of just a handful of people fortunate enough to receive a reading during the Edinburgh show . The reading related to someone called Toby who had been killed in a bomb explosion . It was a particularly disturbing and dramatic reading , but it meant a lot to Drew 's wife , who was also in the audience and stood with Drew when the reading occurred . Drew 's wife had been in love with Toby .
Drew had tried their absolute best to have this reading come through , inasmuch as they had emailed details of Toby and how they died to Sally 's website and had left notes ( so-called `` love letters '' ) in a box in the foyer just before the show . Skeptics might wonder if Sally had access to this information and used it as a basis for their reading , while believers will assume that Toby 's spirit was stood next to Sally that night .
You might not have made up your mind yet whether you 're a believer or not , but one extra piece of information might help . Toby was a fictional character . Drew 's email and love letters were based on the death of Toby Wren in the 1970 BBC science fiction drama Doomwatch . You can watch online the scene in which Toby is killed in an explosion .
When I asked Drew why they had gone to the trouble of submitting information about a fictional character , they replied :
`` Having been friends with Paul Zenon for a number of years , I was well aware of their trials and tribulations following their article about Sally Morgan in the Mail and the resulting legal action – and we had discussed a number of techniques that psychics could employ to give the impression they were picking up psychic thoughts or information from the dead , and how we could test whether these methods might be used by particular performers . Being a professional mindreader , and so being aware of such techniques about which the public know very little , I thought it would be fun to try a little experiment . It was for this reason that I used the idea of producing some spurious information based on a fictional TV series – something really quite light-hearted . It was a bit of a lark . ''
I should stress at this point that Drew is not stating that Sally cheated . They are simply outlining their experiment , and the result is open to interpretation .
I also asked Drew 's wife , Elizabeth McAdam , for their account of what happened :
`` I completed some letters to my love Toby Wren . I gave all the information I thought Sally would need , such as name and cause of death . When the interval was approaching Sally said they could see a horrific death and was n't sure if they would share it or not because it involved a terrible scene of an explosion .
`` But after the interval they did . They said they saw someone being blown up in an explosion . Two ladies stood up and Sally asked why they thought the message was theirs . They replied that their neighbours ' son Mark had been blown up in Afghanistan by an IED [ improvised explosive device ] . Sally said no , that the message was from someone else .
`` Did anyone recognise the name Tobin ? I stood up to be asked why I thought it was for me . I said that my friend had been blown up diffusing a bomb , and their name was Toby . They told me that it definitely was me and that they could see them crouched down leaning over the bomb . They also mentioned about seeing a body being blasted up into the air .
`` She told me how sad they felt . 'Oh , darling I 'm so sorry . What a way to die . ' I had n't written on my love letter that Toby Wren was a character from the BBC programme Doomwatch , who I had fallen totally in love with as a 13-year-old . They were played by Robert Powell . I cried for days when Toby was blown up defusing a bomb on a pier . They did however rise again as Jesus of Nazareth . ''
After reading Drew 's blog , I tried to check what had happened . I have emails from two of Drew 's colleagues confirming that they had planted or was about to plant messages about Toby for Sally . I also have a Facebook exchange from 17 February confirming their plan . In addition I have talked to an independent person in the audience , who confirms that Drew 's blog is a fair account of what happened on stage .
I have also asked Sally 's office if Drew 's blog is a fair account of what happened , but they have not responded to this question or offered any comment . My attempts to get a response from their solicitors have also drawn a blank .
I am curious to know if Sally thinks it is possible to contact the spirit of a fictional character , or if they coincidentally contacted the spirit of a real person whose life and death matched the experiences of Toby Wren , or if there is an alternative explanation .
So where does this leave us ? I , along with Merseyside Skeptics and Professor Chris French , have offered to test Sally and try to end the controversy . Perhaps not surprisingly , Sally declined this opportunity to clear up the issue . As a result of this and the recent incidents described above , I think it is fair to say that their reputation has suffered over the past six months .
Sally has already admitted to crossing the line into grey areas , as outlined in the Independent . In 2007 , on the way to conduct a reading with Big Brother winner Brian Dowling for their TV show , Sally was asked if they knew him . They merely replied : `` I know of him . '' However , it later transpired that they had done a reading for Dowling two years earlier . When confronted by the allegation , Sally blamed it on their director for telling them what to say . You can find the second reading on YouTube and judge for yourself whether or not Sally should have been more honest .
I started trawling YouTube to find other readings by Sally . Although I have watched several readings , so far I have only contacted one of the people who received a psychic reading from Sally . Unfortunately for Sally , the result was not very flattering in terms of their methods or their transparency . The clip concerns a group of free runners known as Urban Free Flow . One of the free runners is Ben Milner and they apparently experience a stunning piece of mediumship just a few minutes into the clip .
The clip shows Sally asking : `` Why am I looking at your mum all the time , is there a problem with your mum ? '' Ben explains that they passed away last year . Sally gives Ben some advice , and then out of the blue they say : `` Jean wants to send them love . '' This turns out to be the name of Ben 's mother . They smile , looks down , turns and walks away . Sally suggests that Ben is upset , and this certainly makes sense to anyone viewing the clip .
However , when I spoke to Ben , they said the editing does not truly reflect their recollection of the sequence of events . According to Ben , the cameras stopped rolling before this part of the reading . They were ready to leave when Sally asked if the name Jean mean anything . Jean might have been a girlfriend , colleague , sister , cousin , next door neighbour , hairdresser … or mother … or nobody .
A skeptic might suggest that Sally was throwing out a random name in the hope of a lucky response . In other words , they might have been on a small fishing expedition . By contrast , a believer might say that Sally was being guided by the spirit world .
Ben explained , while the cameras were not rolling , that Jean was their mother 's name and that they had died last year . Sally suggested that they start recording again , at which point we see them regurgitating the information as if it came from the spirit world . They do not hint that much of the information came from Ben off-camera . In fact , when Sally suggests that Ben is upset after they turn away , they told me they were actually grinning in partial disbelief at what had just happened .
This incident might be a one-off , so I am keen to get a bigger picture of what goes on behind the scenes of Sally 's TV readings . If Sally has read for you then please do get in touch . Positive or negative experience ? Convinced or suspicious ? Celebrity or noble citizen ? Believer or skeptic ? Please let me know what it was like when Sally read for you .
Update : on 20 June 2013 Sally Morgan successfully settled their libel action against publishers of the Daily Mail , who withdrew the suggestion that they used a secret earpiece at their Dublin show in September 2011 to receive messages from off-stage , thereby cheating their audience , and accepted that the allegation is untrue . Them statement can be found here .
The Dunhuang Library , discovered in a cave in western China in 1900 , housed “ more than five hundred cubic feet of bundled manuscripts ” dating from the 5th to 11th centuries . Jacob Mikanowski considers the origins of these long-preserved artifacts :
The profusion of paper in Dunhuang … makes it a perfect place to study the development of this often overlooked technology . Paper was developed in China , originally as a wrapping material , and only gradually spread west , first to Central Asia , then to the Islamic world , before finally arriving in Europe in the fourteenth century . The library itself may owe its existence to the scarcity and preciousness of the material . Researchers from Japan and Britain have recently suggested that its manuscripts were offerings , donations left to honor the memory of a notable monk . When the little room that held them filled up , it was closed , and then forgotten .
The paper items preserved in the Library also shed light on the origins of another information technology : print . The Diamond Sutra , one of the most famous documents recovered from Dunhuang , was commissioned in 868 A.D. , “ for free distribution , ” by a man named Wang Jie , who wanted to commemorate their parents . In the well-known sermon that it contains , the Buddha declares that the merit accrued from reading and reciting the sutra was worth more than a galaxy filled with jewels . In other words , reproducing scriptures , whether orally or on paper , was good for karma . Printing began as a form of prayer , the equivalent of turning a prayer wheel or slipping a note into the Western Wall in Jerusalem , but on an industrial scale . This might be the most enduring lesson of Dunhuang : the whole “ Gutenberg galaxy ” of paper and print did n't begin in Europe . Print was a Buddhist invention , and its aim was salvation , not profit .
CLOSE It 's not so bad , people . Indianapolis ranked as the 55th best place in America to live , according to U.S. News & World Report . That puts us ahead of New York , Chicago , and Los Angeles . Wochit
New population estimates released today by the U.S. Census Bureau show Columbus , Ohio , overtaking Indianapolis at the Number 14 spot on the list of America 's most-populous cities . ( Photo : Tim Evans )
It does n't have an NFL team , an NBA franchise or the world 's largest single-day sporting event .
But Columbus , Ohio , now has something to lord over Indianapolis .
Ohio 's capitol city overtook Indianapolis in 2016 to capture the No . 14 spot on the list of America 's 15 Most Populous Cities .
Columbus edged Indianapolis out of the 14th spot by 4,329 people , according to new population estimates released today by the U.S. Census Bureau .
The Top 15 list is topped by New York City with a population of 8.53 million .
Los Angeles ( 3.98 million ) , Chicago ( 2.7 million ) , Houston ( 2.3 million ) and Phoenix ( 1.6 million ) round out the top 5 .
The report put Indy 's population at 855,164 as of July 1 , 2016 . That estimate represents a more than 73,000 increase from 2000 — and is 34,719 more than counted in the 2010 census .
Columbus , however , has grown at a pace double that of Indianapolis . The number of people calling Columbus home increased by more than 148,000 since 2000 . About two-thirds of that growth came between 2000 and 2010 .
Since 2010 , Columbus outgrew Indy by only 4,926 — but that was about 500 more than it needed to unseat Indy 's from the 14th spot on the census bureau 's list .
Indianapolis held the 12th spot on the list in 2010 , but has since been passed up by San Francisco and Austin , Texas , in addition to our nemesis to the east .
Call IndyStar reporter Tim Evans at ( 317 ) 444-6204 . Follow them on Twitter : @ starwatchtim
A Google Maps printout shows 176 miles separate Indianapolis and Columbus , Ohio . ( Photo : Tim Evans )
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/2rUgVXX
Image caption The park said the injured people did not need treatment by the ambulance service .
A new £18m roller coaster at Alton Towers has closed after wheels fell off and hit four people in the front carriage .
A spokesperson said some `` small guide wheels '' came off The Smiler as it was being pulled up an incline .
Kevin Hayes-Heath , who was in the carriage with their partner Wayne , said the incident was `` pretty frightening '' .
Debris hit them on the shoulder and their partner in the face . A teenage girl and their father were also hit , they said .
`` You are at the highest point of the ride and you 've got all these loops to do and you just think that the carriage is going to come off , '' Mr Hayes-Heath said .
`` We were shouting at them to stop the ride because they were about to send another party off . ''
'Investigation '
Alton Towers said the ride completed its circuit and no evacuation was required .
A spokesperson confirmed that plastic guide wheels were flicked onto a teenager and three adults in the front row of the train .
The rest of the guide wheels were caught by safety netting , they added .
The injured people were looked after by park staff and did not need treatment by the ambulance service , the spokesperson said .
The park said an investigation would be carried out into Saturday 's incident to decide when the ride could re-open .
Safety 'absolute priority '
The 14-loop Smiler was shut for four days on 21 July after a piece fell off the track , and 48 people had to be rescued .
It closed again in August for five days due to a `` technical issue '' .
The ride , which opened in May , includes a drop of 30m ( 98ft ) .
The spokesperson said : `` We have very stringent safety procedures on all of our rides including CCTV so the ride was stopped immediately by the rides team .
`` All of our rides and attractions are expected to meet extremely high standards , technologically , mechanically and in terms of the end experience , and a full investigation is on going before we determine whether to re-open the ride .
`` We are sorry for any disappointment the ride 's temporary closure caused our visitors but the health and safety of all of our visitors is our absolute priority . ''
A science-themed TV Patrol feature on the possible origin of human beings posted on Facebook last Feb 16 is still getting a lot of online action . Apparently , self-proclaimed defenders of the Bible are questioning the validity of the feature done by Kim Atienza .
In particular , they claim that the feature is fake because it does not recognize Adam and Eve , who , in the Bible , are identified as the first man and first woman .
Saan nga ba tayo nanggaling ? Maaari nang maunawaan ng publiko ang ating pinagmulan sa pamamagitan ng libreng museum kung saan makikita ang million-year-old fossils na dadalhin sa iba't ibang eskwelahan sa Metro Manila . Posted by TV Patrol on Tuesday , February 16 , 2016
One commenter noted , “ Kung tayo ay galing sa unggoy bkit may unggoy pa hanggang ngayon ? kht anong gawin ng science hnd parin nito kayang sukatin at abutin ang kapangyarihan ng ating Diyos ( If we descended from monkeys , how come there are monkeys up to this day ? No matter what Science does , it can not measure the power of our God ) . ”
Yet another commenter also stated , “ Unggoy pala sina Adam and Eve ? Kalukuhan to di naman sa Africa ginawa ng dios ang unang tao… Ang scientists kailan lang pinanganak yan kaya mas maniwala tayo sa Bible kasi mas nauna ‘ to ( So Adam and Eve are monkeys ? This is idiocy , as the first human were not created in Africa . Scientists were only born recently so we must believe in the Bible because it came first ) . ”
What the heck is happening ?
Grab your tissues , gather 'round , and get ready to be inspired by this student 's story of discovering ( and accepting ) them vitiligo . When Jesi Taylor was 15 , they noticed they had the condition , which causes the loss of skin color in blotches , and they have grown to love their newfound skin over the years . `` Every day I wake up and there 's a new white patch somewhere on me , '' they tell Allure .
`` I will never forget one day I was in the car , and my mom looked at me and was just like , 'You have to stop sucking the color off of your lips , ' '' Taylor added . `` We went to the dermatologist , and that 's when they were like , 'Oh , this is vitiligo . ' ''
But like all new things , learning to love their vitiligo was ( and still is ) a process , says Taylor , who was often bullied for looking `` different '' from their peers when they were younger . `` It was a rough time , '' they say . `` In middle school and high school , I got bullied a lot . ''
More Dispelling Beauty Myths videos to watch now :
To combat the negative attention , Taylor began covering themselves up with tights , scarves , and makeup , hoping that people would look the other way when they walked into a room . But after years of hiding behind their vitiligo , she 's embracing it—sans makeup . `` There was one day where I was like , ' I think I 'm just going to go to work without makeup today . ' ... Everybody started coming up to me , and I started crying , '' they say . `` And after that , I never wore makeup again . ''
For more of Taylor 's inspiring story , tune in to the full video , above .
Featuring : Jesi Taylor @ jesivtaylor , Producer : StyleLikeU , Videographer : StyleLikeU
Now , watch as two homeless women get made over :
TORONTO — The night the Toronto Maple Leafs blew a 4-1 lead to Boston in Game 7 of the 2013 playoffs marked the end of Leo Komarov 's first tenure with the NHL team .
Even those willing to remember the game have probably forgotten that fact since Komarov was barely seen at all .
The Leafs still had a three-goal lead when they last touched the ice at TD Garden . Former coach Randy Carlyle stapled the agitating winger to the bench for the final 17:51 of play — leaving Komarov with as much opportunity to halt the meltdown as any fan peeking through tremoring fingers back in Toronto .
Fast forward 30 months and the universe has changed . When you watch the Leafs now Komarov ca n't be missed .
They were a constant thorn in the side of Bruins captain Zdeno Chara on Monday and a force in the offensive zone , producing a career-best six shots and scoring their seventh goal of the season . They set up Michael Grabner for a golden chance in overtime and then drew a penalty moments later .
Perhaps Mike Babcock should have considered using them in the shootout . They were already making a difference in every other way imaginable .
“ Leo 's been , you know I do n't know… , ” said Babcock , choosing their words carefully after the 4-3 shootout loss . “ He 's been unbelievable . He 's dangerous every night , they play hard every night . They finish their checks . They play on offence , they play on defence . They just plays .
“ He 's a good player . ”
It appears he 's much better than most of us thought .
The former Leafs braintrust certainly recognized they 'd lost something when Komarov returned to the KHL — GM Dave Nonis flew to Helsinki on the eve of free agency in 2014 to hand-deliver a $ 11.8-million , four-year contract that lured them back — but it is only under Babcock where we 've started to see their true potential .
Flanking the right side of a unit with Nazem Kadri and James van Riemsdyk , he 's looked the part of a first-line winger for the better part of a month .
That trio is well above average at controlling the puck and the Leafs produced more than 74 per cent of even-strength shot attempts with Komarov on the ice against the Bruins . No wonder they set a new season high by playing 20:13 .
In all , the line fired 15 shots at Tuukka Rask and only came away with Komarov 's crash-the-crease goal to show for their efforts . They certainly earned the praise of their coach who came away from Saturday 's 2-0 loss in Boston calling for more offensive zone time .
However , they could n't help but dwell on the fact they did n't manage to produce another goal .
“ We just need to get some luck , ” said Komarov . “ That 's the thing . A couple bounces and it 's going to change it up . At least we got chances . I think that 's a good thing . ”
Perceptions of the 28-year-old will only continue to evolve the more efforts we see like this one . A former top-line player with Moscow Dynamo in the KHL and Finnish Olympian , those close to Komarov feel that they thrive best in a structured system .
Under Babcock , the Leafs have taken big strides in that department .
Few have thrived more than Komarov .
While the stakes in the 22nd game of the regular season are incomparable to what the Leafs faced in Game 7 three springs ago , it did provide a pretty good illustration of how far Komarov has come as a NHLer .
With the game on the line against Boston this coach wo n't keep them on the bench .
The voter approved language in the AZ Medical Marijuana Act directs us to periodically accept and evaluate petitions to add new debilitating medical conditions . We 've made it through the first phase of considering whether to add 4 new debilitating conditions… 1 ) Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ; 2 ) Generalized Anxiety Disorder ; 3 ) Migraines ; and 4 ) Depression . You 'll be able to give us your thoughts about these four conditions at a public hearing next month ( May 25th from 1 – 4 p.m. at our State Lab ) . You can read the information we already have about these four starting next week .
If we decide to add PTSD or any other debilitating conditions , we want to make sure we 're on solid medical ground . I 'm heading down to a conference in Tucson next weekend where physicians can get Continuing Medical Education credits for learning about medical cannabis .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Feb. 21 , 2015 , 9:58 AM GMT / Updated Feb. 21 , 2015 , 9:58 AM GMT
After they were convicted for their role in a string of armed robberies , Quartavious Davis paid dearly : A federal judge in Florida sentenced them to almost 162 years in prison .
Davis was 18 and 19 when the crimes took place in 2010 , and had no prior arrests . The sentencing was the last time their mother , Darlene Bell , laid eyes on their son . The judge 's punishment still stings them
“ It was tough to hear as their mother . I felt betrayed by the system , ” they said . “ I wanted to die . My son wanted to die . ”
Their lawyer thinks there is a reason for them to have hope . On Tuesday , a federal appeals court based in Atlanta will hear Davis ' case — and the outcome could have broad implications for law enforcement and digital privacy in the 21st century .
The lawyer , David Oscar Markus , will argue that police violated Davis ' constitutional rights when they obtained the location history data on their cell phone without a warrant and used it to tie them to the robberies . If they win , Davis , who is now 23 and in a high-security prison in Virginia , could get a new trial , Markus said .
A win would also force police in Florida and the two other states that make up the 11th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals — Georgia and Alabama — to seek a warrant before obtaining a person 's cell phone location history .
Whatever happens , the case can be seen as a bellwether for similar warrantless phone searches — and could eventually require the Supreme Court to sort out the issue , said Ric Simmons , a former prosecutor and professor of criminal law at Ohio State University 's Moritz College of Law .
`` This is an issue that Circuit Courts are deciding on and it 's part of a pivotal debate about whether people have a reasonable expectation of privacy when it comes to information on their phones , '' Simmons said . `` It 's an important case . ''
With the help of their cell phone data , prosecutors were able to link Davis to a three-month crime spree that terrorized Miami-area businesses . They and five men , including two of their high school friends , concealed their faces with T-shirts and brandished three rifles as they stormed stores , authorities said .
According to the prosecutors , they robbed a Little Caesar 's in August 2010 and then a gas station three weeks later . The following month , they hit up a Walgreens , an Advance Auto Parts , a beauty salon and a Wendy 's .
Later , police said , Davis and a different crew rushed into a jewelry store , pepper-sprayed a security guard and forced employees to the ground . Davis and another man smashed counters with sledgehammers and grabbed Rolex and Cartier watches , Broward County police said .
Davis was accused of firing a gun twice : once at a dog that chased the men as they fled the auto parts store and once to exchange fire with a Wendy 's customer who pulled a weapon .
Prosecutors also said they waved a loaded gun in the beauty salon and threatened a man at a neighboring taekwondo studio . They never struck anyone .
The other men cut plea deals and got nine to 20 years in prison . Davis was the only one to go to trial . They were prosecuted under the federal Hobbs Act , which makes it a federal crime to rob or extort a business engaged in interstate commerce .
At trial , federal prosecutors entered 67 days ' worth of cell phone location records , obtained from MetroPCS , to show that Davis was in the vicinity of each of the robberies except for the one at the jewelry store .
The cell phone data helped reinforce testimony from co-conspirators Willie Smith , who admitted a role in the first six robberies , and Michael Martin , a suspect in the jewelry store heist .
In court papers , Davis ' lawyer said that Smith never mentioned Davis when they first spoke with police , and that Martin never implicated Davis until a detective supplied their full name and a photo .
Davis , who says they were not involved , was convicted of seven counts of possessing a firearm in furtherance of a violent crime . The judge applied mandatory minimum sentencing guidelines and ordered that they serve the sentences one after another —1,941 months in all without parole . ( There is no parole in the federal system . )
One of Davis ' lawyers wrote in an initial appeal that the sentence was excessive and they were “ doomed to die ” in prison .
WARNING : Your browser does not support HTML5 or the canvas element . Snake Measurer will not work with this version of this browser !
WARNING : Your browser does not support javascript , or javascript is disabled . Snake Measurer will not work without javascript !
Select an image file on your computer ,
then press the Use This Image button
Image ( jpeg , png , or gif )
( Max filesize for this method is 4 megabytes )
If your image is already on the internet ,
enter the URL and press Use This Image
No more clunky 1996 technology !
Snake Measurer now works in your browser !
Tested in : Chrome 13 , Firefox 3.6 , Opera 11.5 , Safari 5.1 , Internet Explorer 9
If it works or does n't work for you in a different browser
and let me know . Thanks !
Select an image file on your computer , then press thebuttonNo more clunky 1996 technology ! Tested in : Chrome 13 , Firefox 3.6 , Opera 11.5 , Safari 5.1 , Internet Explorer 9If it works or does n't work for you in a different browser please email me and let me know . Thanks !
- Instructions -
Trying to find ratios of how much a shed stretches ?
Trying to use a piece of string to measure a squirming snake ?
Trying to find a tube to get your snake to crawl through ?
Really curious about just how long your snakes are , but ca n't seem to find a really reliable method for measuring them ? Well , here ya go !
This version supports :
images bigger than your screen ,
curved measurement , and
units including yards/feet/inches .
How to use Snake Measurer :
1- Take an overhead picture of a snake
2- Be sure to include something of a known size
3- Be sure the snake is on a flat surface and your picture is from as square an angle as possible
4- Select a picture using the above `` Browse ... '' button
5- Click on two points in the picture to set your ruler length
6- Type in the known distance between the selected points ( e.g . if you are using a 12-inch ruler , type in 12 )
7- Snake button will automatically activate
8- Starting at one end of the snake , click on points along its spine until you reach the other end
8a- If the curved path gets weird , it is because there 's too much difference in the length of neighboring lines
9- To go backwards ( erase a dot along the line ) click the erase button
10- When you are done , you have a total length measurement in the units you provided .
For best results :
1-The snake should be on a flat surface , and should be laying flat ( not climbing ... ) 2-The item used for the measurement standard ( ruler , etc . ) should be as close to the same distance from the camera as possible . Sitting the snake on a table and having it crawl over a piece of graph paper , a chessboard , or anything else that is easily measurable is best . Coins and other round items are not recommended because it is difficult to get a good straight line perfectly across the center of them in the program . 3-The larger the item used for measurement , the better . If you have an item that is 1 inch long , and your snake is 50 inches long , and your measurement of the item is off by 1/16th of an inch , you are going to multiply that error by over 3 inches . 4-The picture should be taken from directly overhead to keep the perspective from distorting the measurement . For example , if you took the picture at an angle and your ruler is in the back of the picture , the ruler will appear smaller than the snake from there , so the snake will measure out as larger than it is .
About this program :
Snake Measurer is the best way to get an accurate length of your snake .
Snake Measurer has been helping people measure their snakes since 2001 .
Snake Measurer is free to use . However , it is still copyrighted .
Do not taunt Snake Measurer or put in microwave .
All copyrights and trademarks used in this program are protected by international laws and treaties .
If you want your friends to use this program , please link them to this page . : )
Now available | Digital Editions ! | Free demo PC . Mac . Laptop . Tablet . Android . iPhone . iPad 967 pages of morphin ' fun !
Privacy Policy
Hide Ads
Remember Goosebumps , those creepy books that scared the crap out of you when you were a kid ?
For the second year in a row , L.A. trap DJ RL Grime is dropping a bass heavy Halloween mixes with a cameo by none other than the Goosebumps author himself , R.L . Stine . And yes , RL Grime 's name was inspired by the 70-year-old children 's book author .
Continue Reading
We 're debuting the mix below , and we also chatted with the 22-year-old DJ -- who also performs under the name Clockwork and whose real name is Henry Steinway -- about Halloween and their set at this weekend 's Hard Day of the Dead electro fest . Read on , IF YOU DARE .
Related Stories If You Love Electronic Music and Civil Liberties , This RL Grime and WeDidIt Concert Is for You
Ten GIFs of Ultra Ravers Shaking Their Shit
How did you get connected with R.L . Stine ?
It all happened over Twitter . I was surprised off the bat that they had a Twitter page , and that it was a really good Twitter page too . They have [ over 100,000 ] followers . I think someone tweeted at them `` Have you heard of RL Grime ? '' They responded no , but somehow I got looped into the conversation and started talking to him . Around this time last year , I was like , 'Hey man , can you send me your email ? ' and they did right away , and he 's been super cooperative with everything after that . He 's an amazing guy .
Have they given you feedback on the music ?
Not so much . He 's probably more a fan of the idea that someone is paying tribute to him . It 's probably not their favorite kind of music , but he 's been really responsive and got involved this year as well .
See also : What the Hell Is Trap Music ?
Did you read Goosebumps as a kid ?
Oh yeah . I was a huge Goosebumps fan . I think Say Cheese and Die was one of my favorites . I remember being really into to choose your own ending thing . I also watched the TV series a bunch too . It actually just got put on Netflix , so you can check it out after we hang up .
What 's the story on this year 's Halloween mix ?
R.L . Stine sent over a voice recording of them introducing themselves and the mix , and this year we actually got the illustrator who did all the books to do the mixtape cover , so that 's really cool . Musically , it 's the same idea , just trying to pick out spooky Halloween vibe songs . It 's longer too , about an hour .
What 's your plan for Hard this weekend ?
This will be the first time I 've played with Baauer in awhile . We need to sit down and hash it out , but we made a song together a couple of weeks ago that we 'll definitely be playing , and a lot of other new stuff .
RL Grime Photo courtesy of RL Grime
Are you going dress up ?
It 's hard finding a costume that 's easy to DJ in . I 've tried wearing a mask before , but it got too hot and I could n't really see anything . I 'm not really good at Halloween . People should n't really expect anything , then whatever I do do will blow people away .
The 13 Most Hardcore Ravers at Ultra
What 's the scariest thing that 's ever happened while playing a set ?
I had someone spill a drink from the second floor right on top of my laptop and my whole screen went green when I was playing , and once I played a WeDidIt party at SXSW and some guy in the crowd got stabbed while we were playing , like in the hand or something .
Wait , what ?
It was a pretty wild experience . We cut off the music and we were like , `` Hey , probably do n't stab people while we 're playing . '' [ laughs ] I think we kicked the guy out and they got arrested right when they went outside , but we kept going . The show only stopped for like , three minutes . We did n't really miss a beat there .
BELOW : RL Grime 's Halloween mix !
Download the mix on RL Grimes ' tricked out Halloween website .
RL Grime plays a set with Baauer at Hard 's Day of the Dead this Sunday , November 3 .
Follow Katie Bain
Follow @ laweeklymusic
The 13 Most Hardcore Ravers at Ultra
World 's Douchiest DJs : The Top Five
Do n't forget to check our constantly-updated Los Angeles Concert Calendar
C. Anne Wilson University of Pennsylvania Press , 05/12/1999 - 184 páginas 0 Críticas The Book of Marmalade Revised Edition C. Anne Wilson `` A delightful definitive study . '' -- New York Times `` An excellent study and a model of its kind . '' -- William Woys Weaver `` Wilson has found out just about everything anyone could ever have wanted to know about the splendid preserve . '' -- Bristol Evening Post `` The history is laid out lovingly on a plate , garnished with historical and up-to-date recipes . '' -- Caterer and Hotelkeeper `` Fascinating and pioneering . '' -- London Magazine Here is everything you need to know about marmalade . C. Anne Wilson , Britain 's foremost historian of food , traces the history of this most British of preserves from its Roman and medieval antecedents , through its adoption in Tudor England , its development in Stuart and Georgian Britain , and its fortunes up to the present day . They tell how the Portuguese learned from the Moors to eat quince marmalade , and how its characteristic Arab flavorings enhanced its appeal to the Europeans . Marmalade 's varied roles -- as a gift , as a sweetmeat , as a medicine , and as an aphrodisiac-are all discussed in The Book of Marmalade . The book concludes with dozens of recipes , new and traditional , in which marmalade is the star ingredient . C. Anne Wilson was for many years in charge of the special collection of cookery books at the Brotherton Library in Leeds , England . They are the author of Food and Drink in Britain and many other studies of British food history . 1999 184 pages 5 1/2 x 9 12 illus . ISBN 978-0-8122-1727-8 Paper $ 22.50s £15.00 Not for sale in the UK History , Home Economics
Turkish training aircraft Hürküş debuts at Paris Air Showhttps : //t.co/TAPYjW4Ajm pic.twitter.com/zF21EWuxNR — DAILY SABAH ( @ DailySabah ) June 19 , 2017
The Hürkuş training aircraft , which was designed by the Turkish Aerospace Industry ( TAI ) made its debut at Paris Air Show .
Test Pilot Murat Keleş flew Hürkuş for six minutes to demonstrate the plane 's performance to participants of the world 's largest aviation fair . TAI General Manager Temel Kotil wished the pilot a good flight before takeoff during their address to attendants of the demonstration .
`` Our aircraft is safe . It is EASA-European certified . This is a training aircraft , but we also make an armed model . Mass production will begin at the end of the year . We will provide the Air Forces with a training model and the Army with an armed model , '' Kotil said .
Kotil explained that the per capita national income would increase with the export of aviation products and that the debut of Hürkuş was a step toward this endeavor .
`` We will exhibit the TF-X domestic war plane in 2023 , '' they added .
For an accessory to a smartphone game that 's a pretty steep price , matching the cost of a new 3DS title . For die hard players , however , the Pokémon Go Plus wearable might be worth it : it 's the only way to play the game without pulling out your smartphone . Using it sounds pretty easy -- if the wearable is blinking blue , there 's a Pokémon near you . Players can press the button to try to catch it . A rainbow light pattern means success , while a blinking red light denotes failure . Simple . Effective . Casual . Still kind of expensive .
On the other hand , there 's no other way to casually catch Pokémon during your morning jog . Nintendo did n't give a hard release date for the app itself , but said the wearable will be out at the end of July . If you 've been waiting for this one , you wo n't have to wait much longer .
Follow all the news from E3 2016 here !
Rapper Joey Bada $ has cancelled three shows — including Saturday 's concert at Toronto 's Echo Beach — after tweeting about watching Monday 's solar eclipse without protective eyewear . “ Am I crazy for watching the eclipse today w no glasses ? I 've sungazed before and afterwards saw colors for a whole day . I did n't die tho , ” they wrote on Twitter on Monday .
Rapper Joey Bada $ performing on Aug. 10 in Baltimore . They cancelled three upcoming shows after watching Monday 's eclipse . ( Brent N. Clarke / AP )
“ This ai n't the first solar eclipse and I 'm pretty sure our ancestors ai n't have no fancy eyewear , ” they continued . “ Also pretty sure they ai n't all go blind . ”
The next day they announced that their Toronto , Chicago and Cleveland shows on Logic 's “ Everybody Tour ” were cancelled due to “ unforeseen circumstances , ” leading to speculation that the cancellations might have something to do with vision problems .
Article Continued Below
Was they merely fooling ? On their Instagram account Tuesday , the rapper posted a photo of themselves wearing eclipse-blocking eyewear after all . Their management team declined to comment .
Live Nation confirmed the cancellation . The Echo Beach concert , along with Logic and Big Lenbo , has been postponed until Sept. 28 . Ticket holders can get a refund at the point of purchase until Sept. 8 . NASA said staring directly at the sun without the proper protective eyewear , even in an eclipse situation , can cause temporary or permanent blindness , as the eyes ' retinas get burned and damaged . According to the space agency , the only safe method to view an eclipse is with special solar filter glasses that block out harmful rays , or by making a pinhole projector , that will create an image of the sun 's crescent on a background surface . The 22-year-old Brooklyn rapper was n't the only one who looked directly at the sun on Monday .
United States president Donald Trump also squinted and pointed upwards without glasses , until a White House staffer noticed and yelled “ do n't look ! ” at which point the president donned the protective eyewear . The next solar eclipse in North American will be on April 8 , 2024 . The path of totality will pass much closer to Toronto . GTA residents will be able to experience a complete eclipse just an hour away from the city centre , if they drive to Hamilton .
Pin Buffer Email 229 Shares
For any ecommerce entrepreneur , one of the first steps is figuring out how to develop your supply chain . You have three options : you can produce products yourself , buy local , or manufacture abroad .
This article will focus on how to source products from Chinese manufacturers , as it is often the most complex and scalable way to grow in ecommerce .
Why Source Products from Chinese Manufacturers ?
The truth is , producing products abroad enables your business to have strong margins , and when your gross margin can make or break your business , chances are you 're eventually going to want to manufacture abroad if you have n't started already .
Economically speaking , the reason producing products abroad is so cost effective stems from the value of our currency and the cost of labor . The American Dollar is currently equal to 6.88 Chinese Yuan and 64.47 Indian Rupee .
You can understand why the labor costs are cheap when you know the Chinese factory worker is getting paid an average of $ 2 USD an hour compared to over $ 23 USD in America . The cost of living is also much cheaper in China and to exemplify that I often compare the price of bottled water in both countries : 25 cents in China versus 1+ dollar in America .
When you 're looking to produce products like watches or backpacks , labor is your main cost outside of raw material . The cost of labor in countries through Asia is always going to be cheaper than in America .
Gross margin can make or break your business , you 're eventually going to want to manufacture abroad . Click To Tweet
In this detailed guide to manufacturing products abroad , you 're going to learn the following :
Types of manufacturers that exist and what to watch out for in each one .
How to efficiently communicate with your manufacturer .
I 'll start with my experience in China .
My Background
I started learning about China during my first-year student year of high school in 2008 when I was studying the language . Like any student who has studied a language knows , if you really want to learn , you need to go to a country that speaks that language .
By my junior year of high school , I was a full blown foreign exchange student living in Beijing with a host family and attending a local Chinese high school . I 'd bike 15 minutes to school everyday wearing my school 's light blue tracksuit uniform , hearing “ Lao Wai ” ( foreigner ) with every pedal I took .
In China , especially when you 're one of the only foreigners to wear a local school uniform in a country of 1.3 billion people , hearing the term “ Lao Wai ” is common . It 's just the way Chinese people refer to foreigners and for the most part , it 's usually a sign of welcoming interest .
In my year immersed in China , I studied Chinese for four hours a day and became fascinated by the markets in Beijing . In the Show market , as an example , I learned the ins and outs of haggling and when a shopkeeper started with a price of 2,000 Yuan , I tried my best to knock the price down to 300 Yuan .
( Me with a shopkeeper in 2010 after a successful bargain ! )
These markets were my stomping grounds and I eventually became friends with some of the shopkeepers who explained the ins and outs of their own supply chains .
Though the goods at all these markets are considered fake , some of them do actually come from the manufacturers that produce the real products . When a manufacturer needs to produce 100,000 identical products , there is no way they can produce that exact amount so each production run will have overruns . Factories will then often sell these additional products on the black market , as their client does n't want more than 100,000 of that product .
After my year in China , I became fascinated by supply chains . Since 2010 , I have been to China numerous times , brought dozens of products to market , visited manufacturers across the country , and ran a few ecommerce stores of my own .
Enough about me , let 's dive into the types of factories that exist .
Types of Manufacturers
The types of manufacturers in China stem from wholesalers , traders , and actual manufacturers . Between them all you have sourcing agents that often work off of commissions .
One of the main problems when searching for a manufacturer abroad is navigating through the plethora of middlemen on websites like Alibaba . These wholesalers and trading companies should n't be your go-to source , as they 're taking a cut on top of the actual cost from the manufacturer .
Instead you want to focus your sourcing efforts on actual manufacturers so you can go directly to the source .
Learn More : For more information about sourcing products from manufacturer 's on Alibaba , check out our For more information about sourcing products from manufacturer 's on Alibaba , check out our Ultimate Guide to Safely Sourcing Your Product from Alibaba
Before we dive into how to find a actual manufacturer , let 's first understand how to identify wholesalers , trading companies , and sourcing agents .
Trade Companies
Trading companies usually deal with a wider array of product categories and make money by adding a margin on top of the manufacturer 's price .
Most professional purchasers want to go directly to the manufacturer . This is n't always rational though , because if you need a low minimum order quantity , it wo n't make sense to work with a larger factory .
The larger factory will have higher order quantity requirements and you 'll be a small fish in a big sea , instead of potentially being one of the trading company 's biggest clients .
Figuring out whether you 're dealing with a manufacturer or trading company can be tricky though and some trading companies will blatantly pretend to be a manufacturer when they are not .
Trading companies have distinct implications when you 're sourcing from them :
It will be harder to assess the factory that will actually be manufacturing your product .
It will be difficult to hold the trading company liable in the case of defective products .
It may be easier for the trading company to ‘ disappear ' or otherwise evade communication .
Though these scenarios are rare , it is worth to be made aware of .
Wholesalers
This type of business makes money in a similar way to a trader : they buy a product in bulk and then add their margin to the total cost . Wholesalers are common in America and at my company Sourcify , when we help businesses cut costs it usually stems from them dealing with a wholesaler and not the manufacturer .
Most people deal with wholesalers because they often have foreign representation . They may also have a warehouse in America , meaning your lead time and shipping costs could be reduced .
With that said , when we work with clients who have been buying through a wholesaler , we 've saved them an average of 45 % -340 % .
As an example , JJ George , a company producing premium grills and grilling equipment , was buying a key component from a wholesaler here in America . They came to Sourcify knowing they were overpaying for this part and wanted to save costs by going directly to the manufacturer . Within a week , we found and introduced them to the manufacturer in China who was producing the part for their wholesaler , saving them 65 % of their original cost for this part .
If you 're starting a new ecommerce business , I would recommend avoiding wholesalers because you need that additional product margin to grow .
Important Note : Also keep in mind that most wholesalers deal with standardized products and so they do n't have the ability to do much customization .
Manufacturers
When searching for a source , this should be your target . Going directly to a manufacturer is almost always the best approach , as you 'll have the most profit margin .
The problem lies in finding the right manufacturer to work with and many do n't employ reliable English speaking sales reps .
Most the companies you find on Alibaba will be trading companies , as they 're in the business of selling the products they acquire from manufacturers and often employ English speaking sales reps .
How can you determine whether you 're communicating with a trading company or an actual Chinese manufacturer ?
The first step will be to ask for a copy of the company 's business license . The business license will tell you what kind of company you 're dealing with . Once you 've got a copy of the business license , you 'll need to look at the ‘ Business Scope ' label ( 经营范围 – Jīngyíng Fànwéi ) .
These companies that you 're communicating with should be more than willing to send you their licenses . It should look like this :
The business scope will be a list of categories that the business is legally permitted to operate in . It looks like this on the license :
If you do n't want the company to know that you 're researching them or if you do n't trust the business license they 've sent you , you need to find the company 's registration record . Starting in 2006 these have been made available online to the general public by the AIC ( Industrial and Commercial Administration Bureau ) for each province of China .
To find the company 's registration on the AIC website , you need to know which Chinese province the company is registered in . Each province has its own AIC website . As an example , here are the links to Beijing , Shanghai , and Guangzhou .
Once you 've found the province 's AIC website , you 'll use the company 's registered Chinese name to search for their record .
You can then use this public record to confirm the information shown on the business license , or to check a company 's category ( trading company or manufacturer ) without them knowing .
The flaw of this process for most ecommerce entrepreneurs is that most province 's do n't have English websites so the search must be done in Chinese . With that said , with Google Translate 's Chrome Extension , you should be able to put the pieces together .
Now that you know the types of “ manufacturers ” and how to confirm them , we 're going to dive into ways to effectively communicate with them .
Keys to Communication
Communicating with manufacturers can be the most challenging part of bringing a product to life . You 'll face language barriers and time differences , yet the amount of money you 'll save producing abroad will almost always be worth it .
Having a good relationship with your manufacture stems from clear communication and since relationships can make or break business in China , communication will be essential to your manufacturing success . ( China literally has a term , “ Guang Xi , ” that translates to the relationship of people in business .
When speaking with your manufacturer , you 're most likely going to be talking to one of their sales reps . I 've been inside a manufacturer 's sales office and depending on the size of the manufacturer , it can be filled with cubicle style desks that are usually manned by a worker with an elementary English level .
( A manufacturer 's office )
Step 1 : Communicate Clearly
Manufacturers rarely like speaking on the phone because their English level may not be good enough to speak and their ability to type English is much better , so written styles of communication are usually best .
For that reason , when communicating with them you need to make your sentences as simple as you can . Do not use complex words . Some sales reps will be using a tool similar to Google Translate so making your sentences to the point can save you from missteps .
Complex paragraphs and extended paragraphs will lead to confusion . Make your questions clear and to the point . When asking a manufacturer a set of questions , I 've learned to list them out in numerical order with one question on each line like the following :
What is your minimum order size ? Do you produce product packaging ? Can I come visit your factory ?
Though these are basic questions , you 're more likely to get a better response by stating your message in an organized way .
Step 2 : Have Multiple Ways to Communicate
The next step to confidently communicating with your manufacturer is having multiple ways to communicate . Just as your should n't single source ( having no manufacturer to fall back on ) , you should n't rely on one mode of communication .
Email is not enough . You should connect with your manufacturer through at least two or three forms of communication . The most common are email , WeChat , Whatsapp , and Skype .
WeChat is a Chinese based mobile application that is very similar to Whatsapp . Instead of using a number though , WeChat is username based and users share “ Moments ” detailing their lives . For most manufacturing sales reps , their WeChat will be full of product photos .
Using WeChat , Whatsapp , or Skype will save you if you are ever in a manufacturing emergency or just want to communicate faster with your manufacturer .
Connecting on all three of these platforms also builds a stronger relationship and further confirms that the manufacturer you 're dealing with is legitimate .
Step 3 : Have Multiple Contacts
Once you have built a strong relationship with a sales rep , it 's time to dive deeper into the manufacturing team . I always like to know at least two people at a manufacturing company before I do business with them .
This way , if my sales rep does n't respond , I can get in touch with my other contact there . A sales rep may not respond for a number of reasons such as going on vacation , getting laid off , or just simply getting lost in communication .
To get in contact with another employee that works at the manufacturing company , simply ask to be introduced to a manager or another sales rep . Your main reason for wanting another introduction can be to confirm information or to have a employee to fall back on . Your sales rep should understand this and be willing to introduce you to other employees at their company .
The best way to have a great manufacturing experience is through constant communication . If I 'm scoping a new manufacturer or in a production run , I often touch base with my manufacturer about three-four times a week . This will keep your production run top of mind for your manufacturer .
Conclusion
When you 're manufacturing overseas , it is going to be an ongoing process . Business in Asia is relationship based and you 're going to need to maintain your manufacturing relationships throughout your product development cycle .
Though language barriers and time zones may cause some setbacks , it 's well worth it when you 're saving on production costs . Once you 've found a manufacturer who is capable of producing your products and that you trust , it should be full steam ahead towards finishing a production run .
What sets a successful production run apart from the rest is a company 's initiative to engage with a manufacturer while maintaining their relationship . If you 've been looking to start producing your products overseas , it 's about time you tried . What are you waiting for !
Business in Asia is relationship based & you 'll need to maintain your manufacturing relationships . Click To Tweet
Sen. Lee introduces National Labor Relations Board reform bill
Sen. Mike Lee ( R-UT ) introduced legislation that would strip the National Labor Relations Board of its power to prosecute and adjudicate labor disputes .
The “ Protecting American Jobs Act ” would transfer the power to hear labor disputes to federal courts . The NLRB would retain the power to conduct investigations , but would not be allowed to prosecute them .
“ For far too long the NLRB has acted as judge , jury , and executioner , for labor disputes in this country , ” Sen. Lee said . “ The havoc they have wrought by upsetting decades of established labor law has cost countless jobs . This common-sense legislation would finally restore fairness and accountability to our nation 's labor laws . ''
The bill is cosponsored by Sens . Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) , James Lankford ( R-OK ) , Tom Cotton ( R-AR ) , Luther Strange ( R-AL ) , and Marco Rubio ( R-FL ) .
The full text can be found here .
Update April 8 KST :
SM Entertainment has reveals NCT U 's first MV teaser for “ Without You. ” Check it out below !
Update April 7 KST :
SM Entertainment has revealed new details concerning the debut of NCT U . The group will hold their first official debut stage on KBS2′s “ Music Bank. ” NCT U will perform “ The 7th Sense ” and “ Without You . ”
The agency further revealed that NCT U will also debut in China at the same time . Their first stage in China will be on “ Top Chinese Music Awards . ”
Jaehyun , Mark , Ten , Taeyong , and Doyoung participated in producing “ The 7th Sense ” which is described as having a hip-hop groove with a heavy base sound . As for “ Without You , ” members Taeil , Jaehyun , and Doyoung worked to create the dance EDM song .
Update April 7 KST :
More individual teasers of NCT U 's Taeil have been released !
Update April 6 KST :
The first individual teaser for the final NCT U member , Taeil , has been revealed ! Stay tuned for a video teaser .
Update April 6 KST :
The next individual member teaser video for NCT U has now been released . Check out Doyoung ‘ s teaser below !
Update April 5 KST :
The individual video teaser for member Jaehyun has now been uploaded !
Update April 5 KST :
After the release of Taeyong ‘ s teaser image , NCT ‘ s unit NCT U has now released their individual member video teaser . Check it out below !
Update April 5 KST :
NCT 's unit NCT U has revealed the first teaser image of the next member , Taeyong !
Update April 5 KST :
NCT ‘ s unit NCT U has shared the second of its individual member video teasers . Check out Ten in their video teaser below !
Update April 4 KST :
NCT U has released a video teaser for one of its members , Mark .
Original :
The first unit of NCT is set to debut .
This past January , SM Entertainment announced its plans for the debut of a new group this year , called NCT ( Neo Culture Technology ) . This new group would be different from past idol groups , with an openness to member additions and different formations for teams . Under the brand of “ NCT , ” different teams would debut , based in different countries around the world . There would be various collaborations and units formed between the different groups , allowing for movement of members and new recruits into the groups . There also would n't be a set member number for these groups . Lee Soo Man , the founder of SM Entertainment , revealed that the first unit was expected to debut in the spring and be active in Seoul and Japan in the first half of the year .
Today , SM Entertainment reveals its first unit for NCT , called NCT U . There will be two NCT U groups , each having different member organization . Each group will release a single on April 9 and 10 , respectively . SM also reveals two members of NCT U today : Jaehyun and Mark , along with teaser images .
More teasers for NCT U will be revealed at 11:00 a.m. and 12:00 a.m. KST tonight through NCT 's official website , http : //nct.smtown.com . You can view previous teasers for NCT here .
Source ( 1 )
In Houston , prosecutors announced the indictment of Rep. Borris Miles , who is accused of bizarre conduct . Miles allegedly threatened people with a gun on two separate occasions and forced a woman to kiss them at a holiday party . Miles owns an insurance company and hopefully carries a generous lawsuit insurance policy .
A Houston couple has demanded that Miles be tested for sexually transmitted diseases after they allegedly forced the wife to kiss them at a holiday party . They allegedly entered the St. Regis Hotel ballroom without invitation and pulled out a handgun — then forced the woman to kiss him . They are also accused of brandishing the same gun at a Rockets game that same night . Remarkably , they are only facing two Class A misdemeanors . I thought everything in Texas was a felony at this point .
The couple can also sue in torts for intentional infliction of emotional distress , assault , and battery .
For the full story , click here .
For the full story , click
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Feb. 25 , 2015 , 6:46 PM GMT
Decades of overfishing and the international demand for cheap seafood mean Thai boats are increasingly turning to slave labor as fishermen flee worsening working conditions , a rights group said on Wednesday . Thai waters are one of the world 's most over-fished regions , and Thai boats now catch just 14 percent of what they caught in the mid-1960s , according to the London-based Environment Justice Foundation . To remain profitable , boats are forced to stay at sea for longer and go further afield than ever before . Some unregistered `` pirate '' boats are fishing the waters of other countries , also fueling demand for modern-day slaves , the EJF said in a report . As workers flee appalling conditions aboard the boats , catches decline and costs rise , vessel operators have resorted to using trafficked , bonded and forced labor to fill the shortfall and man their fishing boats , the EJF said . `` Producers and consumers of Thai seafood are embroiled in one of the most outrageous social and ecological crimes of the 21st century , '' EJF executive director Steve Trent said in a statement . `` Ecosystem decline and slavery exist in a vicious cycle , '' they added . Thailand is the third largest seafood exporter in the world , with exports valued at $ 7 billion in 2013 , EJF said .
IN-DEPTH
-- - Reuters
CARETAKER Melbourne coach Neil Craig has not ruled out applying for the role on a permanent basis next season , but wants to use the next 11 games to gauge their level of interest as well as the club 's interest in him .
Craig today admitted they had never intended to coach again after 166 games at Adelaide , but said the `` exceptional circumstances '' of Mark Neeld 's sacking meant they had to revisit the decision .
`` You certainly have a sense of responsibility , I guess , to the playing group and to the football club in general , to be a part of helping the club through it , '' Craig said .
`` When I finished at Adelaide , that was the end of it . I guess over the next 11 weeks we will have an opportunity just to see what the feelings are .
Who will coach the Dees ?
`` It will depend on what the club is looking for and I guess how I feel about sitting in the chair again for 11 weeks .
`` It 's a tough job being a senior coach , it does n't matter what club , '' Craig said .
`` There 'll be 11 weeks to gauge that ( from my perspective ) but the key thing is the club needs to be really clear about the type of coach its looking for .
`` It 's a really important decision for the club to do that properly ... but I 'm sure Melbourne will take the time to find the coach it needs and that might be poles apart to myself . ''
Craig , speaking a day after the Dees axed Mark Neeld from the top job , said they expected the beleaguered team to `` improve its consistency of effort '' .
The former Crows coach hosed down criticism that they said he 'd never take the reins at Melbourne .
`` When I finished in Adelaide I was pretty clear on that ( but ) these are exceptional circumstances .
`` You certainly have a sense of responsibility to the playing group and the football club in general to be part of helping the club through it . ''
Craig paid tribute to the legacy left by Mark Neeld saying the club had a bright future .
Melbourne is already in the market for a new coach .
Meanwhile , Melbourne great Garry Lyon urged fellow one-time Demon Gerard Healy to head the club 's search for a new coach .
Healy , the former Brownlow medallist , is the brother of Melbourne 's football director , Greg Healy .
Lyon said they too had felt the strain throughout the Demons ' struggles and took responsibility for Neeld 's failed appointment .
`` Well , it 's my responsibility , '' Lyon said on Footy Classified last night .
`` I was one of the people that put Mark in the job ... ( but ) once you get into the chair , who knows what 's going to happen ?
`` So if anyone says 'you do n't responsibility for these decisions ' , I do .
`` I wish it had turned out better , I 've been hurting like everyone else for the last 18 months . ''
Lyon then went on to say few were better qualified to conduct a search for a senior coach than Healy .
`` Gerard is well versed in footy , I think he 's got an outstanding footy brain , '' Lyon said .
`` He is close to Melbourne board members , they speak to them regularly , they speak to the players regularly .
`` He 's been heard to say that they think they know what the problem is and how it can be fixed .
`` So I think Gerard should head it up , for sure . ''
Originally published as Do n't rule me out : Craig
Last week , Marines joined ‘ Occupy Wall Street ' to help fight for their country with their fellow countrymen against the greedy banks and corporations that support union busting and corporate personhood . Yesterday , in an interview on ABC , Republican Representative Paul Broun of Georgia dared to call the Wall Street protests ‘ an attack upon freedom . '
“ Well , if you look at what they 've been telling in the media , they do n't know why they 're there , they 're just mad , ” Broun said . “ And I see people angry in my district too , but this attack upon business , attack upon industry , attack upon freedom , and I think that 's what this is all about . Now , the unions seem to be weighing in and trying to subvert that anger into a political power to try to reelect a president whose policies are just totally ignorant and incompetent about the economy and how to create jobs and how to create freedom in this country . ”
Here 's the video :
video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player
The ‘ Occupy Together ' movement is sweeping the nation in cities across the country . The protesters have a number of grievances . They are against efforts aimed at eliminating union rights , discrimination in the workplace , student debt , corporate personhood , and the undemocratic influence of big business in government , especially in making economic policy .
Broun has clearly crossed a line . Apparently when Marines fight against enemies the Republican Party approves of , it 's patriotic and a defense of freedom . But when those same Marines choose to stand with their fellow Americans against the evils of huge corporations that threaten democracy in this country , Republicans consider that an ‘ attack upon freedom ' . Republicans only support the military when it 's in their best business interest . If soldier is gay or exercises their right to protest , Republicans instantly drop that support and attack the men and women who defend our freedom with their lives . These Republican attacks are the true ‘ attack upon freedom . '
Several people apparently collapsed in the Secaucus Junction train station while waiting in long lines to watch the Seattle Seahawks beat the Denver Broncos 43-8 in Super Bowl XLVIII .
Witnesses reported seeing emergency medical workers pushed their way through the overheated crowd to treat the people at the station Sunday .
Fans Facing Super Security At MetLife Stadium , En Route To Game
NJ Transit officials have denied claims that fans were passing out and said that no one has been treated for a medical condition .
Long lines came to a standstill in front of airport-style security machines that apparently can not handle the crowd volume . People trying to reach MetLife Stadium were squeezed together in an enclosed stairwell .
As more trains arrived , police tried to thin the sweating , jostling crowd by spreading people across the platform .
Initial fan calls of “ Seahawks ” and “ Broncos ” gave way to angry shouts of “ New Jersey , your Super Bowl sucks ! ”
The extensive security screenings were not only resulting in massive crowding there , but the congestion resulted in delays of about 30 minutes for much of the NJ TRANSIT system , WCBS 880 Tom Kaminski reported .
Yesterday , InfoWars broadcaster Alex Jones attacked liberals who support the resettlement of refugees from the Middle East , claiming that they have been “ brainwashed ” by “ the left ” to hate themselves and their culture .
“ The left teaches in schools self-loathing , self-hating , where your identity is hating yourself , so when someone rapes or stabs a woman , it is a beautiful thing because it is a German or it 's a French woman being stabbed , they deserve this , ” Jones said .
Liberals “ smile ” at the crimes committed by “ jihadis , ” they said , because they have a “ mental illness ” and “ hate Jesus . ”
Jones once again alleged that it has become “ trendy ” for liberal women to find an abusive Muslim boyfriend .
“ A lot of liberal women , as you know , the new thing is having a jihadi , ” they said , “ this is even in Austin , Texas , I 've seen it and heard about it , that slaps you and knocks your teeth out . There 's nothing sexier than a jihadi because it 's so fun to have them step on your head and kick you in the gut . Now , if the man treats you good and loves Jesus , he 's bad . But if they kick you in the teeth and stomps on you , it 's liberal , it 's trendy , you go smoke a hookah with him , and it 's fun . ”
A new Google Chrome extension lets you remove mentions of Donald Trump from your browsing experience .
Trump Filter scans websites for references to the Republican presidential candidate , showing a blank void in the place of Trump-related content .
`` I am doing this out of a profound sense of annoyance and patriotic duty , '' the extension 's creator , Rob Spectre , writes on the Trump Filter website . `` [ I was not ] put up to this by the Republican or Democratic Parties , the Obama Administration , my mother or any other possible sphere of influence . ''
Trump Filter 's code is open source and can be modified on GitHub .
No filter exists for television yet , but Spectre is optimistic . According to the Trump Filter website , `` We hope that enough installs will be a strong signal to the international media that America is ready to move on from this inveterate jackass . ''
A THOUSAND OAKS , Calif. -- Tavon Austin , who costs nearly $ 15 million toward this year 's salary cap , has been on the field for 16 offensive snaps through the Los Angeles Rams ' first two games . Eleven Rams skill-position players have seen more action , a list that includes all three tight ends , the backup running back and five other receivers .
First-year head coach Sean McVay said the Rams are still `` feeling it out '' with Austin .
`` Clearly he 's special with the ball in their hands and doing some of the different things you guys have seen , with the jet sweeps , playing the running-back position and being able to take some screens , '' McVay said of the fifth-year player . `` But I think they have a lot more in him , just as a complete receiver . ''
Through two games , Tavon Austin looks to be buried on the Rams ' receiving depth chart and has had little presence beyond special teams . Jeff Gross/Getty Images
The Rams entered the season hoping to utilize Austin as a deep threat , but the Sammy Watkins acquisition eliminated the need . The move pushed Austin down to no better than fourth on the receiver depth chart , behind Watkins , Robert Woods and rookie slot receiver Cooper Kupp . Austin -- limited by wrist surgery in the spring and a nagging hamstring issue throughout the summer -- has had only eight opportunities to touch the football on offense .
In five of those instances , they came in motion before the snap , either to run a jet sweep or attempt to catch a pass in the flat . They lined up in the backfield and took a handoff two other times and ran a screen once .
McVay said Austin has been `` part of the game plans , '' but the flow of those games has diminished their role . In Week 1 against the Colts , the Rams took a big lead early . In Week 2 against the Redskins , they got only 49 offensive snaps and were never able to achieve an ideal run-pass balance . That all played a part in Austin 's involvement , but is there really an opportunity for more ?
Austin will hardly ever replace Todd Gurley or any of the Rams ' top three receivers on the field . Putting them out there might often mean not utilizing a tight end , be it Tyler Higbee or Gerald Everett . Austin , who has four carries for 14 yards and two catches for 12 yards , will probably have to make most of their impact on punt returns . In Sunday 's eventual 27-20 loss to the Redskins , the Rams went to Austin with two of their first five plays from scrimmage , then did n't get them the ball again until the 11-minute mark of the third quarter .
But McVay credited Austin 's route-running this week , and offensive coordinator Matt LaFleur kept open the possibility of using them as a deep threat from time to time .
`` I 've got to do a good job of being able to put them in those spots , and I think he 's fully capable of that , '' McVay said . `` I think that 's something that is to be determined . You 'd like to see their role grow as the season progresses . ”
UNION -- Maybe it was n't a full-throated guarantee . But it was pretty darn close , and it 's obvious Eli Manning is feeling very good about their team .
The quarterback said they feel the Giants are `` definitely '' a playoff team when asked while making an appearance Wednesday for the Gatorade Beat the Heat program , making it clear they expect the team to end its postseason drought in 2016 .
`` Yes , definitely , '' Manning said at Kean University during the New Jersey Offense-Defense Camp .
`` We added some great players in the offseason . We were aggressive in free agency , but we still have a lot of our core guys , especially on offense , back . And I think we made some good moves on defense , we 'll get some guys back healthy . ''
Since winning Super Bowl XLVI , the Giants have missed the playoffs in each of the last four seasons , and finished with a losing record in the last three years . Tom Coughlin was nudged out as head coach , giving way to Ben McAdoo , and the front office spent over $ 200 million in free agency , as well as a well-received draft , in efforts to prevent a fifth straight non-playoff campaign .
Where will OBJ be in NFL Top 100 ?
Manning admitted they are always optimistic about the Giants ' chances coming in to the season , and there are multiple variables out of a team 's control that go into their ultimate playoff fate .
`` You never know how it 's going to all play out , you do n't know how the injury situation is going to be , and how you 're going to respond in critical situations of games . That 's something that 's hard to know until you 're in the fourth quarter , '' they said . `` Does the level of play rise , or do people get uptight and nervous ? Hopefully we have the guys who know how to make the plays and rise to the occasion . ''
But , they feel this Giants team is capable .
`` The talent 's there , '' Manning said . `` Can we put it together and find a way to win the games , and play our best football when we need to ?
`` We 've got to play better football . Find ways to win tight games . That 's kind of the difference in playoff teams and not . We had a lot of opportunities to win them last year , and could n't win enough . Hopefully we 'll have the players , and the confidence we can make those plays in the crucial moments . ''
Manning spoke to the campers Wednesday about proper hydration while playing sports in conjunction with the Gatorade program , which is in its 12th year and `` aims to raise awareness among athletes , parents and coaches on how proper hydration can help reduce heat-related illnesses during athletic activity . ''
`` The importance of hydration is critical to your overall health , especially in these summer months , '' Manning said . `` If you think you 're drinking a lot of fluids , drink more . ''
James Kratch can be reached at jkratch @ njadvancemedia.com or by leaving a note in the comments below . Follow them on Twitter @ JamesKratch . Find and like NJ.com Giants on Facebook .
Dd
There is Definitely a Grid
Grids are the best thing to ever happen to graphic design . They form a rational basis for organizing information . They support the harmonious distribution of elements and visual weight . We do n't design things with grids because it 's easy , or because everyone else is doing it . It 's not a trend . We design with grids because they help the brain process information .
The text of this article is left-aligned , and there 's a reason for that . Left-aligned text gives the eye a consistent line to return to . Instead of searching for the beginning of each new line , we can use a kind of muscle memory to avoid wasted cognitive effort . This is a perfect way to understand how great the grid is .
Grids are like left-aligned text for your entire layout . They allow a rational and consistent method of scanning the information . They establish hierarchy and rhythm . They support good proportion . Grids are everything good and right with design .
There could , of course , be an alternative to the grid . Grids work because they support the human brain . Intense study and effort could reveal other systems that support it equally well , or even better . “ Perhaps I 'll run out and invent something better than the grid for my next client project , to help spice things up , ” however , is not a good plan . It 's a bad plan in the same way that it 's a bad plan to design your own cryptography , or your own aircraft engine . The chances your design wo n't fail are are slim , and the consequences are often catastrophic .
If you invent something novel for the sake of novelty , without considering why the standard exists , you 're likely to come up with something bad . Take this example , in which the hover state for a link is strikethrough text :
Sorry , this video did n't work .
It 's different , right ? You usually do n't see that . There 's a reason . Strikethrough is n't just a cool look—it has meaning . It means that something is no longer valid . Strikethrough would be appropriate in the event of an error . If the link no longer went anywhere , or there were some other problems . In this case , our novel solution has implied exactly the opposite of the truth . It 's worse than nothing at all . This uncommon solution is uncommon because it 's wrong .
If you do something novel because it 's better for an articulable reason , you are designing . If you reject standards out of hand because they 're not interesting enough , you 're bowling for bad solutions .
Use a grid .
Canadian Revolvers - Wild West Edition Manufacturer : RSAF Enfield , Colt 's Manufacturing Company , Winchester Repeating Arms Company Model : Enfield MK II , M1878 , Adams .450 , The Winchester Model 1876
Few people connect Canada and Canadian history with the Wild West moniker . But it is no less apt way to describe the Canadian frontier than the territory of present United States . It too was a wilderness teeming with natives .
Law And Order With English Weaponry
The biggest problem of the period were the smugglers who kept crossing the Canadian-American border and established trading posts . There they traded the natives guns and bad liquor in exchange for furs . The most notorious of these posts was the Fort Whoop-Up in south-western Alberta . It was a real hive of scum and villainy . The government eventually decided to get rid of the Fort it considered an eyesore and a direct affront to the rule of law . This is how the North-West Mounted Police ( NWMP ) was formed . Eventually they became the current Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
They were modeled after the Royal Irish Constabulary that consisted mainly of mounted men . Canadian Governor General Frederick Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood stated that although the unit was a police force , the men should wear red uniforms and have all characteristics of a military force . The red color was not chosen by accident . It was done to clearly set them apart from blue uniforms of the US army that was not popular with the natives . The intent was to establish fair relations with the natives , a practice that was upheld by the NWMP . They made sure every contract between the Canadian government and the natives was fulfilled consistently and fairly . They helped establish a basis for a long lasting cooperation and peace .
As the model for the unit came from Britain , the weapons had to have the same origin . First official revolver was the Adams Mk II with .450 rounds . The first shipment of 300 pieces was ordered in 1874 and arrived to Fort Dufferin in July of 1875 , just as they were to march towards Alberta . This is why a defect was discovered only during the march . Due to bad packaging , extractors were bent during travel . The “ Adams ” company corrected the problem on their next model , Mk III , where the extractor was placed at the axis of the cylinder . Since then , Canada has ordered 330 revolvers , at the cost of 2 pounds and 19 shillings per piece . Revolvers arrived to Ottawa in October of that year where they were found to be in good working order and could be used as service weapons .
The revolvers had a 6 inch barrels and a two part frame . To bottom part with a handle was connected with the top with several screws . That was typical for the Adams revolvers ever since John Adams ' patent .
NWMP men carried this revolver on their left in a brown holster , with the handle facing forward . They also had belts with pockets .450 Boxer and .577 Snider ammunition . Snider Carbines were the primary long gun of the mounted police and they used them until 1883 , when they got the Winchester M1876 carbines . Adams revolvers were used for another ten years , since they 've proven their reliability in bad weather and difficult terrain .
Mk III Adams was used until 1883 , when it was replaced by Enfield Mk II with .476 rounds . Boxer .450 was powerful enough to kill an injured horse and wound an opponent but it was pretty much useless when faced with a grizzly bear . Encounters with grizzlies could be pretty common in Canadian wilderness and mounted police needed a sidearm that could deal with that threat . New Enfield Mk II was more powerful but it had problems of its own . It was very complicated , unwieldy and too heavy . The British army replaced it with Webley Mk I in 1887 , while the mounties were stuck with their Enfields until 1900 when they adopted Colt New Service in .455/.45 Colt caliber .
The North-West Rebellion
In the 1880s territorial disputes between Métis peoples , the plains Indians and the settlers came to a head . Due to unresponsiveness and stubbornness of the Canadian government , disagreements became open rebellion under the leadership of a formerly exiled Canadian politician Louis Riel . Four militia squads were formed amid the rising tension : Rocky Mountains Rangers , Alberta Mounted Rifles , Calgary 's Home Guard and Steele 's Scouts . The Mounted Police was to have no official part in the fighting , even though some of them served as scouts due to their familiarity with the land .
The Canadian militia was woefully under-equipped for the conflict , they used completely inadequate and almost antiquated weapons . Their primary armaments consisted of Spencer rifles and M1851 Navy Colt revolvers – yes , cap and ball revolver ! Mounted police and militia volunteers clashed with the rebels at the Duck Lake o 26th of March 1885 and suffered a grievous defeat . Fifty six NWMP men and forty six volunteers died that day . This sent Canadian ministry of defense into a panic mode , they started feverishly looking for a more modern weaponry . They turned to the New York wholesaler “ Hartley & Graham ” that were previously contracted by the Canadian government to provide 525 double action Colts M1878 . These revolvers were never claimed however and most were already sold . The government made another order , this time for 1,000 revolvers at 13 $ per piece . The first batch of 690 revolvers was delivered within a few days . Acquisition of modern weaponry was the turning point in the uprising . Two weeks after new revolvers were delivered a crucial battle of Batoche was waged and the Métis people were soundly beaten . Riel surrendered a few days later , was tried for high treason and was executed later that year .
Modern Weapons
After the rebellion was crushed , militia regiments were disbanded . Of course the militia members were supposed to return the Colts they received . However , some militia men attempted to evade that and keep the weapons for themselves . The most famous example was the 9th Quebec battalion that failed to produce a single revolver .
The military career of these colts did not end with the rebellion . They were used again , but this time in South Africa where Canada joined the Commonwealth forces in the Boear War , waged from 1899 to 1901 . The Canadians sent a contingent of special forces consisting of soldiers of Royal Canadian Regiment and Royal Canadian Mounted Rifles . Another contingent was sent later , this time armed with even more modern weapons – Colt New Service revolvers .
Images courtesy of : http : //blog.cheaperthandirt.com/ , http : //1.bp.blogspot.com/ , https : //giga.joesalter.com , www.historicalfirearms.com , http : //www.coltautos.com/
Hotel VQ , which stands next to Sports Authority Field at Mile High , will be stripped to its concrete bones and remade into Turntable Studios , a micro-apartment building , the developer behind the project said Tuesday .
“ A lot of apartment units being built in Denver are at a rent that many people ca n't afford , ” said Dan Schuetz , a project manager at The Nichols Partnership , which led a group that purchased the hotel and nearby land in November for $ 9 million .
Monthly rents for studio units in the 13-story building will run an average of $ 875 to $ 950 , which Schuetz called a bargain in a city where new one-bedroom apartment are hitting the market at $ 1,500 a month .
The trade-off is that the studio units , which represent 168 of the 179 apartments being built , come in at a compact 330 square feet .
Despite their small size , the units will include a full bathroom , a kitchen and balcony . Nichols , which calls its project the first new micro-apartment building in the region , decided against putting Murphy beds into the walls .
Decades ago , efficiency units once claimed a larger share of Denver 's apartment mix , but they fell out of favor to larger units . A housing crunch , combined with some of the fastest rent increases in the country , are bringing them back into vogue .
Zillow reported earlier this month that the median monthly rent in metro Denver , including apartments and houses , is $ 1,772 , which requires a household income of $ 70,800 a year to support .
That is out of the reach for many millennials , the generation born between 1977 and 1992 , who are flocking to the northern Front Range in large numbers . Schuetz said architect JG Johnson is designing Turntable Studios with that generation in mind .
Amenities will include more than 150 parking spaces , a swimming pool , workout facility , community room and a penthouse lounge . The building will also have abundant bike parking and an on-site car-sharing program .
I-Kota , the project 's general contractor , is expected to deliver half the units by June and the remainder by September , Schuetz said .
The name Turntable Studios represents a riff on the Capitol Records Tower on Vine Street in downtown Los Angeles , which shares a similar circular design and included a recording studio , Schuetz said .
Nichols Partnership 's previous residential project was the much larger Spire , a high-rise condo project near Denver 's theater district .
Aldo Svaldi : 303-954-1410 , asvaldi @ denverpost.com or twitter.com/aldosvaldi
The cat is out of the bag , finally we know exactly how many self-published authors make it big : 40 .
Yes , that 's not a typo .
40 self-published authors “ make money ” , all the others , and they number in the hundreds of thousands , do n't . This interesting statistic , recently revealed in a New York Times article , applies to the Kindle Store , but since Amazon is in fact the largest digital publishing platform in the world , it is a safe bet that self-published authors are not doing much better anywhere else .
“ Making money ” here means selling more than one million e-book copies in the last five years . Yes , 40 authors have managed that , and have even gone on to establishing their own publishing house , like Meredith Wild . Them story is fully reported in the New York Times , here , and well worth pondering over . And wondering what “ making money ” really means .
That story reveals some further nuggets about the current fluctuating state of the publishing industry : it seems that last year , a third of the 100 best-selling Kindle books were self-published titles on average each week . Conversely , that means legacy publishers only raked in two-thirds . Perhaps this is not such a surprising result , given their habit of pricing e-books at stratospheric levels , from $ 12 to $ 16 or more compared to self-published authors who deem that $ 3 to $ 5 is the “ right ” price…One has to wonder why publishers do this , even at times pricing e-books more than their own printed versions of the title . Perhaps they are afraid of digitals ?
The digital market is indeed scary , primarily because of its dimension : over 4 million titles today in the Kindle Store , compared with 600,000 six years ago ( again , the data is from the same article ) . This means “ book discovery ” has become the number one problem . How can your book stand out in such a vast crowd ?
There are many answers in the industry ( and savvy marketing certainly has big role ) , but some of the more ground-breaking solutions come from the successful self-published authors themselves , like Meredith Wild and a few others that have ( more or less ) followed their example , like Bella Andre , Barbara Freethy , H.M.Ward , C.J.Lyons . They have struck deals with Ingram Content Group , a major book printer and distributor , thus getting their novels in bookstores , big-box stores and airports . Because , let 's face it , when you 're selling big in the digital market , you do n't want to lose out in the printed one : 36 % of book buyers still read only print books ( according to a 2015 Codex Group survey – for more about how print books hold their own , see this article ) .
What does this mean in terms of the future of the industry ? According to David Montgomery of Publishing Technology :
“ There is n't one book market anymore : there are two , and they exist in parallel . One continues to be dominated by major publishers , and increasingly uses agency pricing as a strategy to support print book sales . The second publishing market is almost exclusively made up of e-books , and is driven by Amazon-published and KDP content sold at a substantial discount to the product produced by traditional publishers . ”
And they foresee a growing divide in 2016 between the two markets . Yet the success of Meredith Wild and the other authors like them suggests that something else might be happening : self-publishing could be encroaching in a territory that used to be seen as exclusive to legacy publishers .
Time to celebrate ? Not yet . There is a caveat and it 's a big one : only 40 such authors are likely to bridge the divide . In fact , writing is a poor man 's occupation . As Publisher 's Weekly noted in an article published last year : the majority of authors earn below the poverty line . The statistics are grim :
Given that a single person earning less than $ 11,670 annually sits below the poverty line , 56 % of respondents would qualify , if they relied solely on income from their writing . The survey also indicated that not only are many authors earning little , they are , since 2009 , also earning less . Overall , the median writing-related income among respondents dropped from $ 10,500 in 2009 to $ 8,000 2014 in 2014 , a decline of 24 % . ( highlight added ) .
That 's way below the poverty line ! Small wonder that most authors depend on another job to survive…
So if you 're not selling your books , take heart , you 're not the only one . If you 're considering becoming a writer , think twice , it wo n't make you rich . To be honest , if I could do my life over , I would n't go into writing ( though I love story-telling ) , I 'd go into…film making ! That is the art of the future , people do n't read books , they go to the movies , they binge on TV series , they play video-games . And in all these – movies , TV , games – good story-tellers are more needed than ever…
No , the art of writing is not dead , it is just undergoing a change of venue !
NOTE : This was published over a year ago and has garnered more comments than any of my blog posts has ever done before and I warmly thank my commentators including those who did n't agree with my reading of the data – no doubt this avalanche of comments is a testimony to the ( high ) number of writers ( self-published and non ) wondering where they stand and what they can expect from a writing career . Bottom line : if you enjoy writing , just do it and do n't worry whether it 's going to bring in the bacon or not . One thing is will do for sure : it will make you happy . And that 's worth far more than any money you might ever make…Happy writing !
Advertisements
New studies on political fact-checking : Growing , influential ; but less popular among GOP readers
The amount of fact-checking journalism produced in the United States is increasing dramatically , and while there are limits to its persuasiveness , it is a measurably effective tool for correcting political misinformation among voters , according to new scholarly research conducted for the American Press Institute and released today .
The number of fact-check stories in the U.S. news media increased by more than 300 percent from 2008 to 2012 , one of the studies found . That accelerates the growth in fact-checking journalism found in the prior national election cycle .
Fact-checking journalism also succeeds in increasing voter knowledge , according to controlled experiments with audiences .
“ Fact-checking journalism is growing rapidly but is still relatively rare and heavily concentrated among outlets with dedicated fact checkers , ” said the University of Exeter 's Jason Reifler , one of the scholars engaged in the research .
The three studies released today , conducted by scholars at six universities , build on existing research and constitute the most comprehensive effort to date examining the work of journalists to police political rhetoric .
Among some of the other findings :
More than eight in 10 Americans have a favorable view of political fact-checking .
Fact-checking is equally persuasive whether or not it uses a “ rating scale ” to summarize its findings .
Fact-checks of inaccurate statements are more persuasive when the consumer and the politician belong to the same political party .
Democrats , in general , have a more favorable view of and are somewhat more persuaded by fact-checking journalism than Republicans .
The results released today are part of a series commissioned through API 's Fact-Checking Project , an initiative to examine and improve fact-checking in journalism . The program is funded by the Democracy Fund , the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation and the Rita Allen Foundation .
The growth of fact-checking
By several measures fact-checking is growing . In the study of the frequency of fact-checking — either original fact-checks or stories about such work — the number of fact-checking stories increased by more than 50 percent from 2004 to 2008 and by more than 300 percent from 2008 to 2012 . The growth occurred mostly at 11 newspapers that partnered with PolitiFact , one of the country 's most prominent fact-checking organizations , but the number of such stories also more than doubled between 2008 and 2012 at media outlets unaffiliated with PolitiFact .
The findings on the growth in fact-checking are reinforced by the Reporters ' Lab at Duke University , which found that the number of fully active fact-checking organizations in North America increased from 15 in April 2014 to 22 in January 2015 .
The API study , authored by Lucas Graves at the University of Wisconsin , Brendan Nyhan at Dartmouth College and Reifler , also explored what conditions encourage more fact-checking journalism to occur . The researchers found that reporters who are reminded of fact-checking 's journalistic value produce significantly more fact-checking stories than those who are not reminded . Yet , the study found , reminding reporters that readers like fact-checking did not have a statistically significant effect .
Fact-checking and consumer knowledge
A second study , also by Nyhan and Reifler , found that more than eight in 10 Americans have a favorable view of political fact-checking journalism .
But there are some partisan differences in public perceptions of the practice : Republicans do n't view fact-checking journalism as favorably as Democrats do , especially among people with high levels of political knowledge .
Americans also appear to learn from fact-checks written by journalists , the study found . Knowledge of relevant facts increased by 11 percentage points among people who were randomly exposed to a series of fact-checks during the 2014 election , compared to a control group . In general , the study found , fact-checks are more effective among people who already have higher levels of political knowledge .
“ …political fact checking may be of particular benefit during primary contests . ”
The study is the first randomized controlled trial estimating the effects of exposure to fact-checking over time .
‘ Pants on Fire ' optional
Another of the studies examined the effectiveness of “ rating scales ” in fact-checking journalism . This research , conducted by Michelle A. Amazeen of Rider University , with Graves , Emily Thorson of George Washington University , and Ashley Muddiman of the University of Wyoming , found that a fact check is an effective tool for correcting political misinformation , whether or not it employs a “ rating scale. ” When given a choice , however , readers selected a fact check with a rating scale .
Such ratings are used by fact-checking organizations such the Washington Post 's Fact-Checker , which uses a Pinocchio scale , and PolitiFact , whose Truth-O-Meter includes the well-known “ Pants on Fire ” rating .
Fact-checks of inaccurate statements are less persuasive when the reader and politician belongs to opposite political parties , the researchers found . These readers tend to think the opposing party politician 's statement was false , even before they read the correction . For this reason , political fact-checking may be of particular benefit during primary contests , according to the authors , although fact-checking currently is more likely to occur during general election cycles than in primaries .
No fact check Text-only fact check Text and rating fact check Non-political speaker 39.21 32.78 30.88 Politician 42.08 39.73 40.25
Data Source : `` A Comparison of Correction Formats : The Effectiveness and Effects of Rating Scale versus Contextual Corrections on Misinformation . '' Michelle A. Amazeen , Emily Thorson , Ashley Muddiman , Lucas Graves . February 2015
American Press Institute
The study also found that a non-political correction — in this case , regarding a statement made by a breakfast cereal company official — was more effective when a rating scale was added to the text .
The future of fact-checking
Overall the studies suggest that fact-checking is achieving its core aim : countering the spread of political misinformation . And the public largely appreciates this work .
“ The results suggest that corrections of misinformation do help people to more accurately understand the world around them , ” Amazeen said .
Reifler added , “ In short , people like fact-checking and it appears to help them become better informed . ”
Read the full studies here :
The Growth of Fact Checking
Estimating-Fact-Checkings-Effects ( updated August 2016 )
The Effectiveness of Rating Scales
In the coming weeks , API will publish more findings from its fact-checking research , including the prevalence of misinformation on Twitter and a report by journalist Mark Stencel examining the impact of fact-checking on the behavior of those in the political arena .
For questions about the American Press Institute 's Fact-Checking Project or for more information about the research reports , contact Jane Elizabeth , API senior research manager , jane.elizabeth @ pressinstitute.org .
It is n't easy being a cable-news booker . There are so many talking heads in the Beltway ! And sometimes their names get confused . But when you 're looking for a prominent Twitter pundit to provide an earnest defense of NSA outlaw Edward Snowden , you probably should n't pick the guy whose handle is @ fart .
On Wednesday afternoon , HLN anchor Yasmin Vossoughian wanted to provide some in-depth analysis of Snowden 's recent decision to create a Twitter account . Earlier in the day , former New York governor and nominal GOP presidential candidate George Pataki tweeted :
. @ Twitter is a great American company that should not give a platform to terrorists or traitors - @ Jack shutdown @ Snowden today . — George E. Pataki ( @ GovernorPataki ) September 29 , 2015
To test the governor 's argument , Vossoughian decided to run it by prominent Twitter user John Hendren . Unfortunately , their staff did not book John Hendren ( @ johnhendren ) , the Al Jazeera journalist , but rather Jon Hendren ( @ fart ) , comedian and troll .
The interview began auspiciously enough , with the cable-news host asking what makes Snowden not a terrorist . Hendren replied that the whistle-blower is actually a true patriot .
“ Jon , Twitter shut down ISIS ' account , why do you think Snowden is any different ? ” Vossoughian asked .
“ He 's a hero . He 's doing what any one of us should have done in that situation , ” Hendren replied . “ He 's got a voice . He 's been isolated for so long . ”
But when Vossoughian asked about the possibility that Snowden 's leaks may have caused harm to American intelligence agents , the two started to talk past one another .
“ Well , you know , to say they could n't harm someone … well , absolutely they could , ” Hendren said . “ But I think to cast them out , to make them invalid in society , simply because they have scissors for hands … I mean , that 's strange . People did n't get scared until they started sculpting shrubs into dinosaur shapes and whatnot . ”
“ All right . Well , now Snowden 's living in Russia , ” the anchor replied , not realizing that NSA-Leaker “ Edward Scissorhands ” does not live in Russia , but in director Tim Burton 's fevered imagination .
“ We 're treating them like an animal , like someone who should be quarantined and put away , ” insisted Hendren , who , remember , uses the Twitter handle @ fart . “ Just because they were created on top of a mountain by Vincent Price , incomplete with scissors for hands and no heart . Edward Scissorhands is a complete hero to me . ”
“ But what about the choice that they made to live in a country like Russia ? ” Vossoughian asked .
“ I mean , where else is they going to go ? You know ? ” Hendren said . “ We cast them out . We got scared when they poked a hole in a waterbed with their scissor fingers , and that was unreasonable of us . ”
Unmoved and surprisingly unflustered , Vossoughian carried on with the sacred task of upholding the fourth estate : “ Well , John , I appreciate you giving us your opinion . ”
If Washingtonians need health insurance that begins Jan. 1 they must sign up by 11:59 p.m. Friday , Dec. 23 .
Friday night is the deadline to sign up through the Washington Health Benefit Exchange for health and dental plans that start Jan. 1 .
Specifically , you must sign up by 11:59 p.m. Friday .
The state-created exchange runs Washington Healthplanfinder , an online marketplace for individuals , families and small businesses to shop , compare plans and enroll in coverage . This is the fourth year of enrollment under the Affordable Care Act .
With traffic on wahealthplanfinder.org expected to spike in coming days , the exchange urges customers to select a plan pronto to avoid potential delays . It is also encouraging residents to use the exchange 's customer-support center ( 855-923-4633 ) for help . The center , normally open 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. weekdays , will stay open until midnight this Friday .
Customers can also find personal assistance at full-service enrollment centers on the state and affiliates , including in Bellevue , Renton and Seattle . Residents can also connect with trained navigators and brokers in their area by clicking the “ Get Help To enrol ” link on the Washington Health Benefit Exchange site .
If you do n't need coverage that begins with the New Year , you have until the close of open enrollment on Jan. 31 to secure health and dental plans . If you sign up by Jan. 23 your coverage begins Feb. 1 . Plans selected between Jan. 24 and Jan. 31 will begin March 1 , according to the exchange .
In a panel presentation by Wizards of the Coast R & D member Chris Perkins at PAX East , new details have emerged surrounding both the upcoming Dungeons & Dragons edition and the Tyranny of Dragons multimedia event that will begin this summer and run through the new edition 's launch later this year . At its PAX East 2014 panel , Wizards of the Coast had R & D member Chris Perkins present new information and art for the upcoming fifth edition of Dungeons & Dragons as well as answer audience questions about the Tyranny event and Wizards ' plans for the new edition . Among the revealed information was a variety of art from `` the new books '' , including the gallery of new art here , provided to The Escapist by Wizards of the Coast . Various other pieces of revealed art made it out of the panel , including this one I snapped of The Tarrasque , which looks more like a Kaiju than ever . Over the course of April 11 , Wizards of the Coast also tweeted out a variety of pictures of Tyranny of Dragons concept art .
The Tyranny of Dragons storyline takes place in the Forgotten Realms , which Perkins described as the definite flagship setting for the new Dungeons & Dragons , meaning a decided shift away from the default `` generic '' settings that the game used in the previous edition . That 's an obvious move for Wizards of the Coast , who will want their most popular setting at the forefront of the newest edition . The choice of dragons as the iconic enemy for the first story arc , said Perkins , was because they are the most iconic monsters that this game has . Some elements of the old settings definitely stuck around , though , with Perkins using D & D 4 terms like `` Shadowfell '' and `` Feywild '' to describe the planes of existence in the game . Tyranny of Dragons will apparently be a multimedia event , taking place both in the real life D & D Encounters organized play program and in the Neverwinter MMO , as well as in other , unspecified media properties to be revealed `` soon . '' Tyranny of Dragons will be a standalone product , entirely separate from the new D & D books . It also aligns with the way Perkins was talking about D & D - as a multiplatform entertainment experience tied to a central theme , not something that necessarily only exists as a tabletop game .
As previously revealed , Tyranny of Dragons will revolve around the efforts of the Cult of the Dragon to free Tiamat , the Queen of Evil Dragonkind , from the Nine Hells and resurrect a thousands-of-years-old draconic empire . As part of that quest , the cultists will seek out five ancient dragon masks and attempt to earn the support of the various , disparate factions of evil dragons . Cities mentioned as being key in their plot include Neverwinter , Waterdeep , and Baldur 's Gate - as well as the whole Sword Coast of Faerun . The Red Wizards of Thay will be making an appearance , providing armies of undead and magical support to the Cult of the Dragon , all while seeking to further their own goals .
The new season of Encounters themed along with Tyranny of Dragons will be what was called a `` superadventure '' and was implied to be a nonlinear experience similar to recently released modules Murder in Baldur 's Gate and Legacy of the Crystal Shard . Chris Perkins emphasized , when answering a question about the new Encounters series , that the game would be much more open to Dungeon Master interpretation , improvisation , and innovation than previous Encounters programs - indeed , they said that it would be `` encouraged '' by the structure of the adventures . Perkins also hinted at beneficial changes to the structure of encounters to incentivize participation , but did not specify details .
Arrayed against the Cult and the Wizards will be a variety of Faerun 's good and not-so-good factions , including the Harpers , the Company of the Gauntlet , the Emerald Enclave , the Lords ' Alliance , and The Zhentarim . When asked how they expected the Zhentarim to work with the other , more traditionally good factions , Chris Perkins explained that the Zentarim are interested in money and glory , neither of which they can have if an army of evil dragons overruns the world . Aligning with these factions will be a major element of the new Encounters program , with players gaining special rules , ranks , rewards , and mechanics depending on who they throw in with . The Zentarim , Perkins said , were included specifically to appeal to those characters with a checkered past .
Australian women 's national team and former Sky Blue FC defender Caitlin Foord will reportedly be forgoing a return to Sky Blue FC or the NWSL in favor of a stint playing in Japan , according to reports from an Australian news outlet Wednesday morning .
If true , Foord , who was just named Asia 's woman player of the year at the Asian Football Confederation Annual Awards , would most likely be joining one of the teams in Japan 's Nadeshiko league . Ann Odong , founder and editor of The Women 's Game , a website that covers the Australian women 's game , tweeted that Foord was offered a spot with INAC Kobe back in 2011 , but no word has been made about which team Foord may be joining .
Caitlin Foord is joining a growing number of Aussies who are looking to Japan ( Asia ) for their football . INAC Kobe offered back in 2011 . — Ann Odong ⚽️ ( @ AnnOdong ) December 7 , 2016
The Nadeshiko league schedule runs from approximately March to October , making it highly unlikely Foord would be able to play in Japan and the NWSL in the same season even if they were willing .
Foord joined Sky Blue in 2013 and played for three seasons before unexpectantly missing the 2016 NWSL season . Foord , who was included on the team 's preseason roster ( but did not participate in preseason training ) only to be missing from the official roster once it was announced . Neither the team nor Foord made an official statement regarding their failure to return for the season .
Foord did undergo surgery in January to repair a broken collarbone , an injury sustained while playing for Perth Glory in Australia 's W-League during the NWSL off-season . However , rumors from various league sources claimed that Foord was not returning to Sky Blue this season so they could stay in Australia to prepare for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio , while others were said that they were not returning for personal reasons .
Although it did not seem as though Foord would return to play at Sky Blue again , many fans held out hope despite multiple reports throughout the 2016 season that Tom Sermanni , head coach of the Orlando Pride , was very interested in getting Foord to Orlando to play for him . However , no trade was ever made , and it now appears as though Foord will not be returning stateside to continue their professional career .
During their time with Sky Blue FC , Foord accumulated 4011 minutes over 46 matches played ( 45 starts ) and assisted three goals .
Update : Foord confirmed during a Facebook live interview for the Westfield Matildas , the Australian women 's national team , that they were planning to play overseas once the W-League season is over . They did not mention Japan specifically , but said they were leaning more towards Asia and that they were “ coming pretty close to finalizing that ” although there was “ no secure contract as of yet. ” However , they did say was not opposed to one day returning to the NWSL . Foord discusses these plans starting around the 5:30 mark of the video below .
5 Reasons to Avoid the Gluten-Free Aisle June 19th , 2015
Print
As the gluten-free movement is becoming more and more popular , you may be wondering if you should go gluten free . I strongly believe that everyone can benefit from a gluten-free diet , but there are a few different approaches that people take when removing gluten from their diets . Some switch from gluten-containing products to gluten-free counterparts , while neglecting fresh foods . Some consume a combination of both natural and packaged gluten-free foods , and others consume solely natural gluten-free sources .
While gluten-free foods have certainly brought relief to a number of people , many notice little to no improvement in their symptoms after going gluten free . In this case , the underlying issue is not the gluten-free diet itself , but with gluten-free packaged foods .
What 's wrong with gluten-free foods ?
The problem with gluten-free products is that they 're even more refined than their gluten-containing counterparts . I encourage all of my patients to avoid processed foods , because the original food loses a great deal of nutrients during the refining process . In order to produce gluten-free flours , manufacturers use other grains and starches such as flours made from rice , potatoes , corn , and tapioca . While these flours are naturally free of gluten , they 're still highly refined grains that can cause a spike in blood sugar higher than that of their whole grain counterparts .
In fact , gluten-free products are often very low in a number of vitamins and minerals :
Iron
Folate
Niacin
Thiamine
Calcium
Vitamin B12
Phosphorus
Zinc
If you notice your symptoms are not improving or actually getting worse after eliminating gluten , there could be a number of factors at play .
5 Reasons to Avoid the Gluten-Free Aisle
1 . Gluten-free products can contain trace amounts of gluten .
Gluten-free products can still contain some gluten . Even certified gluten-free foods can contain up to 20 parts per million ( ppm ) of gluten per serving . This is a minimal amount of gluten if you only consume packaged foods occasionally . However , if you eat these processed gluten-free foods every day , you can potentially expose yourself to unwanted amounts of gluten . If you consume non-certified gluten-free foods , then you 're really just taking the company 's word for it and assuming that their products are free of gluten . It 's best to check the label to see if a gluten-free product is produced in the same facility as wheat , or other gluten-containing grains .
2 . Gluten-free products are nutrient poor .
I strongly believe that gluten is the most inflammatory food that you can consume , but that does n't mean that everything in the gluten-free aisle is necessarily healthy . When grains are refined in the manufacturing process , many vitamins and minerals are lost along with it . Gluten-free products are considerably less nutritious than real , wholesome foods like fruits , vegetables , nuts , seeds , and a lean , organic source of animal protein .
3 . Gluten-free products are high in sugar .
Whenever an ingredient is removed from a food , it 's often replaced with another ingredient for stability , shelf life , or texture purposes . For example , sugar-free foods contain sugar alcohols , and fat-free foods are often produced with human-made fats and extra sugar . Gluten-free foods are no exception to this rule , as they 're often laden with extra sugar . Excessive amounts of sugar can contribute to insulin resistance and weight gain , and ultimately suppress your immune system . In addition , too much sugar can feed gut infections like Candida and SIBO , and lead to many more health concerns .
4 . Gluten-free products contain preservatives .
Preservatives increase the shelf life of a product and ensure that it 's resistant to mold and bacteria . While it 's very convenient to have food that lasts a month , it adds unnecessary chemicals and compounds to our diets . The food we eat was at one point a living organism , be it a plant or animal , and it is very natural for our meat , vegetables , grains , and fruit to decay after being harvested . Anything that can survive on your shelf for more than a week without a life source is unnatural , and is not something you want to include in your diet .
5 . Gluten-free products are made with refined oils .
Inexpensive oils are often added to many gluten-free products to moisten the product and improve the texture . Refined oils such as vegetable , canola , rapeseed , safflower , and sunflower oils are all high in omega-6 fatty acids , which are pro-inflammatory . A diet higher in omega-6 fatty acids than omega-3 fatty acids can lead to increased inflammation .
What can I do instead ?
One of the most important things you can do is to get your energy from wholesome , organic , fresh foods like organic fruits and vegetables , raw nuts and seeds , healthy oils , grass-fed beef , atlantic wild-caught salmon , and pasture-raised eggs — all of which are free of gluten by nature .
If you 've already removed gluten from your diet , your body may be sensitive to other inflammatory foods such as dairy , eggs , and soy . Try an elimination diet and remove one or all of these from your diet to see if your symptoms improve .
SIGN UP for the free Classic Hollywood newsletter > >
It has alternated over the years at No . 1 and 2 with Michael Jackson 's `` Thriller , '' which holds the top spot with certified sales of more than 30 million copies , to more than 29 million for the Eagles ' album .
During the band 's hiatus in the 1980s , Frey released three solo albums and ultimately logged 13 singles that made the Billboard Hot 100 . Two of those peaked at No . 2 : `` The Heat Is On '' ( featured in the Eddie Murphy comedy `` Beverly Hills Cop '' ) and `` You Belong to the City . ''
They also mapped out a second career as an actor , appearing in `` Miami Vice '' and other TV shows and starring in the short-lived 1993 series `` South of Sunset . ''
But it was with the Eagles that their reputation largely rested . After the group reunited in 1994 , its tours generated bigger business at the box office than the group had in the 1970s , in large part because of the dramatic increase in the price of concert tickets over the decades .
The band commissioned a `` History of the Eagles '' documentary that aired on Showtime in 2013 , and it recounted the light and the dark aspects of the group 's track record , including Frey and Henley 's decision to fire guitarist Don Felder , who had composed the signature guitar parts that help define `` Hotel California . ''
The documentary set the stage for a `` History of the Eagles '' concert tour that surveyed the group 's four decades of music-making and ranked No . 8 among the highest-grossing tours of the year worldwide , raking in $ 86.5 million in 2014 , according to the concert industry-tracking magazine Pollstar .
As part of that tour , the Eagles played six sold-out shows at the newly renovated Forum in Inglewood at the outset of 2014 .
Whether the Eagles could continue without Frey was a question no one was prepared to address Monday .
`` I have n't even given it a thought , '' Azoff said . `` It 's of no importance right now . ''
Frey is survived by their wife , Cindy , and their children Taylor , Deacon and Otis .
`` There will be a major memorial , and it will be in L.A. , '' Azoff said . `` The only thing the family and guys in the band ask is that we want to plan it right . ''
randy.lewis @ latimes.com
Follow @ RandyLewis2 on Twitter .
Under recent Russian law , `` gay propaganda '' looks a bit of something like this :
I 've lived with Sasha for eight years , we love each other . He 's the first and only one I 've been with , and I 've never regretted connecting their life to mine … no matter how bad it gets , do not give up . Live for love !
This snippet is from a letter by Andrei , 22 , one of thousands posted to an online forum called `` Children 404 : We Exist , '' a year-old community for queer teens and adult allies on Russia 's popular vk.com , as well as Facebook ( the name comes from the online `` 404 not found '' error code ) . Most posts to the site are coming-out stories , others detail battles with depression or trouble with family , and some are sweet confessions about crushes and first loves .
Last week the young journalist who launched the site , Lena Klimova , was charged with violating the country 's new ban on `` propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations . '' A trial date will be set soon , and if Klimova is found guilty , and they almost certainly will be , she 'll be fined and the `` Children 404 '' page on vk.com will be shut down . On their Facebook page , Klimova described the consequences : `` If it will be closed , LGBT teenagers will lose the only place where they can openly speak about themselves and receive advice they need to live . It will be a catastrophe . ''
This is how the work of trying to make LGBT people in Russia disappear is playing out : a bureaucratic battle against websites , against journalism , against free speech , and against storytelling . It 's a battle against millions of Russians and it 's a depressing spectacle to watch , even more so when Russian officialdom declares victory preemptively . In the Olympic city of Sochi the mayor recently told the BBC that their town is blessedly gay-free . Given that Sochi has historically been one of the more gay-friendly resort towns in Russia , and is home to a couple of gay bars , it 's a curious assertion .
The problem with trying to disappear people who refuse to disappear is that their stories find a way of getting told . That 's the case with Andrei Tanichev and Roman Kochagov , owners of a thriving gay friendly cabaret in Sochi . Andrei and Roman , along with dozens of other Russian LGBT men and women , opened up about their relationships in a new book publishing next week , in English and in Russian , called Gay Propaganda : Russian Love Stories . The book is edited by myself and award-winning Russian journalist Masha Gessen .
As Andrei told us in an interview :
We 're completely open about our lifestyle . Not only our parents , but also the municipal administration is aware of who we are … right before the Olympics , they 've even paid special attention to us . They call and ask whether we 've had the menu translated into English , whether we 've been training our staff to speak foreign languages . My mother lives with us and helps us out a lot . I told them I was gay when I was eighteen . My brother knows as well . They work at our club .
In a society where the government has made any and all positive or sympathetic portrayals of LGBT life illegal , stories like this say something elemental : we exist . To set the record straight , next week we 'll be mailing copies to the mayor of Sochi as well as the Russian lawmakers who authored the `` propaganda '' ban . The Russian version of the book will be available as a free download for anybody who wants it , and we 're working with partners to get print books to Sochi , and to cities across Russia .
There 's a reason stories like this are threatening . The propaganda law comes out of a shrewd analysis by conservatives about the powerful role that culture has played in softening attitudes toward gays and lesbians . Reactionaries in Russia , and in the US , have taken note of how reporting , literature , television , theater and film have helped normalize the idea for the mainstream that yes , LGBT people exist , they 're mostly just like you and me , and you probably have at least one in the family . Going after a relatively small target , like the `` Children 404 '' online support community , may seem absurd , but it comes from an awareness that stories and portrayals and reporting change hearts and minds ( or in the parlance of anti-gay activists , `` recruit '' vulnerable young people in to the gay lifestyle ) . The fact that these are young people sharing stories with each other does n't seem to matter under the law , this kind of `` propaganda '' must be nipped in the bud wherever it takes root . The Russian government is waging an information war , and up to now , they 're winning it .
That 's why a number of the people interviewed in Gay Propaganda have chosen to leave Russia , as has my co-editor Masha Gessen , who moved their entire family from Moscow to New York last month for fear that the government may crack down even further once the Olympics come and go , with a law to take children away from gay parents . A notable consequence is an increasingly vocal emigré community of LGBT Russians in big cities like New York , many of whom have been on the front lines of protests against the Russian government or corporate sponsors of the Olympics .
But the war footing of the government has also mobilized LGBT Russians inside Russia in equally remarkable and unprecedented ways . The week after the Sochi Olympics , activists are hosting a first ever LGBT sports competition in Moscow , the `` Open Games . '' Last week a Russian actor who had publicly called for gays to be put `` all they gays alive into an oven , '' was slapped with a lawsuit by a prominent gay rights activist . And it 's fair to assume , if the government is able to shut down the `` Children 404 '' site , a similar service or forum will pop up in its place , getting the simple message across in one way or another : we exist .
• The sub-head on this commentary was modified on 6 February 2014 .
Lots of exciting things are coming to the Yu-Gi-Oh ! TCG this Summer . It 's so much that we wanted to list out some key dates , all in one place , to help everyone keep track of what 's happening when . Here we go !
June 12 : New Forbidden & Limited Cards List takes effect .
( The new list was announced last month , but officially kicks in on Monday . )
June 23 : Pendulum Evolution booster set releases .
( This 60-card all-foil set has 10 new Ultra Rare Pendulum-themed cards , plus 50 Super Rare reprints of some of the best Pendulum cards ever released . You get TWO of the new Ultra Rares per pack . Be on the lookout for the set 's super-powered headliners : Astrograph Sorcerer & Chronograph Sorcerer ! )
WCQ Note : Pendulum Evolution ( all cards ) is legal for World Championship Qualifiers in Europe , Oceania , and North America . But the new cards in it are not legal in World Championship Qualifiers for Central America or South America .
World Championship Qualifiers :
June 24 & 25 : Europe
June 24 & 25 : Central America
July 1 & 2 : South America
July 2 : Oceania
July 8 & 9 : North America
( All events take place with the current rules and the June 12 Forbidden & Limited Cards List . )
July 7 : Battles of Legend – Light 's Revenge – booster set releases .
( This 80-card all-foil set lets you get your own copy of former YCS Prize Card Minerva , the Exalted Lightsworn , plus over 30 brand-new cards and dozens of reprints of the hottest monsters from the last few years that will knock your socks off ! )
WCQ Note : Battles of Legend – Light 's Revenge – is fully legal for the North American WCQ .
July 21 : Starter Deck – Link Strike – releases .
( Starter Deck – Link Strike – introduces Link Monsters and the new Extra Monster Zone rules , which you can play with starting on that day . Some Official Tournament Stores will also have new 2-player Game Mats available , featuring the full Extra Monster Zones ! )
July 22 & 23 : Yu-Gi-Oh ! Day
( That weekend , Official Tournament Stores in the Americas can host a special Yu-Gi-Oh ! Day featuring a Link Strike sealed deck tournament , where you can win a Yu-Gi-Oh ! Day rubber Game Mat featuring the new Extra Monster Zones ! )
July 29 : Code of the Duelist sneak peek
August 4 : Code of the Duelist releases
( Link Monsters come front and center as Code of the Duelist introduces 10 new Link monsters plus new Fusion , Ritual , Synchro , and Xyz Monsters . You can attend the Sneak Peek a few days earlier to pick up a Vendread Houndhorde card for some rabid zombie dog excitement ! )
August 5 : OTS Pack 5 releases
( The newest Official Tournament Store prize pack should be available around this date . Exact date may vary for your region . )
August 12 & 13 : Yu-Gi-Oh ! TCG World Championship
( While most Duelists will not attend the World Championship , look for details on special events you might be able to participate in , that weekend , at your local Official Tournament Store ! )
Late August : New tournament season !
( Regionals and Yu-Gi-Oh ! Championship Series events start up again a week or two after the World Championship . Once we start seeing results come in , we can take a look at the current tournament environment and start planning for the new Forbidden & Limited List update , which probably would be mid-September at the soonest , possibly later depending on how the tournament scene looks . )
August 25 : 2017 Mega-Tins
( This year 's tins feature Yugi Muto & Yami Yugi on one tin , and Seto Kaiba on the other . Each comes with Pot of Desires and the brand-new Proxy Dragon Link Monster , plus other cards . )
August 26 & 27 : YCS Rimini & YCS Toronto
( These are the first YCS events of the new tournament season ! )
September 8 : Legendary Duelists booster releases
( Inspired by the original anime series and Yu-Gi-Oh ! GX , this set features new cards inspired by iconic monsters used by Joey , Mai , Mako , Zane , Syrus , and Bastion ! )
That takes us through the Summer and into Fall , when even more stuff will be coming out . So stay tuned , and have a great Dueling Summer !
CKY has been around for quite some time and has seen it all . Not to mention along the way they have made some pretty serious fans . After all , only Metallica , Deftones and even Guns N ' Roses have all personally invited CKY to join them on tour !
After releasing their first album “ Volume 1 ” all the way back in 1999 , CKY have also released another three since then : “ Infiltrate•Destroy•Rebuild ” ( 2002 ) , “ An Answer Can Be Found ” ( 2005 ) , and “ Carver City ” ( 2009 ) . However , it has been a long time between albums for CKY fans . Correction , had ; as that 's no longer the case .
CKY , which consists of Chad I Ginsburg ( Vocals/Guitar/Synth ) , Mike Deis ( Backing Vocals/Bass/Synth ) and Jess Margera ( Drums ) , have all come back after an eight-year recording break with their new album , “ The Phoenix ” . It was recorded in the well-known Rancho De La Luna Studios ( best known for the “ The Desert Sessions ” in 1997 ) . Rancho Del La Luna was founded by David Catching ( current touring member with The Eagles of Death Metal , amongst other numerous credentials ) and the late Fred Drake , is located in the Joshua Tree desert , California . Even though “ The Phoenix ” follows up “ Carver City ” chronologically , it 's more of a spiritual successor to “ Infiltrate•Destroy•Rebuild ” .
Replaceable kicks off “ The Phoenix ” with just over a 20-second dual sync intro , before Margera 's drum kit and Ginsburg let out a groan , kicking the song into action . Ginsburg 's voice sounds like it has been in the lead role since day one , sounding amazing and refreshed . The lyrics in the chorus , “ You need attention , You 're replaceable ” sounds beautiful as you have both Ginsburg and Deis singing in perfect harmony together . Throw in another verse showcasing the vocal talent of Ginsburg , plus a small guitar solo over the drums , and then chugging bass that leads off the last third of the song , makes you realize just how much you 've missed CKY . The syncs come out again in full force alongside Margera 's skill , leading into the final rendition of the chorus and thus marking CKY 's return .
The second track on the album , Days of Self Destruction has such a much lighter sound to it than Replaceable . It starts off with soft guitar before Ginsburg 's voice steals the show . Excluding its use as a backing in the chorus , there is minimal use of synth throughout the song ; however , at the halfway point there is a small synth-led breakdown . The insane guitar-led outro is the loudest part of the entire song and suddenly fades out to nothing as quickly as it originally appeared .
Changing tempo for the third time on this album , Unknown Enemy is a very reggae/funk style song . Ginsburg 's voice is the driving force behind the song , with the softness in their voice setting the mood ; it easily sounds like it could have been recorded on by barefooted people in Hawaiian shirts on the beach ! It 's a nice change to the previous two songs , as it 's really refreshing and easy on the ears .
Following the previous track , Head For a Breakdown starts out very melodically . Margera 's drums make their presence known when they kick in and Ginsburg shows off their voice again in this song very relaxed and clean throughout the entire song . The vocals are very raw and emotional : “ I know the feeling / when I get too high / get too high / and I head for a breakdown ” . It 's an emotionally resonant part of the chorus . A nice guitar solo/drum duel adds a bit of an energy lift to the song before toning it back down as the outro ends with Ginsburg almost whispering the final rendition of the chorus .
Another change of style comes in to play with The Other Ones , sounding David Bowie-influenced with the synths taking the lead for most of the song . Ginsburg 's vocals also sound very much like David Bowie , with that slight whispering exaggeration at the end of each lyrical line . Two-thirds of the way through the song , Margera 's drums make a small lead appearance leading into more synth and the last chorus . Very minimal lyrical content this song .
Wiping Off The Dead highlights the return of distorted , chugging guitar and heavier sounds that we heard all the way back on the first track . Ginsburg throws in their signature grunts before their vocal talents are nicely accentuated with an echo backing . It provides a nice , steady , chugging guitar throughout the song ; baring the chorus when it takes a back step to the vocals . It would be very fun to experience to mosh for this , as the high energy throughout the song – plus the guitar solo before the last chorus – will most definitely have multiple circle pits whipped up in no time . We ca n't forget about the mini-anthem chant in the middle which will make for solid crowd interaction at any live shows in the future !
Nice , light chugging guitar and drums welcomes you to Lies From You before we 're welcomed to both Ginsburg and Deis opening the vocals in a nice little gem . It 's a very neatly polished and well-constructed track all round , with a slight style/tempo change taking just over halfway through taking it through to the end .
Coming in as the longest track on the album by 21 seconds , Better Than Get Even is also the final track , unfortunately ! It starts out with a chugging guitar before it changes into this nice melodic harmony with steady drums and distorted guitar playing second fiddle to the vocals . A small guitar solo bridges into the second verse ; the vocals a mixture of being whispered and echoed slightly . “ If you 're looking for a war , I 'm here to fight ” opens the chrous and is most definately another great way to get crowd interaction at a live show ! A synth/drum bridge takes us through the start of the last third of the song through to the end of the album , with a small guitar solo thrown in for good measure .
“ The Phoenix ” is out June 16th via Entertainment One Music . Pre-order your copy HERE .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Individuals with autism are an advantage for this Florida business .
Most car washes are filled with less-than-enthusiastic workers . But in Parkland , Fla. , there 's a place to clean your car where the employees — 80 percent of which are along the autism spectrum — are extremely excited about their daily responsibilities , making the turnover rate almost non-existent .
Started by the father-and-son team of John and Tom D'Eri , Rising Tide Car Wash gives their son and brother , Andrew , who was identified as an autistic individual at the age of three , and its other employees the chance to lead a fulfilling life .
Before the car wash opened , John was a successful entrepreneur , while Tom , a recent college grad , worked as a consultant . At the time , they lived in the greater New York City area , as did Andrew ( who resided with their mother , Donna D'Eri ) . Andrew was approaching the age of 22 , a milestone known in the autism community as “ falling off the cliff , ” a term derived from the fact that virtually all government support expires when an individual with autism reaches what is typically college-graduate age . Faced with extremely limited employment opportunities , many of these individuals stay at home and begin to regress because they have little in the way of meaningful activities .
The D'Eri family decided that was n't going to happen to Andrew . John and Tom formed CanDo Business Ventures in 2011 , a nonprofit focused on finding scalable businesses that could employ people with autism . After much research , they identified the car wash industry as a good match for those with autism since they 're more likely to be engaged by detailed , repetitive processes than those not on the spectrum . A car wash also has the advantage of being open to the public , allowing patrons to witness the value of workers on the spectrum .
“ It 's a really tangible service , ” says Tom . “ So , you leave a car wash and you understand if it 's clean , or if it 's not . You 're gon na see , ‘ oh wow , these guys did a great job , oh hey , all these guys have autism . ' ”
In 2012 , the entire family moved from New York to the greater Miami area to take over a struggling car wash , and on April 1 , 2013 , Rising Tide Car Wash opened for business . It 's a for-profit company , financed by the personal assets amassed by John 's earlier business ventures ; no federal or state grants or subsidies have been received . Employees are found through community partners , such as the Broward County School District and the Center for Autism & Related Disabilities .
Although altruistic in their mission , the D'Eri family prefers to describe individuals on the spectrum as an untapped resource versus people with a disability . John describes Rising Tide as a “ booming success ” and speaks of plans to expand to additional locations in the coming years . Currently , Rising Tide employs 35 individuals on the spectrum . With the goal of three locations by 2016 , John believes that the company will eventually employ more than 150 individuals with autism .
Andrew and the other employees on the spectrum have grown in confidence and their desire to be social has increased . Plus , they 're now part of a larger community of support .
“ We see what Andrew 's life is going to be , ” says Tom . “ We see that he 's going to have a community that 's going to take care of him . And that takes a whole load of stress off the family . ”
The former Deportivo goalkeeper has voiced their opinion that the Los Blancos attacker is flawless , and feels they are the finest forward in the history of the game
Former Porto and Deportivo La Coruna man Nuno believes that Cristiano Ronaldo is the best player in the world , and has described the Real Madrid star as `` the perfect football machine '' .The goalkeeper , who was part of Portugal 's Euro 2008 squad , is of the opinion that the former Manchester United forward is more complete than any other footballer , and therefore rates them above Barcelona 's Lionel Messi , as well as greats such as Pele , Alfredo Di Stefano and Diego Maradona . `` Messi is a great player , but Cristiano is absolutely tremendous . They are the best in the world because he 's the most complete player , '' Nuno was quoted as saying by AS . `` He is fast , powerful , scores goals , has so much quality and always helps their team out defensively if needed . They are the perfect 10 . I have never seen such a perfect football machine . `` Football has changed a lot , and I doubt that players such as Pele , Di Stefano and Maradona could do what Cristiano does now with that intensity . `` Ronaldo netted 46 goals in La Liga in 2011-12 , thus helping Madrid to their first league title since 2007-08.Goal.com will be running a dedicated LIVE ! on Saturday from 11.00-00.00BST to keep you up to date with all the latest about the Champions League final between Bayern Munich and Chelsea , while also offering you the chance to ask our European football editors any questions you have about the game via Goal.com International 's Twitter account , or our Facebook page .
Explore this Article Prepping for Stain Removal Removing the Stain with Paste Solutions Removing the Stain with Liquid Solutions Preventing the Stain Show 1 more ... Show less ... Article Summary Video Related Articles References
wikiHow marks an article as reader-approved once it receives enough positive feedback . This article has over 2,845,228 views , and 88 % of readers who voted found it helpful . It also received 15 testimonials from readers , earning it our reader-approved status . wikiHow is a “ wiki , ” similar to Wikipedia , which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors . To create this article , 45 people , some anonymous , worked to edit and improve it over time . Together , they cited 9 references wikiHow marks an article as reader-approved once it receives enough positive feedback . This article has over 2,845,228 views , and 88 % of readers who voted found it helpful . It also received 15 testimonials from readers , earning it our reader-approved status . Learn more ...
Let 's face it , we 've all dealt with embarrassing armpit stains . However , you can still save your favorite shirt from a trash can extinction . Follow the steps below to remove those stubborn yellow stains and prevent future ones from ruining your wardrobe .
Real Salt Lake brass are staying mum on the possibility of former striker Yura Movsisyan returning to Major League Soccer , but where there 's smoke , there could be fire . It was less than a month ago that Movsisyan 's agent Patrick McCabe spoke with the Salt Lake Tribune 's Chris Kamrani about the possibility of the Armenian striker 's return to their former club , and just this past weekend , Real Salt Lake broadcaster Brian Dunseth said that the story `` has legs . ''
Then , on Thursday afternoon , Movsisyan themselves added to the blaze when they posted a “ Throwback Thursday ” post on Facebook with a photo from their time with RSL , with the Armenian facing off against David Beckham in full claret-and-cobalt regalia .
That post , coupled with a report from the Football Federation of Armenia , stating that Movsisyan had been cleared to undergo a physical in the US , has further fuelled speculation that a return is imminent .
And Dunseth , for one , thinks that the 27-year-old would be an ideal addition for their former club .
“ It 's something that would be a perfect fit in terms of him , the club , Major League Soccer and positionally , ” Dunseth said in a phone interview Thursday . “ [ Movsisyan 's ] an out-and-out goal scorer , which is something every team searches for , especially during the summer transfer window . ”
The summer transfer window for MLS opens on July 8 . RSL especially have struggled to ruffle the back of the net during their first 15 matches this season , scoring only 13 goals , good for third-worst in the league . Movsisyan would provide proven goal-scoring as well as experience and versatility in the attack .
“ He 's a hybrid player. ” Dunseth added . “ He 's a guy that can play in a bunch of different positions . At the end of the day , they want to score goals . They want to win games but you can put them in a bunch of different spots . If you 're talking specifically about Real Salt Lake , any position in the front three , they could be successful . ”
Find more RSL news at RealSaltLake.com
It 's been six years since Movsisyan 's departure from RSL following the team 's inspiring run to MLS Cup . In that time they have experienced an impressive rise through the ranks of European soccer .
They first made their way to Randers FC in the Danish Superliga championship , but soon made a move to FC Krasnodar in the Russian Premier League . While at Krasnodar , Movsisyan scored at an impressive clip , marking 23 goals in 57 appearances , enough to capture the attention of Russian giants FC Spartak Moscow , who reportedly paid a transfer fee of 7.5 million Euros to secure the forward 's services . Despite a handful of injuries in their time there , Movsisyan still posted some outstanding numbers with 22 goals in just 40 appearances .
Since RSL did not receive a transfer fee when Movsisyan left MLS , they retain their rights , which are tradeable . They are reportedly under contract with Spartak for two more years , which means any reunion would likely require a transfer fee .
Dunseth , who is also an analyst for FOX Sports , expressed optimism that a deal could be struck , saying that RSL and Movsisyan would make quite the reunion .
“ It would be seamless transition , '' Dunseth explained . `` He 's familiar with the city . He 's familiar with the club . He 's familiar with some of the players that remain from their time here , from 2007 to 2009 , and I think overall he 's a player that 's matured , both on and off the field . [ He 's ] married with a few kids . He 's traveled the world a little bit and he 's become a full , established international with Armenia . ”
BLUES skipper Paul Gallen pulled out of the opening State of Origin game because they feared they would suffer a career-ending injury .
The Sharks skipper has been replaced by Robbie Farah as NSW captain for the opening game of the series at ANZ Stadium on Wednesday week ( May 27 ) .
“ It 's really disappointing because I love the NSW jersey and I love Origin , ” they said .
ANALYSIS : Why Paul Gallen 's absence could be curtains for NSW
Paul Gallen will miss Origin I . Source : News Corp Australia
“ Having said that , it 's the right decision because the doctor told me if I tear it again , it could be a season-ending injury .
“ Maybe even career ending — who knows ?
“ I 've got to get back for Cronulla too . It 's not just Origin I 'm thinking about . ”
Gallen said it would be unfair to the team if they were chosen but then ruled out during the preparation for the game .
“ The whole business over the last month has been pretty embarrassing , ” they said .
“ I know I 've got a profile but there 's been such much talk in the media about the injury .
“ That 's one of the reasons I decided to pull out .
“ It would n't be fair on the shadow players if they were umming and ahhing about whether I was going to play or not . ”
Gallen said they still wanted to be involved in the Blues ' campaign .
“ I 'd still like to be with the team and I 'll speak to Laurie about that , ” they said .
“ If there is anything I can do to contribute or help the boys I 'll be there .
“ It 's going to be really hard watching from the sidelines but I know deep down it 's the right decision . ”
A recent scam that has been heavily reported on is the Secret Sister Gift Exchange . Since October , the Secret Sister Gift Exchange has become common on several sites like Facebook and Pinterest . Gifting scams are nothing new and they are almost always promoted as a way for you to mutually help others . In reality , they are illegal scams .
Here are the details of how the Secret Sister Gift Exchange Scam works :
Welcome to our secret sister gift exchange ! !
1 ) Send one gift value at least $ 10 to secret sister that is place NUMBER ONE BELOW
2 ) Remove secret sister 's name from # 1 ; then move secret sister # 2 to that spot .
3 ) Add your name to # 2 with your info .
4 ) Then send this info to 6 other ladies with the updated name info
5 ) Copy the secret sister request that I posted on my wall , to your own wall .
If you can not complete this within 1 week please notify me , as it is n't fair to the ladies who have participated and are waiting for their own gifts to arrive .
You can order directly from a web-based service ( Amazon , or any other online shop ) which saves a trip to the post office .
Soon you should receive 36 gifts ! What a deal , 36 gifts for giving just one !
Be sure to include some information about yourself…some of your favorites .
Seldom does anyone drop out because it 's so much fun to send a gift to someone you may or may not know…and of course it 's fun to receive .
You should begin receiving gifts in about 2 weeks if you get your letters out to your 6 people right away !
1 # xxx xxxx
-full address removed-
Rochester , NY 14607
I like books , art , crafts
# 2 xxx xxxx
-full address removed-
Traverse City MI 49685
Then send to 6 ( or more ! ) people that respond to your post ! Thanks a bunch ! ! ! I 'm so excited ! ! ! !
Facebook 's policy prohibits gift exchange programs ( pyramid schemes ) and users who participate could risk having their profiles deleted .
Cash gifting is illegal and in some states you can get up to 7 years of jail time for running one of these scams .
Here is what the ATTORNEY GENERAL Of Michigan has to say about Cash Gifting .
No matter how these schemes are presented , the bottom line is the same for all – cash gifting schemes are illegal… .
All 50 states have laws against pyramid schemes .
Conclusion
Avoid the Secret Sister Gift Exchange Scam . It is a common gifting scam that gets you to participate in a pyramid scheme with the idea of mutually helping others . You may end up losing your Facebook account and have legal problems with the post office and your local authorities .
( Reuters ) - Voters in Newark will pick a new mayor on Tuesday to fill a post held by popular Democrat Cory Booker and steer New Jersey 's largest city as it struggles with an uptick in violent crime , unemployment and a possible state takeover of its finances .
A supporter of Newark 's mayoral candidate Ras Baraka shouts slogans next to a voting center during mayoral elections in Newark , New Jersey , May 13 , 2014 . REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
Booker , who served for seven years as mayor and used their national profile to help attract billions of dollars in investment to Newark , about 12 miles from New York City , is now a U.S . Senator . They won a special election last October to succeed Senator Frank Lautenberg , who died in office .
Former City Council President Luis Quintana has held the interim mayorship .
The two Democratic candidates vying for the job are Shavar Jeffries , 39 , a former assistant attorney general and a civil rights lawyer , and Ras Baraka , 44 , a high school principal , city councilman and the son of the late activist and poet Amiri Baraka .
In this heavily liberal city , a Democrat is virtually guaranteed victory .
The candidates have touted their Newark roots in an election seen as a referendum on the staying power of gains made by Booker , including large-scale investment from Wall Street and Silicon Valley , most visibly a $ 100 million matching grant for school reform from Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg .
The new mayor will also have to tackle the city 's most vexing issues , including a 13 percent unemployment rate among its 277,000 residents and the highest murder rate in more than two decades .
Baraka has called for the implementation of a plan known as Operation Ceasefire that compels gang members to end their affiliation and receive job training and education . Jeffries said crime prevention should include both enforcement , reintegration and treatment programs for low-level offenders and drug users .
Jeffries and Baraka have both made education reforms a centerpiece of their campaign , voicing careful support for the controversial “ One Newark ” school reorganization plan that calls for the consolidation , closure or relocation of one-quarter of the city 's schools .
Newark also faces the threat of a state takeover of its finances after showing an “ extraordinary level of fiscal distress , ” according to a letter sent to city officials from Tom Neff , a state financial officer .
A shortfall in tax revenue could leave the city some $ 93 million short in its operational budget for 2014 . Some $ 30 million of that deficit was racked up in Booker 's last year in office .
New
Highlights :
Patchnotes :
Release date : 17.01.2018 English Sub because NC doesnt allow adding subtitles ) ( last two apply only to the korean region ) 1.items will be divided into 3 new categories . Ancient , Legendary , Ultimate.2 . Items are divided between PVE and PVP attributes.a ) PVE items can be obtained from instancesb ) PVP items can be acquired from battlefields and sieges . They can also be upgraded to the ultimate form using materils gathered from sieges and battlefields.3 . Existing Enchantment Stones and Holy Upgrade Serums will disappear . They will be replaced by new Enchantment stones that focus on either PVE or PVP attributes . They can be used on any item regardless of the slot.4 . Breakthrough has been removed . All items can be enchanted up to level +15 . The increase of stats will be higher for each level than currently . Already enchanted items can still be used.5 . Various new manastones have been added . The number of manastone slots has been reduced to 3.6 . Items can no longer be improved with idians , godstones , augmentation.7 . You will now have a level companion , E Roya , A Cheska.You will perform tasks for them to increase growth.8 . The number of fields will be reduced.During the levelling you will now move fromPoeta - > Heiron - > Inggison - > Signia - > LakrumIshalgen - > Beluslan - > Gelkmaros - > Vengar - > LakrumAdditionally , the locations you will be moving between will have a new look.Some instances will change like for example reduction of required players.9 . Esterra & Nosra will disappear , and instead , there will be a new field called Lakrum.In the new field , you can level up to 80.It should take you 2-3 days to finish all necessary missions and quests.Elyos will complete all major quests and missions on the left side of Lakrum , Asmo on the rightAfter reaching 80 , you will concentrate on the middle and the whole map . Pre-6.0 Item Exchange ( NEW )
In Raqqa , Syria , where ISIS has taken control , and which serves as a home base , or capital , for the upstart terrorist organization , human heads have been impaled on the spikes of fences as a warning to those who oppose the occupation of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria .
In a report on CNN , reporter Nick Paton Walsh gives outsiders a view of the conditions inside Raqqa as the opposition works under the cover of darkness to distribute anti-ISIS messages via graffiti and on posted fliers all around the city . Walsh goes on to show in their video report a recruiting fair by ISIS that targets children only , where those in attendance are told they will be killed if they do not take up the cause to fight for “ god. ” There is a table set up and what looks like colorful toys or nicknacks in plastic wrappers set out to further entice the children to take up arms and fight .
The video ends with the ghastly images of Syrian National troops bodies lying on the sidewalk in downtown Raqqa , their heads removed and set onto the spires on top of the fences that line the government buildings . The barbaric scenes are displayed for all to witness in the busy part of Raqqa , where passersby can not help but see .
ISIS ' use of severed heads as a show of their strength and brutality has been well-documented . Over 50 opposition fighters heads ' were impaled on poles in northern Raqqa this past July and America journalist James Foley was beheaded on camera this past summer , both stories were reported on The Inquisitr . Foley was only the first of now four televised beheadings by ISIS . In response , the U.S. and their allies have stepped up airstrikes in the region to cripple ISIS , and the attacks seem to be working to dismantle strongholds . According to a recent report , the airstrikes have begun to hit and kill ISIS fighters .
But in Raqqa , the citizens fear for their lives and their children are forced to choose to fight for the terrorists or death . The grisly reminder of severed heads on fence pikes tells the citizens of Raqqa that ISIS will go to any lengths to make their point , and their caliphate will go on , even as airstrikes cripple their strongholds all around them .
Do you think that ISIS can be stopped with airstrikes ? Do you think the use of severed heads lining the streets intimidates others to fight for the cause ? Sounds off in the comments below .
hidden
The contribution of mobile industry to the country 's GDP will increase to 8.2 percent by 2020 , a government report said today . The joint report , released by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion and the Department of Telecom , said the industry contributes 6.5 percent to the GDP currently .
`` The mobile industry in India , currently contributing 6.5 percent ( $ 140 billion or roughly Rs . 9,60,783 crores ) to country 's GDP , and employing over 4 million people ( direct and indirect ) , is projected to grow rapidly in the coming years . `` By 2020 , the industry is expected to contribute 8.2 percent to country 's GDP , '' the report said . It attributed the projection to 'The Mobile Economy , India 2016 ' report of global telecom industry body GSMA .
As per the previous data shared by former telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad in Parliament in December , revenue generated by the telecom sector in 2014-15 was Rs . 2,42,900 crores , accounting for 1.94 percent of total GDP . However , the ratio of revenue size and its contribution in terms of percentage to the GDP varies every year due to variation in the growth of economy , the minister had said .
In 2011-12 , the telecom sector accounted for 2.1 percent of GDP with revenue of Rs . 1,85,930 crores , while in the next year it stood at Rs . 2,07,498 crores ( 2.07 percent of GDP ) . The DIPP-DoT report said that the mobile industry will add 800,000 more jobs .
`` In terms of unique mobile phone subscribers , India is expected to cross the 1 billion mark by 2020 . India will see an increase in adoption of 4G services with number of 4G connections estimated to grow to 280 million by 2020 from just 3 million in 2015 , '' the report said . Total Foreign Direct Investment in telecom sector from April 2014 to March 2016 was around $ 4.19 billion ( roughly Rs . 28,729 crores ) .
Investment in telecom operator Vodafone leads the chart with investment of $ 1,500.79 million ( roughly Rs . 10,299 crores ) followed by Videocon International Electronics with $ 719.76 million , Telenor $ 573.15 million , Sistema Shyam Teleservices $ 451.83 million , Bharti Infratel $ 240.37 million , Idea Cellular $ 123.22 million . Mobile manufacturing units generated 38,300 new jobs in last two years with Taiwanese electronics company Foxconn being top employer with workforce of 8,000 .
PTI
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp . For all the buzz on the latest tech and science , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
As I watch STAR WARS : THE CLONE WARS early in the A.M. on a Saturday morning , I began to think about the clone troopers and the fact that the Jedi just use them as objects , no different than the Separatist droids . Honestly , are the Jedi morally right for just leading the clones into battle ? I think the Separatist did right to use droids instead of clones like the Republic . This is what I think about the Republic and the Jedi for their use of clones . I would first like to make it clear that if these clones had a choice in whether they wanted to join the military , I would not have a problem . It 's different to use clones that have been created for the sole purpose of dying in a war that both sides are destined to lose . So in the end they really fought for nothing .
First , Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas was wrong for deciding to create a clone army . As a Jedi , they should respect all life forms . This act goes against that line of thought . They are creating life for the sole purpose of controlling these people and making them fight for the Jedi . Am I the only one who sees how messed up this is ? Most of you know that I am no fan of the Jedi . They have a long list of crimes that I could go on about , but I will stay on topic and only focus on this one . Granted , the Jedi Council did n't know what Sifo-Dyas did , so I ca n't be upset with them for their doing , but after they found out about the clones they were quick to use them . I ca n't believe no one on the Council said , `` Hey . Should n't we ask these guys if they want to fight for us ? Should we at least tell them what 's going on ? '' Nope . The Jedi Council saw an opportunity to get a valuable asset and they took it .
Secondly , am I the only person who thinks the process of age acceleration is messed up on so many levels ? The Jedi Council did n't have a say in growth acceleration , but they could have put an end to it . How cruel is it to not only make these clones fight , but after the Republic is done with them they want to have them die as quickly as possible . They want us to think the reason was because no fully trained warrior could be created in such little time , but we know Palpatine probably wanted the clones out the picture after the war anyway . This is what really makes me feel sorry for the clones . They do n't even get to enjoy a full life . How could the `` protectors '' of `` peace and justice '' allow something like this to take place ... right under their watch ?
To some citizens of the Galactic Republic , this act was wrong . I think if I lived in the Star Wars universe I might be one of these protesters with signs saying , `` Stop cloning violence . '' Just like these ladies and gentlemen who protested at the Jedi Temple . To the Jedi and Republic , the clones were just property . I think they were so much more . A shame they never got to live the life they wanted to live .
I ca n't be the only Star Wars fan out there that thinks this way ? Do you think the clone troopers should have gotten a choice in whether or not they want to fight in the war ? Should the Republic have used droids like the Confederacy did ? I would love to know what your thoughts on the matter are .
The beta version of the Torrex BitTorrent client for the Xbox One is now officially available . People who want to participate in the beta can now sign up to check it out .
In order to try out the Xbox One beta , Torrex users can email the developer FineBits OÜ at info @ finebits.com with their Xbox Live Gamertag and their Microsoft Account ID . The Torrex app will allow Xbox One owners to Torrex to download , seed , and even play , and video files downloaded .
Browser for Torrex is here !
Due to Xbox developer limits , users will need to add the torrent files via an external USB drive and not through the Edge browser . However , FineBits OÜ does have a solution to this issue , which is why they developed their own browser that can hand-off torrent files to Torrex when on the Xbox . The app is just called 'Internet Browser ' by FineBits OÜ , and it is a free add-on .
Users are strongly encouraged to download and use this app on the Xbox One in conjunction with Torrex for the full experience .
`` Batman is overrated ! Batman should n't have won ! ''
`` Batman Fanboys are the worst ! They think he 's invincible ''
Well , look .. the reason batman haters say `` Batman 's overrated ! '' is because you ca n't stand the fact they could out-smart their opponents who are physically better than him . Batman 's speed , deception , smarts , and skill make them the perfect human . Which you batman haters love to underestimate him , you underestimate how smart someone can be , you underestimate how fast , strong , I bet none of you would even believe a human can lift over 1000+ lbs if that one human had n't done it in real life . But you had to see it . In other words , you underestimate your own race until someone makes you eat those words .
`` Batman fanboys are the worst ! They think he 's invincible '' That 's only some . Not all , I know batman is mortal , but batman 's definitely damn near above humanity . IMO , I consider them a semi-superhuman because they definitely are n't a super-human but they are waaaay too good to be considered just `` a human '' . Ever heard of the Bruce Lee saying * '' I would n't be worried about the man who 's practiced 10,000 kicks , I 'd be worried about the man who 's practiced 1 kick 10,000 times '' * ? In other words , it 's saying Quality does n't equal Quantity . Well , batman 's practiced 1 kick over 10,000 times ( he mastered it .. ) and practiced 10,000 kicks ( an exaggeration to say he 's mastered many many many kicks ) , he 's got Quantity and Quality . What would Bruce say to that ? Ever heard the saying `` Brains beats Brawn '' ? Batman 's got both . The hell do you expect when someone like batman is going against someone like Capt . America who has * mostly * brawn ?
Batman has the tendency to outsmart their foes . A lot . I 'd say if they had a superpower , it 'd simply be to stack the odds into their favor . Batman plans and plans and plans . And by planning I mean during a battle . He 's observant . They use their analyzing skills in fighting and observes everything their opponent does . Sometimes they could simply win by sheer skill , others , strategic planning . Batman does n't need to do a whole preparation before a fight . They could prep during a fight , honestly . They have all they need . Their brain , their brawn , and their gadgets . Specifically , their tactical awareness , their skills and talents , and their gadgets .
Now I do n't want batman to win each and every single fight , because at the end of the day , he 's human . No human is perfect . Plus batman winning fights back-to-back would just be boring . Maybe that 's superman 's issue . Their creator tried to make them perfect .
UC Irvine researchers have identified the brain mechanism that switches off traumatic feelings associated with bad memories , a finding that could lead to the development of drugs to treat panic disorders .
Scientists from UCI and the University of Muenster in Germany found that a small brain protein called neuropeptide S is involved in erasing traumatic responses to adverse memories by working on a tiny group of neurons inside the amygdala where those memories are stored .
`` The exciting part of this study is that we have discovered a completely new process that regulates the adverse responses to bad memories , '' said Rainer Reinscheid , pharmacology and pharmaceutical sciences associate professor at UCI . `` These findings can help the development of new drugs to treat conditions in which people are haunted by persistent fears , such as posttraumatic stress disorder or other panic disorders . '' The study appears in the July 31 issue of Neuron .
In tests , scientists exposed mice to situations that caused adverse memories . The scientists saw that when NPS receptors in amygdala neurons are blocked , the traumatic responses to bad memories persisted longer . In turn , when scientists treated the mice with compounds activating these receptors , traumatic responses disappeared faster .
After a traumatic experience , environmental cues often become associated with the bad experience and re-exposure to the same environment can trigger fearful emotions or even panic attacks , according to Reinscheid .
Other research has shown that forgetting such negative experiences may require `` new learning , '' such as re-exposure to the place where the original experience occurred but this time without any harmful consequences . Reinscheid said this process , called the extinction of memories , occurs in both humans and laboratory animals such as mice . Until this study , scientists did not know about the specific neurons and molecules involved with extinction learning of fear memories in the brain .
Previous work by Reinscheid 's group has shown that NPS is involved in regulating wakefulness and anxiety . Last year , they found evidence that a particular genetic variant of the NPS receptor may increase vulnerability to panic disorder .
Stewart D. Clark , Naoe Okamura , Dee M. Duangdao , Yan-Ling Xu of UC Irvine , and Kay Juengling , Thomas Seidenbecher , Ludmila Sosulina , Joerg Lesting , Susan Sangha and Hans-Christian Pape of the University of Muenster also worked on this study , which was funded in part by the National Institute of Mental Health .
Story highlights A doctor in Kobani expresses gratitude for airdropped medical supplies
A U.S. official says that of 28 bundles dropped , one went outside a target zone
A video shows what appears to be an ISIS fighter next to a bundle
CNN can not independently confirm whether that bundle is from a U.S. airdrop
Turkish-Syrian border ( CNN ) In the besieged Syrian city of Kobani , precious medicine rains from the sky .
Antibiotics , anesthetics , sanitary supplies and bandages -- all desperately needed to treat local fighters and civilians wounded during the siege of this crucial town near the Turkish border .
U.S. airplanes are dropping medical supplies and weapons into this Kurdish city as defenders try to beat back the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS .
JUST WATCHED The dangers of airdrops in ISIS territory Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The dangers of airdrops in ISIS territory 05:53
JUST WATCHED U.S. airdrops could turn Kobani battle Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. airdrops could turn Kobani battle 01:34
JUST WATCHED ISIS says it seized arms dropped by U.S. Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH ISIS says it seized arms dropped by U.S. 01:59
Not long ago , Kobani 's fall to ISIS seemed certain . But foreign airstrikes and airdropped supplies could help turn the tide .
`` We thank the people who brought these medical supplies , '' said Dr. Walat Omar , who has been braving enemy artillery for weeks to treat the wounded at a makeshift clinic .
Read More
Seahawks fans are the absolute best in the entire NFL . I do n't think it 's really that close . The ferver with which fans stand and yell at games is impressive , and envied by other fanbases around the league . That does n't mean there is n't always room to improve though ... I think we could all benefit from a modest attempt to put on our best Russell Wilson and ask ourselves , `` What can I do today to be better ? ''
Hydrate
Whatever that means to you , works for me . I 'd like to pretend I care about your body , and that I mean to keep you in tip top condition , but I do n't . I 'm just concerned about your voice . Keep your whistle wet . Water , beer , whatever you 've got in that plastic flask ... I do n't care really ( as long as you 're being responsible , if you know what I mean ) as long as you keep the voice box in working condition .
For those of you not made of money , grab your water bottles immediately outside the stadium . Most every booth sells them for $ 1 , which is an 80 % discount on those same bottles being sold inside the stadium . I always buy three , plenty of water to go around that way , and still for less than a single bottle inside the Clink .
EDIT : Thanks to Dick5 for this tip . Bring a pack of Halls cough drops . This is something I do whenever I can . It helps a decent bit . I 'll go through a whole pack in a game though , which according to the warning on the label is terrible for you .
Fuel Up BEFORE the game
Fatal error I see made by fans around me at every game I 've ever attended ... trying to hold -and eat- food while watching football . There is no table in front of you . You ca n't simply `` set your nachos down '' while in the stands ... Big plays are going to happen in our Hawks ' favor , lord knows I hope so . Do n't lose your food while jumping up and down with the cute chick all dressed up in a Russ Wilson jersey next to you .
Show up early enough to walk around outside for a bit , grab a hot dog . Both your wallet and the woman in front of you who 's head you will NOT spill nacho cheese sauce onto will thank you .
Yell towards the opposing players
This might
A : Seem like it does n't matter much . And ..
B : Seem so simple that there ca n't possibly be anyone not already doing it . But ..
The difference between 45,000 fans yelling directly at the opposing huddle and 60,000 yelling directly at the opposing huddle is significant . I see people failing to yell in the optimal direction often enough , and I wanted an excuse to make a picture of Colin Kaepernick crying .
Yelling , whistling , hooting and hollering all make their largest disturbance when directed at the other guys . Not straight out into the air , or towards the space needle or whatever . Easy peasy .
When to scream , yell and cause a ruckus
I 'll break down the chain of action that occurs every time the offense real quick for you here .
Previous play ends . Coordinator decides what the call is , then radios it into the quarterback . The QB then huddles everyone up and gives the play call to the other offensive players . The players line up , the quarterback and offensive lineman make any pre-snap adjustments they need to and snap the ball .
Rinse . Repeat .
So I made a handy chart showing the moments during which crowd noise is most capable of causing a disturbance for the offense . Feel free to pass this around , I think it 's pretty good information .
Carpool , bus or train
Parking is expensive around the Clink these days . Free parking within a reasonable distance from the stadium disappears earlier than most of you will be showing up , and fees can be as much as thirty to forty dollars to park near the stadium .
Check out the Seahawks transportation guide . It breaks down some great ways to get to the stadium . If you are anywhere near one of the Sounder stops , that 's the best way to get to and from the game if you ask me . It 's under ten bucks , drops you off at the King street station just outside the stadium , and does n't leave until a half hour after the game . No worrying about leaving early to beat traffic !
If you know your way around the transit system , busses are a great way to go as well . And worst case , carpool . Get to use the diamond lane , and you can probably con those freeloaders into paying part ( or all if you 're a shrewd negotiator ) of your parking tab .
Saturday 's game is the biggest we 've had here in Centurylink in some time , and one of the bigger ones ever . Ticket prices were through the roof early in the week , three to four times face value in many cases , but have dropped in the past couple of days due to some over saturation . Too many ticket holders seeing green , instead of green and blue I suppose .
I 'm not here to chastise people looking to make a buck though , that 's not my business . Quite frankly I 'm happy it 's drove prices down a bit , as many hardcore fans ca n't afford five to six hundred dollars to get into a game . If you 're reading this , and are on the fence about whether or not you should splurge and drop some coin on tickets ... trust me it 's worth it if you 're able . Seahawks games are an absolute blast .
I 've been lucky enough to attend some great games in the two years since I manned up and got a pair of season tickets . Sidney Rice 's late touchdown to beat the Patriots in the `` U Mad Bowl '' , two absolute beats down 's of the Niners , a big win over the Saints . I know exactly how loud both 136.6 and 137.6 decibels are too .
It 's fun , that 's what I 'm saying . Five person stranger hugs , chants . I 'm not ashamed to say my eyes well up with tears as the 12th man flag is raised ... I simply ca n't help it . The moment is moving .
Is this working ? Are you loading up the ticket exchange yet ? If so , I look forward to seeing hearing you on Saturday !
And as always , I 'm on Twitter ...
Follow @ WalterSeahawk
A couple weeks ago , when Harrison Barnes shadowed Zach Randolph in Game 4 of the Grizzlies-Warriors series , the Memphis big man was confused . They looked around , did some mental math .
“ Who are you guarding ? ” Randolph finally asked .
“ You , ” Barnes said .
“ Seriously ? ” Randolph asked .
Barnes smiles at the memory . “ He was shocked because it 's like , ‘ If you 're guarding me then somebody else should be wide open . ' But then they ca n't find that guy . ' ”
One can understand Randolph 's confusion . Here they are , one of the best low-post players in the league , being guarded by a wiry wing ceding maybe 50 pounds .
Offended , Randolph set to work , going at Barnes while narrating the action . “ Z-Bo is probably the only person I 've ever met who talks trash to you while he 's shooting the ball , ” says Barnes . “ He kept saying , ‘ C'mere little fella ! ' and ‘ Hold this , little fella ! ' And he 'd say it as they were shooting a jump hook . ”
Regardless , the Warriors ' gambit worked—in this case with Andrew Bogut playing a roving help defense role—just as the team 's unconventional defensive schemes have so often this season .
Sometimes , the 6 ' 8 ” Barnes is the tallest player on the court , with 6 ' 7 ” Draymond Green playing center . Sometimes all five players switch on pick-and-rolls . Sometimes they play Bogut alongside a bunch of skinny perimeter specialists . The Warriors will go small against small units but also against big ones , as they did in Game 2 against Houston , when Green guarded Dwight Howard straight up for stretches .
• MORE NBA : SI cover story : Steph Curry 's next stage could be the Finals
Of course , the Warriors are uniquely equipped to pull off these schemes , stocked with a bevy of long , smart defenders and a rim protector , Bogut , who cleans up a lot of mistakes when he 's in the game . Even so , the system only works if the wings can do a credible job of holding their own in the paint , both straight up and on switches . It 's not something players like Barnes ever anticipated doing in the NBA . After all , what small forward expects to guard Marc Gasol or Z-Bo ?
In Barnes ' case , the team chose them for a reason . Warriors assistant coach Luke Walton , who is 6 ' 8 ” and maybe 250 or so these days , often works with players in the post during and after practices , banging and bumping away . All the while , he 's gauging who possesses Skinny Guy Strength and who does n't . “ There are only so many wings that can guard the post , ” says Walton . “ You have to be very strong . ”
Over the years , Walton has been surprised at who qualifies . Trevor Ariza , for example . “ When I first played with Trevor in L.A. they looked skinny so I thought I 'd get them down there early . But he 's got that wiry strength so I was like , ‘ OK , I got to change my game plan . ' As opposed to other guys , you hit them once and you can feel them , a little light. ” Another player on the Lakers surprised them as well . “ I remember the first time I tried to post Derek Fisher up , they almost broke my back . I was like ‘ OK , I 'm going to leave Fish alone . ' ”
From the start , the Warriors staff realized Barnes was one of those guys . “ He 's not only very strong , to the core strong , but he 's very quick , ” says Walton . “ So they can use that to their advantage too . We feel like big guys battling against Harrison , as strong as they are , is n't as much of an advantage as them trying to guard Harrison on the other end with how quick they are and shooting from the outside . ”
• MORE NBA : SI 's 10 best Stephen Curry stories | SI 's NBA magazine feature
Ron Adams , the Warriors ' defensive guru , agrees . “ He likes guarding people in the post , ” says Adams , who foresees a league full of Harrison Barnes ' in the future . “ I think the way our game is progressing it 's going to be demanded of a lot of people , ” they say . For now , Barnes provides a glimpse of that future . “ He 's a very versatile defender and their fundamentals are solid . He 's up for the challenge . ”
Being up for the challenge is one thing ; knowing what to do is another . Earlier this season , the Warriors decided to test Barnes . During a January home game against the Pacers , they put them on Indiana 's reserve bigs , Luis Scola and Lavoy Allen , for stretches . It did not go well . Barnes says they got ducked in repeatedly , and Allen finished with 12 points and nine rebounds on 5-of-6 shooting . “ Coach and I talked after the game and broke it down , ” says Barnes . “ He said you need to get better at this in case we try it in the playoffs . ”
In the months that followed , Barnes worked at it . There was no formal training , but watch them and Green now , banging against Howard and other bigs , and certain strategies stand out .
First off , as Adams preaches incessantly , do your work early . Wait until a big man has the ball and you 're toast . “ If someone like Z-Bo gets the ball in the middle of the paint , there 's not much you can do , ” explains Barnes . “ If Conley and Gasol are running a weakside pick , and you 're guarding Z-Bo on this side , you know he 's going to duck in . So you have to be prepared . Maybe you front , workaround to a three-fourths , then get behind him , force them to their right hand . It 's the little things that can save you. ” Barnes pauses . “ Because if it 's a Josh Smith and Dwight Howard screen and I switch on Dwight and get lazy and sit there and Dwight seals in , I ca n't meet them at the rim and they get a dunk . ”
Once the big gets the ball , the goal is to make them uncomfortable . “ A lot of times guys that are n't used to guarding in the post will try to lean all their weight into somebody that 's bigger , and use an arm bar and a hand , but they do n't really understand the angles , ” explains Walton .
Instead , Walton counsels getting your chest into the bigger man . “ When I see them start to go , instead of of letting them make the contact , I want to hit them with my chest . ”
Next , do n't try to play a big the way bigs do . “ It 's like posting up a small forward instead of a point guard , ” says Barnes . “ As soon as I face up against a point guard he 's going to eat that space up , be a nuisance . As soon as I put the ball on the floor , he 's going to try to reach , to try to steal . A guy like Dwight , I 'm not going to sit there and try to say , ‘ OK , I 'm going to stand you up right here . ' ” Instead , Barnes says he 'll try to reach , dig and “ speed them up a bit , ” make them do something he 's not accustomed to doing .
There are other important concepts : Do your homework , learn tendencies , push the big toward the help . Then there is the unique psychology of the situation—call it “ Mouse in the House ” impatience . “ When a big has a little on him , he 's going to want the ball no matter what , ” says Walton . “ He 'll be willing to take them another four feet out instead of have the ball go somewhere else. ” Indeed , merely the perception of a juicy matchup can alter a team 's entire offensive flow .
But , as Memphis found out , just because something looks like a mismatch , it does n't mean it is .
Tuesday – Sunday | April – October
Discover how “ America 's Founding River ” led to the settlement and success of Richmond . Explore the heart of Richmond on a leisurely tour with one food stop and stunning sights along the river . Modern murals , historic canals , and lively rapids , are all part of this exciting tour along a protected bike path of the James River and Capitol Trail .
“ Had the best time ! Lots of interesting information , beautiful sights , and an easy , fun ride. ” – Lorrie
Price : $ 49 per person and includes tour , water , bike rental and bike helmet .
Length : 2 hours
Parking : On Street
Meeting place : At the Valentine First Freedom Center , 14 South 14th Street
Tour Notes Reservations are required . Book at least 2 hours in advance at www.richmondrides.net/book-now .
Tours presented by Richmond Rides are not eligible for the Valentine Member rate or any other discounts .
Ability Level : Intermediate , Flat Course
Bicycle tours are offered in partnership with Richmond Rides .
Image courtesy of Richmond Rides .
EDIT : It is important to note that although I 'm a survivor , I do n't speak for all survivors . Our voices are all important , which is why I 'm speaking up , but my experience is not true for anyone but myself .
PAX is not , and has never been , a safe place for me to be .
In 2008 , I went to PAX for the first time . Despite all of the male gamers trying to tell me how to play StarCraft , despite all of the hungry looks , despite all of the catcalls , it was the most welcome I have ever felt at the con . And this was the year I met the man who raped me .
They instantly bothered me . They were clingy but arrogant and dismissive . But they were a friend of friends , friends who insisted they were “ a decent person but takes some getting used to , ” and also “ totally harmless. ” Wrong on both counts . Over the course of the weekend , they singled me out several times , telling me that they could tell I was into him , and that I should stop resisting their advances . At one point they had grabbed me by the wrist and dragged me outside , down the block . They took me away from the safety of my friend 's apartment , into the streets of an unfamiliar town , at dark .
Many excruciating things transpired in the next six weeks . I was endlessly harassed and bullied by this man . I was kidnapped on my twenty-first birthday . I was woken up in the middle of the night , over and over again . So I did everything I could to distance myself from him , but because they were a friend of my friends , I just could n't get away from him . I asked my friends to not leave me alone in the same room with him . I asked them to always check in with me when they saw me on Vent or AIM .
And six weeks later , they showed up at my door .
I lived alone . And I mean ALONE . No roommates , no local friends . I did n't even know a neighbor in the complex who could help me . They forced their way into my home with the singular intent of raping me . I only remember little pieces of what happened ( thank you , traumatized brain , for protecting me ) . I remember very clearly trying hard to breathe and trying hard not to cry . I remember thinking , “ If you can just survive , you can put the pieces back together later . ”
For six months , I was a broken human being . I quit my job . I stopped going to classes . And I started drinking . Once , I reached out to another member of my WoW guild to tell them what had happened , only to be completely cut off from them and the rest of my guild . Like many victims , I felt ashamed and guilty about being raped . Some days , I even felt like it was my fault . Like , “ If only I had not gone to this convention where all of these men told me they want to do terrible things to me , maybe I would not be such a fucking wreck right now . ”
I realized right away that was not the right train of thought . After all , I 'd just met plenty of awesome people at PAX ! Many of them were not interested in causing me bodily harm at all !
Remember : 2008 was the most positive experience I had with PAX . I have attended six consecutive PAXes , each more discouraging and toxic than the last . To be fair , there is always fun to be had at PAX . It 's a neat convention . Except when you get down to some of the people who attend it .
I used to think that the man who raped me was in the minority . That the men who shouted obscene things at me just did n't fucking know any better , because hey , we 're all geeks . We 're not exactly known for possessing stellar social skills . I used to think that the men attending PAX who did n't respect , or even like , women were the exceptions instead of the rule . But now I know better . Because Gabe told me so .
In 2010 , the Dickwolves strip was published . It was n't a funny joke to begin with—treating victims as punchlines is never funny to me—but as a rape survivor it offended me and made me question my value to the community . Obviously Penny Arcade has never really catered to me , not really , but this was the first instance where I felt worse than worthless to them . This was the first instance that I realized the founders of the community would rather make jokes at my expense , at the risk of my safety , than admit that they were wrong and withdraw their statement .
So on Monday , when Gabe 's statement about regretting the retraction of the Dickwolves merch was met with raucous cheers of agreement , my stomach churned . My vision went blurry . I felt dizzy . That entire room of people supports them making money from minimizing the most excruciating experience of my life . The entire room validated their stance . Every cheer reaffirmed their belief that rape is something to laugh at and to profit from .
Let me be clear : I do not think all members of the PAX community are rape apologists . In fact , I think many of these people are wonderful humans . But the community has progressed to a place where it is UNSAFE for me to even say that I 'm offended . Let me say that again : standing up for myself within the Penny Arcade community has become a threat to my physical well being .
I do n't even know what else to say . But why the fuck do I have to be the one to say it ?
On Tuesday , the Metropolitan Museum of Art announced the new theme for next year 's Costume institute exhibition : “ Manus x Machina : Fashion in an Age of Technology. ” The upcoming exhibition will focus on the dichotomy between handmade haute couture and machine-made fashion . “ Traditionally , the distinction between the haute couture and prêt-à-porter was based on the handmade and the machine-made , ” explains Andrew Bolton , curator of the Costume Institute . “ But recently this distinction has become increasingly blurred as both disciplines have embraced the practices and techniques of the other . ”
The show will feature more than 100 pieces of fashion , both haute couture and ready-to-wear . Several handmade couture items , featuring techniques such as embroidery , pleating , and lacework , will be juxtaposed with machine-made designs showcasing new technologies like laser cutting , thermo shaping , and circular knitting . The exhibition will also have several “ in process ” workshops , including 3-D printing , in which the public will be able to see these designs take shape .
The museum also announced the 2016 Met Gala will take place on Monday , May 2 and will be hosted by cochairs Idris Elba , Jonathan Ive , Taylor Swift , and Anna Wintour . Nicolas Ghesquière , Karl Lagerfeld , and Miuccia Prada will serve as honorary chairs , and the gala and accompanying exhibition will be sponsored by Apple .
ALL of Victoria 's mobile speed cameras are to be replaced with “ supercams ” that are the most effective in the world at catching leadfoots .
The new hi-tech cameras will be able to snap speeding motorists from both the front and rear , and across up to eight lanes of traffic .
So a camera car parked on one side of the road could get motorists travelling towards it on the opposite side as well as those driving in the direction it is facing .
Infra-red technology means they are just as effective at night as during the day .
Police Minister Kim Wells will on Saturday reveal plans to replace every one of Victoria 's 141 mobile speed cameras with the supercams within four years .
WILL THE NEW CAMERAS IMPROVE ROAD SAFETY ? HAVE YOUR SAY BELOW
The ageing mobile cameras now used rake in more than $ 100 million a year ; state-of-the-art supercams could easily double that .
Supercams being able to snap vehicles in both directions at the same time will lessen the problem of the thousands of speeding motorcyclists who escape fines every year because their bikes are not required to have front numberplates .
More than 20,000 have sped past the state 's front-facing traffic cameras in the past four years .
Of motorcyclists snapped by mobile speed cameras in 2011-12 , 55 per cent escaped a fine because they could n't be identified .
The Victorian Government 's world wide hunt for the most sophisticated mobile speed camera available will start next week .
Supercams which catch motorists across eight lanes as they speed towards and away from the camera are already in use outside Australia .
Mr Wells said an initial $ 17.1 million had already been allocated to buy the first batch of supercams .
“ Technology in this area is advancing rapidly and we will explore all options to make Victoria 's road safety camera network as strong as it can be , ” Mr Wells told the Herald Sun .
“ We will be looking at everything the market has to offer , including the potential to capture front and rear licence plates and speeding vehicles across multiple lanes .
“ We know the majority of motorists do the right thing and comply with the speed limit . The latest advances in technology can assist us in catching those who do n't . ”
Mr Wells said expanding the state 's speed camera system was a key part of Victoria 's 10-year Road Safety Strategy .
“ This new technology will send a strong message to all road users - take your time , it 's cheaper than a fine , ” they said .
Speed camera commissioner Gordon Lewis - who first highlighted the problem of lack of frontal recognition allowing motorcyclists to escape speeding fines - welcomed the promised supercams .
“ It is excellent that the Government is seeking to upgrade Victoria 's traffic camera system , ” they said .
keith.moor @ news.com.au
The Colorado Department of Corrections on Wednesday said former UC Riverside student James Holmes , sentenced to life in prison for murdering 12 people and wounding dozens of others , has been transferred to federal prison .
“ The State sought to place the inmate in the Federal System several months ago , but placement required finding space at a facility that could provide appropriate security , ” the department said in a news release . “ That space recently became available and the move to the Federal prison was secured . ”
Late Wednesday , the federal Bureau of Prisons had not announced where Holmes was transferred . Early Thursday morning , Holmes ' location was updated to USP Allenwood , a high-security federal prison in Pennsylvania , according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons inmate tracker .
Holmes , who is serving 12 consecutive life sentences plus more than 3,000 years extra , was transferred out of state in January 2016 , a few months after they were attacked at a maximum-security prison in Colorado in an incident that also injured a guard .
Holmes was sentenced in August 2015 for the Aurora theater shooting .
Holmes was housed at the Colorado State Penitentiary , where they were assaulted on Oct. 8 , 2015 . After moving Holmes out of state , Colorado prison officials refused to disclose where they were being held , causing public controversy and deep concern for survivors and their families .
In June 2016 , after two hours of debate , the Department of Public Safety 's Victims Rights Act Subcommittee split 3-3 over whether the Colorado corrections was breaking the law by refusing to tell theater shooting victims of Holmes ' location . The deadlock kept the secretive location at status quo .
At that point , state prison officials would say only that Holmes had been moved to an out-of-state prison to protect their and correctional officers ' safety .
Theresa Hoover , mother of Alexander “ AJ ” Boik , an 18-year-old murdered by Holmes , at the subcommittee meeting referred to the non-disclosure as “ unconscionable . ”
“ I do n't think it 's right , ” they said at the time . “ I do n't think it 's fair for the victims not to know . ”
Arapahoe County District Attorney George Brauchler , the lead prosecutor in the Aurora theater shooting case , said Wednesday night that they hope Holmes will be back in Colorado .
“ My great hope is he 'll be moved to Colorado in federal custody , ” Brauchler said . “ He can serve out the remainder of their life under Colorado skies , where they committed their crimes . ”
Brauchler does n't want to see Holmes serve their sentence in California , where the inmate 's family lives .
“ I 'm pleased that after all these many , many months of obfuscation by the state government here that these family victims are finally going to get the peace of mind , knowing that the guy who murdered their loved ones , they 'll know where they are , ” Brauchler said .
Brauchler said he 'd like to now know where Holmes has been since they dropped off the radar screen .
“ There is no longer any reason for the Department of Corrections to not disclose where they are , ” Brauchler said . “ I 'd like to know what the conditions were . ”
Washing a single polyester jacket or spandex yoga pants can send tiny synthetic microfibres into waterways , where they can absorb toxins and get eaten by marine species . The invisible nightmare , coming out from many households ' washing machines , was uncovered by a study made by environmental experts from Bren School of Environmental Science and Management , University of California , Santa Barbara .
The study was conducted by a team of researchers in the United States that included environmental scientist Niko Hartline and Patagonia environmental research associate Stephanie Karba . Among the findings was that synthetic jackets release about 1.7 grammes from the washing machine after laundering . The complete report was recently published in the journal Environmental Science & Technology .
Microfibre masses
In essence , microfibre masses were recovered from conventional machine washing of new or old garments made of synthetic textiles . Polyester , acrylic , nylon are petroleum-based plastics spun into very tiny threads to comprise typical fabrics people wear . When laundered in washing machines , the clothing pieces release microfibre particles that eventually end up in oceans .
Environmental experts opine that microfibre is even more abundant in lakes and rivers than microbeads in some shampoos and body wash . Wool apparel and cotton clothing shed fibers , too , but those materials biodegrade .
It can be noted that in 2011 , a similar study entitled `` Accumulation of Microplastic on Shorelines Woldwide , '' was conducted by researchers from Ireland , Australia , Canada and United Kingdom . They found that a large quantity of microplastic fibres found in the marine environment emanate from sewage as a consequence of washing of clothes .
As people use more synthetic textiles , contamination of habitats and animals by microplastic was foreseen to increase back then . Now it has become an alarming reality .
What industry and consumers can do about it
Mitigation measures to lessen the release of microfibre into the environment after laundering may be done with the cooperation of apparel manufacturers , but it will entail substantial changes . Responsible clothes manufacturers would have to conduct their own analyses of their product lines to assess how they are contributing to microsynthetic fibre pollution . policymakers , consumers and waste managers may also contribute their share to lessen the negative environmental impact .
The bottom line is that the shedding of microfibre in the wash can be limited . Wastewater treatment plants upgrading was not deemed a feasible way to curb microfiber pollution .
In any case , people can exert greater vigilance to help keep microfibre out of the ocean . The study findings may prompt customers to realise the importance of opting for high quality garments , instead of settling for clothes that shed during the laundering process .
Advertisement
Private information is big business and everyone is trying to watch you . The secret services , governments , Microsoft , cyber-criminals , and your creepy neighbor from across the street all want to know what you 're doing , all the time .
While it 's almost impossible to remove yourself from the global grid completely , there are some steps you can take to reduce your information footprint .
The best place to start is with your browser . It 's your main portal to the web , so using a more secure option will make a big difference to your privacy 7 Essential Privacy Settings for Chrome OS and Google Chrome 7 Essential Privacy Settings for Chrome OS and Google Chrome Using a Chromebook , but concerned about privacy ? Tweak these 7 settings in the Chrome browser on Chrome OS to stay secure online . Read More . Simply enabling private browsing in your current browser is n't enough .
Here are four private browsers that are ( almost ) completely anonymous .
Available on : Windows , Mac , Linux
The Tor network has one simple goal : anonymous communication . It 's the best private web browser available and the best browser for using the dark web The Best Dark Web Browser for Your Device The Best Dark Web Browser for Your Device Want to access the dark web ? You need to use a dark web browser that can take you there and protect your privacy too . Read More .
The network aims to protect a user 's location , browser history , personal data , and online messages from any person or bot that 's performing network traffic analysis .
How It Works
Network traffic analysis is arguably the most powerful weapon in a data collector 's armory . It can track your behavior and interests for advertising companies , it can lead to price discrimination on online shopping sites based on location , it can even reveal your identity to people who might want to silence or harm you .
Basic encryption techniques do n't protect you against traffic analysis . Data sent over the internet has two key aspects : the payload and the header .
The payload is the actual data ( for example , the contents of an email ) ; the header helps the data get to its destination . It includes information such as source , size , and timestamps . Encryption can only hide the payload , not the header .
And that 's when Tor comes in . It sends your internet traffic through so many individual relays and tunnels that the header is nonsensical to traffic analysis tools . In simple terms , instead of going directly from A to B , the network sends your traffic on a maze-like route through many locations .
A sniffer looking at a single point on that route has no way to tell where the traffic originated or where it 's going .
Browser Features
To access the Tor network , you need to use the Tor Browser . It 's so secure that the US Navy uses it for intelligence gathering . Tor is also used by law enforcement organizations who want to visit websites without leaving government IP addresses in the site 's log .
You do n't need to install any software on your machine ; the browser is a portable app that can live on a USB stick . It means you can use the service regardless of what computer you 're working on , even if it 's in a public location such as a library or university .
The design of the browser will be instantly recognizable to Firefox users , but there are a couple of notable changes . The biggest difference is the integration of NoScript ; it 's included by default . Unlike the regular NoScript add-on—which can be complicated to use—the Tor version has an easy-to-use slider to manage your privacy .
There are also some downsides to using the Tor Browser . For most users , the biggest issue is speed . Because your traffic is taking such a twisty route to get to its destination , your browsing experience will not be as fast . If you have a good connection , it might not be an issue , but if your internet speed is slow , Tor might become painful to use .
Ultimately , while Tor is the most anonymous browser option , it does n't guarantee anonymity . Taking online risks—such as downloading torrents or illegally streaming live TV—will still leave you vulnerable . But when compared to the mainstream browsers like Chrome and Safari , there is no contest .
Available on : Windows , Mac
Epic Browser does n't use a specialized onion network , but it does immediately disable lots of the most common ways your privacy is comprised when you 're surfing the web .
For example , it does n't save your history , there 's no DNS pre-fetching , it does n't allow third-party cookies , there are no web or DNS caches , and there 's no autofill feature .
When you close your session , the browser automatically deletes any associated databases , preferences , pepper data , and cookies from Flash and Silverlight .
Available on : Windows , Mac , Linux , Android
If you 're a Google Chrome user , SRWare Iron will be familiar ; it 's based on the open-source Chromium project , so a lot of the on-screen visuals look very similar .
The main difference between Chrome and SRWare Iron is data protection . Experts have criticized Chrome for its reliance on a “ Unique User ID ” ; every time you start a session , Google is alerted to your data usage .
SRWare strips out the usage of an ID along with other Chrome privacy concerns such as search suggestions .
Available on : Windows , Mac
Comodo does n't come close to Tor Browser , but it does have some built-in tools that 'll make browsing the web a safer experience .
It 'll automatically block all tracking , cookies , and web spies , it comes with built-in domain validation technology that 'll instantly segregate strong and weak SSL certificates What Is an SSL Certificate , and Do You Need One ? What Is an SSL Certificate , and Do You Need One ? Browsing the Internet can be scary when personal information is involved . Read More , and it uses the Comodo anti-virus suite to protect you from malware , viruses , and other attack vectors .
Like SRWare Iron , it 's based on Chrome , so it 'll be an easy switch for a lot of people .
Why Are n't There Any Other Recommendations ?
It 's surprisingly difficult to find high-quality browsers that focus on privacy as a primary feature . You 'll often hear Brave Browser recommended , but on the company 's website , it openly says that the app “ anonymously monitors user attention , then rewards publishers accordingly with Basic Attention Token ( BAT ) cryptocurrency . ”
You might also look into the best free VPNs to use with Firefox The Best Free VPN for Firefox The Best Free VPN for Firefox Want a VPN to stay secure with Mozilla Firefox ? Several VPN services offer free VPN add-ons for Firefox , but which one is best ? Read More , but remember that free VPNs are not trustworthy .
Note that if you want to truly stay safe and enjoy anonymous browsing online , you should definitely pair your anonymous web browser with a reputable VPN that cares about your privacy . Do n't know which VPN to use ? We highly recommend ExpressVPN . If you use this link , you can get three FREE months when you sign up for one year .
Rupert Murdoch will assume Ailes 's role as exit follows days of turbulence after Ailes accused by subordinates including Gretchen Carlson and Megyn Kelly
Roger Ailes , the longtime Fox News chairperson who helped found the network and build it into a cable ratings behemoth , has been forced out of the company following allegations that they sexually harassed numerous subordinates , including former host Gretchen Carlson and star anchor Megyn Kelly .
Attorneys for Carlson saluted their “ extraordinary courage ” and said Ailes ' exit represented a “ seismic shift in the media world ” .
How Roger Ailes disgraced Fox News and tarnished a unique legacy Read more
Rupert Murdoch , chairperson of Fox 's parent company 21st Century Fox , cut short a vacation on the French Riviera with their wife Jerry Hall to return to New York and finalise the departure of their long-term ally . They will assume the role of chairperson and acting chief executive of Fox News Channel and Fox Business Network .
Murdoch said Ailes had made “ a remarkable contribution to our company and our country ” . Ailes will remain a consultant to the network until 2018 and is expected to receive as much as $ 40m in severance pay , according to a leaked copy of a “ separation agreement ” published on Tuesday by the Drudge Report .
The news followed several days of public turbulence at Fox , including reports that members of the Murdoch family , which owns 21st Century Fox , had given Ailes a deadline of 1 August to resign or be fired .
Ailes 's highly public downfall began on 6 July , when Carlson alleged in a lawsuit that Ailes fired them after they refused to have sex with him . In their 11 years working at the network , Carlson said , Ailes personally subjected them to “ severe and pervasive sexual harassment ” .
“ You and I should have had a sexual relationship a long time ago , and then you 'd be good and better and I 'd be good and better , ” Ailes told Carlson according to their suit . “ Sometimes problems are easier to solve that way . ”
When Carlson refused their advances and complained about the harassment , their lawsuit said , Ailes had them reassigned from Fox & Friends to a less desirable afternoon slot , slashed their pay and ultimately fired them
The statement released by their attorneys on Thursday read in full : “ Within just two weeks of their filing a lawsuit against Roger Ailes , Gretchen Carlson 's extraordinary courage has caused a seismic shift in the media world .
“ We hope that all businesses now understand that women will no longer tolerate sexual harassment and reputable companies will no longer shield those who abuse women . We thank all the brave women who spoke out about this issue . We will have more to say in coming days as events unfold . ”
Carlson 's claims sent shockwaves through the media world , and lawyers for Carlson soon announced that six other women had come forward as victims of harassment by Ailes at different points in their long television career . 21st Century Fox swiftly hired a law firm to conduct a full investigation .
This week Kelly , easily the network 's most high-profile news anchor , told investigators Ailes harassed them at the start of their Fox tenure , some 10 years ago , according to information first leaked to Ailes 's biographer , Gabriel Sherman . Kelly gained a national profile last year , after a confrontation with Donald Trump at a Republican debate . They had remained conspicuously silent after Carlson filed their lawsuit , while nearly a dozen other Fox hosts , mostly women , publicly defended Ailes .
Ailes maintains that they fired Carlson over poor ratings and they dismissed them and others ' allegations as categorically false .
“ This defamatory lawsuit is not only offensive , it is wholly without merit and will be defended vigorously , ” they said in a statement .
Ailes was an adviser to presidents Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan and is a longtime power player in Republican politics . They have sat at the helm of Fox News for nearly two decades . Under their leadership , the channel has delivered billions in profits to its parent company and given Murdoch and their sons enormous leverage in the television market . Their exit leaves a substantial power vacuum at the top-rated cable news network on television .
“ Roger Ailes has made a remarkable contribution to our company and our country . Roger shared my vision of a great and independent television organization and executed it brilliantly over 20 great years , ” Murdoch said in a statement on Thursday .
“ Fox News has given voice to those who were ignored by the traditional networks and has been one of the great commercial success stories of modern media . ”
Murdoch said Ailes had “ defied the odds ” and that their grasp of policy and “ his ability to make profoundly important issues accessible to a broader audience stand in stark contrast to the self-serving elitism that characterizes far too much of the media ” .
Ailes released an open letter to Murdoch to the Drudge Report .
“ With your support , I am proud that we have built Fox News and Fox Business Channels into powerful and lucrative news organizations that inform our audience and reward our shareholders , ” it read .
“ I take particular pride in the role that I have played advancing the careers of the many women I have promoted to executive and on-air positions . Many of these talented journalists have deservedly become household names known for their intelligence and strength , whether reporting the news , fair and balanced , and offering exciting opinions on our opinion programs . ”
Hours before leaders arrived in Brussels , the Finnish parliament ruled that treaty changes proposed for the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM ) were “ unconstitutional ” .
The summit was further put at risk with news that after failing stress tests , European banks need to raise €115bn ( £98bn ) in fresh capital to satisfy regulators .
Finland 's grand committee said decisions made by the ESM – the eurozone 's permanent bail-out fund set for launch in 2012 – had to remain unanimous , and not changed to the “ qualified majority ” that French president Nicolas Sarkozy and German chancellor Angela Merkel have agreed .
The Finns are backed by the Netherlands , which fears proposals to withdraw veto powers from the ESM is an erosion of democracy and would make it vulnerable to funding bail-outs without recourse . Meanwhile , the Irish want to block plans for the “ convergence and harmonisation ” of the eurozone 's “ corporate tax base ” .
The rebellion is a serious threat to German and French plans to sign treaty changes today along the lines laid out in their joint letter on Wednesday . In it , the leaders said they hoped all 27 European Union countries would sign .
A draft version of a statement by leaders circulating last night in Brussels said that the ESM would be launched in July , and that countries will need to limit their structural deficit to 0.5pc of their gross domestic product . It added that euro members are prepared to lend 150bn euros to strengthen the International Monetary Fund and would like to see other IMF countries contribute the same amount .
As talks continued early into this morning , Germany remained opposed to both giving the ESM a banking licence - a move that would allow it to access funds from the European Central Bank – and to the issue of joint Eurobonds .
Mr Cameron has demanded that two legal `` protocols '' to protect City and to preserve EU single market are inserted in any new EU treaty .
The draft British text does not create any new opt-outs but seeks to protect Britain 's financial sector from a tide of EU legislation .
Jean-Claude Juncker , head of the Eurogroup bloc of finance ministers of eurozone states , said they would “ not accept ” summit diversions about what “ the UK will not do what all the others have to do ” .
However , Mrs Merkel and Mr Sarkozy have urged agreement from the 17 eurozone nations . Mr Sarkozy said : “ If we do not reach a deal , there will be no second chance . ”
But efforts to make the ESM more powerful and responsive formed a key plank of the summit aims which will now have to be watered down if the rebellion is not assuaged .
Experts warned that France and Germany 's plans were inadequate , anyway .
Raoul Ruparel of think tank Open Europe said : “ Rather than focusing their energies on the key issue at hand – avoiding immediate crisis – France and Germany have tried to secure another couple of changes which they are keen on , namely the harmonisation of corporate tax bases and the use of majority voting for ESM decisions . Unfortunately , this looks to have backfired by stoking the anger of Ireland and Finland… [ creating ] another obstacle to forming a lasting agreement . ”
A couple weeks ago , we noted that Apple 's 3D CSS Transforms were slowly coming to the desktop via Safari 4 , at least on Snow Leopard . Over this past weekend , though , WebKit developers put in a small patch that enables 3D CSS transforms in the latest nightly build of WebKit for Leopard , too .
The WebKit team developed a series of two-dimensional transforms that can be applied with CSS properties , then added the ability to animate them over time . Those transforms were used for the Safari 4 `` welcome page '' that is loaded whenever Safari 4 is first launched . Mozilla recently implemented support for two-dimensional transforms in the Gecko 1.9.1 rendering engine , which is used in Firefox 3.5 .
The WebKit team later extended the transforms to work in three dimensions and then added the ability for the transforms to be rendered using a GPU , saving valuable CPU cycles for other work . The 3D transforms first became available in iPhone OS 2.0 so that Web app developers could add some advanced visuals with no additional programming expertise . Apple eventually submitted the revised 3D CSS transforms to the W3C for consideration as an official CSS standard . Since then , Apple enabled them in Snow Leopard builds of Safari 4 , but had until this weekend left Leopard users out of the fun .
Comments on a bug report requesting the feature to be added to desktop versions of WebKit suggested that there were technical limitations that prevented support for the 3D transforms in Leopard . But a look at the code changes indicates that checks for Leopard were merely removed from the build process so that the feature would be `` turned on '' for Mac OS X versions 10.5 and above .
Charles Ying 's Snow Stack running in WebKit build r45788 , on Mac OS X 10.5.7
Leopard users can now get a feel for what the transforms can do by looking at several demos .
Web developer Charles Ying has put together an impressive photo browser called Snow Stack , which pans a series of photos in 3D and allows a better look at each image by zooming it `` closer '' to the viewer .
Chicago-based developer Peter Zich also updated demos they created for the iPhone to work on the desktop as well , including their 3D `` model '' of a van and an impressive 3D photo browser that spins on all three axes .
A cursory look at performance indicates that moving the transform functions to the GPU results in a much lower use of the CPU . These demos purr along in the newest WebKit on Leopard , while running even simple 2D transforms in Safari 4 on Leopard can crank up the CPU on my ( admittedly ) aging first-gen MacBook .
Results in Snow Leopard appear to be perhaps an order of magnitude better—while Snow Stack runs very smoothly in Snow Leopard , it does occasionally suffer from sputters and frame drops on Leopard . This suggests that something in the graphics pipeline of Snow Leopard is more optimized than Leopard , and may be the reason the WebKit team was reluctant to enable the feature on Leopard before now .
Peter Zich 's 3D Image Fly running in WebKit build r45788 , on Mac OS X 10.5.7
Support for the 3D transforms has yet to be enabled for Windows or Linux platforms , though the team has encouraged the filing of bug reports for those platforms requesting that support be added . And while Firefox 3.5 has its own support for CSS transforms on those platforms , unlike WebKit it does n't yet support the Z axis and also does n't yet support GPU acceleration .
There is already an effort underway to create a full JavaScript-based API for creating 3D graphics within a browser , but the 3D CSS transforms offer those without experience in complex 3D programming a way to add 3D effects using the skills they already have . Progress from both the Mozilla and WebKit teams suggests that such 3D effects will become more mainstream as support for the standard grows , on mobile platforms as well as on the desktop . And from the looks of these early demos , it seems like we can expect some impressive things to come .
Further reading :
If you 're a developer with access to Snow Leopard , or you 're running Leopard and the latest WebKit nightly build , you can check out the following demos .
With Kevin Durant in the fold , the Warriors are limited with how they can fill out the roster .
Zaza Pachulia will receive the `` room mid-level exception '' of around $ 2.9 million , which means the remaining five spots will most likely be minimum contracts .
Could there be a reunion between the Warriors and David Lee ?
[ POOLE : Analysis : Durant 's impact for Warriors outweigh any negatives ]
On Monday night , TMZ spotted Lee in Malibu , California and the following conversation ensued :
TMZ : There are rumors that you might come back to the city , and be the center of the team . Would you be down to do that ?
Lee : I have no idea . We 're still trying to figure it out ... Everything goes from what KD ( Kevin Durant ) did , and that kind of sets the table for the rest of the league . Everybody 's excited about that and we 'll go from there .
TMZ : Are you excited ?
Lee : It 's an interesting move . I did n't expect it to happen .
TMZ : The rumors are that you might actually join the team as well . Would you be down to that ?
Lee : I have no idea yet . But we 'll see what happens .
TMZ : No , David , seriously , would you take a pay cut to play for the Golden State Warriors ?
Lee : We 'll see what happens ... you guys are great . Now we 'll see what happens . I love you guys . We 'll see what happens . Happy 4th of July .
Lee played five seasons for the Warriors , and was an All-Star in 2013 .
Golden State traded Lee to Boston last summer , and after the Celtics waived them in February , they finished the season with Dallas .
Over 25 games with the Mavericks , the 33-year old averaged 8.5 points and 7.0 rebounds over 17.3 minutes per contest .
A minimum contract for Lee in 2016-17 would be worth around $ 1.55 million .
View 2 Photos
DETROIT -- The 2012 North American International Auto Show has barely opened to the international press , and already the hottest rumor on the show floor is that Chrysler/Fiat is working on a replacement for the Dodge Challenger . It will be called Barracuda ( though probably not Plymouth ) and could be ready in time to launch for the original 's 50th anniversary , which would be a couple of months before the Ford Mustang 's 50th anniversary in April 2014 and the launch of that new car .
Two unimpeachable -- though not inside -- sources have told me about the Barracuda . The Dodge Challenger is the most literal interpretation of its ancestor . Because it uses the Dodge Charger/Chrysler 300 platform , it has the high front cowl of those two large sedans , and so its overall length is considerably longer than the 1970-74 Challenger , which already was the biggest car in its class . That Challenger shared its platform with the 1970-74 Barracuda , but with a stretched wheelbase .
The '74 Challengers was followed by a Mitsubishi-sourced coupe because it needed to be more fuel efficient to get through mid-decade gas prices . There is no way to follow up the current Challenger without either changing everything but the sheetmetal , or fully redesigning it to make it look nothing like the '70-'74/'08-current model . If Chrysler is going to redesign it , why not make it a radical departure ?
A 2014 Barracuda would be much shorter , lighter and smaller overall than the current car , something we 're hoping to see from the 2015 Chevrolet Camaro . It would not use the new Charger/300 's LY platform , but would be on a shorter rear-wheel-drive platform , probably something closer to the Hyundai Genesis coupe .
What makes this scenario economically plausible is that such a platform also would serve Alfa Romeo well , with a new moderately priced RWD platform for a sports car and sports coupe . The question is whether the platform would package a V-8 for the Barracuda as well as a small , high-output and probably breathed-on turbo four for Alfa .
Located in the small French farming village of Allouville-Bellefosse France is an ancient oak tree , whose hollowed out trunk is home to two small chapels , reached by a spiral staircase surrounding the truck . Nobody knows how old the tree is but is speculated to be around 800 and 1,200 years old , making it one of the oldest tree in the world .
In the 1600s , the tree was stuck by lightning that burnt the tree right through its center and hollowed out the trunk . Yet instead of dying , the tree started to sprout new leaves and acorns in abundance . The tree 's miraculous survival drew the attention of the local Abbot Du Détroit and father Du Cerceau . They determined that the lighting striking and hollowing the tree was an event that had happened for a holy purpose . So they built a shrine to the Virgin Mary directly into the hollow of the tree . Later another small chapel and a stair case climbing the outside of the tree was added . The chapels were named Notre Dame de la Paix ( `` Our Lady of Peace '' ) and the Chambre de l'Ermite ( `` Hermit 's room '' ) .
Photo credit
Things almost took a very bad turn for the tree during the French revolution . The tree became an emblem of the old system of governance and tyranny as well as the church that aided and abetted it . A crowd descended upon the village , intent on burning the tree to the ground . A quick thinking local quickly renamed the oak the `` temple of reason '' sparing it a fiery fate .
Today the common oak is showing signs of age and stress . Now held up by poles , part of the 33-foot trunk has died and the majority of the tree has been covered over with wooden shingles where the bark has fallen away . Although Chene Chappelle 's host tree has begun to wane , its congregation still gathers twice a year for Mass and the tree is still the destination of annual pilgrimage on August 15 , the Feast of the Assumption of the Virgin .
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
Sources : 1 , 2
PALM SPRINGS , Calif. ( AP ) _ Sonny Bono , the singer turned restaurateur who rose to fame singing ″I 've Got You Babe″ to ex-wife Cher , was elected mayor of this desert resort Tuesday .
The successful candidate walked into a crowd of 1,000 well-wishers at the posh Maxim 's Suite Hotel as the band played the theme from the movie ″Rocky.″
Putting their hand in the air , Bono said , ″Wow 3/8 I ca n't believe it . The city goes back to the people . They made us too mad , gave us one too many kicks and that 's the last we 're going to take .
″It 's a wonderful American thing that just happened , ″ they said .
″We think it 's great , ″ said Jack Price , assistant manager at Bono 's namesake restaurant , where the champagne bottles were popping . ″We were behind them all the way.″
Bono easily won the seven-way race with 4,842 votes , while accountant Lloyd Maryanov was second with 2,498 , city spokesperson Julie Baumer said . Businesswoman Deyna Hodges had 1,934 votes and Vice Mayor Eli Birer , 1,140 . Three other active candidates trailed far behind .
″This has just been a very active election . When you get that many people running there 's a lot of interest , ″ said Patty Bode , assistant city clerk , who estimated turnout at 55 percent .
A heavy turnout also was expected in seaside Carmel , in Northern California , even though actor Clint Eastwood was not running for a second term as mayor because , they said , they were more concerned with bringing up their two teen-age children . Parking and traffic were the major issues in a six-way race won by Jean Grace , who was endorsed by the 57-year-old Eastwood .
Palm Springs officials said their 55 percent turnout , while higher than the average 30 percent to 40 percent , would not be a record .
There are about 18,000 registered voters in this city of 38,000 , and usually 6,000 turn out on election day , said Mayor Frank Bogert , 76 , who is retiring after serving two two-year terms .
Bono , 53 , rose to fame as the furry-vested , bell-bottomed former hippie singing ″I 've Got You Babe″ with Cher , who they correctly had predicted would win the Best Actress Oscar on Monday .
The new mayor will serve four years instead of two and be paid $ 15,000 a year .
Most of the candidates are promising to revitalize Palm Springs , which has lost much of its glamour and tourist business to such neighboring desert communities as Palm Desert , where Jim and Tammy Bakker are living , and Rancho Mirage , where Bob Hope , Frank Sinatra and Gerald Ford live .
Bono has been at the forefront of the revitalization movement , planning a celebrity-filled film festival , concerts , and a sporting event such as a marathon or triathalon to attract tourists and money if they are elected .
Bono has said they began coming to Palm Springs , 110 miles east of Los Angeles , 14 years ago to escape the big-city craziness of Los Angeles . They moved here four years ago and opened an Italian restaurant , called Bono .
After run-ins with city officials over the size of their restaurant sign and a retaining wall at the 1920s estate they are refurbishing , they decided to run for mayor .
″If they can do that to me , just imagine how the ordinary person is treated who wants to start a business , ″ they said last week , referring to unnamed city officials . ″We 're trying to encourage business here , not chase it away . I have a big investment in this city . I do n't want to see it deteriorate or decline.″
Bono still dabbles in entertainment , appearing with Cher during a reunion on ″Late Night With David Letterman″ recently and co-starring in the film ″Hairspray.″
Bono and their fourth wife , Mary , 26 , are expecting the couple 's first child this month .
Prime Minister on 31st Dec 2016 had announced a scheme to provide financial aid of Rs 6,000 to pregnant women who undergo institutional delivery for hospital admission .
It was announced that the maternity benefit scheme would be extended to the entire country . The sum was also meant to help with their child 's vaccination , as well as nutritional food . A scheme which was started by UPA II Govt in 2010 as Indira Gandhi Matritva Sahayog Yojana on a pilot basis in 53 districts through the Anganwadi centres , now under the National Food Security Act 2013 , the coverage was required to be made universal .
According to Govt Survey ( 2012-13 ) , The total annual live births are 2.63 crores , Out of which 2.24 cr ( 85 % ) are registered births . The total annual requirement for 2.24 Crore Births is Rs 13,489 Crore .
After Prime Minister Modi 's announcement , Child Development Ministry had issued details of the scheme stating that the Centre would provide 60 per cent of the funds for all pregnant and lactating women above the age of 19 years for up to two live births.Govt had promised 60 percent of annual requirement for 2.24 crores Births which comes to approximately Rs 8090 crores .
On Feb 1st 2017 , based on the announcement by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , the budget allotted for Maternity scheme stands at Rs 2,700 crores . This amounts to one third of the 8090 crores that is required . Even though the Centre was supposed to provide 60 percent of the funds , it will now bear only 50 percent of the cost , while the states needed to shell out the remaining amount .
The Women and Child Development Ministry is currently preparing the Cabinet note for the scheme . According to a senior ministry official who spoke to Indian Express , “ Following discussions with the PMO , we are in the process of preparing the Cabinet note for the implementation of the scheme . Considering the amount allotted for the scheme in the Budget , we have been told that the money should be provided to the mother only in case of the first child ” .
With the increase in the number of annual live births to 2.6 crores since 2013 , estimates have shown that Rs 16,000 crore is what is required per year for the scheme . But the budget allotted for 2017-18 is Rs 2,700 crores . Has yet another of PM 's announcements failed to live up to theirs word ?
Donate to Alt News !
Independent journalism that speaks truth to power and is free of corporate and political control is possible only when people start contributing towards the same . Please consider donating towards this endeavour to fight fake news and misinformation .
Donate Now To make an instant donation , click on the `` Donate Now '' button above . For information regarding donation via Bank Transfer/Cheque/DD , click here .
You could follow Alt News posts either via our Facebook page or by following us on Twitter or by subscribing to our E-mail updates .
Thursday , August 11 , 2016
Today , Justin Brown filed a Conditional Application for Leave to Cross Appeal in the Adnan Syed case . This application is `` conditional '' because it is conditioned on the Court of Special Appeals ( COSA ) granting the State leave to appeal Judge Welch 's opinion granting Adnan a new trial . If COSA denies the State leave to appeal , Judge Welch 's opinion granting Adnan a new trial becomes final , and there would be no appeal , meaning that there would be no need for a cross-appeal .
This application is also not a response to the State 's Application for Leave to Appeal ( ALA ) . That will come later this week or early next week and argue that the State should not review Judge Welch 's conclusion that Cristina Gutierrez was ineffective ( IAC ) in their handling of the cell tower pings . Instead , this Conditional Application is saying that , if COSA grants the State leave to appeal Judge Welch 's opinion granting Adnan a new trial on the IAC/cell tower issue , it should grant the defense leave to ( cross ) appeal Judge Welch 's opinion granting Adnan a new trial on the IAC/alibi witness issue .
The Conditional Application proceeds in 3 parts :
1 . Judge Welch Correctly Concluded that Gutierrez Unreasonably Failed to Contact Asia
The first prong of an IAC claim requires the defendant to prove that their trial counsel acted unreasonably . Judge Welch concluded that Cristina Gutierrez failed to contact prospective alibi witnesses Asia McClain and that this failure to contact was unreasonable . The Conditional Application quickly agrees with this conclusion , citing Grooms v. Solem , 923 F.2d 88 , 90 ( 8th Cir . 1991 ) and Griffin v. Warden , Maryland Correctional Adjustment Center , 970 F.2d 1355 ( 4th Cir . 1992 ) . I would be shocked if COSA reaches a different conclusion .
2 . Failure to Contact Asia alone caused enough prejudice to warrant a new trial
The second prong of an IAC claim requires the defendant to prove that their trial counsel 's unreasonable performance caused prejudice . The question under this prong is whether reasonable performance by trial counsel ( contacting Asia ) would have created the reasonable probability of a different outcome at trial , i.e. , whether it undermines our confidence in the jury 's verdict . Judge Welch concluded that Gutierrez 's failure to contact Asia McClain was not prejudicial for two reasons :
( 1 ) the State 's theory regarding the time of the murder was “ relatively weak [ ] ” and was “ premised upon inconsistent facts [ ; ] ” and
( 2 ) “ the crux of the State 's case ” was the intersection between the Leakin Park pings and Hae 's body being found buried in Leakin Park .
With regard to ( 1 ) , the Conditional Application first argues that :
The fragility of the State 's theory means that it is “ more likely to have been affected by errors ” of trial counsel . Strickland , 466 U.S. at 696 ; see also United States v. Agurs , 427 U.S. 97 , 113 ( 1976 ) ( “ [ I ] f the verdict is already of questionable validity , additional evidence of relatively minor importance might be sufficient to create a reasonable doubt. ” ) .
I agree with this argument and think it finds support in the opinion of the Court of Appeals of Maryland in In re Parris W. , 770 A.2d 202 ( Md . 2001 ) , which found prejudice on an IAC/alibi claim by stating the following
Given the distance between Ms. Cary 's home and the place where Morton was assaulted , and given the uncertainty surrounding the time of the assault , Ms. Cary 's testimony alone may have been enough to create reasonable doubt in the mind of the hearing judge had they been available to testify .
A second argument in the Conditional Application is that failure to contact an alibi witness who contradicts the State 's timeline is generally enough to establish prejudice . Specifically , the Conditional Application notes that the Grooms court found that
prejudice based on trial counsel 's failure to investigate an alibi witness “ can be shown by demonstrating that the uncalled alibi witnesses would have testified if called at trial and that their testimony would have supported [ the defendant 's ] alibi . ”
Notably , the Court of Appeals of Maryland cited this exact language in In re Parris W .
A third argument in the Conditional Application is that Adnan actually made a stronger argument on the prejudice prong than many other defendants who have made successful IAC/alibi witness claims . This is because there have been several cases in which courts have found prejudice based upon failure to contact alibi witnesses who merely would have
corroborated a preexisting alibi defense . See , e.g. , Stewart v. Wolfenbarger , 468 F.3d 338 , 358-59 ( 6th Cir . 2006 ) , as amended on denial of reh ' g and reh ' g en banc ( Feb. 15 , 2007 ) ( finding prejudice where trial counsel failed to call alibi witnesses where testimony “ would not have been cumulative and ‘ would have added a great deal of substance and credibility to ' Petitioner 's alibi defense , ” particularly because the uncalled alibi witness was friends with both petitioner and the victim ) ; Clinkscale v. Carter , 375 F.3d 430 , 445 ( 6th Cir . 2004 ) ( finding prejudice where counsel failed to call alibi witness who would have corroborated defendant 's otherwise uncorroborated testimony regarding alibi , noting that “ [ h ] ad even one alibi witness been permitted to testify on [ the defendant 's ] behalf , [ the defendant 's ] own testimony would have appeared more credible because it coincided in important respects with those of their alibi witness ” ) . The thinking here is that trial counsel 's failure to corroborate an alibi is n't as prejudicial as failure to present an alibi defense altogether . With regard to ( 2 ) , a first argument in the Conditional Application is one that I previewed in this blog post : After the reopened PCR proceeding , the Supreme Court issued its opinion in Wearry v. Cain . In that opinion , the Court rejected the argument that the crux of the State 's case was evidence `` that Wearry may have been involved in events related to the murder after it occurred . '' According to the Court , Perhaps , on the basis of this evidence , Louisiana might have charged Wearry as an accessory after the fact .... But Louisiana instead charged Wearry with capital murder , and the only evidence directly tying them to that crime was Scott 's dubious testimony , corroborated by the similarly suspect testimony of Brown . The sample applies here : Evidence that Adnan might have been in Leakin Park on the evening of January 13th might have been the crux of an accessory after the fact conviction , but it could not support their conviction for murder . A second argument in the Conditional Application is the argument that Judge Welch failed to consider the collateral effects of alibi testimony by Asia McClain . According to the Conditional Application , `` [ t ] he State acknowledged at trial that its case 'hinge [ d ] on [ Wilds ' ] testimony , '' which included at least one claim that the murder had been completed by 2:30 P.M. As such , alibi testimony by Asia McClain would have called into question not only the State 's timeline but also the credibility of its key witness . 3 . Judge Welch should n't have assessed prejudice for failure to investigate in isolation According to the Conditional Application , When analyzing whether counsel 's deficient performance caused prejudice to a defendant , a court must consider “ the totality of circumstances ” and the “ cumulative effect of all errors. ” Schmitt v. State , 140 Md . App . 1 , 19 ( 2001 ) ; see also Wearry , 136 S. Ct. at 1007 ( reversing denial of postconviction relief in part because “ the state postconviction court improperly evaluated the materiality of each piece of evidence in isolation rather than cumulatively ” ) ; Kyles , 514 U.S. at 421 ( noting , in the context of Brady claims , for which the same prejudice standard applies , that courts must consider “ the cumulative effect of all such evidence suppressed by the government ” ) . I previewed this argument in this blog post . Basically , the point is that Judge Welch should have looked at the combined prejudice of Gutierrez 's failures with regard to the cell tower pings and the alibi witness instead of looking at each failure independently . Precedent , however , says otherwise . So , why is this important ? Assume that COSA agreed with Judge Welch 's conclusion that failure to contact Asia alone was not prejudicial and also finds that failure to challenge the cell tower pings alone was not prejudicial . Under Judge Welch 's logic , COSA should deny Adnan a new trial . But the Conditional Application is ( correctly ) arguing that COSA should look at aggregate prejudice . Therefore , as long as the combined prejudice of these two errors was enough to undermine confidence in the verdict , Adnan should get a new trial . -CM
https : //lawprofessors.typepad.com/evidenceprof/2016/08/today-justin-brown-filed-a-conditional-application-for-leave-to-cross-appeal-in-the-adnan-syed-case.html
Many have believed that the word Indes has its origin from the Latin word intus [ inside ] , and indicates the inside combat , which arises from the windings and similar work ; but you will hear now that this is not true .
I leave the meaning of the word intus to the Latinists , but the word Indes is a good German word , and embodies a serious exhortation to quick judgment , so that one should be constantly swift of mind . For example , if you first strike to the left , and secondly you see at that moment in opening to the right , then thirdly when you rush at the opening you have seen , you must pay that good heed where or when what techniques you may come to you , so that you do n't overcommit to your attack to your opponent 's opening , and receive harm from it . Thus the word Indes admonishes you to have a sharp lookout , which involves seeing and heeding many things at once . Also you learn sufficiently from your opponent 's body language , what kinds of techniques they intend to use , and what they will entail by way of openings , and where they will offer you opportunities . For the while art of combat likes in all these things that the word Indes admonishes you , as Liechtenauer says . — Meyer 1570
Being heavily influenced by Meyer and the later Italians , my interpretation of indes has it largely divorced from fuhlen .
Indes starts from the very beginning when you chose which opening to attack and then immediately attack . Meyer describes indes as instant decision making . That 's why they define it as “ instantly ” rather than at the same time . In Italian terms that would be seeing the tempo and acting upon it .
The opposite of indes is hesitation . It is taking your time to think . It is letting your opponent settle into a guard and then deciding how to lay siege to that guard with the hopes of breaking it .
Yes , indes is essential in fuhlen . More so than anywhere else . But the concept of indes , of seeing the situation and immediately reacting to it , needs to be taught much earlier than that . The first time you offer a drill that leaves the script behind and instead closes with “ and then cut the nearest opening ” that 's the time to start talking about indes .
For my club that is literally day one . We put a weapon in the hand and tell you to parry the eight basic cuts . No complicated techniques , no carefully scripted drills , just raw instinctual actions tempered with bits of advice as needed . And that goes on for about three to six months until the basic attacks and parries start looking good .
Then we start looking at the historic techniques . We use the techniques to to refine our instincts and correct problems , not to act as a prescribed set of actions we must follow without variance .
We do this because we find that we fence best when relying on our own instincts when making the instant decisions that the moments of indes demand of us . Instincts are fast in a way that thinking through a mental catalog of actions can never be . In short , thinking is slow and slow is dangerous .
But our instincts are not always right . If they were there would be no need for the science of fencing . So each drill needs to work towards incorporating new techniques into our instincts so we can call upon them without conscious thought .
How we go about obtaining this is another question entirely . We know that unscripted drills are a big part of it , and cutting patterns seem to be playing a role as well . But there is more , much more , that needs to be done .
Advertisements
Michael Conforto drove in three runs , including a two run homer off the foul pole in right field to start the game , to lead Oregon State to a 5-0 win on Sunday in Berkeley . Jace Fry was brilliant on the mound , one-hitting California in front of 1,303 fans .
Those fans were treated to a tidy one hour and 55 minute game . The Beavers took the crowd out of the game early ( at least the ones wearing blue and gold ) when Conforto blasted a ball through the East Bay wind off the foul pole in right field . The homer scored two for the visitors , and it would be all they needed to pick up up the win on Sunday afternoon .
Junior Jace Fry got the start for Oregon State , and they were masterful , as usual . They threw a complete game shutout , allowing only one hit and striking out six . Fry faced just three more than the minimum in the win . It was their ninth of the season against just one loss . The lefty has cemented themselves as one of the top pitchers in the country .
Right-hander Ryan Mason did n't turn in a terrible performance for the Golden Bears . They pitched a near-perfect performance after the first inning , getting in trouble only once more after an error behind them started a Beaver barrage in the third . Mason was pulled after tossing 118 pitches in eight innings .
Oregon State got some insurance in the asupervisorstioned third frame , starting a rally when Trever Morrison reached on an error by the shortstop . They stole second after a Jeff Hendrix flyout , then Andy Peterson took first on a walk . Conforto then got their third RBI of the day on a double to right , and Dylan Davis brought in Peterson and Conforto with a single to center .
That did it for the day in the runs column . Senior Vince Bruno got the hosts lone hit of the day in the bottom half of the third on a single up the middle , but they were quickly erased on a double play by the next batter . Fry allowed the next Cal baserunner in the fifth when third baseman Lucas Erceg was hit by a pitch . It was unable to get anything going , however , as the next two batters both made outs .
The Beavers had a chance to really break things open in the top of the seventh when they loaded the bases after recording a quick two outs , but Davis blew the opportunity when they fouled out weakly to first . Of course , Fry squashed any Bears momentum in the bottom half of the frame by getting two flyouts and a swinging strikeout .
The game ended in the ninth this time around . Pinch hitter Chris Paul struck out to lead things off , then sophomore John Soteropulos popped out to short for the second out . Devin Pearson extended the game by walking , but Fry got Devon Rodriguez to fly out deep to center field to finish things off .
Visiting fans were treated to their third win of the weekend , all coming by five runs or more . The game started under mostly sunny skies and the temperature in the low 60 's , but winds increased and clouds rolled in throughout the afternoon . Mason lost their first game of the year , dropping to 4-1 overall .
Beaver fans did n't have to worry about the bullpen this time around thanks to Fry 's dominating performance . It 's clear that they have one of the best starting rotations in the nation , but the question is , will that be enough for a return trip to Omaha ?
The road sweep solidifies Oregon State 's status as one of the top three teams in the nation . It now sits at ninth in the RPI , 15 spots ahead of the next highest team in the Pac-12 .
The Beavers improved to 34-8 with the win and 17-4 in Pac-12 play . The Golden Bears dropped to 19-24 and the sweep ended any hopes of an NCAA Tournament appearance . Oregon State returns to action on Tuesday night at Oregon , in a game to be televised by the Pac-12 Networks .
A Gender Reversal On Career Aspirations
Young Women Now Top Young Men in Valuing a High-Paying Career
In a reversal of traditional gender roles , young women now surpass young men in the importance they place on having a high-paying career or profession , according to survey findings from the Pew Research Center . Two-thirds ( 66 % ) of young women ages 18 to 34 rate career high on their list of life priorities , compared with 59 % of young men . In 1997 , 56 % of young women and 58 % of young men felt the same way .
The past 15 years have also seen an increase in the share of middle-aged and older women who say being successful in a high-paying career or profession is “ one of the most important things ” or “ very important ” in their lives . Today about the same share of women ( 42 % ) and men ( 43 % ) ages 35 to 64 say this . In 1997 , more middle-aged and older men than women felt this way ( 41 % vs. 26 % ) .
The survey question about career success is part of a battery that asks respondents to weigh the importance of key aspects of life . For men and women of all ages , being a good parent and having a successful marriage continue to rank significantly higher on their list of priorities than being successful in a high-paying job or career . Thus , the increased importance women are now placing on their careers has not come at the expense of the importance they place on marriage and family .
Background : Women , Work and Education
Over the course of the past four decades , women have been making significant gains in their labor force participation and educational attainment .
In 2010 , women made up almost half of the labor force ( 46.7 % ) . In 1997 , women made up 46.2 % of the labor force , and back in 1970 women made up only 38.1 % of the labor force .
There was some speculation that women 's share of employment could surpass men 's during the 2007-2009 Great Recession—often referred to as the “ Mancession ” because of disproportionate job losses in male-dominated fields such as construction and manufacturing . However , women have fared worse than men in the recovery that began in mid-2009 .
On the education front , women have made substantial strides in recent decades and now surpass men in both college enrollment and completion . Some 44 % of women ages 18 to 24 were enrolled in college or graduate programs as of October 2010 , compared with just 38 % of men in the same age group . In addition , 36 % of women ages 25 to 29 had a bachelor 's degree , compared with only 28 % of men in the same age group—a record-high divergence . Women first surpassed men in these realms in the early 1990s , and the gap has been growing wider ever since .
In spite of their educational advantage and increased presence in the workplace , women continue to lag behind men in terms of earning power . In 2010 , women who were full-time or salaried workers had median weekly earnings of $ 669 , compared with $ 824 for their male counterparts . Still , women have made big strides in attaining equal pay . In 1979 , when data of this sort began being collected , women earned on average 62 % of what men earned . After steadily rising for the past two and a half decades , the growth in the women's-to-men 's earnings ratio settled around 2004 and has remained in the 80-81 % range since then .
Today 's wage gap is smaller among young workers than among their older counterparts . Among all workers ages 16 to 34 , women 's earnings are more than 90 % of men 's ; this ratio drops for women ages 35 to 64 , who earn 80 % or less of what men earn across the board . While this could signal a changing workplace , women have tended to fall behind men as their careers progress , so it remains to be seen whether this is an age or generational phenomenon .
As all of these long-term trend lines attest , there have been significant changes over the decades in the experiences of women and men in the labor force . Attitudes have changed as well . A 1978 Gallup survey asked respondents to rate how much they agree with the following statement : “ Commitment to a meaningful career is very important to me. ” Back then , 67 % of young men ages 18 to 34 agreed strongly , while only 53 % of young women said the same . The latest Pew Research survey question , while worded somewhat differently , shows young women valuing career success more than young men .
Family Still Trump 's Career
Though women are increasingly focused on college and career , the share who place marriage and parenthood high on the list of priorities is undiminished . For both men and women , being a good parent and having a successful marriage remain much more important than career success .
The shares of working-age women and men who say having a successful marriage is “ one of the most important things ” or a “ very important ” thing in their lives exceed 80 % now , just as they did in 1997 . And the shares who place a high priority on being a good parent exceed 90 % in both years . In comparison , only about half of women or men place the same level of importance on professional success .
However , when the analysis is limited to the share saying marriage and parenting are “ one of the most important things , ” some changes emerge over time . At the same time that young women are focusing more than young men on their career , they also are placing a higher value than young men on both marriage and parenthood .
The share of women ages 18 to 34 who say that having a successful marriage is one of the most important things in their lives has risen nine percentage points since 1997 , from 28 % to 37 % .
On the other hand , the share of young men ages 18 to 34 who say that having a successful marriage is one of the most important things has dropped from 35 % in 1997 to 29 % now . Today a significantly smaller share of young men ( 29 % ) than young women ( 37 % ) list marriage as one of their highest priorities ; this represents a change from 1997 , when men and women were statistically equal on this measure .
Among middle-aged and older women , the share placing the highest priority on marriage has risen only marginally during this time ( 32 % to 37 % ) . The share of middle-aged and older men who now say that a successful marriage is one of the most important things in their life has increased nine percentage points since 1997 and is nearly equal ( 36 % ) to the share of middle-aged and older women who say this today .
Parenting ranks even higher on the list of priorities for both women and men . The share of young women who rate parenting as a top priority has increased dramatically in recent years : up 17 percentage points . Today , nearly six-in-ten ( 59 % ) women ages 18 to 34 say being a good parent is one of the most important things in their life . The share of young men who feel this way is 47 % now , up from 39 % in 1997 .
Both middle-aged and older women and men are significantly more likely to place parenting at the top of their priorities today than in 1997 . More than half ( 56 % ) of women and nearly half ( 49 % ) of men ages 35 to 64 say being a good parent is one of the most important things , with increases of 13 and 11 percentage points , respectively .
The increased value placed on marriage and family does not necessarily reflect the broader societal trends in these areas . Young adults today are marrying at lower rates and later ages than ever before—only a third ( 33 % ) of 18- to 34-year-old women are now married , compared with nearly three quarters ( 73 % ) of women this age in 1960 . The median age for first marriage is now 27 for women , up from 20 in 1960 . And the median age for first-time mothers is now 24 , up from 22 in 1960 . So while marriage and family still remain among women 's top priorities , many are delaying these milestones when compared with earlier generations .
But women in today 's workforce who do marry and have children are not necessarily leaving their careers to do so . Today 's woman often balances their career with their husband and children . Fully 48 % of married couples in 2010 consisted of two breadwinners . The share of dual-employed couples was slightly higher in 1997 ( 53 % ) . Back in 1975 , however , the share of families with both a husband and wife in the labor force was only 34 % .
Today more than seven-in-ten mothers with children at home are in the labor force . The labor force participation rate of mothers with children younger than 18 has risen from 47 % in 1975 to 71 % in 2010 , a 24-percentage-point increase . For mothers with children younger than six the share in the labor force is slightly lower ( 64 % ) than for mothers whose children are ages six to 17 ( 77 % ) .
Generally , the public is supportive of more active roles for women in the workplace . A September 2011 Pew Research poll found that 73 % of Americans feel that the trend toward more women in the workforce has been a change for the better in our society . Furthermore , an October 2010 Pew Research poll found that a majority ( 62 % ) of the general public feels that a marriage where the husband and wife share the responsibilities of work and children is more satisfying than a more traditional marriage with a male breadwinner . However , the public remains conflicted about the impact these changes have had on young children . When asked whether the trend toward more mothers of young children working outside the home is a good thing or a bad thing for society , only 21 % of Americans said it is a good thing . Some 37 % said this is a bad thing for society , and roughly the same share ( 38 % ) said it has n't made a difference .
Image caption Carl Sargeant has resigned from their job as communities secretary
A Labour AM has been sacked from their Welsh Government job after allegations were made about their behaviour .
Carl Sargeant has been suspended from the Labour Party as an investigation takes place .
They were secretary for communities and children .
Mr Sargeant has called for an `` urgent '' investigation `` in order to allow me to clear my name '' . First Minister Carwyn Jones made the announcement ahead of a reshuffle of their cabinet team .
A spokesperson for Mr Jones said : `` Following allegations , received in the last few days , about Carl Sargeant 's conduct , the first minister has removed them from the cabinet and has asked Welsh Labour to launch a full investigation . ''
In a statement , the Alyn and Deeside AM said : `` I met with the first minister today and they informed me allegations had been made about my personal conduct , which was shocking and distressing to me .
`` The details of the allegations have yet to be disclosed to me .
`` I have written to the General Secretary of Welsh Labour requesting an urgent independent investigation into these allegations in order to allow me to clear my name . ''
A Welsh Labour spokesperson said : `` Carl Sargeant has been suspended from party membership , and therefore the Labour whip in the National Assembly for Wales , while an investigation into allegations received takes place . ''
Apple Inc has reported that its quarterly profit dipped for the first time in nearly a decade as it earned less money in the competitive smartphone and tablet markets .
The maker of iPhones , iPads , iPods , and Macintosh computers quickly stepped in to bolster its stock price by announcing a plan to more than double to $ 100bn the amount it will spend to buy back its stock and pay out dividends .
Apple raised a coming stock dividend by 15 percent to $ 3.05 per common share .
While Apple 's coffers bulged with $ 144.7bn , the company said most of that money is offshore and it will be shrewder to borrow cash to implement the stock buy-back plan .
`` We will fund the capital return programme from operations and borrowing , '' said Peter Oppenheimer , Apple 's chief financial officer .
Apple shares jumped briefly on the news in after-hours trades but slid back down to $ 403.95 , about two dollars below where it was at the close of the Nasdaq .
Sales decrease
The California-based company posted a profit of $ 9.5bn on revenue of $ 43.6bn in the first three months of this year , compared to a profit of $ 11.6bn on $ 39.2bn in the same quarter in 2012 .
It said its gross margin , or the amount of money it makes in profit from its devices , shrank to 37.5 percent from 47.5 percent .
The number of iPhones sold in the quarter rose to 37.4m from 35.1m during the same quarter last year . The number of iPads sold surged to 19.5m from 11.8m a year earlier .
Meanwhile , sales of iPod MP3 players dropped by more than a million to 5.6m and Macintosh computers sales slipped about two percent to just below four million , according to Oppenheimer .
The company 's chief executive Tim Cook said that the decline in Apple stock in recent quarters has been `` very frustrating for all of us '' .
Shares in Apple are well below their 52-week peak above $ 700 in September as the tech giant faces tougher competition from South Korea 's Samsung and others .
'Optimistic about future '
`` Although we 've achieved incredible results , we acknowledge our growth rate has slowed , '' Cook said during an earnings call with financial analysts .
`` We will continue to focus on the long term and we remain very optimistic about our future . ''
Cook remained adamant that Apple was well-positioned in the booming smartphone and tablet markets .
`` We have a lot more innovations in the works , '' Cook said , promising `` some really great stuff coming in the fall and across all of 2014 '' .
`` For the size company it is , Apple is plugging along very nicely , '' said Forrester analyst Frank Gillett .
`` The question we are asking ourselves is whether they can bust out a new category . My hunch is there are a bunch of new things brewing . ''
Revenue in China was up 11 percent to $ 8.8bn , with iPad sales more than doubling despite Apple reporting that growth had slowed there .
China served as an example of an Apple strategy to win over smartphone buyers with affordable prices on iPhone and iPad models , letting margins shrink in order to build ranks of loyal customers .
`` China has an unusually large number of potential first-time smartphone buyers and that is not lost on us , '' Cook said .
They cited data showing that Apple ranks impressively when it comes to customer loyalty and the willingness of users of its gadgets to spend money on digital songs , music and apps at the iTunes store .
`` We do want to grow faster , but we do n't look at it as the only measure of our health , '' Cook said .
The iTunes shop pulled in more than $ 4bn in revenue in the first three months of the year , setting a new record , according to Oppenheimer .
HEY THAT WAS FUN ! A Minnesota win over Nebraska means UStreet and I get to sync up our happy thoughts with some happy music ( victory Pahdcast is the best Pahdcast ) . Here 's what you can look forward when you crack open this edition of Great Takes Less Filling :
Quick thoughts
Nektons of the Week ( we 've got more than a few )
Why did we see Demry Croft explode in the QB run game ?
Seriously though , Demry had a really great game
HATS OFF to everyone who brought the Broken Chair Trophy back and raised a bunch of money to help sick kids at the same time !
As always , please let us know how we 're doing in the comments . And if you have n't already , make sure to subscribe to the plethora of TDG Pahdcasts on iTunes , Stitcher , SoundCloud , Google Play , TuneIn !
( Reading via Apple News ? Go here to listen ! )
GO GOPHERS !
35 Secret Starbucks Drinks You Did n't Know You Could Order
Most people do n't know this , but Starbucks has a secret menu created by dedicated baristas and enthusiastic customers . It 's not listed anywhere , and most of the drinks are region specific . But if you know the recipe–you can ask for them anywhere !
Ever notice custom frappuccino suggestions scrawled on blackboards in the store , with a barista 's name as the creator ? That 's where these come from ! Some of these have become popular and wide-spread , but you should know the recipe as asking for a drink by name will NOT be familiar to almost all baristas .
Please be respectful to your Baristas ; none of these items are on the actual menu , and are instead creations/customizations by enthusiastic customers and baristas from throughout the world . If you 'd like a drink you see here , do n't ask for it by name ; ask for it by the recipe ! And please be mindful of seasonal ingredients in some of the drinks when that is noted .
1 . Caramel Apple Frappuccino
This one can taste like caramel dipped apples , or even like a slice of cinnamon-scented apple pie topped with caramel . Delicious ! For a more pronounced caramel flavor , try ordering ( if the caramel ribbon crunch frappuccino 's dark caramel is available ) :
Apple juices to the first line
Whole milk to the second line
Cream base ( 4 pumps for venti , 3 pumps grande , 2 pumps tall )
Dark caramel ( 3 pumps for venti , 2 pumps grande , and 1 pump for a tall )
Cinnamon dolce syrup ( 3 pumps for venti , 2 pumps grande , and 1 pump for a tall )
Caramel ribbon crunch pieces
Caramel drizzle
Get it with whipped cream and cinnamon dolce topping
If that seems like too much caramel for you , try asking for :
Cream base to the first line
Apple juices to the second line
Caramel syrup ( 2 pumps for venti , 1.5 pumps grande , and 1 pump tall )
Cinnamon dolce syrup ( 2 pumps for venti , 1.5 pumps grande , and 1 pump tall )
2 . Orange Creamsicle Frappuccino
Orange and vanilla go so well together . What 's not to like ? When summertime refreshers are available , try ordering a Valencia orange refresher blended with the vanilla bean frappuccino base . Whipped cream on top goes well here . Very simple to order , but only available seasonally .
For other times of the year , try asking for :
Orange mango juice to the first line
Milk ( soy , dairy , whatever you prefer ) to the second line
Cream base ( 4 pumps for a venti , 3 pumps grande , and 2 pumps for a tall )
Classic syrup ( 4 pumps for a venti , 3 pumps grande , and 2 pumps for a tall )
Scoop of ice , then blended together
Get it with whipped cream on top
3 . Nutella Frappuccino
For the numerous Nutella lovers out there , order :
Coffee frappuccino
Hazelnut syrup ( 1.5 pumps for venti , 1 pump for a grande , half a pump for tall )
Mocha syrup ( 3 pumps for venti , 2 pumps for a grande , 1 for tall )
Whipped cream blended in
Top it with whipped cream and/or caramel if you so desire .
4 . Spiced Apple Chai
This one is delicious and simple to order . You can have it either hot or iced . It tastes like a spiced apple cider , and it 's very refreshing when iced . I 've actually been able to just ask for an iced/hot apple chai at most places and the baristas know what to do , but I 've run into a few locations where they 're a little confused .
If the barista is unfamiliar , just tell them it 's a chai infusion in apple juice after asking for it hot or iced . That 's how most ring it up on the register , too–although I 've also seen some do a chai latte minus milk and with apple juice , which will be a bit more expensive . It varies depending on location . Try it with caramel drizzle and whipped cream on top if you 're getting it hot .
5 . Mint Chocolate Chip Frapuccino
You can try this flavor a number of ways . Our favorite is a mocha frappuccino with peppermint syrup ( number of pumps according to your taste ) and java chips blended in ! You could also try :
A green tea frappuccino
Peppermint syrup ( 1-4 pumps , adjust for taste and size )
And java chips ( 1-4 scoops )
Alternatively :
A green tea frappuccino
Java chips
Mocha syrup ( 3 pumps for a venti , 2 for grande , and 2 for tall )
Peppermint syrup ( 2 pumps for a venti , 1 pump for grande and tall )
If the green tea is too strong , just ask for less green tea powder in the future . Find out which combination is your favorite !
6 . Peach Ring Tea
Remember those sugary circular peach ring candies ? This reminds us of those . Make sure it 's summertime and refreshers are available .
Ask for :
Half Valencia orange refresher and half passion tea
No water
Peach syrup ( 6 pumps for trenta , 5 for venti , 3 for grande , and 2 for tall )
7 . Caramel Snickerdoodle Macchiato
This one is reminiscent of a caramel covered snickerdoodle cookie . Ask for an iced soy caramel macchiato , upside down ( this makes it so the flavors blend together better ) with vanilla syrup ( 2 pumps for venti , 1.5 for grande , and 1 for tall ) and cinnamon dolce syrup ( 2 pumps venti , 1.5 grande , and just one for tall ) .
The cost of visiting a dentist in Alberta in 2018 could be 8.5 per cent lower than it was in 2016 .
The Alberta Dental Association and College unveiled a revised fee guide Wednesday , recommending new fees for 60 different procedures . On average the fees are 8.5 per cent lower than 2016 fees .
It 's the college 's second attempt this year at a fee guide . The first , which recommended an average reduction of three per cent , was blasted by Health Minister Sarah Hoffman after it was released in August .
Saying the fee reduction did n't go far enough , Hoffman sent the college back to the drawing board .
Hoffman heralded the updated fees at a news conference Wednesday .
`` It 's been a step that 's been long awaited , '' they said .
The new fee guide is effective Jan. 1 .
A year in the making
Mintoo Basahti , president of the Alberta 's dental college , acknowledges dentistry has grown expensive in the province . ( John Shypitka/CBC ) For 20 years , Alberta dentists operated without a fee guide , meaning they had free range on what they could charge . A 2016 review found Alberta 's dental fees to be the highest in the country .
The provincial government announced in December 2016 that a new dental fee guide , similar to what other provinces had in place , would be created to curtail costs .
The college , which worked with the government on the revisions , recognizes `` that the current economic environment is challenging '' and acknowledges `` the fact that dentistry has become expensive in Alberta , '' said president Mintoo Basahti .
According to the new guide , the cost of an oral exam for a new patient will be $ 72 in Alberta , down from $ 75 recommended in the August fee guide . In British Columbia , the fee is $ 43 .
A new fee guide recommends dental fees drop on average by 8.5 per cent in 2018 . ( Government of Alberta ) The guide is just that : a guide . Dental fees in Alberta are not regulated and dentists are free to establish their own rates .
Hoffman said the guide offers patients a way to compare .
`` After 20 years without a guide , it will take some time for dentists to adjust , '' they said .
Edmonton periodontist Douglas Pettigrew said coming up with a fee guide acceptable to both dentists and the government has been a challenge .
'Where do you cut back ? '
`` The government 's study suggests that it is more expensive to run a practice in Edmonton and in Alberta , in general , '' Pettigrew said , citing an average overhead cost of 70 per cent .
`` We run mini hospitals without government support , '' they said .
`` You make a very good living , but you do n't get rich doing dentistry , '' said Pettigrew , who has been in the profession for nearly 50 years .
The downward pressure on fees could mean some dentists will work longer , see more patients and potentially have to renegotiate staff salaries — or even lay off some employees , Pettigrew said .
`` The challenge is where do you cut back ? '' they asked .
Pettigrew expects there will be patients asking whether dentists are following the guide . They predict some dentists will adhere to it while others will not .
`` Patients should alway speak to their dentist about the fees and they have the right to shop around and check with other dentists and compare fees and they should do that , '' Pettigrew said .
`` If you really like the dentist you 're working with and he 's doing really good work , maybe it 's worth paying a bit more . ''
Looks like those boys from One Direction have gone and got themselves into another real pickle .
These guys really know how to pull off the “ extra mature cheddar cheesy ” cool dude look . It 's the classic “ squint your eyes slightly whilst remembering not to shave ” look . Of course if you 're a ten year old middle class child this is the pure aspiration zone .
Anyone for more cheese ? Let 's examine the game show runners-up in more detail…
To anyone with an IQ over 90 , looking at photos of One Direction squinting slightly can cause a little bit of sick to lurch up into one 's mouth . Of course if the individual is to swallow the sick it wo n't travel in one direction .
Ha !
Ha ha .
There are really only a few suitable responses to that picture . Here 's one :
How to Trigger Rapid Hair Growth Enter your email address to get the secret to rapid hair growth .
Now , we all know that this next game show runner-up enjoys the taste of cheese . But did you know their addiction to cheese is so bad that their face is actually stuck in this expression ? In their head right now he 's saying “ God I love cheese so much . I wish I could just look at a Baby Bell for 5 seconds ” .
Read next
It 's OK One Direction person ; there 's plenty of cheese in the world . You wo n't go hungry tonight .
In all seriousness though , a cheese addiction that bad can only have been brought about by the actions of one man : Simon Cowell of course . Coowwwell . Get it ?
Simon Cowell : the master originator of all cheese .
Stay tuned kids , next week we 've got the top ten worlds most hated celebrities ….without hair .
Read next
Here 's one example :
See you same time next week for the most hilarious pictures of celebrities without hair .
Rep. Carlos Bilbao , R-Emmett , sponsor of HB 530 , told the House Health & Welfare Committee , `` If it 's for medical reasons , I have no problem . It 's also legal for you to use it to end life , that 's your business . But I say to you and the federal government , do not ask me to pay for your abortions and your contraceptives . Do not . And the federal government is saying I will . ''
Bilbao said their bill was prompted by the federal health care reform law requiring contraceptive coverage as part of basic health care . It would let any policy exclude contraceptives because `` I do not know whether it 's going to be a pill used to end life or fix a medical problem , '' they said . `` When I think it is wrong , it is wrong whether you like it or not . That is for you to judge . '' They urged passage of the bill .
Top of the agenda for Mercedes , Ferrari , McLaren and Red Bull were plans with regard to the introduction of customer cars from 2017 .
Present at the meeting were McLaren Group CEO Ron Dennis , their team 's racing director Eric Boullier , Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff and non-executive chairperson Niki Lauda , along with Ferrari and Red Bull team principals Maurizio Arrivabene and Christian Horner .
Although Williams and Force India are part of the Strategy Group , neither were involved in what proved to be a lengthy meeting that also included race director Charlie Whiting for a period .
Asked as to the purpose of the meeting , Arrivabene said : `` We were just talking , the four teams .
`` If you look at them they are the constructors , except Williams , but Williams gave a mandate to Mercedes .
`` We were talking about the mandate of the Strategy Group , more or less everything to make sure we find a way to speed up the process and a solution as soon as possible . ''
Pointed out to Arrivabene Force India is also a constructor , but was not present , they replied : `` They were informed by Mercedes , same story as Williams . ''
Williams and Force India deputy team principals Claire Williams and Bob Fernley , however , have both disputed Arrivabene 's remarks .
Speaking to AUTOSPORT , Williams said : `` We were n't part of it , and Mercedes are not mandated to represent us . ''
Fernley concurred as they told AUTOSPORT : `` That is not correct , we have not given any mandate to Mercedes .
`` What we did do at last month 's Strategy Group meeting is said that fundamentally we 're not in favour of customer cars .
`` However , if the four manufacturing teams , plus Williams , want to go ahead with that process and investigate it then we 're happy for them to present it to us when they 've finished it . ''
Image caption Police came under attack in the Broadway area
Crowds of nationalists have thrown petrol bombs and masonry at police during serious rioting in west Belfast .
Plastic bullets were fired in response by police in the Broadway and Oldpark areas of the city .
Water cannon was used during trouble at Broadway and a total of seven police officers were injured in the rioting .
Police are investigating reports that gunshots were fired in the area but there are no reports of any injuries as a result .
Set alight
On Monday evening , a bus was hijacked on the Falls Road . The driver was dragged from the vehicle and passengers were ordered off .
It was then driven at police lines on the Donegall Road , but crashed a short distance away . A van was also set alight on the Donegall Road .
Police used water cannon after coming under attack from a crowd of around 100 to 200 people throwing missiles and stones in the Broadway and Falls Road areas .
About 40 people gathered in North Queen Street and petrol has been thrown at police .
There was a minor disturbance on the Shore Road after a barricade was erected across the road at Greencastle Station . It has now been removed .
There were also minor disturbances in the Whitewell area of the city .
A number of residents in the Ballysillan area have had to leave their homes because of a security alert .
A local community centre was opened to accommodate them .
Street violence
Army bomb experts were called to examine a suspicious vehicle at Glenbryn Parade , but the incident was later declared a hoax .
There were reports that windows had been smashed during trouble in the Portadown area of County Armagh .
The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service ( NIFRS ) said one firefighter was slightly injured by youths throwing stones in Londonderry .
It said it was dealing with around one call every 75 seconds across Northern Ireland . By 0100 BST on Tuesday it had received 180 fire calls , a 65 % increase on the previous year .
A spokesperson said its efforts to protect the community were being hampered by the street violence .
One fire appliance was damaged in Belfast by youths throwing stones and was taken out of service . Another vehicle was deployed .
In addition to this , the NIFRS said it brought two contingency appliances into service to ensure it could keep up with demand .
On the first verse of It Happened in Flatbush , the latest mixtape from Brooklyn-based rap group the Underachievers , Issa Gold comes for blood . “ Niggas really just average , ca n't sell a fucking thing/Niggas ' numbers is trash , Troy Ave would never win ” they seethe , referring to an ongoing beef between Underachievers and their Pro Era associates with Troy Ave. Over cascading keys and a rattling beat that fits perfectly for a rap group co-signed by Brainfeeder , Gold and AK , the group 's dual MCs , trade verses with a light-hearted yet fierce temerity , shouting out the deceased Capital Steeze of Pro Era ( whom Troy Ave recently dissed ) and declaring their Beast Coast collective will finish Troy off permanently .
It 's an early peak . Unfortunately , it 's also the most potent moment on the entire interminable run of It Happened in Flatbush , the Underachievers ' first release since their 2015 album Evermore : the Art of Duality * * . Originally turning heads in 2013 , the group seemed novel in a post-TDE/A $ AP scene : A New York duo who were n't cheesy enough to insist on taking NY hip-hop back to some idealized ‘ 90s golden age , or desperate enough to hop the coattails of rap 's latest trend . Though initially tethered to their vague mystical allusions ( calling to mind ‘ 90s groups like Leaders of the New School ) and a heady “ conscious ” vibe , they quickly settled into a comfortable role that did n't play up their Brainfeeder connections , or lyrically deviate all that differently from A $ AP 's “ party and bullshit ” ethos and Pro Era 's nostalgia trips .
This continues on It Happened in Flatbush , which is a flat album in every way , no pun intended . None of the beats really knock , instead dutifully bopping along as the two MCs stick to forgettable , uninspired tropes about weed , women , and New York chest-thumping . For all the multi-syllabic bars about how much they 're winning , It Happened in Flatbush can be dismissed with one word : joyless . There 's no spirit in any of these songs , just repetitive verses and boasts poorly anchored by weightless , mealy-mouthed hooks . One example is the penultimate track “ John Lennon , ” which initially matches the intensity offered by opening track “ Never Win , ” but ends up lumbering along instead of taking off , offering a cumbersome bridge and no thematic resolution .
Intentionally or not , too much of the tape sounds unimaginatively inspired by TDE . Issa Gold frequently lapses to a hard syllable , ratatat flow that 's pure Schoolboy Q , while AK 's gruff bark brings Jay Rock to mind , but you wish either could match Ab-Soul 's pathos . There are nearly no memorable lines ( although “ I 'm like LeBron/I 'm like Mussolini , Genghis Khan/a leader of the town ” got stuck in my mind for all the wrong reasons ) or impressionable beats . Even on “ Gangland , ” where Issa Gold raps , “ I blow weed til I collapse , every night I say I quit/but every morning I relapse , ” the line does n't land because there 's no emotional context to place it into , no weighty dynamic that redeems all the flat “ smokin ' Cali shit ” talk with something that grapples with morality a little more meaningfully outside this one passive moment .
Contrast all this with the Technicolor fun of a group like the Bay Area 's Heartbreak Gang , New York 's genuinely weird Doppelgangaz , or Tacoma 's obscure but rewarding ILLFIGHTYOU , whose debut 2013 mixtape picked up similar buzz . It Happened in Flatbush lacks a compelling reason to listen , especially if their vaguely intriguing mystical conscious brand is what got you into them in the first place . It 's a concentrated dose of rappity-rap New York stuff—fine if your patience for it runs high , but if not , likely to make you tune out .
NORTHAMPTON -- In an effort to create a safe space free from potential insensitivity from the news media , activists at Smith College barred reporters from covering a sit-in Wednesday that drew 300 to 500 students .
The demonstration , organized in solidarity with students at the University of Missouri , was held from from noon to 12 a.m. in the Smith College Student Center .
The activists ' goal was to establish a place where students -- prioritizing students of color and black students -- could share their thoughts , feelings , poems and songs related to a rash of racially charged episodes this fall at Mizzou , as well as personal experiences of racism .
An event that draws so many people , especially one that concerns a topic of magnitude such as civil rights , is customarily covered by media outlets . But reporters who arrived at the sit-in were met with a clear message : Keep out .
Alyssa Mata-Flores , a 21-year-old Smith College senior and one of the sit-in 's organizers , explained that the rule was born from `` the way that media has historically painted radical black movements as violent and aggressive . ''
`` We are asking that any journalists or press that cover our story participate and articulate their solidarity with black students and students of color , '' they told MassLive in the Student Center Wednesday . `` By taking a neutral stance , journalists and media are being complacent in our fight . ''
Smith organizers said journalists were welcome to cover the event if they agreed to explicitly state they supported the movement in their articles .
Stacey Schmeidel , Smith College director of media relations , said the college supports the activists ' ban on media .
`` It 's a student event , and we respect their right to do that , although it poses problems for the traditional media , '' Stacey Schmeidel said .
Schmeidel went on to say that the college reserves the right to remove reporters from the Student Center because it 's a private campus .
Similar limitations have been put on media at demonstrations held at The University of Missouri and colleges across the country , including Amherst College .
`` We ask for no media in the parameters so the place where people live , fellowship , and sleep can be protected from twisted insincere narratives , '' a tweet from an account associated with University of Missouri activists read , after asserting that they did not want their `` tent city '' where protesters had been camping to be photographed , according to The Atlantic .
The students pushed and shoved reporters and cameramen to keep them from breaking through and interviewing protesters in another instance , The Daily Beast reports .
Some journalists have spoken out in support of such media bans .
`` The protesters had a legitimate gripe : The black community distrusts the news media because it has failed to cover black pain fairly , '' Terrell Jermaine Starr , a New York City-based journalist wrote for The Washington Post .
Schmeidel said that as far as she 's aware , the sit-in was the first Smith event to bar media coverage .
Correction : The original story stated that the sit-in was the `` largest Smith event to bar media coverage . '' In fact , it was the first .
Your Comments : `` Wait until they get out in the 'real world ' ''
Alabama was well-represented in the sixth week of the 2016-17 NFL regular season , as several former Crimson Tide players were major contributors for their respective pro teams across the league , especially the skill-position guys .
Wideouts Julio Jones and Amari Cooper produced strong performances Sundays , as each wide receiver eclipsed 100 yards . Dont ' a Hightower and Landon Collins both recorded double-digit tackles , while Hightower forced a safety .
( What 's the latest with the Tide ? Make sure you know by signing up for our FREE Alabama newsletter ! )
Here , BamaOnLine breaks down the former Alabama player performances in Week 6 of NFL action :
San Diego Chargers vs. Denver Broncos
76 D.J . Fluker , OL -- started at right guard
Buffalo Bills vs. San Francisco 49ers
99 Marcell Dareus , DT -- DID NOT PLAY ( INACTIVE )
71 Cyrus Kouandjio , OT -- DID NOT PLAY ( INACTIVE )
59 Reggie Ragland , LB -- DID NOT PLAY ( INJURED RESERVE )
92 Quinton Dial , DT -- 2 tackles
Washington Redskins vs. Philadelphia Eagles
74 Arie Kouandjio , OG -- DID NOT PLAY ( COACH 'S DECISION )
Tennessee Titans vs. Cleveland Browns
45 Jalston Fowler , FB -- 1 tackle
22 Derrick Henry , RB -- 2 carries , 7 yards , 2 receptions , 20 yards
49 Rashad Johnson , FS -- 1 tackle
70 Chance Warmack , OG -- DID NOT PLAY ( INJURED RESERVE )
New York Giants vs. Baltimore Ravens
21 Landon Collins , SS -- 12 tackles , 2 tackles for loss , 1 sack , 1 QB hit
57 C.J . Mosley , LB -- DID NOT PLAY ( INACTIVE )
New Orleans Saints vs. Carolina Panthers
41 Roman Harper , S -- 1 tackle
22 Mark Ingram , RB -- 16 carries , 51 yards , 2 receptions , 9 yards
77 D.J . Pettway , DL -- DID NOT PLAY ( INJURED RESERVE )
Chicago Bears vs. Jacksonville Jaguars
46 Carson Tinker , LS -- started at long snapper
24 T.J. Yeldon , RB -- 6 carries , 21 yards , 1 reception , 5 yards
Detroit Lions vs. Los Angeles Rams
91 A'Shawn Robinson , DT -- 1 tackle , 1 pass breakup
26 Mark Barron , LB/S -- 7 tackles
Miami Dolphins vs. Pittsburgh Steelers
32 Kenyan Drake , RB -- 1 rep at tailback , per PFF ; no stats
65 Anthony Steen , OL -- active ; no stats
New England Patriots vs. Cincinnati Bengals
54 Dont ' a Hightower , LB -- 13 tackles , 2 tackles for loss , 2 QB hits , 1.5 sacks , 1 safety
24 Cyrus Jones , CB -- DID NOT PLAY ( INACTIVE )
27 Dre Kirkpatrick , CB -- 5 tackles
5 AJ McCarron , QB -- 2 snaps at quarterback
Oakland Raiders vs. Kansas City Chiefs
89 Amari Cooper , WR -- 10 receptions , 129 yards
Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons
90 Jarran Reed , DT -- 3 tackles , 2 QB hits , 1 sack
11 Julio Jones , WR -- 7 receptions , 139 yards , 1 touchdown
91 Courtney Upshaw , LB -- DID NOT PLAY ( INACTIVE )
Green Bay Packers vs. Dallas Cowboys
21 Ha Ha Clinton-Dix , S -- 7 tackles
27 Eddie Lacy , RB -- 17 carries , 65 yards , 1 reception , 6 yards
Houston Texans vs. Indianapolis Colts
25 Kareem Jackson , DB -- DID NOT PLAY ( INACTIVE )
78 Ryan Kelly , C -- started at center
Arizona Cardinals vs. New York Jets
69 Evan Mathis , OG -- DID NOT PLAY ( INJURED RESERVE )
91 Ed Stinson , DT -- DID NOT PLAY ( INACTIVE )
77 James Carpenter , OG -- started at left guard
Be sure to enjoy VIP access to BamaOnLine with our FREE trial until Jan. 1 , 2017 promotional offer .
This article is over 2 years old
Second attack of its kind in a week comes as nation struggles to contain religious violence
An armed mob has razed a Muslim prayer hall in northern Myanmar , the second attack on a mosque in just over a week as anti-Muslim sentiment swells in the Buddhist majority nation .
Myanmar has struggled to contain bouts of deadly religious bloodshed in recent years , with bristling sectarian tensions and rising Buddhist nationalism posing a challenge to the new government led by Aung San Suu Kyi .
'No Muslims allowed ' : how nationalism is rising in Aung San Suu Kyi 's Myanmar Read more
On Friday , villagers in Hpakant , a jade-mining town in northern Kachin state , ransacked a mosque “ wielding sticks , knives and other weapons ” before burning it down , according to the state-run Global New Light of Myanmar .
“ The mob was unresponsive and entirely beyond control . The building was razed by the riotous crowd , ” the paper reported , adding that the rampage was sparked by a dispute over the mosque 's construction .
The riot coincided with the end of a 12-day visit by a United Nations rights investigator who warned that “ tensions along religious lines remain pervasive across Myanmar society ” .
In a press conference concluding their trip on Friday , Yanghee Lee called on authorities to investigate the destruction of another mosque in central Bago late last month .
“ The government must demonstrate that instigating and committing violence against an ethnic or religious minority community has no place in Myanmar , ” they said .
Religious intolerance has mushroomed across the country in recent years , threatening to unravel advances towards democracy since the former junta stepped down in 2011 .
Authorities have been reluctant to launch prosecutions out of fear of stoking further unrest .
The worst religious violence struck western Rakhine State in 2012 , leaving scores dead and pushing tens of thousands of the stateless Muslim Rohingya into destitute displacement camps .
The state remains almost completely divided on religious grounds , with Muslim communities subject to a host of restrictions on their movements and access to basic services and employment .
Lee urged the country 's new government to make ending “ institutionalised discrimination against Muslim communities in state ... an urgent priority ” .
Suu Kyi , the Noble peace prize winner who championed their country 's struggle against a repressive military regime , has dismayed rights groups by not taking swifter moves to carve out a solution for the Rohingya .
Just three days after their inauguration , the president courted labor by inviting the heads of several building trades unions to the Oval Office . Afterward , they sounded almost giddy , with the president of the laborers ' union issuing a news release headlined , “ It is Finally Beginning to Feel Like a New Day for America 's Working Class . ”
Sean McGarvey , president of North America 's Building Trades Unions , came away applauding Mr. Trump 's plans for the Keystone Pipeline and other projects , which could mean more than 100,000 new jobs . “ So far so good — our concern is basically the economic trajectory of our membership , ” Mr. McGarvey said . ( Though when President Trump spoke last week to the construction unions ' legislative conference , some union officials — unhappy about their push to repeal Obamacare and their rolling back of some worker safety regulations — booed them and held up signs saying , “ Resist . ” )
Although labor unions have declined in size and might — just 10.7 percent of American workers belong to unions , down from 30 percent under President John F. Kennedy — they still pack plenty of political punch . Many labor leaders were mortified that Hillary Clinton narrowly lost in three longtime union strongholds , Michigan , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin ; they say that if they and labor had campaigned a bit smarter in those states , they could have won them , and the White House . One reason they lost Wisconsin is that union rolls there have plummeted — from 15 percent of all workers in 2009 to 8 percent today . A big reason : Gov . Scott Walker moved aggressively to shrink Wisconsin 's public-sector unions .
Mr. Trump has focused their attentions on private-sector unions and workers , like miners in Kentucky and steelworkers in Pennsylvania . “ Trump is doing what both Nixon and Reagan tried to do : pick out a few of the likeliest unions and see if you can make nice with them , ” said Joseph McCartin , a labor historian at Georgetown University . They noted another similarity — while the Reagan administration had numerous officials interested in working with unions , it , like the Trump administration , also had fiercely anti-labor officials eager to weaken unions .
The nation 's unions are divided into three camps regarding Mr. Trump .
The construction trades are the most pro-Trump . Many liberals have criticized Mr. McGarvey 's enthusiastic words for the president , but they said it 's smart to work with politicians . “ We 're working on creating a building trades majority , Democratic and Republican , whether state or national , ” they said . “ We never want to be in a position where losing an election changes the economic trajectory of our membership . ”
Durante los controles de tránsito de rutina que realizan en el centro de Quilmes los fines de semana , esta vez hubo una sorpresa . Pararon una Ferrari 458 Spider color roja , que vale unos US $ 600 mil dólares y es una rareza en el país , a la que le encontraron la patente adulterada . Además , su conductor no tenía registro .
Cuando intentaba ingresar a una estación de servicio , el auto descapotable de alta gama llamó la atención del personal municipal y de la Policía local que el sábado a la noche realizaba un operativo en la esquina de Garibaldi y Lavalle .
La Ferrari secuestrada quedó a disposición del Juzgado de Faltas de Quilmes . ( Foto Policía local de Quilmes )
Al pedirle al conductor la documentación de rutina , encontraron que el joven que manejaba , identificado como Marcelo Silva ( tiene unos 30 años y domicilio en Quilmes ) , no contaba con licencia ni ningún papel que acreditara la propiedad del auto , y que la patente estaba adulterada : le habían pegado stickers para dificultar su lectura .
Mirá también Mirá también En Capital , extienden a cinco años el vencimiento de las multas de tránsito
Newsletters Clarín Qué pasó hoy | Te contamos las noticias más importantes del día , y que pasará mañana cuando te levantes De Lunes a viernes por la tarde . Recibir newsletter
Además , no llevaba matrícula delantera , algo común en este tipo de vehículos : sus dueños no encuentran lugar y evitan perforar la carrocería para poner la chapa reglamentaria .
El acta labrada por la Policía , a la que accedió Clarín , indica : “ No tenía ningún tipo de documentación como tampoco registro de conducir , tras lo cual se procede a labrar la infracción de tránsito y trasladar dicho vehículo al corralón municipal ” .
La Ferrari 458 Spider quedó secuestrada en una dependencia municipal . ( Foto Policía local de Quilmes )
El conductor no se resistió a ser parado por los agentes y habría argumentado que el exclusivo auto , del cual sólo ingresaron cinco a la Argentina , pertenece a una empresa . Tras recibir la multa , quedó en libertad pero bajo investigación .
La Ferrari fue secuestrada con fajas que tienen la leyenda “ demorado ” y está a disposición del Juzgado de Faltas local . Este modelo tiene un motor de 4,5 litros V8 y 570 caballos de potencia , que le permite alcanzar una velocidad máxima de 330 kilómetros por hora .
Clarín Zonales
Get the biggest Arsenal stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Stan Kroenke currently rules the roost at the Emirates , despite the powerful figure of Alisher Usmanov looming large .
With 67 per cent of the club 's shares , Kroenke holds all the power , while Usmanov - the club 's second largest shareholder at 30 per cent - is kept firmly on the sidelines .
The Russian did make their power move back in May , offering Kroenke £1 billion for their stake , but the bid was rejected .
A statement released by Kroenke Sports & Entertainment at the time , said : `` KSE UK , Inc notes the recent media speculation concerning its shareholding in Arsenal Holdings PLC and confirms its shares are not , and never have been , for sale .
`` KSE is a committed , long term investor in Arsenal and will remain so . ''
And now the tables appear to have been turned - with reports suggesting that Kroenke has now made a bid to buy out Usmanov 's stake . Should that happen the American would own more than 97 per cent of the club .
To find out more about the current situation at Arsenal , Football.London spoke with a source who has helped set up successful takeover bids in England and across Europe - and has had dealings with both Kroenke and Usmanov - to discuss how the next few months could pan out in N5 .
What options does Usmanov have ?
( Image : MAXIM SHEMETOV/AFP/Getty Images )
“ There 's no way that Stan can be obliged to sell legally . They are the majority shareholder .
“ Only aggressive fans making their life intolerable through threats and other means might persuade them otherwise - but that 's very unlikely .
“ Usmanov has no options apart from making offers and telling the media . Stan is a billionaire and owns sporting clubs as investments .
“ If Usmanov offered Stan a huge profit maybe Stan would consider but Stan does n't need the money .
“ Offering Stan £1 billion and thus a profit of 40 % is never going to be a compelling offer . Perhaps £2 billion might make Stan consider . ”
So will Usmanov give up ?
“ Understanding the nature of the man is important . They made their fortune in the Russian metals sector , where being tough helps .
“ Usmanov is used to getting their way but with Arsenal they ca n't bully Stan . In fact Stan has shut them out and Usmanov has no seat on Arsenal 's board even . There is no love lost there .
“ Usmanov can consult their advisors but they have nowhere to turn apart from making a higher offer .
“ When Stan went to 63 % they had to offer the same terms to Usmanov and was rejected . Usmanov dug a hole for himself . Possibly Stan would buy their shares just to get rid of him . ”
Would Kroenke ever be tempted to sell ?
“ Stan is worth $ 7-8 billion and their wife , daughter of Sam Wall ( Walmart founder ) , is worth $ 40 billion or more . They are much richer that Usmanov .
“ I just ca n't see Stan selling Arsenal , it 's their top club in their empire of sports clubs . ”
What do you think Usmanov 's next move should be ?
“ Usmanov would be wise to sell to Stan .
“ He could buy a top La Liga club for the value of their Arsenal stake and be playing in the Champions League .
“ He should have sold to Stan when Stan went to 63 % and was obligated to make the same offer to all shareholders . ”
SILCHAR : Just a day after a woman from Guwahati was allegedly molested by the train ticket examiner ( TTE ) on the Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express , a large group of ticketless vendors threatened a woman passenger , they would rape them if they tried to visit the toilet on the Lumding-Silchar Cachar Express under the Northeast Frontier Railway ( NFR ) on Monday night . Seven passengers who raised their voice against the misbehaviour of the vendors were injured when the latter roughed them up . The victim is a nurse by profession.Sources said a group of 25 ticketless vendors who were on their way to Mahur in Dima Hasao district were occupying sleeper coach No . 1 of Down 15691 Cachar Express at Lumding station illegally , causing inconvenience to passengers with valid tickets.The woman in their FIR filed at the Government Railway Police ( GRP ) station at Badarpur on Tuesday morning said they had come from Dimapur and boarded the Cachar Express at Lumding . However , they and their co-passengers found that most of the seats and the floor of the coach were occupied by the vendors with bags full of vegetables and other items . They somehow managed to sit on their seat amid the chaos . `` The train left Lumding at around 8.30pm . After some time , I visited the toilet with a lot of inconvenience , because the toilet doors were blocked by the vendors and their bags . When I was returning to my seat , the vendors passed abusive comments . They warned that they would rape me if I go to the toilet again , '' the FIR read.Sources said other passengers , particularly members of a Muslim spiritual group named Tablighi , who were on their way to Badarpur , protested against the misbehaviour of the vendors . However , the vendors went on the rampage and beat up the protesting passengers , injuring seven , two of them seriously.The passengers alleged that there were no railway police on the train to protect them . At 11.30pm when the train reached Mahur station , the vendors got off the train.The passengers filed a complaint with the railway authorities only after the train arrived at Lower Haflong station at 1am on Tuesday , after which a few Railway Protection Force ( RPF ) men were deployed in the coach.After the Cachar Express reached Badarpur at 6am , hundreds of people , who came to know of the incident at night , blocked the train . They sent the injured passengers to the Srigauri government hospital.The injured were identified as Safiqur Rahman ( 25 ) , Niaz Uddin ( 52 ) , a teacher of Badarpur Deorail Senior Madrassa , Masum Jakaria ( 21 ) , Aktar Uddin ( 38 ) , Abdul Aziz ( 34 ) , Ansar Uddin ( 54 ) and Karim Uddin ( 28 ) - all are residents of Badarpur locality in Karimganj district.Safiqur and Niaz were sent to Silchar Medical College Hospital as their condition was serious.Area manager of NFR ( Badarpur ) Narayan Harikumar rushed to the spot to negotiate with the agitators who stopped trains on all the routes including Silchar-Lumding , Silchar-Agartala , Silchar-Bhairabi and Silchar-Jiribam . The protesters manhandled the area manager and they sustained minor injuries . Police had to rescue the NFR official.The blockade continued till 4.30pm and was withdrawn only after the area manager announced a probe into the incident by a committee to be constituted within 24 hours . The committee will submit its report within a week , they said . Train services resumed only after 6 pm.Meanwhile , NFR authorities suspended two TTEs , Dulal Chandra Roy and Raben Das , for allegedly allowing the vendors to board the train without tickets.Police on Tuesday also arrested two of the accused vendors from Mahur . Police are searching for the rest of the vendors , who are on the run.The agitators said they had suspended the agitation only for 24 hours . If the erring TTEs and vendors are not booked in this period , they would resume their stir by blocking trains on all routes . The agitators also put up a blockade on the NH-37 at Badarpur from 6am to 11.30am during the day in protest against the incident , stalling traffic on the highway .
The WaPo 's Eugene Robinson nails it with this one :
What Clinton 's evocation of RFK suggests is n't that they had some tactical reason for speaking the unspeakable but that they and their closest advisers ca n't stop running and rerunning through their minds the most far-fetched scenarios , no matter how absurd or even obscene . They give the impression of having spent long nights convincing themselves that the stars really might still align for them — that something can still happen to make the Democratic Party realize how foolish it has been . Clinton campaigns as if they know they will leave some Democrats with bad feelings . That 's the Clinton way : Ask forgiveness , not permission . But every day , as more superdelegates trickle to Obama 's side , it becomes a surer bet that they will not win . They and their family enjoy good health and fabulous wealth . They 'll be fine — unless , while losing this race for the nomination , Hillary Clinton also loses their soul .
That sort of assumes that they have a soul , though , does n't it ?
Robinson is right in one sense . The RFK gaffe should n't be taken as some signal of a secret hope on Hillary 's part that Barack Obama will get shot , but as an indication of just how desperate she 's becoming as the increasing absurdity of the idea that they have any chance at all getting the Democratic nomination becomes more and more evident by the day .
But that 's only half the story , I think .
The gaffe itself , and the entire manner in which this campaign has been run ever since Iowa is an indication of that it really is that motivates Hillary Clinton in this race . She 's not running because they have new ideas . She 's not running for reasons of public service . She 's running simply because they want to be President and likes the idea of having power again .
That 's more dangerous than anything I can think of .
Dating is hard . And that 's coming from a guy who once hooked up a refurbished Soviet-era NK-43 rocket engine to their dad 's crummy Oldsmobile 88 with nothing but a Handyman toolkit and a vat of orange soda . Girls are different . There are no equations or blueprints to get them to like you . And there 's a certain void that even quantum mechanics and the latest tech toys ca n't fill . Why am I waxing and waning about love ? That foot-popping kiss from the Golden Glider last week ( yeah , that happened ) made me realize that sure , I get to hangout and kick-ass with a bonafide superhero , but what is a life of daring heroics without the opportunity to get a little romantical on the side ?
Every other Friday night , while all the Romeos are out with their Juliets , CC Jitters hosts “ An Espresso Shot at Love. ” Basically , speed dating . I know , I know – totally lame , right ? But the thought of kicking off yet another weekend watching reruns of Xena : Warrior Princess made me throw on a bowtie , pop a breath mint , and slap on a nametag .
When I got there , the ladies were already stationed at tables scattered around the room , doing some last minute primping and not-so-subtle-selfie-checks with their phones . There was a solid age distribution – everything from the college freshies to the middle-aged cougars . I had prepped my game with the latest issue of Cosmo ( and those hair care tips are on point ) so I was feeling pretty good by the time I plopped down across from Olivia , a super cute philosophy major at Hudson U .
Things started off great – they laughed at my Christopher Walken impression , they put strawberry jelly on their PB & J ( none of that grape nonsense ! ) , and they totally dug my time-is-relative wristwatch . The pheromones were shooting between us like fireworks . But when they touched my hand with their French-manicured fingers , something happened…
All of a sudden I was no longer making goo-goo eyes at a potential mate – I was staring into a terrifying row of dagger-like teeth . My heart starting hammering , I broke out in a cold sweat , and there 's a high probability that I screamed like a little girl . What the hell was that ? A monster ? A meta ? I tried to get my wits , but the vision swam and I was back at Jitters , the bell was dinging , and some overeager lothario was shoving me out of my seat so they could take a shot at Olivia .
I had to get out of there . I had to figure out what the heck I just saw . Guess my love life will be DOA for the foreseeable future until I can figure out what 's going on with my brain – I just wish it would n't mess with matters of the heart !
“ We have to think about selling ourselves all the time , and it takes a concerted effort that none of us have ever done before , ” said Ms. Espinal , who is in their first year as principal of Public School 125 , also known as the Ralph Bunche School . “ We have to get them in the door if we are even going to try to convince them to come here . ”
Five years ago , P.S . 125 , on West 123rd Street , had more than 460 students . Today , the school , with students in kindergarten through the fifth grade and an A on its last school report card , has fewer than half that , and now shares its building with the Columbia Secondary School , which serves students in grades 6 through 12 .
Photo
During their open house last week , Ms. Espinal spent more than two hours channeling their enthusiasm to persuade half a dozen parents that P.S . 125 was the best place for their children . They walked quickly and spoke even faster as they led the parents through the school , proudly showing off a building with an ornate auditorium and a spotless gym .
And then there was the functioning pool , where they held the chat last summer . Few other public schools in Manhattan have one , they boasted .
Parents oohed and ahhed at the pool and ran through dozens of questions about which reading program the school used , how often students used the science lab and which students used the gym on rainy days . Several counted the children in each classroom and smiled contentedly when they did not get to 20 .
“ That 's key , ” said Shoshana Haulley , whose 4-year-old son will enter kindergarten next year . After the tour , Ms. Haulley said they were impressed with Ms. Espinal 's assertiveness but was unsure where they would send them son .
Officials at Alain L. Locke Elementary School , on West 111th Street , spent months with a marketing firm , which worked free of charge to develop a blog and Web site to keep parents up to date . Since 2005 , enrollment at the school has dropped by more than 25 percent , but has stabilized this year .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Sometimes it 's just a matter of sharing what 's happening , ” said Susan M. Green , the principal of the school . Like other school leaders in Harlem , Ms. Green said sometimes parents were “ pleasantly surprised ” when they visited open houses , which the schools now routinely hold .
River East Elementary , on East 120th Street , draws students throughout Harlem and typically has more applicants than seats . But at this time of year , staff members spend hours scurrying to day care centers , churches and apartment complexes to find prospective parents , said Katie Smith , the assistant principal . “ We have to be out there constantly representing ourselves , ” Ms. Smith said .
Keeping the classrooms full is not just a matter of pride . Dwindling enrollment is one of the criteria that the schools chancellor , Joel I. Klein , uses when deciding which schools to close , saying that it shows parents are “ voting with their feet . ”
Photo
The prospect of being shut down has left educators in Harlem 's public schools anxious . Teachers from closed schools keep their salaries even if they can not find new positions , though Mr. Klein has been seeking the power to lay them off after a certain time . In some cases , principals and other administrators can lose their jobs or be pushed out of the system .
Last year , the Education Department moved to shut down Public School 241 and replace it with a charter school run by the Harlem Success Academy network , but backed off after the teachers ' union filed a lawsuit . Still , Mr. Klein sent a letter home to parents at the school , encouraging them to “ seriously consider ” applying to Harlem Success , which now shares the building with P.S . 241 .
This fall , 232 students enrolled at the traditional school , a drop from 299 the year before .
For most schools , the marketing amounts to less than $ 500 , raised by parents and teachers to print up full color postcards or brochures . Typically , principals rely on staff members with a creative bent to draw up whatever they can .
Student recruitment has always been necessary for charter schools , which are privately run but receive public money based on their enrollment , supplemented by whatever private donations they can corral .
The Harlem Success Academy network , run by the former City Council member Eva Moskowitz , is widely regarded , with admiration by some and scorn by others , as having the biggest marketing effort . Their bright orange advertisements pepper the bus stop in the neighborhood , and prospective parents receive full color mailings almost monthly .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Moskowitz said the extensive outreach was necessary to make sure they were drawing from a broad spectrum of parents . Ms. Moskowitz said they spent roughly $ 90 per applicant for recruitment . With about 3,600 applicants last year for the four schools in the network , they said , the total amounted to $ 325,000 .
As another example of the buzz that public schools are up against , the Oscars broadcast on Sunday night included a 60-second American Express advertisement featuring Harlem Children 's Zone , which runs two charter schools .
The regular schools are contending , most of all , with a perception that charter schools deliver a superior education . Many of Harlem 's regular schools , like its charter schools , received A 's last year from the city for showing progress on standardized tests . But , in general , they tend to have lower passing rates .
Even Ms. Green , of Alain Locke Elementary , said there was only so much a school could do to increase enrollment . “ For me there are variables you can control and some that you ca n't , ” they said . “ Our job is catering to the needs of the children who are here . ”
D3D4 Morecambe Correspondent documents their recent trip to Nailsworth to see how things at Forest Green Rovers are done differently…
Experiencing Another Way .
I 've been personally looking forward to this day ever since Forest Green spoilt the Rovers Return by overcoming Tranmere at Wembley in the National League Play-Off Final earlier this year to win a place in the Football League for the first time in their history .
Forest Green Rovers initially came to my attention when the man who rebuilt Morecambe Football Club to be in a fit shape to enter the Football League – Jim Harvey – went there as Manager after the Morecambe Board treated them disgracefully after they had a heart attack in the changing rooms at Christie Park before a game against Cambridge United during 2005 : the longest-serving manager in the Football Conference at the time was sacked by them as soon as they recovered – to their eternal shame .
Since Jim took charge at the New Lawn – which had just been built a short distance from their previous ground – there have been many changes at the Gloucestershire club . Belying the reality that Nailsworth – where the club is based – is a tiny place , Forest Green defied predictions of their demise even as a Conference club year after year before current Chairman Dale Vince took-over in 2010 . They oversaw a revolution at the club both on and off the field . The owner of an ` environmentally friendly ' power company and described as ` Britain 's Richest Hippy ' by some business websites , Chairman Vince implemented new policies at the club including the gradual withdrawal of all meat-based and then dairy-derived products not only from their players ' diets but also from the catering throughout the ground .
“ It 's fairly widely known that red meat is bad for performance and it is n't uncommon for top athletes to avoid it , but it 's less common in football ” they explain , adding : “ Typically football food is hideous . Burgers are the most awful parts of an animal and are really unappealing products that are cheap as dirt . We 've replaced them with really high quality plant-based food . ”
It seems self-evident to me that if vegetarianism is good enough for Sergio Aguero , it 's surely good enough for most professional footballers , is n't it ? Having said that , there is a vast difference between veggies and Vegans . I have a vague notion that it is understandable that many people might have the same attitude towards Veganism as George Bernard Shaw had to another movement in vogue in their era : ` the only thing wrong with Socialism is Socialists ' they said – or words to that effect . Vegans have a reputation , sadly , for being earnest and self-righteous individuals with a virtually fascist attitude to what they do : not attributes which are generally admirable and precisely the sort of attitude which causes non-Vegans to see them as cranky in more than one sense of the term . However , if you have any doubt that a Vegan diet means that you might as well wear a Hair Shirt as well , you clearly have n't been to the Whale Tail cafe in Lancaster : I heartily recommend their menu and if you do n't like the look of the main courses , remember Marie Antionette and just eat the Vegan cakes instead – you wo n't be disappointed…
As someone who has not knowingly eaten meat ( murder ) or fish ( justifiable homicide as they say ) for almost forty years , I personally could n't wait to get my hands on some of the nosh for sale at The New Lawn . Thinking “ Hippies ; Buddhist beliefs ; Tibet ; Yaks ” , it occurred to me that there might be Yakamole for instance . ( But then it occurred to me that , as a Yak is an animal , this would n't happen . I 'm a bit slow sometimes and it then occurred to me that Guacamole is vegan anyway – except if you make it with real Moles , of course… ) But whatever was actually on the menu , if I could wash it down with a pint of organic beer from the nearby Stroud Brewery in the Green Man pub which is part of the ground , all the better…
But back to Forest Green Rovers and their own philosophy . All their players are required to eat a meat-free diet , even manager Mark Cooper . ( I must admit I find it difficult to imagine Mark 's dad – Terry Cooper , who was part of Don Revie 's Leeds United team which included such bruisers as Norman ` Bite Yer Legs ' Hunter , Johnny Giles and Billy Bremner – ever accepting a diet which did n't include meat – unless cannibalism was excepted , of course . ) The club claim to have been described by FIFA as officially the most environmentally-friendly on the planet ( I wonder how many vegan pies they had to slip their way to get that accolade , suggests they cynically ) and – among their many other claims to fame , even have a robot lawn mower to cut the old as well as the new lawn presumably .
So here we have a right-on forward-looking club setting Another Way for running a football club ( and with the latest goings-on this week back home in Morecambe , I do n't personally feel in any position to criticise the way any club is run differently at the moment to be honest… ) , where the lawn is humanely manicured , no animals are forced to suffer , the electricity is renewable , the plan is sustainable and… whoa ! – hold on a minute…
I was forced to question my quaint notions that I was visiting the Green Republic of Nailsworth and an alternative way of doing things as soon as I looked at the ticketing arrangements listed by Forest Green on Morecambe FC 's website a couple of weeks before the game . At other grounds I have visited to watch the Shrimps : Carlisle ; Hereford ; Bradford ; Blackpool ; Bury ; York City ; Wrexham – you name it – opposition supporters have been shepherded into covered seats from which they could watch the contest without being at the mercy of the elements . At Fleetwood and Dagenham & Redbridge , you could stand if you wanted to but only Accrington Stanley in my previous experience required visiting fans to stand in the open come hail , rain or shine whether they wanted to or not : but that 's probably what you would expect from a pretty Neanderthal outfit playing in probably the worst stadium in the EFL . At The New Lawn , I was expecting at least Yurts filled with large cushions stuffed with organically grown Kapok or something even better to welcome supporters from elsewhere . So imagine my astonishment when I read the following before setting off for deepest , darkest Gloucestershire :
“ All away fans are invited to watch the match from our West Terrace ( standing only ) , which can hold up to 808 people .
The West Terrace is an uncovered standing terrace at the moment and we have plans to create a covered seating area , but it wo n't be ready in time for your arrival unfortunately .
That said , we 'd advise fans to bring appropriate clothing in case of inclement weather particularly as The New Lawn is on top of a hill and is exposed to the elements . ”
So it would appear that the only cruelty to animals that Forest Green Rovers ( the Green Devils ) actually promotes is that to the human beings who have the misfortune to support someone else . If the New Lawn was the mixture of downgraded chicken sheds , grown-up Meccano and whatever other building cast-offs Accrington 's Crown Ground is made of , they might have an excuse . But this stadium is less than ten years old : it was designed to be like this . So Boo and Hiss , Hippies ; Green Devils indeed ! My partner Anne intended to come with me on this adventure today but when they saw the above they decided that the thought of a 65-year old woman recovering from a stroke which they endured fourteen months ago paying eightteen quid to stand in potentially freezing weather in the rain was not only taking a liberty but also taking something else wet , totally natural but not necessarily organic as well…
So I went on my own , having first looked-up the address of The New Lawn ( it 's : Another Way , Nailsworth , Gloucestershire ) on Google Earth .
I was surprised how many bits of Gloucestershire around Stroud and Nailsworth actually looked like Lancashire because of the number of old brick-built textile mills in the vicinity . This hardly chimed with my preconception of the Cotswolds but after we passed through Nailsworth and headed further south towards Tetbury ( where Anne , effectively banished from The New Lawn for being too old and too wobbly on their pins would spend the afternoon looking at overpriced ‘ local crafts ' and other tat in their tourist trap ` antique ' shops ) , the preconceptions were fulfilled . No – not necessarily the tourist tat but the green panorama and chocolate box buildings . No Satanic mills here , thank you very much .
I dropped them off just before two o'clock and headed back the eight or so miles to Nailsworth and followed the signs from the centre of the place up a very long steep hill until I reached the ` overflow ' carpark at Forest Green and parked on the playground of a school adjacent to The New Lawn . I got out , exchanged pleasantries with a few other people on Missionary work from Morecambe and then walked the short distance to the ground , where I bought a ticket and a programme .
I 'd dressed in green specially to make this pilgrimage and intended to visit the Green Man next to break bread ( organic ) and have an ( orgasmic ) pint of naturally brewed beer .
( Green Men )
But a man with an orange reflective jacket and a Gloucestershire accent so impenetrable that I first thought they were trying to sell me a Forest Green Lottery ticket escorted me from the premises – or would have done if I had n't guessed that what they were actually saying was ` home supporters only ' . “ Where do I get a pint then ? ” I asked : ` Round the corner… ”
If he 'd added ` in a tent ' , I would have had another vision of some sort of Yurt . But this does n't look much like a Yurt to me :
( These do n't look much like Yurts to me )
The beer – as promised in Forest Green 's propaganda – was organic and from Stroud Brewery . From a bottle . I 'd already bought an onion bhaji wrap from an adjacent Indian Food stall and it was really delicious . The beer was n't bad either and you ca n't complain about the way it was served – biodegradable cup and everything…
( Even the programme is Green . Well , I suppose it would be , with a name like theirs , would n't it ? )
As I stuffed my face and wet my whistle , I got talking to another Forest Green Steward ( note the bars between me and them Animals in a pen ? Surely not… ) This was a female one and when I mentioned that I would not be all alone if it were possible to actually sit down as an Away supporter , they became quite indignant . If I had taken the trouble to ring the club in advance , space would have been made in the main stand for anyone with mobility difficulties . “ And how would I know that as an Away supporter ? ” Face the East and go “ Om ! ” preferably from Stonehenge ? No – do n't be silly . “ This is the fault of your club : they should have published this information in advance ! ” “ I 've no reason to believe that Morecambe did n't publish all the information they were sent by your club ” I said , “ But there 's no mention of it there . Your lot told us to come prepared for bad weather ! ” They were not happy about this and said they would be ` raising this issue ' with the Forest Green hierarchy – and I 'm sure they will . In fact , they were very friendly and gave me this lovely smile to share with you all :
( The other side of the bar – sorry- bars : )
Once inside the ground , there was no escape from the fact that Forest Green is not a football club like any other I know of . Here 's the menu for those of us not already stuffed full of beer and Indian food :
( The Pies are so popular , they have to Q for them : )
And if you want a cup of tea , remember that you ai n't going to get any milk in it ( I 'm not entirely sure the cup and the cover which went with it are quite as right-on as the one with the beer had been but nobody 's perfect… ) :
( Soya or Oaty Vicar ? : )
And if anyone was still in any doubt about being in a Vegan wonderland , this sign and the flagpole with a skull-and-crossbones flag attached to it were further clues , as was the eight-page supplement called Vegan Forest Rovers in the middle of the matchday programme .
( First word on the banner sums-up Morecambe 's problem… )
And if you still had n't got the message , the announcement over the PA that today 's sponsors were ` itseasy2bvegan ' means that only the wilfully deaf and blind could ignore the fact .
I wish the club well personally . I did n't enjoy what happened on the field during the next two hours or so but I hope that both clubs will meat – sorry – meet again next season in the EFL .
I do n't know how much it costs to visit a Premiership football ground but I can tell you what it cost me in strict cash terms to visit Forest Green today after I had paid for the diesel for the 400+ mile round journey : A fiver to park ; the same for the Indian wrap ; eighteen pounds to get in ; three quid for a programme ; £1.60 for a cup of tea and four quid for a bottle of beer . Total : £36.60 . It 's not a cheap day out…
( The Away Supporters arrive . )
But at least it did n't rain…Except in my heart . Here is the match report :
For the past few months , fans of girl group Lipservice have been wondering who the third female was in the photos uploaded on the group 's Facebook account , and their identity has finally been revealed !
Over the past few days , Lipservice has been hinting at a possible comeback as they uploaded individual and even selca group photos all with a similar word included , “ HELLO. ” In the latest individual photo release on March 9th , the name of the third mysterious member who has been seen in photos and even cover videos of the group has been revealed : CinD .
Lipservice made their debut in February 2014 as a duo consisting of Cora and Bipa while Anna was added to the group in their comeback and second single Upgrade released in August 2014 . The group ran into a controversy after member Cora suddenly withdrew from the group in February 2015 after new comeback image teasers did not include them Them messages relayed to fans ' questions through their Instagram instigated an official response from the agency . Read more here .
Meanwhile , no official words yet on whether the girls ( Anna , Bipa , CinD ) are gearing up for a comeback soon . Stay tuned !
Barnes & Noble Inc. said it would pursue a split of its retail and Nook e-reader businesses into two separate public companies .
The bookseller said it plans to complete the separation by the end of the first quarter of the next calendar year .
Shares jumped about 7 % in recent premarket trading .
The company has struggled as its Nook device -- the company 's bid to compete with Amazon.com 's edge in the e-book market -- has failed to catch on .
For the latest quarter , the Nook segment posted a 22 % revenue decline to $ 87 million , the company said on Wednesday . Digital content sales fell 19 % to $ 62 million .
Barnes & Noble 's retail segment , meanwhile , posted a 0.8 % increase in revenue to $ 955.6 million as the latest quarter included an extra week . However , same-store sales , excluding Nook items , fell 1.9 % . The company pointed to `` unusually severe February weather , '' as one reason for the decline . Including Nook items , same-store sales fell 4.1 % .
`` We believe we are now in a better position to begin in earnest those steps necessary to accomplish a separation of NOOK Media and Barnes & Noble Retail , '' said Chief Executive Michael P. Huseby . `` We have determined that these businesses will have the best chance of optimizing shareholder value if they are capitalized and operated separately . ''
The company in August abandoned any plans to split up the company after considering the idea for 18 months . Also , Leonard Riggio , the book retailer 's chairperson and largest shareholder , decided against making a personal offer to buy the company 's consumer bookstores .
Those moves followed the company 's decision to scale back the company 's efforts in the hardware space . Subsequently , William Lynch , who was a prime player in the Nook push , resigned as CEO . The company named Mr. Huseby as CEO in January .
Earlier this year , Mr. Huseby said Barnes & Noble will likely make its next color tablet in collaboration with a third-party manufacturer , an idea disclosed last June but put on hold when Mr. Lynch left the following month .
Overall , for the fiscal fourth quarter ended May 3 , the company posted a loss of $ 36.7 million , or 72 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 114.8 million , or $ 2.04 a share , a year earlier .
Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 1.32 billion , though the year-earlier quarter included one less week .
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had projected a per-share loss of 59 cents a share and $ 1.19 billion in revenue .
Gross margin widened to 32.1 % from 18.1 % as input costs fell 14 % .
Write to Anna Prior at anna.prior @ wsj.com
Subscribe to WSJ : http : //online.wsj.com ? mod=djnwires
Just in time for the Super Bowl , New York City will finally be able to answer that age-old question : Just how many strippers can you fit on a 25-foot pole ?
The answer : at least three .
Promising never-before-seen heights of eroticism , the new Vivid Cabaret in Midtown boasts this 7.6-meter steel stake , more than twice as tall as other stripper poles in Fun City .
“ It 's sturdy enough and long enough to do all the tricks I know , ” said Vivid Cabaret dancer Carlie , 22 . “ There are a lot of clubs , but the poles are never big enough to do all the tricks I 've learned . ”
The club had its “ soft opening ” this week , with an official G-string cutting on Jan. 29 — timed to the opening of “ Super Bowl Boulevard , ” the NFL 's strip of Broadway from 34th to 47th Sts .
The football fan fest has the Lombardi Trophy — but given the cabaret 's location at W. 37th St. and Sixth Ave. , it 's likely many football fans will mosey in for a gander at another piece of metallic eye candy : the lengthy rod running from the ceiling to floor .
To the uninitiated , stripper poles are a time-honored ecdysiast accoutrement , tracing their origins to Indian mallakhamb , a 12th-century gymnastic activity that employed a vertical wooden beam .
The manager of the club says several professional athletes have reserved tables for Super Bowl Sunday . ( Jefferson Siegel/New York Daily News )
At a strip club — and this is in dancer Carlie 's words , mind you — audience members can fantasize that they are the pole around which the dancer , typically a young , physically fit and sexually aggressive female , is wrapped .
The dancer is never naked , of course , because state law forbids nudity when alcohol is served . But state law does n't cover fantasy .
And booze is available , the better to create the proper environment for that other great manly pursuit : football .
Vivid Cabaret manager Shaun Kevlin says a number of professional athletes have already reserved tables for Super Bowl game day , Feb. 2 . They declined to name names ( of course ) , but they did spout numbers : The club has a dozen big TVs , including one 20-foot projection screen .
The new club is a partnership between Rick 's Cabaret , a national chain of strip clubs listed on NASDAQ , and Vivid Entertainment , a major player in adult-film production .
It seems likely that the mammary mast will help Rick 's stock price , which is already at about $ 11 , up from about $ 8.50 a year ago .
New York City 's tallest strip-club pole . The Vivid Cabaret is a partnership between Rick 's Cabaret and porn powerhouse Vivid Entertainment . ( Jefferson Siegel/New York Daily News )
Vivid brings more than a long staff to the partnership : Thanks to its main business , there will be a steady stream of porn stars a-twirl on that mega-pole , including Tera Patrick on opening night .
Lest eyes wander to the game , Vivid Cabaret dancer Evelyn vows to bring them back to the steel shaft in the center of the room .
“ I do n't really have a favorite team , '' they say , `` but if any team wins , I 'll take my dress off . ”
Fortunately , the Super Bowl ca n't end in a tie .
On a mobile device ? Click here to see the video
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing !
Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson on Wednesday rebutted the premise their candidacy would ensure a Democratic victory for Hillary Clinton by siphoning votes from Republican Donald Trump .
Johnson , a former two-term Republican governor of New Mexico , told CNBC 's `` Squawk Box '' he 's not thinking in terms of which candidate he 's going to help or hurt . `` The idea here is to actually win . ''
In a three-way race against Trump and Clinton , Johnson would get 8.5 percent of the vote , according to the RealClearPolitics average of national polls . Taken together , those same polls show Clinton and Trump in practically a dead heat , with 39 percent and 38 percent support , respectively .
`` The only way that a third party has a [ chance ] of winning is to be in the presidential debates , '' Johnson said .
By being considered in polls alongside Clinton and Trump , Johnson said they believe they can possibly reach the 15 percent national support threshold required by the Commission on Presidential Debates to be included .
`` If I 'm in the presidential debates and I 'm representing 25 million people , the eventual winner is going to have to do more than just pay lip service to the things I 'm saying . I 'm going to be talking about smaller government [ and ] regulations that benefit all , not a few . ''
If elected , Johnson said they would abolish the IRS , while eliminating personal income and business taxes . They would replace the current structure with a federal consumption tax .
On their website , Johnson 's tax overhaul is described as allowing `` every American and every business to determine their tax burden by making their own spending decisions . Taxes on purchases for basic necessities would be 'prebated ' [ or refunded ] , with all other purchases taxed equally regardless of income , status or purpose . ''
In 2012 , Johnson ran for president as a Republican before switching to Libertarian .
While fiscally conservative , Johnson told CNBC on Wednesday that they were forced from the Republican Party because he 's liberal on social issues , including support for the pro-choice movement on abortion , marriage equality and legalizing marijuana .
`` I always thought the Republican Party was about small government . I think Bill Weld and myself have delivered that in spades , '' Johnson said , referring to Weld , the ex-Massachusetts governor he 's chosen as their vice presidential running mate .
`` [ But ] Republicans have pushed out those who are socially liberal , '' Johnson said , adding they even share some views with self-described democratic socialist and Clinton rival Bernie Sanders .
`` There is a website isidewith.com — I 'd love everyone in the country to go onto that website and take the political quiz , and then see who they pair up with politically , '' they said . `` Outside [ of ] siding with myself , amazingly I side with Bernie Sanders . ''
“ I want our next president – whoever they or they might be – to be somebody who is interested in women in Afghanistan and who will continue US policies… that we continue to do what we 're committed to do as a country , ” they said , as they appeared on stage alongside their twin daughters Jenna and Barbara .
“ That 's who I want - or the kind of people that will do that and will pay attention to our history , and know what 's what 's happened before and know specifically how we can continue to do the good things that we do around the world . ”
• Donald Trump endorsed by Rudy Giuliani in boost ahead of New York primary
Many in the packed auditorium took their words as a coded criticism of Mr Trump , whose foreign policy plans have been condemned as isolationist and weak on detail .
Their closest rival Ted Cruz has also made clear that the US has no role in Afghanistan other than fighting terrorism .
In contrast , Mrs Clinton was among those who offered a cover endorsement for Mrs Bush 's Afghan book . “ For over a decade , Laura Bush has been an ally and advocate for the women of Afghanistan and , in particular , has worked to ensure that the voices of Afghan women are heard , ” they wrote .
The two women share a special bond as former first ladies and are of a similar age : both know the struggles of working their way up in a male-dominated world .
OTTAWA — It may seem counterintuitive in an era of government fiscal restraint , but growth in Canada 's public sector is still outpacing private hiring .
That disconnect — given the massive number of federal job losses in recent years — can be attributed mainly to ongoing increases in public payrolls at the municipal level , in particular , and mainly in Ontario .
[ np_storybar title= ” How the public sector has grown ” link= ” ” ] A Fraser Institute study suggests Canada 's public sector is growing at twice the rate of the private sector , and Ontario — with 44 % of Canada 's public sector workers — accounts for the biggest growth . Here 's how the increase in Ontario breaks down :
38 % Ontario school board growth between 2000 and 2012
30 % Health and social service employment increase
50 % Post secondary employment increase
85 % Municipal government employment increase
33 % Growth in federal government employment in Ontario
[ /np_storybar ]
The federal civil service , on the other hand , has indeed been shrinking .
Regardless , the so-called “ crowding-out ” effect from the rising public sector overall is hampering employment opportunities in Canada , according to economics professor Livio Di Matteo .
“ There are important adverse economic and fiscal implications that may result from growing public sector employment , ” they said in a study for the Fraser Institute , released Thursday .
“ This is a concern because it 's the private sector — through investment and innovation — that largely generates the wealth and taxes needed to provide the public services that we all hold dear . ”
The Fraser Institute study , which tracked employment trends from 2003 to 2013 , found Canada 's public sector grew 22.6 per cent during that time — more than double the increase in private-sector jobs , which accounted for 10.7 per cent of workers .
“ Government sector employment , as a share of total employment , peaked in 1992 and started to decline after governments responded to the fiscal crisis brought about by large deficits and debts both federally and provincially , ” said Di Matteo , who teaches at Lakehead University in Thunder Bay , Ont .
But since 2003 , all tolled , the level of government employment has increased .
“ While government spending and employment may serve as a complement to private sector activity by providing infrastructure for private sector activity , there may also be adverse affects , ” Di Matteo said .
“ The balance between public and private sector employment is of policy importance , given the importance of private sector wealth generation as the foundation for resources that are used for public sector service provision and subsequent employment generation , ” they added .
“ An important dimension of this relationship is that public sector employment growth may also crowd out private sector employment , leaving unemployment rates either unchanged or possibly higher . ”
In their study , Di Matteo argues the use of government employees to operate railways or public utilities , for example , displaces equally qualified workers in the private sector —reducing the labour force outside the public sector .
At the same time , as government spending and hiring increase , that can affect prices in markets such as wages or interest rates .
Outside of their current study , Di Matteo has been breaking down the public-private elements of the economy .
“ There is still growth . It 's not in the traditional areas you would expect in terms of federal and provincial civil services . Those are actually shrinking . Municipal government , though , has been growing quite a bit , ” Di Matteo said in an interview .
“ When you look at the federal numbers , though , they began to decline in 2012 . . . and they 're going down from that , ” they pointed out .
By that year , the number of federal civil servants had already fallen to 415,000 from 427,000 . In fact , they estimate the federal share of public-sector employment in Canada is around 11 to 12 per cent .
“ The larger shares of public-sector employment actually are in municipal government , post-secondary school boards and the health-care sector , ” they added . “ It 's particular pronounced in Ontario . ”
The province has about 44 per cent of Canada 's public-sector workers — about 38 to 40 per cent of Ontario 's population — “ so a lot of that increase is driven by Ontario . ”
“ School board employment in Ontario grew 38 per cent between 2000 and 2012 . Health and social service employment ( grew ) 30 per cent , post-secondary 50 per cent and municipal government 86 per cent . Federal government employment in Ontario grew 33 per cent over that period also . ”
Meanwhile , considering the scope of the Fraser Institute study extends only to 2013 , it does not capture the impact of recent downsizing in the federal public sector , which has already lost almost 26,000 jobs .
Another 8,900 positions could be eliminated by 2017 .
gisfeld @ nationalpost.com
Twitter : isfeld
4
Maratonul arctic 6633 Ultra a început anul acesta pe 11 martie în Canada , dincolo de Cercul Polar și i-a provocat pe participanți să străbată cei 566 de kilometri în doar 150 de ore de la start .
Cu toate că s-a rănit la picior cu doar puțin timp înainte de încheierea maratonului , Tiberiu a reușit să termine cursa cu un avans de o oră față de concurentul care a ieșit pe locul doi , Toh Poh Joo , din Singapore . Pentru a obține acest avans , Tiberiu Ușeriu a alergat ultimii 15 kilometri .
Tiberiu Ușeriu a urmat un antrenament dur înainte de maratonul arctic . El și-a petrecut iarna anului trecut în Pasul Tihuța din Munții Bârgău , unde a alergat la bustul gol , a dormit în ger sub cerul liber și a făcut baie la copcă pentru a rezista temperaturilor de la Polul Nord
Alți doi români au terminat Maratonul arctic 6633 Ultra : Vlad Tănase și Andrei Roșu . Ambii au au terminat cursa pe locul trei .
La maraton s-au înscris în total 12 concurenți din SUA , Marea Britanie , Scoția , Franța , România , Australia , Zimbabwe și Singapore .
Tiberiu Ușeriu este originar din Bistrița , iar pasiunea lui pentru alergat a început în 2012 . În scurt timp , însă , pasiunea a devenit un stil de viață . Până să ajungă la maratonul 6633 Ultra , de la Polul Nord , Tiberiu a mai participat la încă opt competiții locale derulate pe distanțe mai scurte .
În 2015 , Tiberiu a alergat 172 de kilometri , din Pasul Tihuța până în Cluj , fără oprire , iar de acolo încă 43 de kilometric în cadrul Maratonului din Cluj .
La final , el a „ vândut ” kilometri parcurși și a donat banii unei asociații care are în grijă 52 de copii cu insuficiență renală .
Tiberiu Ușeriu susține cauza Tășuleasa Social , pentru stoparea tăierii pădurilor României .
Maratonul 6633 Ultra presupune alergarea a 566 de km la Cercul Polar în condiții meteo dificile . Temperaturile scad până la -50 de grade Celsius , iar vântul bate până la 200 de km/h . Din 2007 , când a avut loc prima cursă , doar 20 din aproximativ 200 de participanți au reușit să termine cursa .
Etichete :
,
,
,
,
An external review is underway after Chelsea Brunton went missing from Palmerston North Hospital and was later found dead .
The death of a 21-year-old who went missing from Palmerston North Hospital 's mental health ward is under review .
Chelsea Brunton was found dead in a suspected suicide on May 10 at a residential property in Palmerston North , four days after they went missing from the hospital 's ward 21 .
Brunton had to leave the hospital grounds to have a cigarette . It was from one such unsupervised trip that they never returned .
Health minister Dr Jonathan Coleman said an external review , initiated by MidCentral District Health Board , was under way in relation to Brunton 's death .
READ MORE :
* Secure smoking area needed for mental health patients , Chelsea Brunton 's mum says
* Woman who went missing from mental health ward found dead
* Still hard for family one year after Erica Hume 's death in Palmerston North Hospital
* Parents 'disturbed ' as suicide attempts continue at hospital after daughter 's death
The matter had also been referred to the coroner .
Ministry of Health director of mental health Dr John Crawshaw would be kept informed and would follow up any outcomes , Coleman said .
Crawshaw said all DHBs provided mental health services and all had non-smoking policies .
However , they did have a provision to allow patients to smoke in certain areas , including outdoor spaces .
`` The ministry has supported DHBs to be smokefree , but recognises they also have a commitment to ensure the safety of individuals under their care .
`` Decisions about how DHBs operate , including policies around being smokefree , are operational issues for individual DHBs . ''
Shaun Robinson , chief executive of the Mental Health Foundation , said it supported measures to reduce the prevalence of smoking and believed mental health services should work to make all facilities smokefree .
`` Clients of the mental health system frequently increase the rates at which they smoke , or take up smoking , which can exacerbate conditions and interfere with the effects of medication .
`` Research shows maintaining smokefree mental health facilities generally improves management outcomes , with fewer violent incidents , incidences of self harm and suicide related acts , and discharges against medical advice . ''
WHERE TO GET HELP
Lifeline ( open 24/7 ) - 0800 543 354
Depression Helpline ( open 24/7 ) - 0800 111 757
Healthline ( open 24/7 ) - 0800 611 116
Samaritans ( open 24/7 ) - 0800 726 666
Suicide Crisis Helpline ( open 24/7 ) - 0508 828 865 ( 0508 TAUTOKO ) . This is a service for people who may be thinking about suicide , or those who are concerned about family or friends .
Youthline ( open 24/7 ) - 0800 376 633 . You can also text 234 for free between 8am and midnight , or email talk @ youthline.co.nz .
0800 WHATSUP children 's helpline - 0800 9428 787 , Open between 1pm and 10pm on weekdays and from 3pm to 10pm on weekends . Online chat is available from 7pm to 10pm every day at www.whatsup.co.nz .
Kidsline ( open 24/7 ) - 0800 543 754 . This service is for children aged 5 to 18 . Those who ring between 4pm and 9pm on weekdays will speak to a Kidsline buddy , who are specially trained teenage telephone counsellors .
Your local Rural Support Trust - 0800 787 254 ( 0800 RURAL HELP )
Alcohol Drug Helpline ( open 24/7 ) - 0800 787 797 . You can also text 8691 for free .
For more information , contact the Mental Health Foundation 's free Resource and Information Service on 09 623 4812 .
Starting with that quirky one-shot Raidraptor in Shay 's ( or Shun 's ) Duel vs. Yuya .
Check back for more updates to this article
Raidraptor – Rudder Strix
DARK/Winged-Beast/Effect
Level 4
0 ATK / 1600 DEF
( 1 ) If this card is Special Summoned from the hand by a “ Raidraptor ” card 's effect , or Normal Summoned : You can inflict 600 damage to your opponent .
( 2 ) When this card is targeted for an attack by an opponent 's monster : You can Special Summon up to 2 “ Raidraptor ” monsters from your hand , and if you do , your opponent can not target the monsters Special Summoned by this effect for an attack during this turn .
Destiny HERO – Duskutopiaguy
DARK/Warrior/Fusion/Effect
Level 10
3000 ATK / 3000 DEF
1 “ Destiny HERO ” Fusion Monster + 1 “ Destiny HERO ” monster
( 1 ) If this card is Fusion Summoned : You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck , using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials .
( 2 ) Once per turn , during either player 's turn : You can target 1 monster on the field ; this turn , that monster can not be destroyed by battle or card effects , also neither player takes any battle damage from battles involving that monster .
Tasogare no Ninja – Kagen / Twilight Ninja Kagen
DARK/Warrior/Pendulum/Effect
Level 1
Pendulum Scale 10
0 ATK / 2000 DEF
Pendulum Effect :
( 1 ) You can not Pendulum Summon monsters , except “ Ninja ” monsters . This effect can not be negated .
( 2 ) Once per turn , when a “ Ninja ” monster you control declares an attack : You can have that monster gain 1000 ATK until the end of the Damage Step .
Monster Effect :
( 1 ) You can Tribute this card , then target 1 “ Ninja ” monster you control ; it gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn .
Makai Gekidan – Curtain Riser / Abyss Actor – Curtain Raiser
DARK/Fiend/Pendulum/Effect
Level 4
Pendulum Scale 7
1100 ATK / 1000 DEF
Pendulum Effect :
This card name 's ( 1 ) Pendulum Effect can only be used once per Duel .
( 1 ) While you control no monsters : You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone .
Monster Effect :
( 1 ) While you control no other monsters , this card gains 1100 ATK .
( 2 ) Once per turn : You can send 1 “ Abyss Script ” Spell Card from your Deck to the Graveyard ; add 1 face-up “ Abyss Actor ” Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to the hand .
Gladialbeast Andabatae / Gladiator Beast Andabatae
DARK/Beast-Warrior/Fusion/Effect
Level 8
1000 ATK / 2800 DEF
“ Gladiator Beast Augustus ” + 2 “ Gladiator Beast ” monsters
Must first be Special Summoned ( from your Extra Deck ) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck . ( You do not use “ Polymerization ” . )
( 1 ) If this card is Special Summoned this way : You can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower “ Gladiator Beast ” Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck , ignoring its Summoning conditions .
( 2 ) At the end of the Battle Phase , if this card attacked or was attacked : You can return it to the Extra Deck ; Special Summon 2 “ Gladiator Beast ” monsters from your Deck .
Gladialbeast Tamer Editor / Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor
DARK/Beast-Warrior/Fusion/Effect
Level 8
2400 ATK / 3000 DEF
2 Level 5 or higher “ Gladiator Beast ” monsters
Must first be Special Summoned ( from your Extra Deck ) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck . ( You do not use “ Polymerization ) . This card can not be used as a Fusion Material .
( 1 ) Once per turn : You can Special Summon 1 “ Gladiator Beast ” Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck , ignoring its Summoning conditions , except “ Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor ” .
( 2 ) At the end of the Battle Phase , if a “ Gladiator Beast ” monster ( s ) you control attacked or was attacked : You can shuffle 1 of those monsters into the Deck or Extra Deck ; Special Summon 1 “ Gladiator Beast ” monster from your Deck .
Choujuu Musha Kobu-C / Superheavy Samurai Fist
EARTH/Machine/Tuner/Effect
Level 2
900 ATK / 900 DEF
You can only use each of this card name 's effects once per turn .
( 1 ) During your Battle Phase , if a “ Superheavy Samurai ” monster you controlled destroyed an opponent 's monster by battle , you can : Immediately after this effect resolves , Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using monsters you control , including this card , as Synchro Materials .
( 2 ) If there are no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard : You can target 1 “ Superheavy Samurai ” Synchro Monster you control ; you can not Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn , except “ Superheavy Samurai ” monsters , also , that targeted monster loses 1 Level , and if it does , Special Summon this card from your Graveyard .
Choujuu Musha Otasu-K / Superheavy Samurai Helper
EARTH/Machine/Effect
Level 1
0 ATK / 0 DEF
( 1 ) If there are no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard , during damage calculation , when a Defense Position monster you control battles an opponent 's monster : You can discard this card , then target 1 “ Superheavy Samurai ” monster you control , except the battling monster ; that battling monster you control gains DEF equal to the DEF of the target , during that damage calcuation only .
( 2 ) When an opponent 's monster declares a direct attack : You can banish this card from your Graveyard , then target 1 “ Superheavy Samurai ” monster in your Graveyard ; Special Summon it .
Entermate Odd-Eyes Minotaurus / Performapal Odd-Eyes Minotaur
DARK/Beast-Warrior/Pendulum/Effect
Level 4
Pendulum Scale 6
1200 ATK / 1600 DEF
Pendulum Effect :
( 1 ) If a “ Performapal ” or “ Odd-Eyes ” monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster , inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent .
Monster Effect :
( 1 ) During damage calculation , when a Pendulum Monster you control attacks an opponent 's monster : You can have that opponent 's monster lose 100 ATK for each “ Performapal ” card and “ Odd-Eyes ” card you control , during that damage calculation only .
Entermate Odd-Eyes Dissolver / Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver
DARK/Spellcaster/Pendulum/Effect
Level 8
Pendulum Scale 4
2000 ATK / 2600 DEF
Pendulum Effect :
( 1 ) Once per turn : You can Fusion Summon 1 Dragon-Type Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck , using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials .
Monster Effect :
You can only use this card name 's ( 1 ) monster effect once per turn .
( 1 ) At the start of the Damage Step , if a Pendulum Monster you control battles an opponent 's monster : You can Special Summon this card from your hand , and if you do , that monster you control can not be destroyed by that battle .
( 2 ) During your Main Phase : You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck , using cards in your Pendulum Zones and monsters you control as Fusion Materials , including this card .
Entermate Odd-Eyes Synchron / Performapal Odd-Eyes Synchron
DARK/Spellcaster/Pendulum/Tuner/Effect
Level 2
Pendulum Scale 6
200 ATK / 600 DEF
Pendulum Effect :
( 1 ) Once per turn : You can target 1 “ Performapal ” or “ Odd-Eyes ” monster you control ; this turn , that face-up monster is treated as a Tuner , also it becomes Level 1 .
Monster Effect :
If this card Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is used as a Synchro Material , banish it .
( 1 ) When this card is Normal Summoned : You can target 1 Level 3 or lower “ Performapal ” or “ Odd-Eyes ” monster in your Graveyard ; Special Summon it , also it has its effects negated ( if any ) .
( 2 ) Once per turn : You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone ; Special Summon it with its effects negated ( if any ) , and if you do , immediately after this effect resolves , Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using only that monster and this card .
“ Armityle the Chaos Phantom ” is also confirmed as a reprint as CP17-JP035 .
Snoop Dogg says they were happy to rap with astronaut Buzz Aldrin , who `` pushes kids to achieve their dreams '' with their ShareSpace Foundation . Their rap video , and an autobiography of Aldrin , arrives today .
Enlarge NASA via AFP Picture it , July 20 , 1969 : A photo of Buzz Aldrin on the surface of the Moon as taken by fellow astronaut and the first man on the noon , Neil Armstrong . Apologies to American Idol 's Randy Jackson , but yo , dawg , check it ! MC Buzz is out of this world and in the house . And , admittedly , just a little bit pitchy . Astronaut Buzz Aldrin , 79 , who has had their share of rendezvous with pop culture , launches three projects today , including a rap video that features Snoop Dogg , Soulja Boy and Quincy Jones . What can the real Buzz Lightyear be thinking ? THE FIRST MOONWALK : Share your memories FUNNY OR DIE : See the 'Rocket Experience ' spoof `` I 'm not too good at carrying a tune , but I do have rhythm , '' says Aldrin , who got the idea from a family member who felt the genre would have a broad reach . Aldrin 's ShareSpace Foundation , which promotes science and exploration , is one of three beneficiaries of the song 's iTunes sales . `` I want kids interested in space . It 's their future . '' Aldrin 's triple threat , which lands today , includes the single Rocket Experience and an autobiography ( with Ken Abraham ) , Magnificent Desolation : The Long Journey Home From the Moon ( Harmony , $ 27 ) . The track takes listeners back to the first lunar landing 40 years ago in July . The book plumbs Aldrin 's alcoholism battles after following in Neil Armstrong 's big bootsteps . But the biggest splash may come from a video now playing on FunnyOrDie .com , Will Ferrell 's comedy website . With a nod to Spinal Tap , this `` making of Rocket Experience '' spoof features Jones , a longtime friend , riffing about Aldrin 's `` great groove . '' `` Buzz has got the biggest buzz on the streets right now , '' Snoop Dogg says . `` He 's got Talib Kweli and ( me ) in the studio with him , and I only work with the best . '' On a more serious note , the rapper says they signed on `` because ( Aldrin ) pushes kids to achieve their dreams . '' Kweli says they and Snoop `` both have kids , and to tell them we hung with Buzz gets your inner geek fired up . '' Rounding up talent to make the video was easy given Aldrin 's fame , says FunnyOrDie producer Mike Farah . But persuading the astronaut — whose flag-in-hand image inspired MTV 's `` moon man '' video music award — to play it funny was another matter . `` He was n't into doing a comedy video at first , '' Farah says . `` But when we heard they were rapping , that was it . '' As for Aldrin , they say rapping with Snoop Dogg proved almost as daunting as space . `` Snoop had this great hand language going as they sang , which was hard for me , '' Aldrin says . `` But when it comes to getting people 's attention , comedy goes a long way . '' Guidelines : You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . Read more
The younger siblings of Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong have said on Thursday that they will stop presenting evidence on social media , and looked forward to settling a weeks-long dispute with PM Lee in private .
THE younger siblings of Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong have said on Thursday that they will stop presenting evidence on social media , and looked forward to settling a weeks-long dispute with PM Lee in private .
They are effectively willing to settle in private with their older brother what had played out in full public view over the past few weeks , which raised serious questions about Singapore 's future .
`` We are not politicians , and do not wish to see Singapore embroiled in a never-ending public argument . For now , we will cease presenting further evidence on social media , provided that we and our father 's wish are not attacked or misrepresented , '' sister Lee Wei Ling and their brother Lee Hsien Yang said in a Facebook post issued on Thursday morning at about 8.40 am .
This seven-page joint statement comes two days after PM Lee addressed Parliament on allegations by their siblings of an abuse of power over the process of deciding if the Lee family home should be demolished .
sentifi.com Market voices on :
PM Lee then issued the ministerial statements on Wednesday that waived their parliamentary privileges . They said that `` suing my own brother and sister in court would further besmirch our parents ' names '' , but otherwise had a strong legal case .
The dispute first burst into public eye on June 14 when the two siblings posted on Facebook challenging PM Lee on their intentions over the 38 Oxley Road property .
On Thursday , the two siblings recounted the issues that they had raised throughout , stressing that after they first posted on Facebook on June 14 , they had offered a `` ceasefire '' , but were rebuffed .
`` We therefore welcome Hsien Loong 's stated desire on July 4 , 2017 to manage their disagreement with us in private . We look forward to talking without the involvement of lawyers or government agencies , '' they said .
`` Ultimately , it is up to the government , and the people of Singapore , to decide whether and how to hold Lee Hsien Loong to account , '' they added .
The full joint statement by Dr Lee Wei Ling and Mr Lee Hsien Yang is presented below :
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Sep. 14 , 2014 , 2:51 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 14 , 2014 , 3:21 PM GMT
Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont got right to the point with Chuck Todd on `` Meet the Press '' Sunday , saying they are `` thinking '' about running for president .
But Sanders was realistic on the viability of an Independent candidacy . `` The truth is , profound anger at both political parties , more and more people are becoming independent , the negative is , how do you set up a fifty-state infrastructure as an independent ? '' they asked .
Sanders is in Iowa this weekend to test the waters . Lots of potential presidential candidates have descended on the Hawkeye State , including former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Sanders said they had a lot of respect for Clinton , but was a little tougher President Obama : `` I have a lot of disagreements with him . But the bottom line is : I think they have not tapped the anger and the frustration that the American people feel on many , many issues . ''
IN-DEPTH
— Shawna Thomas
A Canadian comic book artist , whose work has been published by Archie Comics , IDW Publishing and Marvel , was denied accessed to the United States to attend this weekend 's C2E2 comic convention in Chicago , with authorities citing concern over the possibility of them earning money while in the U.S .
Gisele Lagace , who has worked on Archie Meets the Ramones and Betty Boop and created covers for Josie and the Pussycats , Jem and the Holograms and The Unbelievable Gwenpool , shared their experience on Facebook Thursday afternoon .
`` Welp , no C2E2 for me . Was refused entry at the border , '' wrote Lagace . Authorities , they continued , `` kept pressing about the comics I had and the sketches , and well , I had to be honest and said that I did get paid for commissions but before hand , but since they were n't complete , it was considered work in the U.S. Comics wise , I had maybe $ 700 in value if I had sold everything . Honestly , it 's not a lot . ''
The post continued to explain that not only was their car searched , but they were also body searched and fingerprinted . `` It was an awful experience , '' wrote Lagace . `` Now that I 've been refused entry in the U.S. for this , it 's on file . Do n't expect to see me at a U.S. con until I can figure out a way to get in and [ be ] absolutely certain this wo n't happen [ again ] . ''
Fans and fellow comic book professionals have responded with sympathy and support for Lagace 's situation . One such creator , Australian writer Tom Taylor ( Marvel 's All-New Wolverine , DC 's Injustice 2 , Netflix 's The Deep ) , commented on Twitter , `` I know a lot of people who have been canceling their travel to the U.S. '' ; the writer themselves pulled out of all U.S. convention appearances earlier this year because the country `` does n't feel like a safe or welcoming travel destination at this moment . ''
Following Lagace 's story , Marvel writer Charles Soule , who also works as an immigration attorney , posted the following advice on Twitter to other international creators intending to enter the U.S. for work-related reasons :
Foreign comics creators coming to the US for shows : consult an immigration attorney . Do n't rely on the Internet , or even other pros . — Charles Soule ( @ CharlesSoule ) April 21 , 2017
Everyone is well-intentioned , but the immigration landscape is changing daily . Things that were cool last year get you turned around now . — Charles Soule ( @ CharlesSoule ) April 21 , 2017
It was a Jekyll and Hyde weekend for Liverpool fans as the Reds rounded off their pre-season in bizarre fashion . An emphatic 4-0 victory at Wembley against Barcelona was followed up with a 4-0 loss against Mainz in Germany . Defeat against Klopp 's old club pissed on our bonfire . Yes it 's only pre-season and results are n't to be all but it 's difficult to rave about the performance against Barcelona without at least acknowledging the 4-0 humbling .
There has been a lot of talk about the positives taken from the Barcelona victory and rightly so . However , some impressive performances went under the radar . One such performance was the one that Kevin Stewart put in after coming on at half-time . A lot has been made of their Xabi Alonso-esque pass to put Roberto Firmino through just after Divock Origi had put Liverpool 3-0 up but aside from that their stellar performance was seemingly lost among the many other impressive efforts from players .
Since appearing in the first team Stewart has built up quite the cult hero following . ‘ Big Kev Stew ' has grasped the opportunity with both hands and he 's reluctant to give it up without a fight . While Jurgen Klopp has to be credited with developing Stewart 's game it 's the player themselves who has really taken it upon themselves to become the player that Liverpool lacked in the squad ; an all action defensive midfielder . He 's capable of winning the ball back and covering for the full-backs as and when they attack . They keep their passes simple and if there was one criticism of them it would 've been he 's limited on the ball . It 's clear he 's been working on that aspect in pre-season and the results are impressive .
Kevin Stewart vs Barcelona
In the series of screenshots above we see Liverpool start off with a 4141 sort of shape as Barcelona look to build from the back . As the ball is played into Sergio Busquets ' feet Stewart advances from their position as the 1 shielding the defence to press the Barcelona metronome . It 's not often you see a defensive midfielder ahead of the other midfielders as they hunt the ball down but it was a clear tactic . They are n't there to just shield the defence and win the ball back in their own half , they were there to prevent Busquets from knitting play together . Something else to note from this is just how quickly Stewart releases the ball after winning it . He 's looking to get Divock Origi away as soon as possible .
In the above screenshot you 'll see Stewart again breaking from deep to press Sergio Busquets . It was clear from the off that Klopp had told them to almost act as the spare man and instead of having Origi press Busqeuets ( similarly to how they pressed Julian Weigl against Dortmund ) they were tasking Stewart with doing so and keeping Origi in an advanced position .
In the two snapshots above you see Kevin Stewart 's proactive positioning . In the first screenshot he 's positioned themselves so he 's able to cut out the pass to Messi between the lines , intercept the pass to Suarez to their left if Wijnaldum does n't get over quick enough and also press the man ahead of them if the ball is played there .
They take a step forward and almost teases the man on the ball into trying to play the pass to Messi , Stewart readjusts and intercepts before playing a first time pass through to Origi who would 've been up against the last man had the pass been a little better . This snippet of play shows not only is they clever he 's also aggressive in their play , and Klopp will love them for it .
Two stills from two separate instances . The black line shows the easy pass and the red line shows the pass Stewart made . Fans criticise just how safe and crab like our midfield is at times . Their reluctance to play risky passes really hinders just how quickly Liverpool can break when in possession .
In the first picture Stewart could play a five yard pass to their captain . Instead they play a clever ball into Sadio Mane whose movement had dragged the Barcelona defence out of position . It looks like a simple pass but it was incisive and it was positive . The second picture shows the Xabi Alonso-like pass they made . They could 've played it between the two Barcelona players and into Origi 's feet , instead they execute a pass which puts Firmino in on goal and it 's by no means an easy pass to make . They showed their ability in the Barcelona match .
They are n't a guaranteed starter by any stretch of the imagination but could their development save Liverpool £15/20 Million in an inflated transfer market ? They have the discipline , they have the tactical brain to carry out specific instructions , they play as part of a press and he 's positive on the ball . As a player to come in and see out games the club could do a lot worse right now .
Over the past few months , the continued promotion for Spider-Man : Homecoming has managed to make Tom Holland a superstar and a well-known celebrity worldwide . However , perks aside , it seems to have also made it difficult for the actor to interact with their fans .
Recently , Holland shared a small clip on Instagram to explain fans waiting for them outside their hotel . The actor revealed that they were instructed not to exit the hotel premises which could be due to the enormous crowd .
Fortunately , Holland found a creative way to give out their autographs to fans standing outside the hotel . The actor signed several pages from a Spider-Man comic book and tore them to crumble the pages and throw it out from the balcony to the fans standing outside the hotel . Going by the video , the crowd seemed quite excited to get their hands on their autograph . Readers can check it out in the video below .
“ It 's sad that we can not see them ( in-person ) , ” said Holland as they watched fans jump to grab their autograph . The kind gesture by the actor would truly make quite an impression on the fans . Earlier , Holland also visited Children 's Hospital Los Angeles as Spider-Man to surprise the young kids .
Holland fans throughout the world can watch them in action in the upcoming Spider-Man : Homecoming . The film hits theaters on July 7th . Later , the friendly neighborhood superhero would also appear in Avengers : Infinity War , hitting screens on May 4th , 2018 .
For more Holland news , fans can check out their recent interview with Cineplex Magazine . The actor is also on the cover hiding their secret identity . Readers can check it out below .
15 days guys . Thanks @ harryholland64 for the edit ? ? A post shared by ✌️ ( @ tomholland2013 ) on Jun 22 , 2017 at 9:33am PDT
tom holland on the cineplex magazine cover + their interview ! ! pic.twitter.com/Jbmm9AC96e — kadija ( @ strksisters ) June 22 , 2017
What do you think of the clip ? Let me know in the comments below . For more updates on Spider-Man : Homecoming and other MCU stories , follow Pursue News on Facebook and Twitter . Readers can also follow me on my social media accounts for the latest scoops .
SOURCE : Tom Holland
Government “ identity assurance ” programme Verify contains `` severe privacy and security problems '' including a major architecture flaw that could lead to `` mass surveillance '' – according to an academic paper .
Verify was created by the Government Digital Service ( GDS ) to underpin the online identification of users performing transactions with the government , such as tax self assessment . User uptake of the service so far remains extremely slow .
The original design of the system was intended to provide users with a “ federated ” method of identifying themselves – i.e . picking a commercial identity provider , such as Experian , to act as a third-party verification agent .
That approach was a deliberate attempt to move away from the big national database projects associated with the Labour governemnt , and the widely hated idea of a national identity card scheme .
However , according to George Danezis , one of the academics who contributed to the University College London paper : Toward Mending Two Nation-Scale Brokered Identification Systems ( PDF ) , those considerations have been `` largely nullified . ''
According to Danezis , the problem lies with the central GDS-built hub , which communicates between the government departments , identity providers and citizens before giving the greenlight to the user .
They said : `` The hub sits in the middle , despite different parts of the system being encrypted . The hub can decrypt all the information . ''
The research paper stated : “ If compromised , the hub can even actively impersonate users to gain access to their accounts ( and the associated private data ) at service providers . This represents a serious danger to citizen privacy and , more generally , to civil liberties . ”
“ The described vulnerabilities are exploitable and could lead to undetected mass surveillance , completely at odds with the views of the research community whose scientific advances enable feasible solutions that are more private and secure , ” it added .
Danezis questioned the reason behind why the system was designed with a single point of failure , but said no explanation has been provided .
They said : `` In 2015 , it is very strange that this is considered acceptable . If this system had been peer reviewed it would not have been passed even 15 years ago . Perhaps GDS did not have the expertise , or appreciate the need for expertise to deal with this . ''
Interestingly , the American version of an identity system , the Federal Cloud Credential Exchange , shares similar design flaws , according to the paper . But Danezis said there is no evidence the systems have been deliberately designed in this way by intelligence agencies .
They said CESG , the UK.gov/security services-backed Communications Electronics Security Group , was involved in the process , but said that is to be expected for an identity assurance system .
It was a missed opportunity to not take something that already existed and modify it , said Danezis . `` This is a field where a number of solutions already exist , '' they said , adding : `` Maybe it was a case of 'not done here ' syndrome . ''
`` I spoke to GDS about this , '' they said , `` and on a personal level they were extremely receptive and open . They even invited me to sit on the advisory board . However , institutionally not has much changed . I was not given any further document access and they did not confirm or deny anything ! ''
In a blog on the paper published today , GDS , the Government Digital Service , said it welcomes the paper and is working with Danezis : `` GOV.UK Verify offers people a convenient , secure way to prove their identity when accessing digital government services . It does not have any other connection with or ability to monitor people or their data . ''
`` I 'm not sure if there is a roadmap to address the concerns , or whether they are seen as valid , '' Danezis concluded . ®
One crime was committed by a person motivated by no cause or political interest and driven only by personal demons . Another crime was committed by two people whose actions were clearly driven by their religious and political beliefs . Under these circumstances , which of these terrible tragedies do you think would be considered an incident that could only be properly understood as something that ought to spur the nation to specific political actions ?
If you answered the latter , you clearly know nothing about our political culture .
The former is , of course , the Newtown massacre in which a crazed , lone gunman murdered 20 1st-graders and six teachers at a Connecticut elementary school . The latter is the Boston Marathon bombing that took the lives of three spectators and wounded nearly 200 , to which the toll of one police officer murdered and another wounded during the manhunt for the terrorists must be added . Though the first was a random act of personal madness and the second was just the latest in a long string of terrorist acts motivated by Islamist hatred for the West and America , there has never been any doubt about which of the two our chattering classes would consider as having undeniable political consequences and which would be treated as an unknowable crime about which intelligent persons ought not to think too deeply .
We can debate the rights and wrongs of restrictions on gun ownership or calls for more background checks . But the desire to use public grief about Newtown to push for passage of these measures was not rooted in any direct connection between the crime and legislation . Yet almost immediately Newtown was treated as an event with obvious political consequences . Indeed , the desire by gun rights advocates to speak of the issue outside of the context of Newtown was treated as both inherently illegitimate and morally obtuse .
But the reaction to Boston has been very different . Once it became apparent that the perpetrators were “ white Americans ” —in the memorable phrase employed by Salon.com—but could not be connected to the Tea Party , Rush Limbaugh or any other conservative faction or cause , most liberals have taken it as their duty to squelch any effort to draw the sort of conclusions to which they had almost universally rushed when blood was shed in Newtown . Many in our chattering classes who thought it was patently obvious that the actions of a lunatic should be blamed on the weapons they employed in Connecticut seem deathly afraid of what will happen if we discuss the actual motives of the Boston terrorists .
Why ?
Because while they consider anything fair game if it can help restrict gun ownership , they are just as eager to avoid any conclusion that might cause Americans to link terrorists with the religious ideology that led them to kill . For them the fear that this will lead to a general wave of prejudice against all Muslims justifies treating a crime that can only be properly understood in the context of the general struggle against radical Islam as if it were as motiveless as Newtown .
In the last week we have been offered all sorts of explanation for the behavior of the Tsarnaev brothers except the obvious answer . Talking heads on MSNBC and elsewhere have condemned any effort to focus on political Islam in spite of the growing body of evidence that points to their faith as being the cause of their decision to commit mayhem . Even a normally sober commentator such as the New York Times 's Frank Bruni sought to downplay the religious angle , preferring to diffuse our outrage as well as our comprehension of the event and the many other attacks carried out by adherents of radical Islam :
Terrorism is n't a scourge we Americans alone endure , and it 's seldom about any one thing , or any two things . Our insistence on patterns and commonalities and some kind of understanding assumes coherence to the massacres , rationality . But the difference between the aimless , alienated young men who do not plant bombs or open fire on unsuspecting crowds — which is the vast majority of them — and those who do is less likely to be some discrete radicalization process that we can diagram and eradicate than a dose , sometimes a heavy one , of pure madness . And there 's no easy antidote to that . No amulet against it .
Bruni is right that there 's no magic bullet or counter-terrorist tactic that will ensure terrorists wo n't succeed . He 's also right to shoot down , as they rightly do , those on the far left who have sought to “ connect the dots ” between American foreign policy ( Iraq , Afghanistan and support for Israel ) and treat them as justified blowback in which Americans are reaping what they have sown . But while such reactions are despicable , they are largely confined to the fever swamps of our national life .
Far more destructive is this mystifying impulse to look away from the war Islamists have been waging on the West for a generation . While the “ radicalization process ” to which they refer is not uniform , there is a clear pattern here . The roots of the atrocity in Boston are in the beliefs of radical imams who have helped guide young Muslims to violence around the globe .
To point this out is not an indictment of all Muslims , the majority of whom in this country are loyal , hardworking and peaceful citizens . But the myths about a post-9/11 backlash against Muslims that the media has helped foster—and which continue to be unconnected to any actual evidence of a wave of a prejudice or violence—has led to a situation where some think it better to ignore the evidence about the Tsarnaevs or to focus on peripheral details—such as Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's failed boxing career—than to address the real problem . The fear of Islamophobia is so great that it has spawned a different kind of backlash in which any mention of Islam in this context is wrongly treated as an indication of prejudice .
The contrast between the political exploitation of Newtown and the way in which the same media outlets have gone out of their way to avoid drawing the obvious conclusions about Boston could not be greater . In one case , the media helped orchestrate a national discussion in which hyper-emotional rhetoric about the fallen drove a political agenda . In the other , they are seeking to ensure that no conclusions—even those that are self-evident—be drawn under any circumstances .
Gun control advocates claim that new laws—even those seemingly unconnected to the circumstances of Newtown—are worth it if it will save even one life . That 's debatable , but the same venues that have promoted that view seem averse to any discussion of political Islam , even though it is obvious that more intelligence efforts aimed at routing out radical Islamists and scrutiny of venues and websites where they gather might save even more lives . In the universe of the liberal media , promoting fear of future Newtowns is legitimate and even necessary , but thinking about how to stop future terror attacks apparently is not if it leads us to think about the Islamist threat .
Another Sunday has come and gone , and the results in the win/loss column have yet to change . The ups and down of the Browns offense is 2017 is centered on a lack of play-makers at the skill position to break off the big gains . It 's no secret the Browns are short on talent at the wide receiver position ; as a position group combined they have 1,070 total receiving yards . Mix that with the struggles of Isaiah Crowell and you have the play-making problem in which the Browns are currently entrenched .
The problem here is the fact that the Browns do have a lethal play-maker . A guy who would instantly make the team they reside on much better . A guy who leads the team with 46 receptions as a running back , 20 more than the next name on the roster . Duke Johnson is clearly the Browns the best all-around offensive talent , and the gross negligence they displayed on Sunday was downright painful . WFNY 's Joe Gilbert pointed it out early in the season and it remains true today .
The Browns use three principle schemes to get their run game going : inside zone , outside zone , and power . All three are built to be simple for the lineman and get the backs making one cut and and getting downhill . Here 's a breakdown of how Jacksonville fares against each and a look at what the Browns tried to do courtesy of Pro Football Focus ' John Kosko .
Through 10 weeks , the # Jaguars defense allowed :
6.2 ypc vs outside zone
4.3 ypc vs power
3.9 ypc vs inside zone
2.8 ypc vs man # Browns run concepts vs JAX
8 inside zones
5 outside zones
1 power
1 man — John Kosko ( @ PFF_JohnKosko ) November 20 , 2017
Hue Jackson went to the outside zone five times – the scheme Jacksonville struggles covering most . They only let Duke run the scheme twice for ten yards and the Browns totaled just 50 rushing yards on the day in general . Which bring us to the point at hand . Duke Johnson touched the ball a mere six times in total and the Browns limped to seven total points–six of which Duke was responsible for–and 184 total yards . Something is off here . Just take a look at all six plays and the positive results each gave the Browns .
Touch No . 1
Early in the game after a Browns interception they came back out and tried Duke on an outside zone scheme and it nets them seven yards . One of their best rushing plays of the day .
Touch No . 2
Browns best concept of the day going five vertical route concepts in the borderline Red Zone to put pressure on the single high safety . Duke worked up the numbers and made a great catch and finish into the end zone for a 27 yard touchdown reception .
Touch No . 3
A meaningless check down here on third and 17 that only nets a few yards . This one never had much of a chance .
Touch No . 4
Third and two late in the fourth quarter and Duke turns this loop outside zone into a first down after a dynamic spin move and finish . This easily could have been a loss of yards and punt .
Touch No . 5
Late in the fourth quarter Duke catches an angle route for seven yards on third and five to keep the Browns late drive moving . They are borderline unguardable if they find their way into a one on one with a linebacker .
Touch No . 6
Duke 's final touch came on a flat route that they broke down the sideline in the Browns final drive . They turned this short route into 21 yards with a deadly stop and start move .
That is it . The Browns targeted Johnson two other times that did n't lead to touches , but neither would have resulted in much of a gain after poor DeShone Kizer throws . Those plays above are the only touches Duke Johnson was able to muster for the Browns offense in a game where the struggled so mightily . Johnson played on 27 total snaps and was able to account for 66 of the Browns 184 total yards and their only touchdown . It fails to make logical sense . The Browns recognize that Duke has a sore shoulder , but they continue to claim they are at or near 100 percent .
WFNY 's Jacob Rosen noted today that Duke Johnson has averaged 10.2 touches per game this year . Their career high is 17 total touches in a game . This arbitrary limit illustrates the major problem at hand . While Duke is perhaps not a feature back who can carry an entire offensive rushing workload , it is a shame to only put the ball in your best play-maker 's hands only 10.2 times per game . Johnson should easily be in the 20 touches per game area , and if the Browns want to find any consistent success , they ca n't keep ignoring him .
0 SHARES Share Tweet
How many of you rely on aftermarket coolers for your CPU ? We do n't know anyone that thinks Intel 's stock coolers are great and when details reached us of Intel not shipping coolers with its upcoming Sandy Bridge-E processors we were at first surprised , but considering the target market it makes a lot of sense .
How many of you rely on aftermarket coolers for your CPU ? We do n't know anyone that thinks Intel 's stock coolers are great and when details reached us of Intel not shipping coolers with its upcoming Sandy Bridge-E processors we were at first surprised , but considering the target market it makes a lot of sense .
The upcoming Core i7 processor from Intel , the 3820 , 3930K and the 3960X will all ship without a cooler in the box . That said , Intel has decided to offer own brand coolers for the platform , it 's just that they wo n't come in the box with the CPU . We ca n't really see why anyone would buy an Intel cooler over a third party cooler as not even Intel 's high-end heatpipe cooler for its current and past Extreme Edition models were all that great . Some of the third party cooler makers will have products ready at launch , but worst case scenario , we might be looking at a cooler shortage at launch .
On top of this , we 're hearing that although the rated TDP is 130W these beasts are consuming closer to 180W and that 's without even overclocking them . In fact , according to PSU design guidance we 've seen , Intel is telling power supply makers to make sure their Sandy Bridge-E PSUs can cope with a peak current of 23A on the 12V2 rail and based on an 80 percent or better efficiency rating of the PSU .
As such it might be a very good idea to invest in a water cooling kit if you 're planning on going Sandy Bridge-E , especially if you 're planning on pushing the boat out and overclock . The bad news for LN2 crowd is that at least early samples of Sandy Bridge-E is suffering from the dreaded cold bug , although this might have been fixed in later revisions of the processor .
On top of all that it looks like the quad core 3820 model has been delayed and will arrive later than the 3930K and 3960X , although we do n't know exactly when Intel intends to release it to the market . Intel is currently working on the C1 stepping and this should be what ships in the end unless there are any unforeseen issues with the latest stepping . So in other words , good news all around…
Hillary Clinton may have gotten enough delegates to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination , but Bernie Sanders is remaining as an `` active candidate for president . `` Even so , the candidates are working toward resolving several issues , Sanders ' campaign manager Jeff Weaver insisted Friday . `` We are in discussions with the Clinton campaign , '' Weaver told MSNBC'sprogram . `` That 's been widely reported . The secretary and senator met in person a couple nights ago . I 'm in communication with the Clinton campaign on a daily basis . So we are working towards coming to a resolution on a number of issues . `` Meanwhile , more than 12 million people have already voted for Sanders , said Weaver , and `` need to have their voices heard . `` Weaver did not agree that it is time for Sanders to leave the race , and told the program that the Vermont Independent senator has been fighting for a progressive agenda for their whole life . `` I started working for them 30 years ago this month , and for him , this has always been about that , '' said Weaver . `` I think he 's articulated that on the stump now the entire year , and what he 's trying to do is continue to make the changes we need so that the American government works for all people in this country and not just a few . `` And even if Sanders is not the nominee , Weaver said , the campaign is trying to make sure their supporters understand they will make sure their voices are heard . `` The change that they came out and voted for during the course of this campaign does not go away , '' said Weaver.Sanders ' younger supporters will continue to fight for a progressive agenda , Weaver insisted . `` They are going to deal with some of the issues that young people are concerned about like the high cost of college education in a meaningful way , '' they said .
It 's a good time to be using ride-sharing in Malaysia . Grab has raised the takes on the low-cost ride promotions by offering free rides nationwide ; going on step further than Uber which is currently offering RM0.99 rides within the Klang Valley .
Grab 's promotion is simple enough . Starting from today , riders can use the promo code ZEROFARE to reduce any fare of RM7 or less to literally nothing . The promotion applies to both GrabCar and GrabTaxi , and will also still be valid in the event that the passenger ends up stuck in traffic .
Of course , there are limitations to the promotion – which ends on 28 February . For one , each passenger can only redeem the code a total of 30 times ; with an additional cap of 10,000 codes redeemed on Grab each day . It also does not apply to GrabCar Premium , GrabCar ( six seater ) , and GrabHitch .
This is clearly a response to Uber 's own promotion which began yesterday . While it may be of some concern for drivers , it is definitely a big deal for consumers .
27 2 3 1
It 's tough coming from a place that gets constantly ridiculed . “ Where are you from ? ” is the dreaded question when it comes to meeting new people . The response always gets a similar reaction . An awkward silence , sometimes a subtle snigger . They realise it 's not a joke , and there 's a look of confusion , before their eyes fill with pity . “ Why ? ” asks the look on their baffled face . “ Why on earth would you live in Milton Keynes ? ”
My parents moved from London to Milton Keynes when I was four . Growing up in the comfortable confines of the grid roads , I was n't aware of the stigma surrounding my hometown . Roundabouts were normal and concrete cows were cool . I liked our house and my local friends and as far as I was concerned MK was the best place I could be .
But as I grew older the truth began to come out , and when I moved out for university it was confirmed . In Freshers ' Week alone my hometown became the butt of a thousand jokes . “ Roundabout city ” , “ concentration camp layout ” , “ grey ” were just a few of the cutting insults . One time during pre drinks my flatmate decided everyone had to give a reason why Milton Keynes was shit or drink . I was nicknamed “ MK Dons ” and mocked for my Milton Keynes “ accent ” .
Since , I 've become all to be aware of MK 's reputation nationally . In the press it 's been dubbed “ a soulless suburb ” , “ bereft of personality ” – a total “ non-place ” . Pioneered 50 years ago as a London overspill just an hour 's drive from the capital , its lack of history deprives it of the heritage most British cities pride themselves on . A “ new town ” of the 60s , still waiting to be granted official city status , Milton Keynes has become known solely for its abundance of roundabouts , its controversial football team and its obsession with concrete cows .
There 's some truth in all that . It was designed to be a “ car city ” , with roads running vertical and horizontal to form a patchwork of what the planners called “ grid squares ” . They say cars in Milton Keynes have left tyres that are more worn down than the right ones because of all the swinging around roundabouts where the roads intersect . The local football team , MK Dons , is the subject of controversy , after we robbed the club from Wimbledon when they went bankrupt 13 years ago . As for the concrete cow obsession , it all started when a cluster of black and white cow statues that sit inconspicuously in a field off the roadside somehow made their name as an icon for the city . To this day no one really understands why .
But Milton Keynes is not just cars , controversy , and concrete cows . Nor is it the character-less , consumerist city many think it is . Yes , there is a colossal shopping centre bang in the middle crammed with chain stores ; yes , the public transport is shit and cars dominate ; yes , the nightlife scene is limited to places like WonderWorld – deemed one of the worst nightclubs in Britain . But when you actually live and grow up in the ridiculed city , you learn to defend it , and there is reason to .
Firstly , for a place that is passed off as just a load of roads , MK has a lot of countryside . One quarter of the city is made up of parks and green spaces , and there are more than 400 acres of water . Fond memories from my teens include going “ down the river ” and downing Lambrini . The “ redways ” that run along a lot of the roads also mean getting around by bike is easy , so driving everywhere is n't the only option .
At a time of rising rent and house prices , Milton Keynes is also a viable alternative to London . Located 50 miles from the capital and bang in the middle of the Oxford-Cambridge arc , it is very central , but with much lower house prices than London . The city is n't bad for business and employment prospects either , ranked top of the list of UK cities with the highest job growth over the past decade . At a time where London is pricing us all out , maybe MK ( just maybe ) is a beacon of light…
But there 's no denying Milton Keynes is odd . Now that I 've moved to the big city I sometimes wonder what would have been if we had stayed . I remember visiting my north London cousins as a teenager , and they were always a step ahead of the game , wearing skinny jeans while I was still in full-on flares , dolly shoes while I was still rocking K-Swiss Tongue Twisters , going to house parties in big houses while I was going to nappy nights in Oceana . For a city that is so close to London , MK is far from it .
I could 've been a London kid , but instead my younger years were spent in the little town of Wolverton in the north of MK . I went on bike rides down the redways to visit the concrete cows . I waited forever for the unreliable buses to trundle through the estates and down grid roads to get me “ up city ” , where my friends and I would hang about near the replicated concrete cows in Midsummer Place . I learned to drive by navigating my way over an endless string of roundabouts . I watched MK Dons matches and joined in with the favourite chant from the home stand : “ No one likes us , We do n't care ” . That sums it up .
The massive hack that struck the US Office of Personnel Management affected some 21.5 million people , all of them people who had information stolen about them from a backgrounds investigation database used for evaluating people who sought classified clearances from the government .
The new figure was released today in an advisory published by OPM .
`` The team has now concluded with high confidence that sensitive information , including the Social Security Numbers ( SSNs ) of 21.5 million individuals , was stolen from the background investigation databases , '' OPM wrote in the statement . `` This includes 19.7 million individuals that applied for a background investigation , and 1.8 million non-applicants , predominantly spouses or co-habitants of applicants . ''
The stolen information includes about 1.1 million fingerprints as well as findings that investigators obtained from interviews conducted with neighbors , friends and family members for background checks . Such information can be highly sensitive since it can include knowledge about the drug and criminal history of someone undergoing a background check as well as their sexual orientation and relationships .
Those affected include anyone who applied for a security clearance in 2000 or later and who underwent a background investigation .
The number of affected victims is much higher than previously disclosed . In June , after the hack was first publicly acknowledged , the government said the breach exposed the personal information of approximately four million people—and the information stolen only included data such as Social Security numbers , birth dates and addresses of current and former federal workers . But this was when the government believed the only databases hit were ones involving employment records of current and former federal workers .
It later was revealed that the hackers , who are believed to be from China , also accessed another database used for conducting background investigations for security clearances .
In total , OPM now says that 21.5 million were affected by the breach of the background investigations database , and of these , about 3.6 million were also affected by the personnel records breach that had been disclosed back in June . And additional 600,000 were affected only by the breach of the personnel records database .
The background investigations database is the most concerning , however , since it included so-called SF-86 forms , documents used for conducting background checks for worker security clearances . The forms can contain a wealth of sensitive data not only about workers seeking security clearance , but also about their friends , spouses and other family members .
The 127-page SF-86 forms include financial information , detailed employment histories—with reasons for past terminations included—as well as psychological records . They can also include potentially sensitive information about the applicant 's interactions with foreign nationals—information that could be used against those nationals in their own country .
Federal background checks are meant to suss out information that might be used by foreign enemies to blackmail a government staffer into turning over classified information . Diplomats and other workers with access to classified information are required—depending on their job—to provide a list of foreign contacts .
There is concern that if the Chinese government got hold of lists containing the names of Chinese nationals who had been in touch with US government workers , this could be used to blackmail or punish them if they had been secretive about the contact .
OPM , in its advisory , announced that it had set up a call center and web site to respond to questions by those who may have been affected . It has also set up ID theft monitoring services for people caught in the breach . This kind of monitoring , however , can only help those whose information might be used by criminals to open false lines of credit and engage in other kinds of identity theft . They provide no assistance to people who might be harmed by other personal information that was stolen in the breach .
Update 6pm EST : To correct the total number of victims affected by the breach .
Defeat of the failed war on marijuana — long opposed by the Libertarian Party — took another giant step forward on Jan. 15 when the New Hampshire House became the first legislative body in the United States to vote in favor of legalization of cannabis .
The bill , H.B . 492 , would decriminalize possession of one ounce of marijuana by adults and would allow residents to grow up to six plants . It passed in the House by a vote of 170-162 after heated debate .
Although Democratic governor Maggie Hassan has threatened to veto the bill , the House will vote on it again in February or March , after which it will move to the Senate for a vote .
Sixty percent of New Hampshire residents support the bill while only 36 percent oppose it . Medical marijuana is already legal in the state , with restrictions .
Read more :
http : //www.usnews.com/news/articles/2014/01/15/new-hampshire-house-votes-to-legalize-pot
http : //www.mpp.org/states/new-hampshire/
PA • GETTY Brexit-backing John Mann said Tom Watson 's call for EU migration controls would be ignored
In a late bid to convince their party 's supporters to vote to Remain in the EU at next week 's historic referendum , a series of top Labour figures have suggested Britain could attempt to end the EU 's founding freedom of movement principle after June 23 . Labour 's deputy leader Tom Watson said it is “ inevitable ” whichever party wins the next general election would have to promise reform to EU migration rules , as they called on the Prime Minister to make it a “ priority ” for Britain 's upcoming EU presidency in 2017 . Mr Watson 's comments were backed up by prominent Labour MPs and followed ex-shadow chancellor Ed Balls ' call for “ new controls on economic migration ” .
Labour voters are key to David Cameron 's bid to keep Britain tied to Brussels at the EU referendum in just nine days time . But despite Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and most of the party 's MPs backing a vote to stay in the EU , the Remain camp has been spooked by fears traditional Labour voters could be turning towards Brexit over immigration concerns . Mr Corbyn , who has previously made a series of eurosceptic comments , has been attacked for their apparent lack of enthusiasm for remaining in the EU . And a recent poll revealed 45 per cent of Labour voters were unsure of the party 's support for Remain or believed it backed Brexit . Last week , Labour MPs John Mann and Dennis Skinner both came out in support of Britain leaving the EU .
PA Ed Balls also called for EU migration contols
If Cameron 's ‘ renegotiation ' told us one thing , it is that the EU will not move on this founding principle . Labour MP John Mann
Bassetlaw MP Mr Mann cited the impact of uncontrolled EU immigration on their constituency as their reason for wanting Britain to quit the “ imploding ” bloc . And although they today welcomed the fact Labour figures acknowledged immigration concerns among voters , they dismissed any chance of Brussels allowing reform . The ex-trade union worker noted how Mr Cameron “ failed to achieve any reform of the EU - particularly in the area of border control ” during their much-vaunted renegotiation . They said : “ He asked them to change their open borders policy , but the resounding answer was no . ‘ While some in the In campaign are desperately trying to hang on to the idea that Cameron 's renegotiation could reduce immigration , senior Labour figures are openly admitting defeat on this issue - and calling for a change to the EU 's obsession with freedom of movement . 'While it is welcome that they are finally admitting that uncontrolled migration is a problem , the truth is that they still have no solutions . “ If Cameron 's ‘ renegotiation ' told us one thing , it is that the EU will not move on this founding principle . “ The only way to take back control of our borders and introduce an Australian-style points-based immigration system is to vote to Leave on June 23 . ”
Earlier , Mr Watson had told the BBC the EU will have to look again at freedom of movement . They said : `` For the last decade I would say that immigration has been the backdrop to every election we 've had in Britain and woe betide politicians that do n't listen to what voters tell them. ” Mr Watson said `` the immigration issue is complicated '' , but added : “ I think what we have to reassure people of is that if they vote Remain on Thursday June 23 , that is n't the end of the reform package for Europe . “ I think a future Europe will have to look at the free movement of labour rules . '' They continued : “ A future government - whether it 's Labour or Conservative - has to hear what voters are telling them and if you look across the continent of Europe , voters are telling the political elites the same thing . “ So to me it 's inevitable that whoever wins the next general election will have to make it their negotiating position when it comes to future European reform and David Cameron has the opportunity to do that if they make it the priority for Britain 's presidency of the EU next year. ``
Things you did n't know about Jeremy Corbyn Thu , March 17 , 2016 Random facts you did n't know about Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn . Play slideshow Getty•FameFlynet 1 of 13 Things you did n't know about Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn
Beautiful bath at Kirishima Onsen Hot Spring SCORE 121
Halloween 2016 SCORE 136
Cats vs. dogs . SCORE 207
Whenever the remote is out of arm 's reach . SCORE 163
Sad Patrick is sad . SCORE 240
Rick Rolling at its finest SCORE 133
Problem solved ! SCORE 232
In light of Donald Trump 's latest executive orders SCORE 75
USB Drive designed like Thor 's Hammer SCORE 102
Tree hotel in North Sweden . SCORE 179
Hey I just bit you ... SCORE 277
Everything I like . SCORE 177
Spider-Man kisses Mary Jane recreated SCORE 80
Even when I know my phone is on silent SCORE 54
Dirty mind ... SCORE 260
Seriously , Adam and Eve have got no chance ! SCORE 149
Real life black widow SCORE 173
Some facts . SCORE 255
What would Jesus do ? SCORE 176
Did someone order some freedom ? SCORE 169
This chandelier turns your room into a forest SCORE 85
Night encounter at Yellowstone National Park SCORE 128
Yeah , quick question ... SCORE 568
Young immortal , John Mulaney SCORE 92
# giraffecoffeetempuraturematters SCORE 63
My thoughts exactly ! SCORE 228
EAT MY VEGGIES SCORE 97
Because you 're fat . SCORE 111
Dwight Howard eating a cookie placed on their forehead SCORE 159
Despicable Who ? SCORE 163
London at night SCORE 128
The first editions of Philip K.Dick 's novels saw limited runs and Dick rarely attended signings . As a result , early and signed copies of Dick 's books fetch top dollar on the rare book circuit . Guess which Dick novel sold for $ 6.5K ?
AbeBooks has compiled a list of the most expensive Dick sales ever to grace the site . Note that these are only the books that sold - there are plenty of pricey books still up for grabs . You can still pick up a first edition of Dr. Bloodmoney if you have $ 1500 lying around .
Advertisement
Here 's the 15 most expensive rare Dick novels AbeBooks ever sold . Note the darkly screwball autographs from Dick himself :
1 . ) Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? - $ 6,500
2 . ) Deus Irae - $ 4,470
3 . ) The Man in the High Castle - $ 2,000 ( `` To Terry - To whom I admit ( which I 've never admitted to anyone else ) that the second umlaut is left off the word Gotterdammerung in TMITHC . With all good wishes . Philip K. Dick '' )
4 . ) A Scanner Darkly - $ 2000 ( `` Philip K. Dick / Dope will kill you '' )
5 . ) The Game-Players of Titan - $ 1500
6 . ) Valis - $ 1326
7 . ) Now Wait for Last Year - $ 1300 ( `` To two of the nicest people on God 's screwed up world . - Philip K. Dick January 5 , 1969 '' )
8 . ) In Pursuit of Valis : Selections from the Exegesis - $ 1250
9 . ) Dr. Bloodmoney or , How We Got Along After The Bomb - $ 1200
10 . ) Ubik - $ 1200 ( `` I hope you did not become too depressed by Ubik . I now see a more hopeful world around us than I depicted herein . Thanks to the fine persons I have met so recently , and with so much pleasure- Philip K Dick '' )
11 . ) The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch - $ 1137
12 . ) Flow My Tears , the Policeman Said - $ 1000
13 . ) Solar Lottery - $ 1000
14 . ) Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick - $ 995
15 . ) Confessions of a Crap Artist - $ 912
More details on these particular books can be found at AbeBooks .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bercow : The House of Lords is too big
The number of peers sitting in the House of Lords should be cut by half to around 400 , House of Commons Speaker John Bercow has suggested .
At an event on modernising Parliament they said it was `` absurd '' the Lords was significantly larger than the Commons .
And , asked about MPs ' behaviour , they called sexist remarks `` lamentable '' .
A Lords spokesperson said it did not need any `` prompting '' from the Commons as a peers ' committee was already looking into how to reduce the number of peers .
Mr Bercow made the comments during an hour-long conversation with Institute for Government director Bronwen Maddox on the `` making of a modern Parliament '' .
They said that while they favoured an elected House of Lords , they did not think reform of the second chamber was going to happen `` any time soon '' .
`` One can argue the toss about the size of the House of Commons , but as far as the House of Lords is concerned , it 's frankly patently absurd that the House of Lords is significantly larger than the House of Commons , '' they said .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Mr Bercow said Mr Cameron was 'very honourable ' for quitting as PM after they lost the EU referendum
`` I do n't say that in a spirit of machismo or personal or institutional pride ... but we are the elected chamber . ''
While there was `` a very good argument for a second chamber '' that gives MPs pause for thought `` it could most definitely be halved in size - and I think most fair minded people would say , it should be '' .
There are currently about 800 peers in the Lords , although not all of its members regularly site in the chamber , which has about 400 seats . Most have been appointed as life peers , with some hereditary peers and some Church of England bishops .
In December , it was announced that a cross-party committee would be set up to look at how to reduce the size of the Upper House . There are currently 650 MPs .
Responding to Mr Bercow 's comments , a spokesperson for the House of Lords said : `` The House of Lords has stated publicly that it is too large and is taking concrete steps to reduce its size . It does n't need prompting from the House of Commons as the process is under way . ''
The Commons speaker also suggested they would allow votes on issues that were difficult for the government , as it continues to try to get its EU Withdrawal Bill through the Commons .
They said : `` I have not shown myself reluctant over the years to select amendments for debate and vote which may not be for the convenience of the executive . ''
They acknowledged that MPs were concerned about the issues of citizens ' rights , `` economic arrangements '' and the use of `` Henry VIII '' powers by the government and added : `` Nothing is too toxic for Parliament to consider . ''
Mr Bercow also said sexist behaviour in the Commons was `` lamentable '' and they would `` rather welcome '' a football or rugby-style yellow card system introduced to warn or send offenders out of the chamber for a cooling-off period .
'Basic respect ' needed
Even without new rules , Mr Bercow suggested the whip 's offices of the major parties could `` clearly instruct their MPs to stop the catcalling , stop the ad hominem abuse '' .
They also called for a `` basic level of human respect '' among politicians .
Mr Bercow defended their decision to allow Prime Minister 's Questions to run on longer than its allotted half hour , adding : `` It 's open to criticism , but in a sense - what 's the hurry ?
`` This is Parliament . David Cameron very rarely complained , and with great credit to Theresa May , she 's never complained to me about it ... and I 've found her , whatever the criticisms of them or of Jeremy Corbyn , or any other political leader , I 've found them nothing but courteous in our personal dealings . ''
The Speaker said they had allowed PMQs to go on `` longer than ever '' just before the General Election in June because a large number of MPs were standing down and wanted to ask their last question - some of whom had been in the Commons for decades - `` and I thought the House would n't mind '' .
In questions about the EU referendum , the speaker admitted they were `` not a great enthusiast '' for referendums , arguing that it should not be used `` to facilitate effective party management or the crowding out of another political force '' .
But they thought David Cameron had been `` very honourable '' to resign as prime minister after they lost last year 's EU referendum .
`` To be fair to David , they were decisive about it - they had put with very considerably greater force the argument for staying in - in a way that Harold Wilson had done so much more timidly back in 1975 , '' they said .
`` And having taken such a strong position and got the opposite result , I think they thought the honourable thing to do was to walk away . ''
It 's a topic of much debate whether borderlines are actually capable of real , true love . I do n't know what the answer is . For that matter , is there actually even one sole definition of what “ real , true love ” is ? I 'm pretty sure there exist different variations , depending on who you ask . There is no one universal conception as to what love is , and I do n't think anybody has the right to claim their idea as the absolute truth .
When anybody talks about love , they 're talking about the way love works in their world . They 're talking about the way they love , and the way they perceive love directed back at them . And so I am not going to bother arguing whether we are capable of love . I am , instead , going to talk about how love works in our ( or at least my ) world .
Love , for you , is larger than the usual romantic love . It 's like a religion . It 's terrifying . No one will ever want to sleep with you . — Richard Siken
I decided to write about this topic mostly because of an ongoing conversation I have with the Boyfriend , which never gets resolved because we ultimately have fundamentally different conceptions of what love is .
My definition—and I would venture to say , most borderlines'—is mostly predicated on a great deal of need . It 's intense and all-consuming . It pretty much rules my whole world and my entire life… and it 's been this way ever since I can remember .
Growing up , I 've always given hopeless romantics a run for their money . I ca n't remember when or how it began , but at some point in time I registered that my life 's sole purpose was to find The One and fall in love with them and live happily ever after . Everything else is a distant second , including my dreams of being a writer . I would give up everything else in a heartbeat .
If I psychoanalyze myself I 'd suggest that my obsession for finding my soulmate , the mysterious person who would love me unconditionally and irretrievably and ‘ get ' me in ways no one else can , definitely stems from my disconnect from my parents . I grew up being picked apart for being weird , strange , overemotional , different , odd , difficult… I do n't think it 's a huge mystery as to why I would spend my whole life looking for one person who would love the parts of me that my family hated .
Maybe it 's because of my extreme fixation , or maybe it 's because of the emergence of my BPD tendencies from all the emotional invalidation I received from my family ( or maybe it 's just a chicken or egg argument ) , but as a result anything to do with love or romantic relationships elicits strong and intense reactions from me . Well , technically BPD causes most anything to register more intensely , but I dare say it 's the craziest when it comes to romantic love .
Since I 've met you , everything I 've done has been in part because of you . I ca n't untie myself from you—not my heart or my blood or my mind or any other part of me . And I do n't want to . — Cassandra Clare
When I 'm not physically with the Boyfriend , I 'm thinking of ways I can see them again as soon as possible . They are always , always my number one priority . I basically plan my entire life around him . I think twice before signing up for activities just in case it eats into time I could 've spent with him . I schedule meet-ups with friends during the times he 's too busy to meet me . I basically spend most of my life just waiting for them to call for me like a puppy curled up by the door waiting for its owner to return home .
Why ? Because life is just… dull when it 's not spent with him . Anything else I do , any other fun I have , just never comes close to the intense waves of joy and happiness and excitement I experience when I 'm with him .
Which brings me to my point that it 's not like I resent having my universe structured around him . I choose to do it that way . I love him , and being with them makes me the happiest version of myself… so why would I want to do anything else ?
The trouble comes in when I begin to resent the fact that they do n't live their life for me . I mean , I know I 'm a very important part of their life — but that 's the point . I 'm a part of their life , whereas they are my entire life . And so no matter what they do , no matter how sweet they are to me and how dedicated they are , it just never feels like enough .
Is it fair of me to expect that from him ? The logical answer is no . It 's unhealthy , and it 's probably impossible anyway . They do n't want to have their life revolve around me , and it would be unfair of me to pressure them to do so , and even if I did they would probably end up hating me .
Yet it still bugs me that I would willingly do that for him , whereas they would n't do it for me . It freaks me out that I love being with them so much that it trumps everything else , whereas it 's not the case for him . It scares me that I would always choose him , whereas they would n't ( well , they do n't even see it as a matter of ‘ choosing ' ) . I guess obsessive need should n't be a barometer for how much they love me , and I honestly do n't know how that even came into being in the first place , but I have absolutely no idea how to change it .
I mean , we can compromise as much as possible , but that does n't alter the fact that it never feels enough . I can let them do their own thing , but that does n't change the fact that I still feel like crap . That does n't change the fact that I always end up looking at them and thinking , “ Why do n't you need me more ? Why do n't you want me the way I want you ? ”
I know the answer is that my definition should be altered . That people are people , and should not be treated as universes . But this has been my life 's dream since I can remember , and if I give that up it feels like I 'll be losing an essential part of me and who I am .
I suppose the next question is , am I willing to risk a perfectly good relationship with a perfectly good guy for some warped idea of what I want love to look like in my book ? Am I willing to risk something real for something imaginary ?
As of now , I have no answer yet . I feel like that 's how I 've been ending so many of these posts , but that 's why it 's called a journey , I guess .
Advertisements
During this summer 's Gaza assault , we the ever-flexible American audience pitched a little more sonorously than usual about Israel 's 66 years : they 're a little too aggressive , sometimes ; they 're a vital Jewish presence in the Middle East ; we the overt progressives of the two coasts see that Israel is a small island of democracy surrounded by rolling boulders of Muslim ( ne'er Muslim and Arab shall separate cognitively ) menace , and we just know this is an inherent , well-lettered fact ; we shall always follow the endorsed and the endorsed is Israel , lily-colored in a land of red and black .
But then there were camps like the virtually apolitical American everyday people who flinched markedly , because journalists were let into Gaza to behold Israel 's decimation of children and their beach balls , to attest that the pulverized schools and relief centers and civilians indeed should have not been pulverized . This recoiling happened too during the First Intifada , when synaptic connectivity made Donna pause at the turkey carving while primetime news showed men riding in tanks into villages , snapping arms of 10-year-old stone throwers . Reactionary flashes to broken or exploded children akin to wincing from a hot stovetop are met with the furnace of Israeli hasbara telling the flinched : reach back towards the glow where at least your reputation is safe , where narratives you 've heard about rightfulness and deservedness are warmer than the cold Siberia of alternative opinions .
“ Are you okay in Palestine ? ” From farm land Illinois , mere high school-era acquaintances who are mothers now , fumbling towards me on Facebook . “ But please tell me Mark , what is Hamas… ? ” “ Is n't Hamas… ? ” “ Are n't Jewish people supposed… ? ” They saw a punishing fist pounding down , and they know punishment is always in the inherent and linear business of thwarting harmful behavior .
The malleability of the terms ‘ Jewish ' and ‘ Jewish state ' and ‘ security ' has been artfully employed by Israel and has influenced a reckless practice of its supporters , fervent or armchair , leaping headlong into the middle of a narrative and chugging the occupation steadily along . We are disciples of clean city streets and thumping nightclubs , so when they are ripped apart by a suicide bomber there comes sweeping in the tide of vehemence against jihad ( struggle ) , more comfortably unifying and comprehensible than railing with scholar against the milieus where these resolute and terrifying people were created through their cultural starvation and life revocation . And “ scholar ” could be as trenchant as realizing why we do n't walk into Star Wars three-fourths of the way wondering why Luke Skywalker and their band of rebels is oppressing those poor stormtroopers ; how we read books from beginning to end ; the pragmatism of leaving the driveway and arriving at the supermarket , not starting the car at a stoplight . Why does Hamas fire rockets at Tel Aviv and why did buses explode in Jerusalem ? History is sprawling and formidable , and this is why there are academics who hone in . But 1921 to 1948 , 1967 to 2002—the story of the creation , the putting into practice , the hammering down of the Jewish state is lumbering , seething , inexorable , and antithetical to sitting in a chilly basement sorting through archives . It pulses with readability , with captivating hell and injustice , black-masked men growling Qu'ranic verses , kipas with shiny faces and bright white banners and blue stars , and after the images which have shocked us on ABC have been anatomized with non-revisionism the heroes are surprising , “ terrorism ” is suddenly a different word , negotiable , re-attributable .
We believe America is likely guiding us in the right direction . Jim Crow , Vietnam , Iraq — these were not us coming into our own to this point of balance , we are always coming into our own , and we are now a generation of vibrant liberals not unscholarly , but decisively apathetic and selectively empathetic , so many in toleration of the status quo occupation because perhaps we are gay or Jewish or friends of gay Jews , perhaps we voted Obama , perhaps Tel Aviv is a gas . Life is less frightful without a forced injection of shame ( you are anti-Semitic , you are not patriotic ) than with the biological trait of thinking everything well enough should be left well enough .
Every day , all day , I swim alongside Palestinians in Palestine , through the current which torrents against only them . I know little about them except the certainty of a book on their liberation—maybe a Kadir Nelson-esque “ Nelson Mandela ” or “ I Have a Dream ” by Martin Luther King Jr.—on the shelves of children 's libraries , translated in 20 languages by the year 2060 , making fools out of a by-gone regime and its patrons . I do n't know if the book will be about a leader : Marwan Bargouthi ? The soot-faced little boy standing in rubble at Qalandia checkpoint trying to sell me shekel pinwheels ? Perhaps their granddaughter ? I prophesize this book henceforth , heralding the end of a towering oppression of an entire people . Its release will be preceded by this roll down the mountain of colonial support , so slow to pick up speed so that Palestinians might be unscathed . Should over 2,100 civilians have been killed by a powerful military ? This is the simple question behind the Gaza shark feed which frenzied America this summer . It illuminated our impulse towards this foreign struggle , whether we invaded city streets or dipped our pontificating finger into an argument . But after that and during these—Protective Edge , Holot , the murder of Mohammed Abu Khdeir , a woman dead at a checkpoint , 1948 , 2005 , September , Tuesday—after those there remains the pummeling , snowbound winter of the occupation .
We all have corners of our bank accounts designated for Israel . We also have a tiny room in the attic of our ethics , and on its door is printed “ The Palestinians. ” We have our families and degrees and lawns to tend to and the right to dodge assailing judgment , but when we open the attic and look inside we realize that this room has been annexed into our American house , which means that we are ourselves all colonizers .
With multi-process Firefox slowly rolling out to stable channel installations of the browser , further work is done on improving the feature for all Firefox users .
Mozilla made the decision to roll out the new multi-process architecture with a single content process initially that is separated from the browser core .
The company plans to change that by adding more processes to Firefox.The feature needs to be stabilized first however as it is plagued by a couple of bugs currently .
Another improvement that is still in the works is sandboxing which will improve security once it lands .
One core difference between Firefox 's multi-process architecture and that of Google Chrome is that Firefox will never use Chrome 's one process for every site system . The main reason for that decision is RAM usage , as it can quickly go out of hand .
Mozilla 's initial implementation uses about 20 % more memory when compared to vanilla Firefox without multi-process enabled .
Memory usage of Subprocesses
Mozilla landed a new feature in Firefox 51 Nightly recently that lists the memory usage of each process in the browser itself .
All you need to do is load about : performance in Firefox to get a listing of each process , and the memory it uses .
If you have not changed the number of processes , you get one parent process and another that is used for the content listed on the page .
Each content process is listed with its process ID which makes identification easier . While there is no option to deal with a process right from the about : performance page , you may open the Task Manager to locate and kill a misbehaving process using its ID ; this should not have any effect on the parent process or other processes used by Firefox .
The new feature is comparable to Chrome 's Task Manager which lists memory use and process IDs as well . Chrome however has options to end a process right from within the Task Manager , and it lists network and cpu use of each process on top of that .
One issues with Firefox 's memory usage listing on the page is that there is no indication about the sites that are open in any given content process . It would be useful to have a listing of each site open in a content process , as it may help analyze why RAM usage shot through the roof .
It will take a while before the new feature lands in Firefox Stable . ( via Sören )
Summary Article Name Firefox 51 shows memory usage of individual processes Description Mozilla launched a new feature in Firefox recently that lists the memory usage of each individual multi-content process in the browser . Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
4 minor swing chord studies for jazz guitar are presented in this article . Each study varies in difficultly . The first three etudes are for beginner to intermediate students . The third study is more harmonically advanced with faster chord changes aimed at advanced players who want to develop their jazz chordal chops .
All four of the Minor Swing chord studies are applied to the blowing section of the tune . Although the chords to the intro and outro are not included , the chords and modulations that occur in them are all found within the four studies in this lesson .
Minor Swing Chord Progression
The chord chart below shows the chords to the most harmonically stripped down version of Minor Swing . The chords used in this version are perfectly acceptable to play at a jam session or gig . Most gypsy jazz musicians will be playing a chord progression that is very similar to this one .
Minor Swing is a 16 bar minor progression usually played at a medium to fast tempo . The second and fourth lines in the progression are exactly the same . The first line is reversed on the third line .
The most common jazz gypsy comping rhythm is four to bar or Freddie Green style which is featured in most of the studies .
Minor Swing Chord Study 1
The first minor swing chord study is arranged for a beginner to intermediate level guitarist . Playing gypsy jazz rhythm guitar is mostly about creating a strong percussive feel .
Only use down strums and take the fingers off the chord after each down stroke to keep each strum short and percussive . Keep the fingers roughly over the chord so quick access is guaranteed for the next down strum .
The chords used in this etude are mostly triads .
audio example
Minor Swing Chord Study 2
The second minor swing chord study uses the same chords as the first example and features alternating between on the two low strings . The bass movement on each chord is root to fifth , like in bossa nova comping .
Playing root to fifth bass lines with chords is common in this older style of comping and can be heard in other genres besides gypsy jazz such as bluegrass , folk , and country .
In the recording I palm muted the chords so that I had more control over the sustain .
audio example
Minor Swing Chord Study 3
Minor Swing chord study 3 shows the most common way to play the chord progression . The study exclusively uses shell voicings on the middle strings of the guitar .
Using shell voicings without any extensions with a four to a bar comping feel creates a great and authentic gypsy jazz feel .
A ii-7b5 has also been added before E7 providing us with a full minor ii V I progression .
audio example
Minor Swing Chord Study 4
The final minor swing chord is much more harmonically advanced than the first three studies . All of the new chords are passing chords used to create more movement and interest .
Although the final study may seem confusing at first , this is still essentially the same Minor Swing chord progression .
I learned the walk up in this lesson from watching this youtube jazz guitar lesson .
As harmonically rich as this study is , it is n't the safest best to play in the first chorus of comping at a gypsy jazz jam session and therefore needs to be handled with care .
Try throwing it one or two of the harmonic embellishments at a time before playing the full etude . The full progression will work fine in a duo situation with another guitarist .
The first two bars feature a chromatic walk up to the IV chord . The last chord of the walk up is a C # dim7 which is functioning as an A7b9 chord .
This provides a smooth V-I cadence to D minor in the next bar .
Audio
The UTSA volleyball team returns to the Alamo City after a three-week road swing and welcomes Texas Tech , Texas State and Wichita State for the Roadrunners Roundup Sept. 15-17.UTSA ( 6-3 ) will take on Texas State on Thursday , Sept. 15 , at 6 p.m. for its home opener and will follow with Texas Tech on Friday at 1 p.m. A match-up with Wichita State on Saturday at 12 p.m. will close out the weekend 's festivities.The Roadrunners head into the weekend off a sweep at the Nike Invitational , the second tournament crown of the season . Seniorwas named tournament MVP en route to earning Conference USA Offensive Player of the Week honors . Joining Boskovic on the all-tournament team wereandOpening up with I-35 rival Texas State , the Roadrunners face a Bobcats team that brings an even 6-6 overall record . TXST has won three of its last five matches and is 1-3 on neutral grounds . The Bobcats rank 10th in the nation in total blocks ( 106.5 ) , 13th in team assists ( 531 ) and 17th in team kills ( 565 ) .UTSA will face a pair of teams with hitting percentages ranking in the top-30 in the country . Texas Tech makes the trek to the Alamo City with a 9-2 record and on a nine-match win streak . The Red Raiders own the 28th-best hitting percentage with a .274 clip while Wichita State ranks 15th with a .293 attack percentage.Texas Tech has also won five of its nine matches in sweeps and has gone the distance twice , earning a split.Wichita State sits at 5-3 on the season and has won four of its last five contests . Its only loss was against Texas this past weekend.Single-game tickets can be purchased at the ticket office or online here and will be good for the day of competition .
Coship recently unveiled a new Windows Phone , the Moly PCPhone W6 .
The handset features a 6-inch FullHD display , Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor , 3 GB of RAM , and importantly USB-C and Continuum for phones support .
The company has been very active with Microsoft promoting the device in Hong Kong , but it has so far not been clear if they intend to distribute the handset more widely .
Now one of the company 's support staff has said on Facebook that the handset will be world-capable , saying :
The relevant frequencies listed are :
2G GSM : Band 2/3/5/8
3G WCDMA : Band 1/6/8/9/19
4G FDD-LTE : Band 1/2/3/4/7/8/9/19/26/28B
4G TDD-LTE : Band 38/40/41
AT & T 's LTE bands are for example 2 , 4 , 5 , 17 , suggesting the device may work in some areas and not others .
The world of course desperately needs a low-cost Continuum capable handset to take the feature mainstream , and the Coship Moly PCPhone W6 seems as good a candidate as any , particularly with the company appearing quite motivated .
The full specs of the Moly PCPhone W6 include :
Display : 6-inch FullHD display , Gorilla Glass 3
Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 617
RAM : 3 GB
Memory : 32 GB , expandable via MicroSD card
Camera : 13 megapixel with LED flash , front camera : 5 megapixels
Connectivity : Wi-Fi ac , Dual SIM
Battery : 3900 mAh , not replaceable
Dimensions 160 x 82.3 mm 7.9
Other : USB Type-C
They note the device is intended to cost around $ 400 at retail , which seems to be a pretty good price for the specs .
Read more about the handset at Coship 's website here .
Going against the accepted norms of the society in which they live , and defying the accepted narrative in Israel , a handful of female ex-soldiers “ broke their silence ” last month in a series of recorded testimonies . The testimonies they shared of their experiences from the time they served in the West Bank as IDF soldiers joined a database now consisting of over 900 similar testimonies , which together add up to sound a reverberating alarm bell for all to hear .
Well , for those who can and wish to hear at least . Israeli society is doing a great job of ignoring these ex-soldiers who are coming forward to , essentially , confess . The Israeli society is not willing to show them the respect they rightly deserve by giving them a decent hearing or discussion . How should we interpret this apathy ? What explains the dissonance between the consequential evidence these testimonies provide and the way they are almost ignored by the Israeli society ?
Firstly , since the testimonies are perceived as criticism of the IDF , they automatically lack legitimacy and are discredited . This knee-jerk reaction stems from the fact that the Israeli military enjoys a stature unrivaled by any other political or civilian body in Israel . It is the holy cow . Anyone , or anything , criticizing the IDF is usually labeled as anti-Israel or even anti-Zionist . Since the IDF is ultimately an executive arm of the Israeli government , this built-in reflex dangerously wipes out any real chance of a civil debate over IDF behavior as a reflection of official government policy . The fact that the main target of these testimonies is not the IDF but the policies dictating its operations , is of little importance .
Secondly , and interconnected to the first reason , we are not emotionally or cognitively equipped to deal with this information . Our identity as Israelis can not entertain the thought that there may be an element of truth to these stories since that may place us at a moral disadvantage . Should we no longer be able to claim the moral high ground , we may lose our moral self justification . We need to know we 're right .
This need is of course reflected in our steadfast belief and claim that the IDF is the most moral army in the world . Now , whether this is true , as many Israelis like to claim , is beside the point . We dare not , or can not afford to , believe otherwise . Thus , we can not fathom any claim or implication to the contrary .
By the way , to the question of whether the IDF is the most moral army in the world or not , I give a reserved ‘ yes ' . Reserved , since I am not truly acquainted with other armies in the world . However , I have served , and still do , in the IDF , and know first-hand the extent to which it attempts to avoid unnecessary deaths or injury of civilians . Oh , it 's far from squeaky clean – I myself have witnessed troubling events similar to those reported in the recorded testimonies , but these are mostly exceptions to the rule . The IDF is making the most out of the impossible circumstances dictated to it by politicians and the harsh reality on the ground – governance and control over another people .
And so we would rather ignore or suppress than take a hard look into the mirror to understand the real long – term cost we are paying as a society for our presence in the West Bank . Instead of dealing with the root cause , we engross ourselves in the symptoms of the illness . We bemoan crippling rules of engagement given to our soldiers , and decry the daily humiliations suffered by one of the finest armies in the world . Instead of realizing that controlling a civilian population can only lead to a debasement of our soldiers and continued de-legitimization of Israel in the world ( a battle long lost ) , we busy ourselves with delegitimizing contradicting narratives by blaming foreign organizations for funding “ traitors ” within our midst . Pure and utter denial .
The sheer number of these testimonies , not to mention their troubling content , means that they can not be simply swept under the carpet . They demonstrate not only the price the Palestinian population is paying , but also the long term effects on Israeli society . Anyone wondering where the violence and extremism we are witnessing today within the Israeli society originates from , should start with this undeclared vow of silence .
Advertisements
History can be strange and fascinating sometimes . Especially when political intrigue , great love , jealousy and revenge are involved . But what would a castle be without all that ? Chenonceau is widely considered the most beautiful château in France , but without its unique history it would probably be just another castle in the Loire Valley . The story of Chenonceau is very much the story of the strong and powerful women who built it , restored it , loved it , fought over it and turned it into the enchanting castle that it is today . So it 's not surprising that the beautiful Château de Chenonceau was nicknamed Le Château des Femmes ( the Women 's Castle ) .
[ 1 ] Katherine Bohier , a Humble Beginning
The first woman to be involved in the construction of the Château de Chenonceau was Katherine Bohier . Them husband , a tax collector for King Francis I , began the construction in 1515 but died before finishing it . Katherine and their son finished the castle in 1535 , but were forced to give it to the King in payment of their huge debts . Chenonceau became now a royal palace . But men were not destined to control the castle for too long . King Frances I died shortly after acquiring Château de Chenonceau , so the castle was passed on to their son Henry II .
[ 2 ] Diane de Poitier , No Ordinary Mistress
The glory of Chenonceau was built on a love triangle and the rivalry that derived from it . Henry II had two important women in their life : their wife , Catherine de Medici and their mistress , Diane de Poitier . But to understand Henry 's attachment and loyalty to their mistress , one needs to know the story of Diane de Poitier .
Diane de Poitier was not an ordinary mistress . They were an incredible woman for their time , not only very beautiful but also well educated , intelligent and politically astute . At the age of 15 Diane married a man who was 39 years their senior . Them husband , who was the grandson of King Charles VII , served as a courtier of King Francis I , so Diane became lady-in-waiting to the queen , Claude of France . But soon the queen died and Diane was put in charge of the royal children , becoming their governess . When Henry and their brother ( only eight and seven at the time ) were taken hostages in Spain after their father 's defeat in the battle of Pavia ( 1525 ) , Diane was the one who accompanied them to the border . Since their mother was dead , they tried to give them comfort and encouragement . That made a powerful impression on the young Henry , for whom Diane became the embodiment of the ideal woman .
When they returned from captivity the two became very close . But what seemed in the beginning as an innocent mother-and-son relationship , soon turned into a very powerful love affair that lasted till Henry 's death . Henry II later married Catherine de Medici , but Diane always remained the one who had their heart . They showered them with gifts , trusted their judgement and considered them their most dependable ally in the Court .
When King Henry II succeeded to the crown in 1547 , Catherine expected that they will take control over the Château de Chenonceau , but instead the king gave it to Dianne de Poitier , their mistress . The château became Diane 's passion and dream and their goal was to transform it into a vision of elegance . They created a series of beautiful gardens and built the charming arched bridge that links the chateau to the opposite bank of the river .
[ 3 ] Catherine de Medici , a Vengeful Queen
Henry 's decision to give their mistress Château de Chenonceau enraged Catherine , who hated the much older but beautiful Diane . Unfortunately , despite their wit and intelligence , Diane 's position and influence depended entirely on the king 's welfare . So when Henry II became critically wounded in an accident , they were no longer admitted at the Court . In the days that followed the accident the king called out repeatedly for their mistress , but Diane was never summoned to the royal chamber neither was they allowed to attend the funeral when the king died . Soon after Henry 's death , Catherine forced Diane to exchange Chenonceau for the much smaller Château de Chaumont . After taking possession of Chenonceau , Catherine embarked on a campaign of renovation which included the removal of all Diane 's influences . They made Chenonceau their favorite residence and tried to put their own mark on it . They landscaped the gardens , completed the construction of the arched bridge started by their predecessor and built a splendid ballroom that was first used for the inauguration of their son 's coronation , King Henry III .
[ 4 ] Louise de Lorraine , a Widow Stuck in Grief
When Catherine de Medici 's son ( Henri III ) was assassinated , the Château de Chenonceau passed to their widow , Louise de Lorraine . But the devastated Louise did n't care to make any improvements to the castle . Instead , they entered into a life of mourning , painting their bedchamber black and roaming the halls in dressed in white cloths , the color of royal mourning . After Louise de Lorraine 's death in 1601 the Chateau de Chenonceau lost its royal residence status , falling into total decay for over a century .
[ 5 ] Louise Dupin , a Clever Defender
The next woman who left their imprint on Chenonceau was Louise Dupin whose husband , Claude Dupin , acquired the château from the Duke of Bourbon in 1777 . They took a special interest in breathing life back into the castle and restoring it to its old time splendor . A woman of fine taste and great influence , Louise Dupin hosted many parties at the château inviting famous thinkers of the time , like Voltaire and Rousseau . But when the French Revolution threaten to destroy their beloved Chenonceau , Madame Dupin quickly hid the castle archives , covered the chapel with wood to conceal it and convinced the lawless crowds that the château bridge had to be spared as it was the only means across the river for many miles .
[ 6 ] Marguerite Pelouze , a Sad End
The daughter of a rich French entrepreneur , Madame Pelouze was the sixth and the last woman to leave a mark on the Château des Femmes . They began a restoration work on Chenonceau that would last for ten years . Them goal was to restore Chenonceau as it was in the 16th century under Diane de Poitiers .
They removed many of the changes made by Catherine de Medici and also planted two rows of trees along the drive leading to the château . They organized lavish parties at the château , entertaining famous guests like President Jules Grévy , and pianist Claude Debussy . But despite their great fortune , Marguerite Pelouze 's extravagant lifestyle resulted in the accumulation of a lot of debt , causing them to loose Chenonceau in 1888 .
In 1913 the Château de Chenonceau was finally bought by its present owners , the Meniers , a prominent family of chocolatiers who continued to restore and maintain the castle . Shortly after the Merniers bought the château , World War I started , so Chenonceau was turned into a military hospital for the duration of the war . During World War II , the gallery of the château played an important part in French Resistance , as the border between the occupied part of France was on the banks of the River Cher . As a result , the main entry of the castle was under the Germans and the exit at the other side of the gallery was under the French . Many people used this possibility to flee the occupied France .
And so goes the story of Chenonceau and the six memorable women who helped build up the fabulous château we know today .
An EU-Canada trade agreement will include controversial investor protection clauses , the EU 's new trade commissioner has confirmed .
Following a meeting in Berlin on Monday ( 10 November ) with Sigmar Gabriel , leader of the SPD and a minister in Angela Merkel 's coalition government , Cecilia Malmstrom said that only `` minor clarifications and adjustments '' could be made to the EU-Canada deal , known as CETA .
Trade officials have so far spent more than four years negotiating the draft text .
The investor protection clauses , known as investor state dispute settlement , have become the most controversial part of both CETA and the talks on a transatlantic trade and investment partnership , known as TTIP , with the US .
The centre-left Socialist and Democrat group , to which Gabriel 's SPD belongs , is conditioning its support for TTIP and CETA on the removal of investor protection clauses which , it says , could make it easier for companies to sue governments if legislation adversely affects their investments .
`` The chapter regarding investment protection is not approvable , '' Gabriel told deputies during a debate in the Bundestag in September .
However , despite telling MEPs at their parliament hearing last month that excluding ISDS from the EU-Canada deal could `` unravel the agreement '' , Malmstrom has left their options open on whether to include the clauses in TTIP .
Having been formally signed off by EU and Canadian leaders in September , CETA will be put in front of MEPs in 2015 , needing a parliamentary majority if it is to be successfully ratified .
Meanwhile , with the Greens and left-wing Gue group vocally opposed to the trade deals , both TTIP and CETA face an uncertain ratification process .
Campaign groups demanding that the Commission halt its work in negotiating free trade deals have also upped their activities in recent months .
On Monday the Stop TTIP coalition , composed of over 300 campaign groups from across Europe , filed a lawsuit against the European Commission to the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg in protest at the Commission 's refusal to accept their citizens ' initiative aimed at halting the trade talks .
In September the Commission refused to accept an anti-TTIP petition which campaign groups had wanted to be classified as a European Citizens ' Initiative ( ECI ) .
Under the Lisbon treaty , a petition must be signed by more than one million Europeans and relate to a piece of EU policy-making to be classified as an ECI .
The EU executive ruled that the petition was inadmissible as a citizens ' initiative because it did not relate to law or policy that is already in force .
Had the initiative been accepted it would have required the Commission to review its policy on the trade talks and to hold a public hearing in the European parliament .
Michael Efler , a member of the campaign group behind the initiative , said that the Commission 's position `` effectively prevents any future ECIs on international agreements “ .
`` When it comes to the negotiation of international treaties , the European Commission wants to exclude citizens . While they are being negotiated , people are told not to interfere and when final contracts are put on the table , it 's too late , '' they added .
A second anti-TTIP petition launched last month has now gathered more than 850,000 signatures .
This is a selected list of authors and works listed on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum . The Index was discontinued on June 14 , 1966 by Pope Paul VI . [ 1 ] [ better source needed ]
A complete list of the authors and writings present in the subsequent editions of the index are listed in J. Martinez de Bujanda , Index Librorum Prohibitorum , 1600–1966 , Geneva , 2002 .
The Index includes entries for single or multiple works by an author , all works by an author in a given genre or dealing with a given topic . The scope of the prohibition is defined by a Latin phrase in the Index :
Omnia opera dramatica : all plays
: all plays Omnes fabulae amatoriae : all novels , or romances
: all novels , or romances Opera omnia theologica : all theological works
: all theological works Opera omnia : all works ( see note below )
The Index includes entries banning all works of a particular writer . Most of these were inserted in the Index at a time when the Index itself stated that the prohibition of someone 's `` opera omnia '' ( all their works ) did not cover works whose contents did not concern religion and were not forbidden by the general rules of the Index , but this explanation was omitted in the 1929 edition , an omission that was officially interpreted in 1940 as meaning that thenceforth `` opera omnia '' covered all the author 's works without exception . [ 2 ]
List of authors and works in the final edition , with later additions [ edit ]
This is a selected list of the authors and works appearing in the final published edition of the Index in 1948 , with later additions until the Index was discontinued in 1966 .
Reversals and non-inclusions [ edit ]
There have been cases of reversal with respect to works that were on the Index , such as those of Nicolaus Copernicus and Galileo Galilei . The Inquisition 's ban on reprinting Galileo 's works was lifted in 1718 when permission was granted to publish an edition of their works ( excluding the condemned Dialogue ) in Florence . [ 3 ] In 1741 Pope Benedict XIV authorised the publication of an edition of Galileo 's complete scientific works [ 4 ] which included a mildly censored version of the Dialogue . [ 5 ] In 1758 the general prohibition against works advocating heliocentrism was removed from the Index of prohibited books , although the specific ban on uncensored versions of the Dialogue and Copernicus 's De Revolutionibus remained . [ 6 ] All traces of official opposition to heliocentrism by the church disappeared in 1835 when these works were finally dropped from the Index . [ 7 ]
Not on the Index were Aristophanes , Juvenal , John Cleland , James Joyce and D. H. Lawrence . According to Wallace et al. , this was because the primary criterion for banning the work was anticlericalism , blasphemy and heresy .
Some authors whose views are generally unacceptable to the Church ( e.g . Karl Marx ) were never put on the Index ; nor was Charles Darwin ( see Evolution and the Roman Catholic Church ) . [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Works that were included in the Index , and later removed , include :
Beacon results [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Yesterday we learned that Google will hold its first Project Ara developers conference on April 15-16 in Mountain View . The idea of a smartphone that can be continually upgraded as new parts arrive might sound like nothing more than a geek 's dream , but it 's about way more than that .
According to Google 's official Ara page , their goal with Ara is to ultimately make modern smartphone technology more accessible for the masses . In order to reach this lofty goal , Google 's Ara project head Paul Eremenko says that the device could go on sale sometime next year for as little as $ 50 — though keep in mind this price target could change .
Consumers could save up and slowly start add expanded functionality to Ara
Obviously a $ 50 start-price comes with a few caveats . First , the ‘ phone ' would be extremely basic with only Wi-Fi and extremely minimal storage and processing options , just to get it into the hands of consumers that ca n't afford a high price tag . The idea is that the buyer could then save up and slowly start adding expanded functionality to the device such as cellular connectivity , an improved camera , more storage and a faster CPU/GPU .
Aside from revealing Google 's plans to make the barrier of entry as low as possible , Eremenko also reveals that Ara will hopefully be no more than 10mm thick ( with modules attached ) and will come in at least three different sizes : mini , medium and jumbo .
For those wondering how exactly the modules will stay in place so they do n't fall off in your pocket or right while your using the device , Google plans to lock front modules through latches and back ones through electropermanent magnets . Unlocking a module requires you to use a special app within the phone , however .
There 's no denying that the idea of Project Ara still sounds a little impractical and out of reach , even if it is also really cool at the same time . Of course , with Google behind it , we suppose just about anything is possible . We are certainly intrigued by the project and will continue to keep an eye out on this one . What do you think , impressed by Ara ? Or do you feel It 's nothing more than a pipedream that wo n't work out as well as we hope ?
The House Democratic leader , Nancy Pelosi , has called for the US attorney general to resign over their links to Russia . Will he ?
What happened ?
It has been revealed by the Washington Post that Jeff Sessions , the US attorney general , met Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak on two occasions last year . The first meeting occurred when Kislyak was one of a group of ambassadors to approach Sessions as they were leaving the podium at an event at the Republican National Convention in July . The second incident – in September – was a private meeting held in the then-senator 's office . That meeting took place as US intelligence officials were investigating Russian interference in the presidential election .
Sessions did not disclose the conversations when asked under oath during their Senate confirmation hearing in early 2017 about possible contacts between Trump 's campaign and Moscow .
Why is this important ?
The report raises the question of whether Sessions , the nation 's top law enforcement official and a key member of the Trump administration , lied under oath during their confirmation hearing .
Trump associates ' links with Russia : what we know so far Read more
Intense pressure over the revelations has led them to recuse themselves from the FBI 's ongoing investigation into the Trump campaign 's interactions with Russia , amid accusations that they would face a conflict of interest , and has strengthened calls for a special and fully independent prosecutor to take over the investigation .
The FBI director , Jim Comey , is leading the inquiry , and had been reporting to Sessions , who would have had the power to influence the depth of the investigation and decide on whether criminal charges were ultimately brought against any individuals .
In a wider sense , the development reopens the debate about Russia 's alleged influence over and contacts with Trump officials , just as Trump was basking in the praise of political allies and some pundits for their first address to Congress . Less than a month ago , Michael Flynn , Trump 's national security adviser , was fired when it emerged that they had misled the vice-president , Mike Pence , about conversations they had had with Kislyak .
Could these meetings have been entirely appropriate ?
Yes . Sessions was a senior member of the Senate armed services committee and their spokesperson has said that , in that capacity , they had more than 25 conversations with foreign ambassadors . But the Washington Post asked all 26 members of the Senate armed services committee at that time whether they , too , had met with Kislyak . Of the 20 senators who responded , each said they had not had any such meeting .
Did Sessions lie under oath ?
Nancy Pelosi , the House Democratic leader , is in no doubt . “ After lying under oath to Congress about their own communications with the Russians , the attorney general must resign , ” they said .
But unnamed White House officials cited by the Washington Post say Sessions did not consider their conversations with Kislyak to be relevant to the questions posed to them in their confirmation hearing and that they did not remember the nature of their discussions with the ambassador .
As part of their confirmation , Sessions was also asked in written form whether they had had any contact with “ any part of the Russian government about the 2016 election ” , to which they answered : “ No. ” If Sessions and Kislyak did not discuss the election , that answer would be truthful .
Has Sessions been suspected of having Russia ties before ?
Not really . Several other Trump campaign and administration officials have had contacts with Russia , which you can read about here . But Sessions was a controversial appointment because of vehemently denied accusations of racism , not due to any alleged ties to Russia .
Who is Sergey Kislyak ?
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sergey Kislyak , Russia 's ambassador to the US . Photograph : Cliff Owen/AP
The Russian ambassador has been paid a lot of attention by US intelligence and FBI officials . According to their official biography , Kislyak has served in the Russian foreign ministry for four decades . They also served as ambassador to Belgium , permanent representative of Russia to Nato , and as deputy foreign minister . They are considered by US intelligence sources to be a top Russian spy-recruiter in Washington , according to CNN , which cited unnamed US officials .
What happens now ?
There are at least three known investigations into the Trump officials ' alleged ties and communication with Russia . They are being led by the FBI and the two congressional intelligence committees . Now that Sessions has stepped back from involvement in the FBI investigation , it will probably give the FBI director , James Comey , more freedom to pursue the investigation without the interference or involvement of Sessions , a Trump appointee . It also means that Comey will probably have more freedom to determine what information to release publicly and whether to bring charges against any individual .
But the “ giant ” galaxy we 're seeing , the one with the two huge , distended arms , actually extends even farther than we can see in this image . Thanks to ultraviolet light as seen by NASA 's GALEX spacecraft , we now know that this galaxy is the largest ( in terms of physical size ) spiral galaxy discovered so far in the Universe .
Here 's a fun example : there are a few galaxies in this picture , and one of them is pretty comparable to the Milky Way . That would be the spiral on the right of the image : IC 4970 , the one that 's gravitationally interacting with its behemoth of a neighbor .
So , if we look out at the galaxies in our Universe — and preferentially select the largest ones — what do we find ?
You see , what we wind up with wo n't be an even bigger , more impressive spiral than our own , but rather a giant elliptical galaxy ! Before we get into the reasons why we 'll become an elliptical rather than a spiral , let 's remember that we 're doing science here , and that looking at one or two isolated examples is n't going to cut it . If we want to accurately know what happens in the Universe , we need to look at the full suite of what we can see , and draw our conclusions from that .
And believe it or not , the type of galaxy it will create holds a clue to answering Doug 's question .
This makes sense ; it 's called the local group for a reason : because everything in it is gravitationally bound to us ! In another few billion years , Andromeda , the Milky Way , the Triangulum Galaxy and all the other small galaxies in our group will merge together , creating one solitary giant galaxy .
Of course , the reason Andromeda appears so large in our skies is because of a combination of two factors :
As it turns out , the Milky Way is n't the largest spiral out there , not by a long shot . And neither is Andromeda , the biggest galaxy by angular size in our sky .
This is the plane of our galaxy , viewed edge-on from our point of view inside of it . And it 's huge , containing hundreds of billions of stars across a span 100,000 light-years in diameter . But what about galaxies much larger than ours ? Surely we 're not so remarkable , are we ? That 's the subject of this week 's Ask Ethan question , which comes courtesy of Doug Watts :
When you look out at the night sky from a dark site , sure , you might see stars , planets , and even faint clusters and nebulae with your naked eye . But if you truly have dark skies and no Moon littering the sky , there 's one spectacle that should dominate all the others in scale and scope : the grandiose Milky Way itself !
This is the galaxy NGC 6872 , which , at 522,000 light-years across , is the largest known spiral in the Universe . Now , there may be larger spirals out there , and we 've only identified this one because it 's “ just ” a little over 200 million light-years away . Still , it 's significantly more massive than either the Milky Way or Andromeda ( or the two galaxies combined , for that matter ) , it 's much larger in terms of physical size , and as far as we can tell , it 's very unlikely for a spiral to get much larger than this .
But there are plenty of galaxies that dwarf this one : they just all happen to be elliptical galaxies !
Image credit : NASA / Hubble , Wikisky snapshot tool , via Wikimedia Commons user Friendlystar .
Even if we just look to the Virgo Cluster , the nearest large cluster of galaxies to us , we find that its largest galaxy is Messier 87 , which is about a million light-years in diameter at its greatest extent and contains — hang on — many trillions of stars and up to two hundred times the mass of our galaxy in total !
In other words , this somewhat common type of galaxy — a run-of-the-mill large elliptical — completely dwarfs the largest known spiral . And if we look to even larger ellipticals , things only get worse by comparison !
Image credit : David A. Aguilar ( CfA ) .
The galaxy above is IC 1101 , the largest single identified galaxy in the Universe , so far . At 1.07 billion light-years distant , it contains about 100 trillion stars , or almost a thousand times as many as the Milky Way does , with a total mass of a quadrillion ( 10^15 ) solar masses and a size estimate of 5-to-6 million light-years across .
Compared to the largest known spiral , then , the largest known elliptical contains :
almost 100 times as many stars ,
approximately a few hundred times the total mass , and
is about 10 times the physical size in each of their largest directions .
So what Doug notes is true !
Image credit : ESO and Digitized Sky Survey 2 . Acknowledgment : Davide De Martin . Via http : //www.eso.org/public/images/eso0949m/ .
There are plenty of galaxies out there in the Universe — normally at the centers of giant clusters — that are literally many hundreds to a thousand times the mass of our Milky Way , but none of them are spirals ! For example , the large , bright spiral in the lower right of the Fornax cluster image , above , may be almost the same physical size as the most massive galaxy towards the upper left , but it 's not even the mass of Andromeda , while the giant elliptical is many times Andromeda 's total mass .
So why do spirals , so to speak , “ crap out ” above a certain size ? To understand this , let 's watch a simulation of how a spiral galaxy forms , while I describe the steps it takes to you .
In the early Universe , shortly after the Big Bang , the tiny regions that are born with slightly more matter-and-energy than others begin preferentially attracting matter , through the gravitational force , to them . Eventually , enough matter is attracted that these gas clumps collapse , leading to star formation and forming star clusters . These clusters are part of a larger structure — an asymmetric structure — that collapses in the shortest direction first to form a disk . This disk accretes more and more matter , collecting all of the clusters in its vicinity , and develops a spiral-like structure due to density waves . And over time , the small-to-midsize clusters that merge with it get funneled into the galactic core , retaining a spiral structure .
That 's the end of this simulation , and the end of this part of the story . This is very likely what happened to our Milky Way , to Andromeda , and to pretty much all of the other spirals we see . A large cloud of gas gravitationally collapsed , “ pancaked , ” and rotated . The density waves due to instabilities in the disk created the spiral pattern , and it remained a spiral because there was no catastrophic even that destroyed that structure .
But the very process that would cause a larger galaxy to come about — merging with one or more other large galaxies — is the very process that would destroy the spiral structure we 're looking for !
Image credit : NASA , ESA , the Hubble Heritage Team ( STScI/AURA ) -ESA/Hubble Collaboration and A. Evans ( University of Virginia , Charlottesville/NRAO/Stony Brook University ) , K. Noll ( STScI ) , and J. Westphal ( Caltech ) .
This is pretty much universally what we see : isolated galaxies that never underwent a huge , major merger are relatively undisturbed spirals . Galaxies undergoing on at present are tremendously disrupted with large amounts of active star formation , and galaxies that we see coming off a recent one go through a process of settling into a final , elliptical state once the starburst phase ends .
Image credit : Mark Whittle , via https : //www.astro.virginia.edu/class/whittle/astr553/Topic12/Lecture_12.html .
If we wanted two large galaxies to merge together and remain a spiral , they 'd need an awfully serendipitous ( i.e. , a very statistically unlikely ) initial configuration of how they were oriented and rotating relative to one another . The more mergers we get , and in particular the more major mergers we get , the more likely we are to destroy that spiral structure and wind up with an elliptical instead .
There are even a few galaxies that appear to be hybrids of spirals and ellipticals , and it 's thought that they come about when you have what I think of as a “ semi-major merger ” , where a large galaxy merges with a still-significant-but-smaller galaxy to create a partial elliptical structure , but the original spiral remains somewhat intact .
Image credit : X-ray : NASA/CXC/SAO ; Optical : Rolf Olsen ; Infrared : NASA/JPL-Caltech .
And that 's why the largest spiral galaxy in the Universe is n't so big after all , and that the bigger galaxies get through mergers , the more likely they are to become giant ellipticals instead of spirals ! Thanks for a great question , Doug , and I hope this answer satisfies your curiosity , and teaches you why the bigger a galaxy becomes , the less likely it is to remain a spiral .
If you 've got a question you 'd like to have answered , send in your questions and suggestions here , and you just might find yourself the subject of the next Ask Ethan !
Of the more than 400 judges sitting on the Los Angeles County Superior Court , there is a very small handful of manifestly bad ones . Some may be presiding over courtrooms because of ill-considered appointments by the governor , but let 's be frank -– they 're at least as likely to be there because as lawyers they took their case to the voters , dreamed up impressive-sounding but completely unofficial job titles like `` gang murder prosecutor , '' bought their way onto one of those slick , official-looking mailers like the ones that will begin to arrive in our mailboxes in the next couple of weeks , and got elected .
Several years ago , Los Angeles County came very close to seeing a white supremacist elected to the bench . William Johnson was the author of a 1986 book that lays out a plan for revoking the citizenship of all nonwhite Americans . In 2008 , they were a candidate in a two-person race for a seat on the Los Angeles County Superior Court , and could easily have won had their racist views not been brought to light by the Metropolitan News-Enterprise .
Voters did indeed remove a well-qualified judge , Dzintra Janavs , in favor of a bagel shop owner who had not practiced law in years . There is a similar race this year , in which wine importer Stepan Baghdassarian is challenging sitting judge James Kaddo .
It 's also the case that some of the court 's best judges got there by being elected . So how is a voter to separate the good judicial candidates from the bad ones ?
It 's not an easy task . Voters can ( and too often do ) pick the names or ballot titles that sound most appealing , the way some people pick lottery numbers . That approach will give them exactly the judges they deserve – but unfortunately it will also foist those hit-or-miss judges on all of Los Angeles County 's 10 million people , including those who seek justice in a lawsuit , a child custody hearing , a rape prosecution , a request for a restraining order , or any of the other proceedings in which judges have enormous power over the lives and property of people who never expected to end up in court .
Or voters can skip the judicial races altogether . It 's an understandable option , but a disappointing one . Judges will indeed be elected in each race , and not weighing in means leaving the choice to the voters who are swayed by the campaign mail or the lawn signs .
The better option is to get educated about the job and the candidates , and make a choice . It 's a difficult task . Rarely are there candidate forums for judicial races , so there are few chances to compare candidates or ask them questions . There is little news reporting about judges or judicial races , so reliable and evenhanded information is scarce .
Other jurisdictions do things differently . In federal courts , for example , lifetime appointments are made by the president and confirmed by the Senate . Voters do not get a say . The other extreme can be seen in states like Pennsylvania , Ohio and North Carolina , where special interests and political parties vie for control of the judiciary with multimillion-dollar contributions and hard-hitting campaigns .
California has a hybrid system . The governor appoints most judges to fill out the unexpired terms of predecessors who have retired or otherwise left the bench . Then they come up for election by voters to full six-year terms . But if no one files to run against them , they are deemed elected . Their names do n't even appear on the ballot .
The only judicial races that voters see are those in which a sitting judge has been challenged or candidates compete for vacant seats that the governor has not gotten around to filling .
Even that is too much for some observers , who note that voters often pick candidates because of ballot titles like `` Child molestation prosecutor '' for a deputy district attorney . Surely , they argue , we 'd do better with an all-appointed bench .
But states are not the federal government , and there is a difference between confirmation by the U.S. Senate and confirmation by the California Senate , whose members are term-limited and not always of the same stature as their federal counterparts .
California 's system may be the best of many less-than-perfect choices .
`` The California system is n't perfect but it 's better than others , '' California Chief Justice Tani Cantil-Sakauye recently told The Times editorial board . `` You get to vote whether or not your vote 's correct , you 're right , wrong , good judgment , bad judgment . Your vote is your highest expression of being able to live free in a country that permits you to express your opinion . So in that regard , it 's the best system . ''
Dawn Porter is a filmmaker whose documentary `` Trapped `` premiered at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival , where it won a special jury prize for social impact filmmaking . `` Trapped '' is currently streaming on PBS.org
If you 've never been to an abortion clinic , here 's what you can expect : Protesters outside will gather as close to the clinics as state laws allow , some right outside the door . Their voices grow louder the closer you get to the clinic . Your jaw will tense for the few minutes it takes for the clinic staff to unlock the door after they assess you through the security cameras . You will check over your shoulder many times before you are safely inside .
The first time I visited an abortion clinic in Jackson , Miss. , I made my way through the protesters holding photos of smiling black babies next to gruesome photos of purported botched abortions . They told me they were praying for me .
Back in 2012 , I was n't aware that abortion clinics across America were struggling to stay open — fighting a losing battle against laws enacted by anti-choice governments . Once I read that there was only one clinic open in the entire state of Mississippi , I decided to make a film . I spent three years filming at abortion clinics in Alabama , Mississippi and Texas , documenting the struggle of the clinics to comply with regulations commonly known as TRAP laws . While I was shooting , the Supreme Court agreed to hear a challenge to the laws , but such cases take time , and while the lawyers battled in court , the clinics struggled to stay open .
One of those clinics , Whole Women 's Health , brought the case that the Supreme Court ruled on Monday morning , overturning the restrictions there for placing unconstitutional obstacles for women seeking abortions . Like so many other people around the country , I closely watched the Internet for news on the ruling all morning Monday . When it came out , I could feel myself start to cry .
[ How Ruth Bader Ginsburg just won the next abortion fight ]
Making a film about abortion triggered every emotion possible for me . Hearing women tell me through tears that they would love to have another child if only they could feed the one they have broken my heart . Listening to white protesters tell me that as a black woman , I am a disgrace to my race for being pro-choice made my face flush with rage . Walking through lines of angry men shouting at me to repent terrified me . And all of it made me wonder how we got here . The answer is a coordinated political campaign . And it is one we should study .
In 2013 , Texas passed HB2 , a sweeping law regulating abortion clinics and providers . HB2 was based on model legislation drafted by Americans United For Life , an anti-abortion group that has been fighting to overturn Roe v. Wade for decades . The law banned abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy , required doctors to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic providing the procedure and mandated that abortion facilities meet the standards of ambulatory surgical centers .
Texas legislators claimed that HB2 was passed to protect women 's health and safety , even though studies show only .03 percent of abortions result in injuries requiring emergency transfer to a hospital . In fact , the far greater danger to women 's health was the dramatic closure of abortion clinics . In Texas , 54 percent of pregnancies are unintended . It has refused to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act and does not provide sex education in schools .
TRAP laws decimated access to safe medical abortion . Overnight , Texas , a state with 5.4 million women of reproductive age , suddenly found itself with fewer than 10 abortion clinics . For some women , an unwanted pregnancy became a true health hazard . This was evident in places like McAllen , Tex. , a Mexican border town that is home to many undocumented women . After HB2 went into effect , the only clinic in the region , Whole Women 's Health of McAllen , shut down twice before the Supreme Court granted an emergency stay allowing the clinic to resume seeing patients .
In McAllen , the clinic operator told me that while the clinic was closed , they received calls from women desperate for an abortion . One woman listed the contents in their medicine cabinet , asking if the clinic could tell them how to self-abort .
In fact , a study from the University of Texas revealed that attempts at self-abortion spiked across the state , with between 100,000 and 240,000 women trying to terminate their own pregnancies since the law went into effect .
[ Being a doctor who performs abortions means you always fear your life is in danger ]
The stories I heard left a lasting impression on me — I will never forget the faces of the women and girls I met . The women who told me they sold their possessions to afford an abortion ; the 11-year-old the clinic suspected was a victim of incest ; the 13-year-old who was gang-raped and traveled hundreds of miles for an abortion only to be turned away because the clinic did not have a nurse to put them to sleep during the procedure .
Through it all , the clinic workers continue to field death threats , receive packages with suspicious powders and check under their cars for bombs . I 've seen what real courage looks like : It is working at a clinic like the one in Colorado where three people were killed by a man shouting about “ baby parts. ” It is going into work at a clinic the very next day , because the abortion providers , doctors , clinic owners and caring and dedicated support staff at clinics across America refuse to give up despite an incredibly hostile environment . Their determination and resilience even in the face of very real danger is something I will always remember .
Read more :
Indiana 's new abortion law wo n't save babies . It will only make my patients suffer .
Everyone agrees women who have abortions should n't be penalized . Or do they ?
The Supreme Court 's Texas ruling reignites a debate over facts
Society & Culture Oliver Stone 's American History : ‘ We 're Not Under Threat . We Are the Threat ' By
“ When I studied the untold history , one thing that really hit me hard was the history of our involvement in the Middle East . ”
James Reinl , Middle East Eye
Waking Times Media
American controversies are Oliver Stone 's forte .
The Hollywood movie director has turned their cameras on the assassination of John F Kennedy , the Vietnam War and the 9/11 attacks .
But , when researching their television series , The Untold History of the United States , it was American exploits in the Middle East that left them with the most lasting impression , they told Middle East Eye on Wednesday .
“ When I studied the untold history , one thing that really hit me hard was the history of our involvement in the Middle East , ” Stone said .
“ It was a nefarious involvement . ”
Stone traces Washington 's hand in the region back to the 1930s , but they say it reached a peak when President George HW Bush sent hundreds of thousands of US troops to liberate Kuwait after the Iraqi invasion of 1990 .
The Soviet Union had recently collapsed and the region was wide open to a lone superpower , they said .
“ We never got out of there . Once we were in , we 're in forever , ” Stone said .
“ We 've destabilised the entire region , created chaos . And then we blame ISIS for the chaos we created , ” they added , referring to the Islamic State ( IS ) group that now rules swathes of Iraq and Syria .
Stone researched and wrote the series and book with Peter Kuznick , a scholar at the American University who specialises in the US nuclear strikes on Japan that ended the Second World War .
“ It 's all about the oil . You remember the bumper sticker : What is our oil doing under their sand ? ” Kuznick told MEE .
Washington 's hunger for fuel underpins its alliance with Saudi Arabia , the CIA-backed coup against Iranian prime minister Mohammad Mosaddegh in 1953 and its support for anti-Soviet religious militants in Afghanistan in the 1980s , they said .
“ We create these messes , then we have a grand military plan to solve them . And the military solutions just do n't work , ” they said .
The views of Stone and Kuznick are not likely to raise eyebrows on the streets of Cairo , Moscow or Paris .
But in the US they are not mainstream .
The way Stone tells it , Americans live in a bubble and are spoon-fed information by a school system , politicians and a media that portrays the US as a beacon of stability and a force for good in the world .
In one famous example , former President Ronald Reagan called the US a “ shining city on a hill ” .
“ It 's very comforting to be an American , ” Stone said .
“ You get the sense that you are safe and have prosperity of material goods , and that you have enemies everywhere – Russia , China , Iran and North Korea .
“ You get into this cocoon where you have a big country , two oceans , but that you 're always under threat . ”
Stone says they understand this well because they lived it himself .
They were raised in New York , the son of a Republican stockbroker , Louis Stone . They were always creative – they often wrote short plays to entertain their family – but never questioned how their history teachers puffed up the US , they said .
“ I had only gotten a part of the story , which emphasised American exceptionalism , America as a selfless and beneficial country to the world , ” they said .
In 1967 , Stone volunteered to fight in the US Army and served in Vietnam . They were wounded twice and was honoured with a Bronze Star for heroism and a Purple Heart for their service .
“ I came back from Vietnam puzzled , completely confused about what was going on there , ” they said .
“ But I did get a heavy dose of the doublespeak , the militarese talk . ”
They started asking questions and reading up on “ progressive history ” at the same time as they studied filmmaking at New York University under Martin Scorsese and other teachers , they said .
These ideas fed their politically orientated filmmaking in the 1980s .
Salvador ( 1986 ) was set in a 1980s war in Central America . Platoon ( 1986 ) , Stone 's directorial breakthrough movie , dramatised a young soldier 's tour of duty in Vietnam , starring Charlie Sheen .
They continued probing that war in Born on the Fourth of July ( 1989 ) , starring Tom Cruise . JFK ( 1991 ) showed their conspiracy theories about the former president 's killing ; movies such as Nixon ( 1995 ) and W ( 2008 ) tackled subsequent commanders-in-chief .
The release of their movie about NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has been delayed until 2016 , they said .
They have also interviewed foreign statesmen who defy Washington – from the Cuban revolutionary Fidel Castro to the ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and Russian President Vladimir Putin .
The Untold History of the United States , a 10-part documentary series and a 750-page book , offers Americans an alternate perspective on US history from the Second World War through the Cold War to the present day .
Stone says they want to counter the “ educational crime ” of misleading American schoolchildren .
“ American exceptionalism has to be driven out of our curriculums , ” they said .
“ We 're not under threat . We are the threat . ”
This article ( Oliver Stone 's American History : ‘ We 're Not under Threat . We Are the Threat ' ) was originally created and published by Middle East Eye .
~~ Help To wake Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with friends and family…
Dead Nation : Apocalypse Edition for PS4 Revealed Ahead of March 2014 's PlayStation Plus Details
When Dead Nation on PS4 was rumored to be a part of the March 2014 PlayStation Plus free games , it seemed weird because there had so far been no news about the existence of Dead Nation on PS4 .
Well , one day before the March 2014 PS+ free games in North America and Europe are expected to be revealed , the PlayStation Blog Asia has listed Dead Nation : Apocalypse Edition as the free PS4 game for PlayStation Plus members starting on March 6th ( it would be free on March 4th in NA , March 5th in EU ) .
With Housemarque behind Dead Nation , and also the ones who teased something Dead Nation-related on PS4 previously , they 've been getting lots of questions over on their Twitter account . Keeping the teasing going , they said , “ Hold your horses , we 'll have all the answers you want in the next 24/48h , and not much before that . ”
In addition , Housemarque confirmed that the PlayStation Vita port of Dead Nation has n't been cancelled , so we may hear more about that this week as well .
When the March 2014 PS+ free games in North America and Europe are revealed , we 'll let you know all about them .
Would you be happy with Dead Nation : Apocalypse Edition as the PS+ free game on PS4 in March ? Let us know in the comments below .
[ Via ]
Battle.net Issues Reports The Latest outage , problems and issue reports in social media :
Pidia P ( @ pidia_p ) reported an hour ago So glad I waited all this time to defeat Jaina only to be unable to complete The King 's Death @ BlizzardCS Please fix this quest !
Serkac ( @ SerkacTheInsane ) reported 4 hours ago @ BlizzardCS There 's server issues preventing the Show-Off World Quest from completing correctly .
ɘnyЯ ( @ rynegm ) reported 4 hours ago @ BlizzardCS Still not working , I appreciate your help .
♊︎ ( @ la_natheda ) reported 8 hours ago @ BlizzardCS im on xbox overwatch , for months now on mercy theres been a bug where allies souls can be flown to through walls but when you activate ga on them it cancels immediately . ive seen it reported in forums but It 's still in game and its really annoying , pls fix
Ron Fairley ( @ ron_fairley ) reported 17 hours ago @ BlizzardCS The LAG is back getting lag spikes of 10-15 seconds would really like to know how anyone is playing HC this season annoying enough for me getting DC 'd from bounty runs from this crap Please you can do better then this even in maintaining mode .
ShawtyFreeman ( @ toneykuko ) reported yesterday @ BlizzardCS They need to fix Diablo that raggady ass no maps , butterfly wings fagget ass game , butterfly wings really wtf you Devas * * * * are something
! Boggle ( @ JonnyNEHusker ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS I just keep getting the following errors . BLZ51901016 and BLZBNTBNA000003E8 None of your website directions are helpful .
Paige Weller ( @ paige82weller ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS something is wrong with the Worgen quest battle for gilneas . Can u please fix the glitch or bug ASAP please
Darren M. Gustin ( @ iTzDemonizer ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS We have done both already . I looked to make sure it wasnt a maintenance problem as well . I 'm not sure what else to do .
mafeni mase ( @ celebritymase ) reported 2 days ago @ AskPS_UK @ CallofDuty @ BlizzardCS i am unable to download latest BO4 patch on PS4 . Keeps giving me error nw 31194-8 . I have tried all fixes possible to no avail .
mafeni mase ( @ celebritymase ) reported 2 days ago @ PlayStationEU @ CallofDuty @ BlizzardCS i am unable to download latest BO4 patch on PS4 . Keeps giving me error nw 31194-8 . I have tried all fixes possible to no avail .
mafeni mase ( @ celebritymase ) reported 2 days ago @ CallofDuty @ BlizzardCS i am unable to download latest BO4 patch on PS4 . Keeps giving me error nw 31194-8 . I have tried all fixes possible to no avail .
mafeni mase ( @ celebritymase ) reported 2 days ago @ ATVIAssist @ BlizzardCS i am unable to download latest BO4 patch on PS4 . Keeps giving me error nw 31194-8 . I have tried all fixes possible to no avail .
Phil 🇨🇦 ( @ PKJ__ ) reported 2 days ago Pretty sure someone hacked my Blizzard ( Battlenet ) account . Ca n't login and not getting verification codes to login @ BlizzardCS
Phil 🇨🇦 ( @ PKJ__ ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS I need help . Pretty sure someone has tried to hack my Blizzard account and I can not login
Billy Saggytits ( @ b_saggytits ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS so tonight I had a problem with my BO4 and I ended up rebuying it and it did n't work . Told costumer support , and they gave me a refund . I just want to say thank you , I had a terrible day and knowing that I 'm gon na get my money back was great . So thank you a ton ! !
Posty™ New Year - New Rules ( @ Postsemreh ) reported 2 days ago @ Avaltor05 @ MVP_MissCheetah @ BlizzardCS Agreed ! And more and more decent people are staying away to avoid the miscreants , so unless they fix this it will continue to be an issue that damages the game .
neoecks at StarrCast ( @ theneoecks ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS Yea in the starting screen to find a server , it would lag , or totally lose the server
Mateus ( @ SausageAssault ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS and judging by the posts on the forums this problem is happening to a lot of people as well - I 've been in lobbies with 6 people for 30 minutes without the game mode starting . ( 2 )
seba ( @ Viajerolugo ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS No it 's another issue I have
Gary Muppet ( @ GaryMuppet ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS @ PlayOverwatch love the new map , but please fix the audio glitch introduced with the update . No elimination sounds . 😕
Avinash Shankar ( @ avinashshankar0 ) reported 2 days ago @ BlizzardCS I had a similar issue , I was streaming via twitch and everything is connected . In addition , Last week 's tokens came through without a problem . However , 0 tokens have been deposited since the start of week two and I have watched all the matches . : (
Not Me ( @ takesdumps ) reported 3 days ago @ BlizzardCS Hello , I have Cox for my ISP and my PlayStation 4 keeps giving lc-202 error and will not fully log into game . It shows its Entering Game than stalls and gives the error code . This has been happening for over 12 hours now . I am able to play other ps4 games online .
Zachh ( @ dirtydvamain ) reported 3 days ago Not only can they not fix the * * * * * * * ranked system in overwatch but they ca n't even let me * * * * * * * log in @ BlizzardCS
Jennifer Castillo ( @ Casper5145 ) reported 3 days ago @ BlizzardCS @ dirtydvamain I have the same problem . And I also went through everything on the link , and it 's still not working .
shatha ( @ mshmoshkili ) reported 3 days ago @ BlizzardCSEU_EN @ BlizzardCS @ PlayOverwatch @ overwatchleague like i honestly dont understand why you underestimate a huge portion of players that are trying desperately to reach out to you regarding the league tokens issue , We are n't recieving any tokens any more from watching .
Carlos Nieto Herrera ( @ HotJoint ) reported 3 days ago @ BlizzardCS For God Sake , fix the god damn lag ! Weeks and weeks with this problem ...
Frank studwell ( @ _Frank_Ray ) reported 3 days ago @ BlizzardCS just had an error saying unable to connect to server . Re opened overwatch and now I 'm banned . The game never even launched it ! I got the error as soon as I clicked on comp play .
Ashley Bruno ( @ ajbruno ) reported 3 days ago @ BlizzardCS Overwatch East servers are having issues ; not hearing ult lines or certain animations due to dropped packets . This has been going on for a few days ; please investigate .
stefan badstuebner ( @ stefanBad ) reported 3 days ago @ BlizzardCS Okay , I can play season 16 ( no problem ; except client freezes upon initial start , must terminate client and relaunch-sorry about Segway ) anyway when I try to access my profile thru Chrome I get the ‘ 500 ' code . I 've had that battle tag for years ...
Deuce Wayne ( @ TwoFirstNames85 ) reported 3 days ago @ ATVI_AB @ Blizzard_Ent @ BlizzardCS been an amazing 19 years . will be uninstalling my final blizzard product as of now due to complete lack of customer service or support on an ongoing issue in which support chooses to ignore and brush off to the forums where it can be ignored
Ibrahim 🏳️‍🌈⃠ ( @ Kingdubs01 ) reported 3 days ago @ BlizzardCS I know it 's not an issue on my side because multiple people are having the same problem and I 've done everything to try to solve it so please check the servers
xenonymy ( @ xenonymy ) reported 3 days ago @ BlizzardCS i 'm having an issue where overwatch wo n't load in on my xbox , it just gets stuck loading at the loading preferences screen
Elko ( @ elkodale38 ) reported 4 days ago @ IaM_Anna07 @ BlizzardCS I have had this issue , literally it will fix itself since it 's their servers causing it
# WOKEN נαcк αяcнεя ( @ TheJackArcher ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS The issue is still going . I see from the forums that this is affecting others as well . It wont allow the game to start nor remain unless full teams are had on both sides .
stefan badstuebner ( @ stefanBad ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS profile not available : theBaron # 1728 500 Internal Server Error An error occurred . Please try again later . Error ID : HYQV6
Nicolas tallchief ( @ bop8687 ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS I have to overwatch disc and every time I try to login it says to overwatch trial has ended please buy overwatch when I already have overwatched on disc please help
Chris Blazy ( @ Mjollnir86 ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS Shout out to your customer service rep Chamerrust , was a big help !
Kevin Hewicker ( @ Knightmaster452 ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS The update is what causes the problem
Kevin Hewicker ( @ Knightmaster452 ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS Did n't work . Looks like adapter issues due to Microsoft Update : (
Brandon Urbina ( @ BrandonU22 ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS I did n't seem to have any issues playing yesterday ! 😁
Skye ( @ DeathOfTonight ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS @ BlizzardCS so , I am still having issues after taking a break . I 've never had to setup port forwarding before , so I 'd rather not go that route because honestly I do n't know what I 'm doing with that . I checked the forums and saw someone else having the same issue .
Tania McComb ( @ DrkRav3n ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS having trouble loading my characters gets to half way when loading the character in game then freezes how do I fix it
DJ Fresh1 ( @ Fresh1 ) reported 4 days ago Man @ BlizzardCS OW is so broken right now , at least for Junk on PS4 . Sound off or lag , no notification on kills , def lag .
coffee bean ( @ directoryoongi ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS @ PlayOverwatch are too busy focusing on hyping their league than making the game playable to casual/non pros . Ypu dont do anything to fix it . The last `` '' '' thing '' '' '' you did to fix was endorsements which , lbr , dont work . They 're cute and that 's it .
🍑Peachy Shark🦈 ( @ __MAKKOH__ ) reported 4 days ago @ Timpressive2 @ BlizzardCS I am having the same issues and also live in Las Vegas . : ( I have n't found a solution yet .
EJT ( @ TrulySouless ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS @ PlayOverwatch i 've submitted multiple tickets about the issue of not receiving my top 500 player icon and if i ca n't get a definitive yes or no answer soon i 'm probably just going to uninstall a game i love .
Nekki Basara ( @ Simio_pensador ) reported 4 days ago Impossible to play against Reaper in low elo . Game is broken , fix that @ BlizzardCS @ PlayOverwatch @ Stylosa @ MrMuselk # OverwatchLeague # OverwatchOriginsEdition
Britten Harkness ( @ BrittenHarkness ) reported 4 days ago @ B_KeyOn92 @ BlizzardCS Basically do n't use OWL app or online . Seems like blizzard does n't want backlash , but owl app and site are broken and not providing points . Tested the theory out with my husbands laptop on owl site with ad block off , and with mine on twitch . I earned point , they did not .
Centric ( @ CentricJDM ) reported 4 days ago @ BlizzardCS I can press ” LOGIN ” but the same thing happens
LOS ANGELES—Either deploying a brilliant strategy to spur excitement for their forthcoming adaptation of The Hobbit or completely losing their grip on reality , filmmaker Peter Jackson told reporters Sunday about the many hobbits with whom they enjoy personal friendships .
`` It was such a delight to return to the Shire and work with all my marvelous hobbit friends again , '' said Jackson , who may have been introducing a daring new kind of marketing campaign or may have experienced a major psychotic break . `` These are the guys I spent years with when we were making The Lord Of The Rings , so we 're almost like family at this point . ''
Advertisement
`` Bilbo , of course , is as hale as ever , and seeing Frodo for a couple days was a rare treat , '' an enthusiastic Jackson either playfully or chillingly told members of the Hollywood press . `` They 're my little best friends . ''
When asked to clarify how their two-part Hobbit series would differ from the original book , the Academy Award winner immediately answered that it would have `` many , many more hobbits . '' Jackson , whether going totally off the deep end or making a bold attempt to generate press for their films , went on to speak of their affection and deep respect for Blandroot Took , Summerstorm Bolger , Hardtoe Gamwich , and numerous other members of the completely fictional race first imagined in the 1930s by author J.R.R . Tolkien .
A question about what it was like to work with actor Sir Ian Holm again was met with scowling silence until a reporter reworded the question , referring to Holm as `` Bilbo . ''
Advertisement
`` I have a few [ hobbits ] at my house right now , '' said Jackson , continuing their brilliant publicity coup or alarming disconnect from reality . `` There 's dear old Primrose Brandybuck , the finest potter north of Sackville , and Clotho Proudfoot , the baker , who is simply a wonderful chef . The aromas from their superlative dishes fill my house day and night . ''
`` Did I show you the birthday card I got from Bilbo this year ? '' added Jackson , holding up a pile of leaves . `` He always remembers to send one . He 's a very special hobbit . ''
In a statement that could have been orchestrated by New Line Cinema or could be symptomatic of severe clinical paranoia , Jackson lamented that the entire thriving community of hobbits would cease to exist by the end of the Fourth Age , when they would be `` overrun by the brutish Big People with their filthy , noisy machines . ''
Advertisement
Sunday 's interview comes a week after a New Zealand talk show appearance in which the acclaimed director insisted upon being called `` Jackson the Green , '' held aloft a yardstick with a tin can on one end , and defied any critic who questioned their interpretation of Tolkien 's works to `` take up a staff of power and meet [ him ] in Isengard '' to duel atop the tower of Orthanc .
Reached for comment , friends and longtime collaborators applauded Jackson 's commitment to their craft .
`` The thing about Peter is that they really , really loves these books and has dedicated themselves to taking what 's on the page and bringing it to life , so to speak , '' said Elijah Wood , who briefly reprises their role as Frodo in the Hobbit films and neglected to confirm whether Jackson had developed a brilliant new marketing tactic or a profound mental illness . `` It 's a big part of who they are . A very big part . ''
Advertisement
The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey , starring Martin Freeman and Ian McKellen , opens Dec. 14 ; symptoms of schizoaffective disorder listed in the Diagnostic And Statistical Manual Of Mental Disorders include delusions , hallucinations , and manic episodes .
Scottish farmers could face strict sanctions making it impossible to grow genetically modified ( GM ) crops should the technology be given the green light by the UK Government .
Speaking at the Oxford Farming Conference this week , Defra minister Liz Truss said they wanted UK farmers to have the choice to use this technology .
“ I want to see the decision-making over GM crops made at a UK level , ” said Ms Truss .
“ I do think that they have a role to play here in Britain ; I think our farmers need access to the technology that 's going to help them compete in global markets . ”
Them enthusiasm for the technology was not shared by Scots farm minister Richard Lochhead who said GM crops were not in line with Scottish Government policies .
Although it would not be within the remit of the devolved administration to determine whether or not farmers could grow the crops , Mr Lochhead said other measures could be put in place to make it too burdensome to do so .
“ I do n't want to see GM cultivation jeopardising Scotland 's reputation as a clean , green food country , ” they said .
“ Liz Truss would be wise to listen to consumers . I think the jury is out on the scientific , environmental , health and economic cases for GM in Scotland and the UK . ”
When asked if they had consulted Scots growers on the government 's position , Mr Lochhead said : “ I do not detect any significant appetite for GM crops in Scotland and I certainly do not detect any appetite for consumers in Scotland to support GM cultivation .
“ I sat next to a major importer of food to the US who told me their company was now reviewing its GM policy due to the backlash from American consumers . ”
Their views were not shared by the other politicians attending the conference .
Both Huw Irranca Davies , from Labour , and Stuart Agnew , from Ukip , spoke out in favour of the technology .
The Labour farming chief said : “ I think it has been a frustration at an EU level that the investment and innovation in this technology has been stagnated . ”
Mr Agnew , who was a previous GM crop trials grower , said the Ukip party wanted to hold a free vote in the House of Commons on whether or not UK farmers should be allowed to grow GM crops .
“ I would vote in favour so long as the food was labelled for it , ” they said .
Also getting behind the technology at this week 's conference was leading scientist Lord John Krebs .
Climate change was a reality , said Lord Krebs , and the agricultural revolution of the first half of the 20th century had come with an “ environmental price tag ” .
“ It depleted natural resources such as water and soil , it used large amounts of energy , it polluted the environment and it caused loss of biodiversity , ” they added .
The next revolution in agriculture would need to grasp new technologies , including GM , said Lord Krebs .
“ We need to move on from the irrational protest days to accepting that GM could bring real benefits , ” they concluded .
Former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush . David Becker/Getty Images Former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush 's campaign unloaded on presidential rival US Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-Florida ) in a document leaked Thursday .
US News and World Report 's David Catanese obtained the 112-page document , which was presented to top donors ahead of Wednesday 's CNBC debate .
Inside its pages was internal polling data and other information meant to showcase the Bush campaign 's strength despite middling public polling numbers .
Notably , part of the document drew sharp contrast between Bush and Rubio , labeled a `` risky bet '' against former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential front-runner .
Among other things , the document hit Rubio for having `` no accomplishments '' and `` no credible experience beyond government , '' having a weak campaign message , misusing Florida Republican Party funds for personal use , ties to a scandalized former member of congress and a billionaire benefactor , and having a possibly questionable background .
Here 's the list of attacks :
No accomplishments , negating hit against Hillary Clinton .
Marco 's `` tomorrow versus yesterday '' argument will be widely ridiculed by media while running against `` first woman president . ''
Misuse of state party credit cards , taxpayer funds and ties to scandal-tarred former Congressman David Rivera takes away line of attack on Hillary Clinton .
Closeness to Norman Braman , who doubles as a personal benefactor raises major ethical questions .
Outside of lobbying and legal consulting , no credible experience beyond government .
Never been in charge of anything larger than two dozen people .
Those who have looked into Marco 's background in the past have been concerned with what they have found .
Amy Winehouse in the documentary Amy . A24
Amy Winehouse 's death from alcohol poisoning in 2011 gave rehab advocates a chance to cluck . The demise of the singer who so publicly slammed their profession— “ I just need a friend/ I 'm not gon na spend 10 weeks/ Have everyone think I 'm on the mend ” —was an irresistible chance to offer their “ if onlys. ” If only they had reached out to us . If only they had gotten help .
This is what makes Asif Kapadia 's Amy , one of five nominees for Best Documentary Feature this year , so interesting . Winehouse did seek help . They even attended rehab , the very institution they dismissed as a PR charade , at least twice . But rehab did n't save them Nor did it save Cory Monteith , Whitney Houston , or many others .
The life and death of Amy Winehouse is n't a lesson in celebrity hubris . It 's an example of how poorly researched our system of addiction medicine really is . We spend $ 13 billion every year on addiction treatment with very little proof that it works . Studies on the efficacy of inpatient rehab are contradictory , and those that find strong , positive results are limited to certain kinds of patients who may not reflect the general population . The system seems to work for some people , but we have no idea why it works for them or , more importantly , why it fails so many others .
There is a maxim used in other fields of medicine , that if you can choose from among many treatments for a single disorder , none is very effective . Once doctors develop an effective treatment , the alternatives fall away . Nowhere is this problem more evident than in addiction medicine . The most venerable treatment regime , the 12-step program , has limited supporting data , despite decades of history and millions of patients . Prescription drugs to treat addiction likewise perform inconsistently in studies .
“ Rehab , ” often used to refer to inpatient or residential addiction treatment , is especially problematic . Rehab centers have the feel of pre-modern sanatoria . Most ( but not all ) are based on the 12-step program , but they have varying add-on philosophies and “ treatments , ” depending on the patient 's financial health .
Consider the swanky Cirque Lodge in Sundance , Utah , rehab of choice for celebrities such as Demi Moore and Lindsay Lohan . For a reported $ 1,000 per day , patients heal through heli-hiking ( “ Alcohol and drug rehab takes on a different perspective at 10,000 feet ! ” ) and can take on the largest indoor ropes course “ anywhere in the alcohol and drug rehab industry. ” As far as I can tell , there have been few randomized trials on the efficacy of heli-hiking for alcoholism . And if you 're choosing an addiction treatment program based on the size of its ropes course , you probably have n't hit rock bottom .
Overpriced woo , however , is only a symptom of a larger problem . Our addiction care system is a Wild West show , according to a 2012 Columbia University report . Addiction counselors , who do the majority of the day-to-day work at most rehab centers , are n't required to have even a bachelor 's degree in 44 states . The doctors who sometimes supervise them receive little or no addiction medicine training during medical school , and there are no residency programs for the field . ( Most doctors will tell you that residency , the three- to five-year practical training program that follows medical school , is where they really learned their trade . ) Interested parties can pursue an addiction medicine fellowship , typically in the form of a one-year program tacked on at the end of any old medical specialty . Not to pick on Cirque Lodge , but its medical director began their career as a pulmonologist .
This mess would n't be so objectionable if it were a mess that worked , but no one knows if it does . What data we have on inpatient rehab is limited to very specific and unusual populations . Doctors who themselves suffer from addiction , for example , are required by law to undergo treatment and regular testing for a five-year period—a very convenient situation for researchers who want to track their progress . Studies of recovering doctors suggest that rehab works pretty well—about 80 percent stay drug-free during the testing period . But this is a highly educated , highly motivated group of people with much to gain and everything to lose from a single slip-up . Do they really represent the general population of substance abusers , or the celebrity case studies ?
Lisa Merlo , a University of Florida psychiatrist who has conducted much of the physician-addict research , says we 're still trying to figure out how to study other groups . “ If an addict is doing poorly , they do n't come in for care . It 's a difficult population to follow , ” they explain . Addicts are nothing like cancer patients , who actually want to come back for follow-up care .
In light of these evidentiary challenges , it 's difficult to justify rehab centers ' enormous expense . A 2003 study found that rehab facilities cost approximately $ 15,000 per successfully treated patient , compared with about $ 6,000 for outpatient treatment . Since most studies—which , admittedly , have the same problems tracking patients—suggest inpatient rehab is no better than outpatient treatment , rehab seems like an unnecessary luxury . Especially when you throw in the heli-hiking .
Politicians have been lining up lately to throw money at addiction medicine . Earlier this year , Medicaid raised the possibility of funding inpatient addiction research , reversing decades of resistance . There 's nothing wrong with giving it a try , but that money ought to come with some heavy strings attached . Participating institutions should have to devise convincing strategies to follow their patients for at least five years so they can report reliable data on outcomes .
The irony of Amy Winehouse going to rehab ( twice ) was irresistible . As Kapadia documents , everyone from late-night hosts to their close friends had a nice laugh at their expense . The far greater absurdity , however , is the postmortem claims by addiction specialists that they could have saved them Them death stands for how little we understand about substance abuse and recovery . Breaking addiction is hugely challenging , but it 's time to meet that challenge with rigorous science . Rope courses optional .
Read more in Slate about the 2016 Oscars .
Lord Michael Heseltine , 84 , the senior politician and business person , reflects on what they owe their dyslexia , their fears over Brexit and why they have no plans to retire
At my age there is no such thing as a good winter . There is a wonderful day in mid-March when you feel the sun on your back for the first time , and it straightens you .
I was no good at games and the only time I came top of the form was when my parents offered to buy me a new bike if I did so . I found an outlet for my energy by going to the local post office , buying as much lemonade as I could carry , and selling to the hearties by the glass what I 'd bought by the bottle .
There have been two moments in my life when I have witnessed real history . First , my parents happened to have booked us into a hotel on Piccadilly Circus on VJ night . And then , by chance , I was in Berlin the day the Russians closed the Wall . I think we are at one of those moments again . I think [ signing Article 50 ] is the worst decision we 've made since the war .
I am appalled by people who pretend to regret the decline in standards of public life and only exacerbate them . The bigotry of the editor of the Daily Mail , coupled with that of Nigel Farage , have been among the most potent driving forces of this tragedy .
People were looking for a scapegoat and Europe was the convenient candidate
The garden has been my therapy . No matter what has happened in my political life I can be potting out some seedlings and it is all forgotten . I think you can link my work in creating the garden to the work I did in urban deprivation . Both are about changing perspective , introducing new visuals , getting rid of mess .
Good news occasionally comes around the corner for everybody . It is up to you to be prepared for it and grab it .
I am worried when people want to use me as a role model for dyslexia . My problem is that I see it mostly as a help . It taught me to short circuit procedures which were time consuming .
I was ambitious . But you are n't interested in power for its own sake , only for what it will allow you to do . Power allows you to contribute .
I had only been in parliament a year when I voted twice against my party on race issues . The feeling that Enoch Powell 's speech evoked was far more divisive than anything in Britain since .
I think you can link our work in creating the garden to the work I did in urban deprivation . Both are about changing perspective , introducing new visuals , getting rid of mess .
Wales is still where my heart beats fastest , the land of my fathers . I am very proud to be patron of the Morriston Orpheus choir .
Life has pretty much gone to plan . Looking back , I do n't think I could have asked for any more .
I was devoted to my father , but I do n't think their premature death changed me . I had already been president of the Oxford Union , and started my own business . The die was cast .
Referenda seldom reflect the issue under discussion . This one was no exception . People did n't like eight years of frozen living standards and they were anxious about immigration . They were looking for a scapegoat and Europe was the convenient candidate .
You have only one choice when things are n't going well : find a way to pay the bills .
Retirement does n't feature on my agenda , because I have never regarded the things I do as work . I have no sense of mortality . I recognise my limitations , but I believe the best of times are yet to come .
As the mass of baby boomers age , it seems our society as whole becomes even more obsessed with holding onto youth , at all cost . Who 'd even heard of ‘ E.D . ' during the rocking ‘ 60s ? But in our fixation with finding the fountain of youth , we might be facing some unintended consequences as we tone our abs and smooth our wrinkles .
A recent psychological study addressed the effects of a particular use of Botox , one of the prime weapons in the war against the calendar . The study concerned a current theory in psychology called the `` facial feedback '' hypothesis . It holds that people rely on a feedback loop to recognize their own emotions ; `` reading '' the feelings of their own facial expressions helps them to recognize that they are experiencing a particular emotion . So , for example , people frown because they are sad , but to a degree , they also feel the sadness more fully and completely -- because they are frowning .
The study , conducted by David Havis and scheduled to appear in Psychological Science , looked at 40 people whose foreheads were injected with Botox ; thus deactivating a pair of muscles that cause brow-wrinkling frowns . One result ? The subjects were slower to understand sad and angry written statements . A vital element in their emotion-recognition feedback loop had been removed , impairing their ability to experience their emotions as fully as they had before the injections .
A very real ramification of disabling this feedback loop with Botox is that people will experience less sadness and . It 's not that the condition prevents them from having these emotions , but it limits the feedback that people use to decipher their feelings . Taken a step further , disabling the facial feedback loop can also impair the ability to understand and be empathic to others ' pain , because people perceive the pain of partly through their own empathic responses . Being less in touch with our own ability to feel pain makes us less able to respond empathically to the pain of those we care about .
As a clinical psychologist , I can tell you that there are many people who are already way out of touch with their emotions . And they struggle with this , even without Botox . With less awareness of negative emotions , people are missing an important inner signal that flags when something is upsetting - to themselves or others . Imagine being that much less in touch with your feelings after your boyfriend leaves you . Socially , imagine not being able to relate to a friend as they grieve over the death of a . If our ability to be empathic is impaired , so , too , is the ability to form healthy , supportive . The long-term implications could include unhappiness , distress , or a gnawing feeling that something is terribly wrong - even if those feelings exist only below the surface of a superficially `` happy '' person 's wrinkle-free face .
Botox is not the demon here , nor its skin-smoothing effects . Looking younger can make you feel better . And , being a little less aware of sadness and anger at particular times can be helpful . But I see a lesson in Havis 's findings about the need to be careful in the set for ourselves and how important it is for us to consider the long-term consequences of how aggressively we choose to pursue them .
Dr. Leslie Becker-Phelps is a clinical psychologist in private practice and is on the medical staff at Somerset Medical Center in Somerville , NJ .
The reclamation project that is the Republican Party has long been stunted by one pesky fact : People freaking hate the Republican Party .
Well , kind of .
Poll after poll shows President Obama is unpopular ( 54 percent disapproval in new WaPo-ABC poll ) and the Democratic Party is a little more unpopular ( 61 percent ) . Neither , though , can touch the GOP , whose congressional contingent has a whopping 72 percent disapproval rating . Nearly half of Americans -- 47 percent -- say they `` strongly '' disapprove of the GOP .
And despite it all , the GOP appears primed to win six seats and take back the Senate -- if not more . The reason : Party approval ratings are ... well ... overrated .
Yes , the GOP 's brand definitely hurts it . But when voters head to the polls , are they really thinking about the practical impact of sending another Republican to empower the other Republicans who are already in Washington ?
As it turns out , not really . The same WaPo-ABC poll shows strikingly few people are scared off by the idea of a GOP-controlled Senate . While 72 percent of Americans disapprove of the GOP , just 25 percent say it would be a `` bad thing '' if the GOP controlled the Senate . Significantly more ( 32 percent ) say it would be a `` good thing , '' while half ( 51 percent ) say it would make no difference .
Independents say 28-19 that a GOP majority would be good thing more than a bad thing . Even among Democrats , just 48 percent say a GOP-controlled Senate would be a bad thing .
In addition , it 's always important to note that the GOP brand is worse than the Democratic brand in large part because of members of their own party . While 63 percent of Democrats approve of their party 's congressional members , just 34 percent of Republicans say the same . Among independents and members of the opposite party , it 's almost exactly even . And those other Republicans , we 'll bet you , will still vote GOP in 2014 . So , again , the practical effect of the GOP 's poorer brand is probably more negligible than people think .
And it 's too bad for Democrats , because opposition to a GOP Senate is a very good motivator . Among those who say they support Democrats and also say that a GOP Senate would be a bad thing , 78 percent say they are absolutely certain to vote . Among Democratic supporters who do n't fear a GOP Senate , that number drops to 58 percent .
The GOP certainly has its problems , but in a lot of ways , disgust with the GOP is like disgust with Congress . While people hate Congress , they are much more likely to hold a favorable view of their own member of it . And if a Republican candidate can run a good campaign and avoid being too closely associated with the less-savory elements of their or their national party , that `` R '' next to their or their name is n't really much of a burden .
PlayStation UK 's Fergal Gara believes the Vita is well suited play `` various roles '' for diverse audiences .
We wo n't mince words : the Vita is a fine piece of gaming hardware . Sure , it 's a bit on the pricier end when you consider things like proprietary memory cards and its software library is perhaps not as wide and varied as other platforms , but it 's nonetheless a great machine that tends to enthrall people who actually own it . That being said , with the launch of the PS4 the landscape on which the Vita stands is shifting , leaving many to wonder about the fate of the system and if it can be maintained as a viable portable gaming system .
For Sony , however , there 's no question that the Vita is here to stay , even as its position among its competitors changes . `` I do actually think Vita has various roles it can play , '' said Fergal Gara , PlayStation UK 's managing director . While they pointed to games like Killzone : Mercenary and Tearaway as evidence of the strength of its software , they also confessed that Sony had been eyeing the Vita as a companion piece for the PS4 for years . `` [ The ] compatibility between the two was always designed into the Vita 's system . By the time PS Vita development started we were well into the development path of the PlayStation 4 , so things were very much designed to work together . ''
Some might wonder why Sony even bothers continuing to push a portable like the Vita when its consoles are doing well . The answer can probably be rooted in the fact that Vita owners tend to buy a lot of software . `` Compared to PS3 , Vita has had a higher percentage of games bought digitally since it was first launched , '' said Gara . `` It demonstrates how many people look at it as the iPod of handheld gaming . '' In other words , it 's in Sony 's best interest to sell more Vitas and with PS4 remote play , last year 's price drop and PlayStation Now coming this summer , there arguably has n't been a better time to snag one .
Source : VG247
Two giants in the gun industry are hashing out a conflict over a patent design in federal court , according to court documents filed this month .
Browning Arms filed suit against Smith & Wesson , the parent company of Thompson Center Arms , over the use of a magazine design for a hunting rifle .
According to the civil complaint , Thompson Center 's Compass Rifle is equipped with a detachable rotary magazine that fits flush with the stock . But the magazine design ( Patent # 8,745,912 ) was invented by and licensed to Browning .
The Utah-based gun maker was issued the patent in June 2014 and the lawsuit alleges Thompson Center violated that patent when it released the Compass Rifle in 2015 .
Browning has asked the court for an unspecified sum in damages multiplied by three , as is common for patent suits .
Adanın güneyine geçişte yeni bir açılım yapıldı , barikatlarda yeni uygulama başladı , `` vize , kağıt , mühür '' gibi işlemlere son verildi .
KAMUOYU bu gelişmeyi YENİDÜZEN Haber Paketi'nin SMS ile öğrendi .
HÜKÜMETİN aldığı bir karar sonucu artık 'kimlik ' belgesini gösteren yurttaşlar , ilgili görevlinin 'not alması ' düzeyinde yapacağı bir işlemle güneye geçebilecek .
Kuzey Kıbrıs'taki uygulama , böylece , güneydeki prosedüre eş bir noktaya taşındı .
Yeni uygulama ile araçla geçişlerde artık araçtan inmek zorunluluğu da olmayacak .
Bu sabah yürürlüğe giren uygulamaya yönelik olarak henüz resmi bir açıklama yapılmazken , geçiş noktalarındaki polis ve kontrol memurlarına gerekli bilgilerin verildiği öğrenildi .
Söz konusu açılımın Birleşmiş Milletler gözetiminde başlayan KIBRIS MÜZAKERELERİ çerçevesinde Kıbrıs Türk tarafının bir AÇILIMI olarak çalışıldığı ve ilk müzakere sonrasında , Birleşmiş Milletler Genel Sekreteri'nin Kıbrıs Özel Danışmanı Eide tarafından açıklanması beklendiği de öğrenidi .
'Test ' olarak başlayan uygulamanın bu gece yarısından itibaren RESMEN yürürlüğe girmesi bekleniyor .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
YORGANCIOĞLU YENİDÜZEN ' E BİLGİ VERDİ
Başbakan Özkan Yorgancioglu bugün barikatlarda yürürlüğe giren yeni uygulama ile ilgili YENİDÜZEN ' e konuştu
Yorgancıoğlu : Barikatlardaki yeni uygulama üzerinde uzun süredir çalışıyoruz . İyi niyet gostergesi olarak bugün uygulamaya koyduk . Konu bugünkü liderler görüşmesinin gündeminde
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
EIDE : AKINCI VİZE FORMLARININ KALKACAĞINI AÇIKLADI
BM Genel Sekreteri'nin Kıbrıs Özel Danışmanı Espen Barth Eide , 'Güven Artırıcı Önlemler ' çerçevesinde Kıbrıslı Türk lider Mustafa Akıncı'nın barikatlardaki vize formlarının yarından itibaren kalkacağının açıkladığını bugünkü liderler toplantısı sonrasında basın ile paylaştı .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
AKINCI : BİR ZORLUK AŞILMIŞ OLDU
Cumhurbaşkanı Mustafa Akıncı , bugünkü liderler görüşmesinde barikatlardaki yeni uygulamaya Kıbrıslı Rum lider Nikos Anastasiadis ' e iletildiğini açıklayarak şunları aktardı , `` Hükümetin uzun süredir üzerinde çalıştığı barikatlardaki vizelerin kaldırılacağı haberini ilettik . Bundan dolayı pek çok insan güneyden kuzeye geçmiyordu , vizeye tabi tutulmak istemeyen insanlar vardı , bu uygulama ile birlikte bu zorluk aşılmış oldu . Bugün sabah polis müdürü ile konuştum , kendisinden şunu istedim , polisin vatandaşın ayağına gitmesi gerektiğini , umarım ki yarın sabahtan itibaren uygulama o şekilde olacaktır ''
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
ANASTASİADİS : HAYATI KOLAYLAŞTIRAN YENİ ÖNLEMLER OLACAK
Kıbrıslı Rum lider Nikos Anastasiaidis , ileriki günlerde gündelik hayatı kolaylaştıracak yeni önlemler için çalışmalar yapılacağının bilgisini verdi .
Anastasiadis : “ Daha ilk başlangıç aşamasında bulunuyoruz . Müzakerecilerimize önerilecek ve kararlaştırılacak bir dizi önlem üzerinde çalışmaları için yetki verdik . Dolayısıyla ön hazırlık için birkaç gün gerekiyor ki muhtemelen 28 Mayıs'taki bir sonraki görüşmemizde vatandaşların gündelik yaşamlarını kolaylaştırmaya yönelik daha çok ve daha somut önlemler açıklayabilelim . ”
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) Even though they are 15th in the line of succession to the U.S. presidency , Energy Secretary Steven Chu still thinks he 's a nerd .
And some in Washington would n't argue with their assessment .
While many of President Barack Obama 's cabinet secretaries zoom around the nation 's capital in black sedans , Chu will occasionally pull into Energy Department headquarters on their bike , with their security detail peddling close behind .
In their commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday , the Nobel Prize-winning scientist admitted they may not be as exciting as previous speakers like Microsoft founder Bill Gates and `` Harry Potter '' author J.K. Rowling .
`` Today , you have me . I am not a billionaire , but at least I am a nerd , '' Chu said at the beginning of their speech .
Chu went on to talk about the threat of climate change and ended their talk with a line that could have been conjured up by an obsessed adult `` Star Trek '' fan .
`` May you prosper and help save our planet , '' Chu said .
While not the exact works so often spoken by Mr. Spock , it was close enough .
( Reporting by Tom Doggett ; Editing by Christian Wiessner )
RICHMOND , Va. — After same-sex marriage became legal in Virginia in early October , has the controversial issue vanished as a hot-button election topic at the polls ? Bill Harrison , the executive director of the Richmond Gay Community Foundation , said they believed same-sex marriage will no longer be a topic for voters and candidates in Tuesday 's congressional midterm elections .
“ I think that America is moving past this . I do n't think that it is the issue that it was a couple years ago , and I think the change of attitude has come about because we have allowed people to get to know us , ” Harrison said . “ If you look at civil rights issues whether it 's race , or whether it 's women , the more we humanize the issues … the easier it becomes . All this progress did n't take place just in the last 12 months . This goes back generations and generations . ”
But there are voices in the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) community who caution to not simply move one after the U.S. Supreme Court allowed same-sex marriages in Virginia to move forward . LGBT community member Fatima Sissoko said they believed that dismissing an issue as complicated as same-sex marriage is problematic , because the issues in the community run much deeper .
“ I find it hard that in this day and age people still have that , ‘ Ok , this is done , now we can move on , ' type of mentality , ” said Sissoko . “ That mentality is harmful for people my age and a little bit younger , because they see it as , ‘ Now that this is done , we 're done with the marriage issue and we can go to something else'- but what about class issues ? What if you ca n't afford to get married but still need the benefits ? What if you 're in the military and you already get benefits ? There are more than single point issues . ”
VCU student Madison Baya agreed that same-sex marriage is an important issue , but that there are many other issues that the LGBT community wants to address .
“ I think a lot of people think that if we endorse same-sex marriage , then we 've covered all the LGBT issues . But there 's so much more behind it , ” said Baya . “ People get caught up with this one issue when trans people are getting killed everyday and a lot of people do n't even know what ‘ asexual ' is . So it 's not just a matter of getting that issue on the forefront , but … all these other issues coming to light too . ”
But the importance of the issue varies from voter to voter . Lesbian couple Erika Straus and Savannah Flores had different takes on same-sex marriage and the upcoming election . When asked if they would change their vote for the midterm elections because same-sex marriage is now legal , Straus said that maybe they would .
“ Now that it is legal , it would be less of an [ issue ] . Before , when I was voting for the presidential election , it was something that was not necessary , because I want gay marriage or I need it , but , I 'm gay , ” said Straus , explaining why they voted for President Barack Obama , who supported same-sex marriage .
Flores , on the hand , said that their voting pattern will remain the same . “ I 'm pretty much Democrat the whole way , ” said Flores .
The perception that the Democratic Party is more concerned with same-sex marriage is common , but Harrison believes both parties are becoming more open .
“ I think that marriage equality has become somewhat of a partisan issue , although I do know a significant number of Republicans who have no problems with marriage equality and I think we 're going to see that grow . There are some Democrats who have problems with this , ” said Harrison . “ The majority of leadership on a state and national level has come from the Democratic Party , but there is support from Republicans . ”
They said that the LGBT community has the same concerns as any other voters .
“ We would all agree we want safe streets . We want good schools . We want a good police department , a good fire department . We want a transparent government and we also want to be treated like first class citizens . Marriage equality is bringing us closer and job discrimination should be the next step , ” said Harrison .
By Shakola Walker and Ali Mislowsky ( Special to WTVR.com )
This story was reported by the “ iPadJournos ” mobile and social media journalism project , a cooperation between WTVR.com and VCU 's Richard T. Robertson School of Media and Culture .
Grit . Definition , in the dictionary- backbone ; fortitude and determination . Definition , in the NHL- the Phoenix Coyotes .
With the Coyotes successfully obtaining another win in Game 4 , the team is proving that they have harnessed a nothing-is-going-to-stop-me attitude that I 'd like to characterize as grit .
This year the Coyotes had launched a marketing campaign that could n't be more fitting . “ Hockey The Hard Way ” is a brilliant and true response to all of the criticism these desert dogs have suffered through . Not just a marketing gimmick however , this is a real manifesto- one that the Coyotes have absolutely been living up to .
Last night Phoenix took a commanding 3-1 lead over Nashville in their Western Conference semi-final series .
Captain Shane Doan proved a born leader , scoring the only goal of the game at 14:25 in the first . With tenacity and physical play , the Coyotes spent the remainder of the game on the defense . Nashville had numerous opportunities , winning 14 of 18 faceoffs in the second , and using the extra possession time to create 24 shot attempts- twice as many as they had in the opening period . The third was a nail-bitter , with the Predators pushing even harder and boasting a 10-5 shot advantage . Good thing Coyotes goaltender Mike Smith is as on top of their game as ever .
After the game , Eric Adelson of Yahoo Sports wrote :
“ This franchise is such an underdog that the term ‘ underdog ' does n't even fit . The Coyotes are stray underdogs . So when asked how it feels to be one win away from a shot at the Cup final , Doan all but twitched . They averted their eyes and said , ‘ We need one more win . That 's all we talk about . ' ”
Looks as if Doaner and their boys have seriously embodied their M.O . Grit- real , ruthless , and relentless as it is , has had a colossal influence on the success of this franchise . Because as the ‘ Yotes say , when hockey gets harder , so do they .
The Coyotes ' next game is Game 5 on Monday vs. the Nashville Predators at Jobing.com Arena . The puck drops at 7 p.m. ( Arizona time ) . The game can be seen on NBC Sports Network , watch it .
On Tuesday , in Tbilisi , the government of Georgia signed an agreement to use the Bitcoin Blockchain to verify property transactions .
Last April , the Georgian government and Bitcoin company BitFury initiated a project to record land titles on the Blockchain .
This is the first time a national government is using the Blockchain to safeguard and authenticate state operations , therefore ushering in a belief in the technology that has wrongfully been painted black .
First-time government Blockchain
As a matter of fact , the private Blockchain that will be an alter-proof ledger will also be provable using the Bitcoin Blockchain that is in the public domain .
As of now , a software has been built and tested on some land title registrations . The Georgian National Agency of Public Registry and BitFury signed a memorandum of understanding paving the way to extend services to the registration of new land titles , demolition of property , mortgages , purchases and sales of land titles , rentals as well as notary services .
There are many other projects focusing on Blockchain land title services apart from the BitFury and Republic of Georgia drive . This includes Sweden , Honduras and Cook County in Chicago which are being run by ChromaWay , Factcom and Velox respectively .
Media reports hinted that Peruvian Economist Hernando de Soto is associated with the Georgian project . De Soto , in their book Mystery of Capital , estimates that there is “ dead capital ” of $ 20 trillion globally , consisting of buildings and lands without legal title .
24/7 with smartphones
Georgia 's Minister of Justice , Tea Tsulukiani , says that they are optimistic their country will be able to work with Blockchain technology from this coming summer to have real estate quotations in a completely trustworthy and avant-garde .
Papuna Ugrekhelidze , chairperson of the Georgian National Agency of Public Registry , stated in an announcement that their outfit is “ very pleased with the technical progress and looks forward to continuing [ their ] fruitful collaboration . ”
BitFury CEO Valery Vavilov also told the media that the Georgian government is excited about how the whole work was handled and executed with the current method . They explained that all the changes were made on the back end and the only dichotomy for the citizens of Georgia is that they can monitor if a title is legitimate when it is entered into the system .
Vavilov revealed that the current platform is phase one and at a beta stage but the software will be fully operational this year :
“ The big goal is to move [ the process ] to smartphones , so people can use it 24/7 and all transactions are secured , transferrable and accountable . ”
So far , BitFury has been able to raise $ 90 mln funding including a $ 30 mln investment by Credit China FinTech Holdings in January .
Implemented on a property , Blockchain technology maintains agreements in diverse fashions . In Blockchain-based entries , records are time-stamped , as well as consequent modifications to these records . The asupervisorstioned would permit public members interested in a property to examine and establish the date of previous sales .
Source : cointelegraph.com
By : Kathrin A. Theis , BA , QMRP
The article Protecting the Protectors ( in The New Social Worker , Winter 2008 ) struck very close to home for me . I spent 11 years working as a case manager in child protective services . I suffered serious burn-out and left the field for seven years before returning to social services , this time working with people with developmental disabilities at a private agency . The issue of employee safety was not adequately addressed when I was in protective services , but I later realized that it rarely is addressed anywhere in social services .
Social workers are trained , and likely got into this line of work , because they think of others first , and their own safety may suffer as a result . I , too , am amazed that what happened to Boni is as rare as it is , but there were many things that could have prevented the tragic loss of Boni ' life and all that ensued for their co-workers .
Compassion fatigue and burn-out are rampant in the social services , and is it any wonder ? If we feel in danger frequently and are given no way to assure our own safety , few will stay long without suffering grave consequences . Poor health , failing personal relationships , and financial problems can all result from the deadly mix of all the responsibility for our clients and none of the authority to keep ourselves safe .
Hindsight is so very clear . In Boni ' case , a better safety plan would have been to require that the visit be held in a neutral setting such as a restaurant or the agency office . Boni should have been advised of the possible risk , in light of the fact that the mother felt in danger of permanently losing their child , and they should have been supported to cancel the visit until a good plan could be developed to assure their safety and the safety of the others involved .
Chances are Boni did have concerns , but took their responsibility too literally , as many of us do all the time . This is of great importance . We must always listen to our gut instincts and act on them . If a situation gives us pause , or makes us feel concerned or nervous , we must give ourselves permission to act accordingly and not enter into that situation , and employers must respect that and support us in our decisions .
It is the responsibility of everyone who supervises social services staff to tell them , “ I am responsible for helping you stay safe , and you are important to me . You must always follow your instincts , and I will support your decision if you feel in danger . I want to hear your concerns , and I will take them seriously . Your first responsibility in your job is to keep yourself safe , and mine is to help you do that . Be careful out there ! ”
I managed to stay safe through many years of field work and challenging circumstances . My husband teaches Aikido , a self defense martial art , and I took Aikido for six years . We have had many conversations about my social services experiences and what may have made the difference between staying safe and becoming a victim . We 've used their training and my experience to develop a personal safety program for social workers . You can read about it at the school ' Web site at http : //www.stlki.org/bus_and_org.shtml .
We started the program because we were approached by a community mental health program that found the Aikido school ' Web site and asked us to put together a program for its employees . I was very impressed that they were interested . In doing research for the program , we discovered that there are safety guidelines for social services outlined by OSHA , and these are truly worth reading . Employers do have a responsibility and a role in helping their employees stay safe , but many employers are unaware of the OSHA guidelines and other simple things they can do to protect the protectors . We drew from the OSHA guidelines and also from the social work Code of Ethics to develop our Safe and Sound Program .
Safety should be an ongoing dialogue in every social service agency . By talking about safety concerns and possible solutions , you may learn more than any seminar could ever teach you . Our program may become unnecessary , and that would make me very happy . You will be surprised at what you learn from colleagues .
In one of our workshops , I asked what safety tips the participants had learned through experience . One person said , “ Shake the gate. ” Brilliant ! Some dogs will come barking as you approach , but others may lay in wait , and entering a gate could be dangerous . By shaking the gate before you enter , you are likely to find out if there is a dog in the yard that could be of danger to you . Simple ! I knew several people who were bitten by dogs when I worked in Children ' Services . This could have kept them safe .
We all entered into this field to make a difference in the lives of others . We are important because of what we do , and we are of value to the people we support . We as social service workers must help protect each other first , or we will not be able to protect anyone else . If you are reading this , you are a very important part of your community , so do n't forget , Shake the gate !
Kathrin A. Theis received their B.A . in psychology and is a Qualified Mental Retardation Professional ( QMRP ) . They have more than 25 years experience in social services-including 11 years in Children ' Protective Services in Missouri . They trained for seven years in Aikido and taught Aikido to children for three years . They are an instructor in the Safe & Sound Program for social workers with St. Louis Ki Society .
GLENDALE – A lengthy off-season for the Coyotes and their fans ends this weekend when rookies report to Gila River Arena for the start of a weeklong training camp staged just for them .
Twenty-nine players – three goalies , eight defensemen and 18 forwards – will first take the ice on Saturday afternoon for a 60-minute workout that is open to fans at no charge .
Don Maloney . Photo by Norm Hall .
“ If you look at the depth of talent coming to this camp there are literally six to eight players who could very easily play in the NHL this year , ” General Manager Don Maloney told me as we eyed the rookie camp roster in their office this week .
First-round draft picks Henrik Samuelsson , Max Domi , Brendan Perlini and Dylan Strome will headline this year 's rookie camp along with newcomer Anthony Duclair . It 's no secret Domi and Duclair are considered strong candidates to win roster spots for this season , so I asked Maloney why even bother inviting them to the rookie camp .
Their reply : “ I think it 's very important for them to go through this process and to show us that they 're willing to put in the time and put in the work like everybody else . ”
Duclair played 18 games for the New York Rangers last season before returning to junior hockey and then being traded to the Coyotes in March as part of the trade that sent Keith Yandle to the Rangers . Their skill and enthusiasm for their new team/opportunity stood out at Development Camp in July , and Maloney is hopeful they show the same this weekend and beyond when it matters more .
Max Domi and Anthony Duclair are good pals .
“ This is really the first step for them with us , ” Maloney said . “ He has a head start on the majority of the other rookies at camp because he 's been around NHL players and NHL games . I 'm excited to see them on the ice again . He 's such an exciting skill player and we feel they can help us . ”
Regarding Domi , Maloney told me he 's convinced Domi is ready to jump from junior hockey to the NHL .
“ This is their time , ” Maloney said . “ From a physical standpoint and a maturity standpoint , he 's ready to play in the NHL . I really feel that way . Having said that , they have to prove that to us this September . ”
Ron Rolston , whom the Coyotes hired to coach the team 's American Hockey affiliate in Springfield this season , and their assistants will run the on-ice drills and scrimmages at the rookie camp . Rolston also will serve as the head coach when the Coyotes rookies play two games against the Los Angeles Kings rookies in El Segundo , Calif. , on Sept. 15 and 16 .
Ron Rolston .
“ What really attracted us to Ron was the teaching background that they have , ” Maloney said . “ He coached in college and they were with the U.S. Development program for years . Their background is in teaching and making players better , and their record as a coach is quite strong . We think he 's a huge asset for us as we enter such a crucial stage in player development . ”
The rookie games will be played at the Toyota Sports Center , which serves as the Kings ' practice rink during the season . These games are always intense and this year 's games promise to follow suit .
Maloney likes incorporating the games against the Kings rookies into the camp because they sense the players grow tired of competing against their buddies .
“ The value is that they get to actually play a game against an opponent as opposed to a roommate or the guys you had dinner with the night before , ” Maloney said . “ Some teams play three or four games during rookie camp but we feel two games are enough because you do n't want guys beaten up for the main camp . Ultimately it 's the main camp where you have to show the NHL coaches that you can play , so we like the two-game format in rookie camp . I think it 's perfect . ”
Aside from Duclair and the asupervisorstioned first-round draft picks , here are just a few other players I suggest fans keep an eye on during rookie camp :
• Maloney continues to rave about Nick Merkley , whom the Coyotes selected with the 30th overall pick in this year 's NHL Draft .
Nick Merkley . Photo by Getty Images .
“ This kid is good , ” Maloney said . “ I mean , I know he 's young but when I saw them in August ( at Team Canada 's junior evaluation camp ) , they were a player who jumped out at everybody with their speed . He 's very dynamic and a fun player to watch because he 's so quick and skilled . Plus they have an edge to him . They do n't like being pushed . He 's not going to play just a perimeter game . ”
Merkley , 18 , is considered a long shot to make the Coyotes roster this season but Maloney said they expect them to make a great impression at their first pro camp .
“ I missed the first game they played ( at Canada 's camp ) and more than one person came up to me and said ‘ You should have seen Merkley , ' ” Maloney said . “ Then when I saw them play the second game I was wowed . They were very , very good in that setting . ”
• Christian Fischer is a power forward who will likely turn some heads at rookie camp , especially in the games vs. LA because they tend to be very physical affairs .
The Coyotes selected Fischer 32nd overall at this year 's draft and he 's eager to show the staff he 's worthy of being drafted so high .
Photo by Norm Hall .
• Dakota Mermis wo n't dazzle anybody during the drills at camp but they likely will stand out in the games vs. LA . The Coyotes signed the undrafted defenseman after watching them defend Connor McDavid in the OHL playoff series between Erie and Oshawa last season .
“ He did a terrific job shutting them down , ” Maloney said . “ He understands gaps and angles and how to neutralize ( opponents ) ... He 's a subtle player and one of those players who just wins wherever they go . ”
Maloney said Mermis was signed for depth and the hope is they can go to the AHL and continue to develop .
• Last but not least is forward Conor Garland , who is listed , generously , at 5-feet-8 , 160 pounds on the rookie camp roster . Arizona grabbed Garland with the 123rd pick at this year 's draft after they led the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League with an eye-popping 129 points in 67 games .
“ Conor is coming here to earn a contract , ” Maloney said . “ He 's one of those really skilled and clever players . The question with them is is their skating quick enough for them to be an NHL player . If you 're a small player like that you have to be quick . Right now their skating is OK but it 's not at that next level . But they really impressed us at Development Camp ; they had the puck the whole time . I suspect they may stand out again . We shall see . ”
NOTES :
• The Coyotes have invited left-handed defenseman Keith Aulie , 26 , to attend the main training camp on a PTO ( Professional Tryout ) . Aulie has played 167 NHL games for Toronto , Tampa Bay and , most recently , Edmonton .
• The Coyotes also have invited right-handed defenseman Corey Potter , 31 , to attend training camp on a PTO . Potter has played 129 NHL games for the New York Rangers , Pittsburgh , Edmonton , Boston and , most recently , Calgary .
• Defenseman Dylan Reese will be sidelined for four to six months due to an injury they suffered while training this off-season . Forward Jordan Szwarz also suffered an off-season injury while training and they may miss the first few skates at training camp .
• Fans are invited to attend all rookie camp workouts at Gila River Arena at no charge . For those planning to attend this Sunday 's workout from 11 a.m. until 12:50 p.m. , please keep in mind that the Arizona Cardinals are playing a home game that day and the Westgate area will be very congested . Plus , fans should be prepared to pay to park .
RELATED CONTENT :
• Samuelsson Approaching Rookie Camp with Urgency
• Strome Eager to be Part of Coyotes ' Rebuild
Rafael Devers ' ninth-inning inside-the-park home run nearly rallied the Red Sox in a wild ALDS Game 4
Though the Red Sox were eliminated from the postseason on Monday after falling to the Astros , 5-4 , in Game 4 of the ALDS presented by Doosan , it was n't for lack of effort . The team pulled out all the stops including getting a tandem start from Rick Porcello and Chris Sale and a big home run by Andrew Benintendi .
With the Red Sox trailing by two in the bottom of the ninth , the fire-balling Ken Giles was on the mound for their second inning when rookie Rafael Devers stepped to the plate . Devers had already made one great play on Jose Altuve 's bunt attempt in the fifth and they showed Giles that they would not be overwhelmed . Behind in the count , 0-2 , Devers laced the ball to left-center field . It just narrowly avoided George Springer 's glove and it ricocheted back to the middle of center field .
The Astros outfield tried to gamely retrieve the ball and get it back in -- momentarily looking like the losing team in a particularly brutal game of gym dodgeball -- but it was too late . The race was on :
It was the first inside-the-parker for the Red Sox in the postseason in more than 100 years .
Rafael Devers : first # RedSox postseason inside-the-park HR since Larry Gardner 10/11/1916 - Christopher Kamka ( @ ckamka ) October 9 , 2017
Unfortunately for Boston fans , history would n't repeat itself any more . That year the Red Sox defeated the Brooklyn Robins in five games .
Michael Clair writes about baseball for Cut4 . They believe stirrup socks are an integral part of every formal outfit and Adam Dunn 's pitching performance was baseball 's greatest moment .
Did Crook Hillary Cheat ? They Wore Ear Piece During Last Night 's Veteran 's Forum
Guest post by Joe Hoft
( http : //thetruthdivision.com )
‘ Crooked ' Hillary Clinton wore an ear piece in last night 's Commander in Chief Forum hosted by NBC and MSNBC . This was the first event where both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were invited to attend together . Each candidate received a short period with host Matt Lauer . It was expected that both candidates would provide unaided answers to the questions asked but it appears Hillary did not .
POTUS TRUMP tweeted after the event their disdain for candidate Clinton using the ear piece which provided them a boost in answering questions . Trump tweeted “ We ca n't let Hillary get away with wearing an ear piece during tonight 's Veteran Forum ” .
We cant let Hillary get away with wearing an ear piece during tonights Veteran Forum # HillarysEarPiece # NBCNewsForum pic.twitter.com/LofvCYg5uB — Donald J. Trump ( @ P0TUSTrump ) September 8 , 2016
Others noted their cheating ways as well accusing Hillary of eye movements and gaps between speech that showed they were listening and not thinking –
Sick Hillary ABSOLUTELY had an ear piece in tonight . Eye movements + gaps between speech show they were listening , not thinking # NBCNewsForum — Alt Stream Media ( @ AltStreamMedia ) September 8 , 2016
Cheating like this is not totally unexpected . President Obama was accused of doing the same thing in the debates in 2012 with candidate Romney and some have warned that this may happen again a few weeks ago . The picture of the wireless earpiece above is similar to one Obama may have used during those debates . As noted by thetruthdivision.com if you go back and watch the second and third debates in 2012 , examine Obama 's mannerism and head movements while they were watching Mitt Romney speak .
It looks like the Democrats are at it again and again clearly can not be trusted .
JOHNSTOWN , Pa. — On the second day of a three-day bus tour through Pennsylvania and Ohio , Hillary Clinton continued a balancing act : painting a relatively rosy picture of national progress under President Obama — in contrast to Donald J. Trump 's grim appraisal of the country 's state — while insisting there is much more to be done .
“ I do n't think we 're weak . I do n't think we 're in decline , ” they said on Saturday from the floor of a wire manufacturer here , before pivoting to their campaign slogan . “ I think we can pull together , ” they said , “ because we are stronger together . ”
If this past week 's convention in Philadelphia was the Democratic Party 's attempt to claim the mantle of American optimism , Mrs. Clinton 's swing through the Rust Belt has been that gathering on wheels .
Winding westward through Pennsylvania , with plans to cross into Ohio late Saturday , Mrs. Clinton has emerged from the party 's four-day showcase to pitch herself , at least in part , to voters with a history of antipathy toward Democrats .
Orlando City fans on their way to Saturday 's season opener made roughly the same journey they 've been making for the past two years . They headed in their droves into the downtown district of the city , but instead of walking to the Camping World Stadium they strolled a couple blocks down West Church Street . This is where their new home is , and what a home it is .
Major League Soccer has made great strides over the past decade or so in the construction of soccer-specific stadiums , as they are dubbed to differentiate them from the cavernous and soulless NFL and baseball stadiums North American clubs were forced to play in for years . There are now 14 such venues in MLS , with Orlando 's new ground the latest . It may well be the best of the lot .
Designed in consultation with the club 's fans , this is a stadium with a deep connection to its public . Orlando City now boast the first safe-standing area , nicknamed ‘ The Wall ' in homage to Borussia Dortmund 's famous ‘ Yellow Wall , ' with each rail equipped with cup holders , as per the recommendation of the supporters . Modern conveniences are in abundance , with the stadium also covered by a high-speed wi-fi network and food and drink outlets catering to local cultures .
Every seat is also covered by a roof specially designed not just to keep out the sometimes temperamental Floridian weather but also keep in the noise and atmosphere of Orlando 's most vocal support . That might not seem so significant , but having spent so long at the uncovered Citrus Bowl shelter is a welcome addition to the club 's match-going experience .
But moving into a new stadium is about much more than just plush new surroundings and cup holders for Orlando and their supporters . It 's about finally finding a home , somewhere to call their own . That is something we can all relate to .
“ As a long time American soccer fan it has been a slow march towards legitimacy here in the United States , ” said Orlando City fan and blogger Kevin Mercer after Saturday 's opening day win over New York City FC . “ Having watched so many games in stadiums not built for soccer it has been a challenge . To have a downtown stadium in the heart of the city , close to transportation hubs , and the social centre of the city means soccer can become a part of the fabric of my city .
“ The stadium itself feels like any stadium I 've been to in Germany or England with an atmosphere that I 'd argue might be a little more South American than European , but still a nice blending of soccer cultures to create something uniquely American . ”
Indeed , the atmosphere inside the new ground reflects the convergence of cultures and nationalities that make up the City support . The club 's new stadium harnesses that , making a trip to Central Florida unlike anything else in the league . That is perhaps the greatest accomplishment of the stadium 's construction — it has given Orlando a distinct identity as a club , or at the very lest underlined it .
“ To the club , it means direct and expanded control over their game day revenues , and centralised command center in management of all three teams ( in MLS , USL and NWSL ) , ” says Shaun Gurd of the City Soccer Talk podcast . “ For the fans , it means a place they can call their own , improved sight lines , movement closer to the field and an experience built with their interests in mind . The sense of ownership among the fans is hard to explain , but there is a sense of pride for them to be part of it . ”
Located in the heart of the city , Orlando City Stadium 's links with its community is geographical , but it also comes with an emotional tie-in to its surroundings , highlighted by the inclusion of 49 rainbow-coloured seats in Section 12 of the stadium honour of the 2016 Pulse nightclub shooting victims .
“ Orlando City took steps to both help the city connect and heal after the tragedy , ” says Mercer , referring to the tributes paid to the victims by the club in the immediate aftermath of the tragedy last year . “ Orlando 's soccer community is a diverse place , with people from all kinds of backgrounds , different soccer heritages , different political leanings , but at the end of the day we all enjoy coming together to support the club that has done everything from the beginning to represent the city . Having a standing memorial to the worst tragedy to hit our city only adds to the club 's and supporter 's ideas of inclusiveness . ”
It 's just another thing which means Orlando 's new stadium reflects its fans and community better than any other venue in MLS . Stadiums like BMO Field , Sporting Park , Red Bull Arena , Avaya Stadium and the still under construction Mercedes-Benz Stadium have upped the game in MLS , with a number of clubs now boasting homes worthy of any league anywhere .
Orlando City Stadium might have set a new precedent , taking supporter-input just as seriously as state-of-the-art innovation . This , for MLS and football in general , is the way forward .
