The mystery over the unidentified luminous objects seen on the horizon over a lake in Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir appears to have been cracked with security agencies believing it to be `` Chinese lanterns '' .
Earlier last month , Indo-Tibetan Border Police ( ITBP ) wrote to the government about sighting of some Orange-Yellow luminous flying objects on the horizon over Pangong lake , located 160km from Leh township .
The Leh-based 14-Corps was alerted by the ITBP which also reported sighting of the light-emitting body to its Udhampur-based Northern Command prompting an intensive monitoring of the flying object , official sources said .
Scientists from various organisations were brought to Himalayan township of Leh and a thorough study was conducted in consultation with experts of the Indian Air Force , whose radars were also unable to pick up any signal due to the flying of the unidentified objects on the horizon of the lake , 45km of which is in India while the remaining 90 km lies in under control of China 's People Liberation Army .
There was a suggestion that one of these flying objects needed to be shot down by the heat-seeking weaponry of the Indian Army , a proposal which was shot down as this region had last heard a gun shot only on October 29 , 1962 , during hostilities with China .
It was also thought that this move could trigger tension in the region , the sources said .
Intelligence agencies , with their sparse presence in this region , however , opined that this could be a psychological operation of the Chinese army and a possibility of launching `` Chinese lanterns '' during day break and in night was looked into by various astronomers , scientists and experts who have studied glaciers for years together , the sources said .
Experts from Ladakh-based Indian Astronomical Observatory and other scientists then studied the phenomenon of the luminous object and found that it disappeared in 12 to 18 minutes .
No crashing was also reported by the Border patrolling boat at the fringes of the lake and they reported that the light simply disappeared and there were no trace of it , the sources said .
The scientists and experts suspect that this could be one of the Chinese gimmicks to launch some lanterns which have a capability of attaining a height between 500 metres and 2000 metres and puzzle the Indian forces braving the chill and unfriendly terrain along the Line of Actual Control ( LAC ) .
Incidentally , the UK authorities had warned people not to fly the Chinese lanterns in 2010 within five mile off the airport and one mile of coastal line .
Many of the European countries have banned manufacturing of Chinese lanterns , which are traditionally constructed from oiled rice paper on a bamboo frame , and contain a a fuel cell composed of a waxy flammable material .
The flame heats the air inside the lantern and makes it airborne as long as the flame stays after which it sinks to the ground .
The history of Lantern used in battle ground dates back to third century when Zhuge Liang used this technique to seek help from their friends in fighting the enemy.The lanterns or balloons were deployed for signalling and a spy blimp .
Welcome to the Week 4 Corruption Challenge . If you have seen the t-shirt that I designed for the winner at the end of the 10 week period , please take a look .
This challenge is more diabolical than previous weeks , at least it was more difficult to build than I had planned for . If I was n't out of work this week , I would n't have had time to build this challenge ( that 's a hint to anyone out there who could use some help from a remote DBA like me ) . Starting my business has just been a bit slower than I expected , but that 's alright , I will get there .
Week 1 was just a wild idea that I had to start this corruption challenge , and I quickly threw something together . Nobody knew it was coming , and it was about 8 hours before anyone even noticed the challenge . Week 1 was won by Brent Ozar , and the solution involved recovering the missing data from covering non-clustered indexes , removing the corruption , and replacing the data from what was stored from the NC indexes . There were several other ways to solve it .
Week 2 built on week 1 utilizing a similar database , but with different problems . Week 2 was won by Rob Farley and involved pulling what was not corrupt out of the corrupt table , storing it off , then pulling the missing data from a backup , truncating the corrupt table , and then inserting the saved off data . The week 2 winning solution was provided just over 3 hours after the challenge was posted .
Between week 2 and 3 , I came up with the details on how scoring will work , decided on 3 criteria , the first correct solution each week gets 2 points , each other correct solution that is submitted before the deadline gets 1 point , and during the entire challenge , you can earn 1 point my linking to the Corruption Challenge from your or blog .
Week 3 was won by Randolph West just 37 minutes after the challenge was posted . This was the first week that Randolph has competed in the contest . This solution involved using full backups , log backups , and pulling a tail of the log backup from a database where the mdf was missing and there was only a ldf file . This one was a lot of fun , however people were able to solve it quicker than I had expected .
Between week 3 and week 4 , I designed a t-shirt that is available for purchase , and that will be awarded to the champion of the Corruption Challenge games at the end of the 10 week period .
On to week 4 , it is difficult for me to judge how long this will take , as I was the one who corrupted the database , and I know exactly what is broken . I would like to say that even knowing these things , it took me longer to solve this challenge than any of the other week challenges .
Week 4 looks something like this .
To get started , check out the details here , and be sure you read all the details on what you need to submit to be considered a winner .
Enjoy Database Corruption Challenge # 4 .
Related Links
For over seven years , the people of northeastern Nigeria have suffered unspeakable horrors at the hands of the deadly Islamist group Boko Haram . The group grabbed the world 's attention in 2014 after it kidnapped more than 270 schoolgirls , and over the weekend there were reports that dozens of the girls were freed in exchange for suspected extremists who had been detained . Thousands of people have been abducted , raped or slaughtered by the group .
The extremists have now been routed from much of their former stronghold , but where they once held sway , another horror has been revealed : More than five million people face acute food shortages , and nearly 44,000 face famine , which is declared when , among other criteria , two or more people out of 10,000 die every day . The group 's campaign of terror made it impossible for people in the territory they controlled to farm , fish or trade . Many will die without immediate food assistance .
Yet , help has been delayed . One reason is Nigeria 's perennial problem with corruption . President Muhammadu Buhari has worked in the northeast to address the famine , but last December a Nigerian Senate committee was unable to account for some $ 7.9 million allocated to the effort . Mr. Buhari 's cabinet secretary , David Babachir Lawal , was suspended on allegations they awarded contracts that were , in fact , a means to divert funds and an investigation was begun .
Nigeria 's economy is recovering from recession , making it even harder to pay for relief . United Nations aid groups are facing severe budget shortfalls as they struggle to help Nigeria and address the threat of famine in Yemen , Somalia and South Sudan .
Clerk of parliaments publishes letter on Lords ' site saying peer is not and has 'never been a member of the House of Lords '
The House of Lords has taken the unprecedented step of publishing a `` cease and desist '' letter on its website demanding that Lord Christopher Monckton , a prominent climate sceptic and the UK Independence party 's head of research , should stop claiming to be a member of the upper house .
The move follows a testy interview given by Monckton to an Australian radio station earlier this month in which they repeated their long-stated belief that they are a member of the House of Lords . When asked by ABC Sydney 's Adam Spencer if they were a member , they said : `` Yes , but without the right to sit or vote … [ The Lords ] have not yet repealed by act of parliament the letters patent creating the peerage and until they do I am a member of the house , as my passport records . It says I am the Right Honourable Viscount Monckton of Brenchley . So get used to it . ''
The letter , sent by David Beamish , clerk of the parliaments , to Monckton last Friday and now published on the Lords ' website , states : `` You are not and have never been a member of the House of Lords . Your assertion that you are a member , but without the right to sit or vote , is a contradiction in terms . No one denies that you are , by virtue of your letters patent , a peer . That is an entirely separate issue to membership of the House . This is borne out by the recent judgement in Baron Mereworth v Ministry of Justice ( Crown Office ) . ''
In May , Mr Justice Lewison threw out an action at the Royal Courts of Justice brought by Baron Mereworth , who maintains that it their hereditary entitlement to attend the Lords , despite the House of Lords Act 1999 debarring all but 92 of the 650 hereditary peers , including their late father Lord Oranmore and Browne . Mr Justice Lewison ruled : `` In my judgement , the reference [ in the House of Lords Act 1999 ] to a 'member of the House of Lords ' is simply a reference to the right to sit and vote in that house … In a nutshell , membership of the House of Lords means the right to sit and vote in that house . ''
The letter from Beamish to Monckton continues : `` I must therefore again ask that you desist from claiming to be a member of the House of Lords , either directly or by implication , and also that you desist from claiming to be a member 'without the right to sit or vote ' . I am publishing this letter on the parliamentary website so that anybody who wishes to check whether you are a member of the House of Lords can view this official confirmation that you are not . ''
The Guardian understands that the House of Lords has been consulting with its lawyers on this issue since the ABC radio interview aired . It is not yet clear what form of sanction the Lords has available to it should Monckton persist with their claim .
Last year , the then clerk of the parliaments , Michael Pownall , wrote to Monckton stressing that they were not entitled to call themselves a member , nor should they use parliament 's famous portcullis symbol on their letterheads or lecture slides , as they have done for a number of years .
Monckton wrote back stating that `` the House of Lords Act 1999 , which purported to exclude hereditary peers from membership of the House of Lords , is defective '' . They argued that the act removed the right to sit or vote in the upper house , but did not remove membership because peerages are granted by letters patent , which are a personal gift of the monarch . Monckton claimed in the letter that `` only a specific law can annul a grant . The 1999 act was a general law . ''
Buckingham Palace was drawn into the dispute when it was revealed that Pownall had sought advice from the Lord Chamberlain , a key officer in the royal household , on the potential misuse of the portcullis emblem due to it being the property of the Queen . The Buckingham Palace website states that any misuse of the emblem is prohibited by the Trade Marks Act 1994 , meaning Monckton could potentially be liable for fines and a six-month prison term if the palace pursues the matter and successfully prosecutes him .
Official logo of the House of Lords ( left ) and that used by Christopher Monckton ( right ) . Photograph : Torsten Blackwood/AFP/Getty Images
Monckton has since been using a slightly altered portcullis emblem on their lecture slides . The two chains hanging either side of portcullis are now kinked instead of straight . It is not known whether the Lord Chamberlain is content with the change . A spokesperson told the Guardian that the palace was `` aware of the issue '' , but it had a policy of not commenting on private correspondence between it and an individual .
Monckton is currently on a lecture tour of Australia discussing climate change . The tour has been dogged by venue cancellations after they referred to the Australian government 's former climate advisor Prof Ross Garnaut as a fascist during a recent lecture in Los Angeles . Footage of the lecture also showed Monckton displaying a swastika next to one of Garnaut 's quotes . Monckton later apologised for `` having made the point I was trying to make in such a catastrophically stupid and offensive way '' .
Source : Upsontedmuilo via Wikimedia Commons
There are many situations in which we would like to influence people 's behavior to do something to benefit others . If people would pick up one piece of trash as they walk , our cities would be cleaner . If people turned off lights when leaving a room , less energy would be used .
While most people express general agreement that they would like to do things to benefit others , they often pass up opportunities to do things that would have this benefit . Psychological research suggests a way to align people 's behavior with their broad stated .
Research by Peter Gollwitzer and their colleagues demonstrates that it is valuable for people to commit to specific behaviors rather than general ones . In addition , research on the escalation of commitment suggests that getting people to take a small step toward a goal can get them to take larger steps later .
If these techniques are combined , will that affect the behavior of real people who are not even aware they are in a study ? This issue was explored in a paper by Katie Baca-Motes , Amber Brown , Ayelet Gneezy , Elizabeth Keenan , and Leif Nelson in a 2012 paper in the Journal of Consumer Research .
These researchers focused on energy saving behavior by hotel guests . At check-in , guests at an Orange County , CA hotel ( probably a Disney property from the description ) were given either a general message about the importance of saving energy or a specific message asking them to hang their towels for re-use to save water and energy . Guests were asked to commit to this goal by checking Yes on a sheet . Overall , 98 % of guests given the general goal checked Yes , and 83 % of those guests given the specific goal checked Yes . The behavior of all guests in each condition were tracked , regardless of whether they checked Yes to commit to the goal .
Some guests given each message were also given a “ of ” pin to wear . Guests at this hotel often wear pins ( that is what makes me think it was a Disney property ) , so wearing a pin allows them to self-identify with the goal and to take a small step toward the goal .
There were also several control conditions in this study including some guests who were given no messages or pins—so they went through the regular check-in process—guests who were given a pin without any message , and guests who were told about the hotel 's commitment to save energy without having to make any commitments .
Staff trained to code data entered the hotel rooms on the guests ' first night at the hotel and counted the number of towels used and the number of used towels hung for re-use . They also noted whether guests turned out the lights when leaving the hotel .
Overall , guests asked to make a specific commitment and who were given a pin were most likely to hang towels for re-use , and they hung a greater proportion of their used towels than guests in the other conditions . These guests were also more likely to turn out the lights when leaving the room than guests in other conditions . Interestingly , those guests given a Friend of the Environment pin who did not get any message were actually less likely to hang towels for re-use than those in other conditions .
Guests who agreed to the general goal to save energy were at best slightly more likely than those who received no message at all . Thus , the general goal had little impact on people 's behavior . This finding is interesting , because people were somewhat more willing to commit to the general goal than to the specific one .
These data suggest that it is possible to have a real-world impact on people 's behavior . To do so , it is important to get people to commit to a specific course of action and not a general one . As I discuss in the book Smart Change , influencing the behavior of others requires specific plans and not general ones . Only when people are thinking about specific behaviors will they be reminded of what they are supposed to do in the context in which they are supposed to do it .
Follow me on Twitter .
And on Facebook and on Google+ .
Check out my book Smart Change .
And my books Smart Thinking and Habits of Leadership
Listen to my radio show on KUT radio in Austin Two Guys on Your Head and follow 2GoYH on Twitter and on Facebook . The show is available on iTunes and Stitcher .
AYOTZINAPA , Mexico ( Reuters ) - Mexico 's investigation into the abduction and apparent massacre of 43 students last year is plagued with errors and omissions and key parts may need to be redone , a review of the evidence shows .
The government 's team lost evidence , did not properly investigate some leads and failed to provide scientific proof to back up its account that the students were abducted and incinerated and their remains dumped in a river , lawyers familiar with the case documents say .
The government says its investigation is thorough and proves the students were murdered by a drug cartel in league with corrupt local police who mistook them for members of a rival gang and burned them to ashes at a rural garbage dump .
But evidence of flaws in government case documents reviewed by Reuters include how municipal and federal police and the army knew of the students ' movements before they were abducted in the southwestern city of Iguala last September .
That undermines the government 's assertion that local police confused the students with members of a criminal group called Los Rojos ( The Reds ) , rivals of the Guerreros Unidos ( United Warriors ) gang that it says murdered them .
Lawyers who have seen the government 's case file found a host of problems and say authorities cut corners because they were in a hurry the close the case , which drew international criticism .
“ There is evidence gathered by investigators that does n't hold up to public scrutiny , ” said Santiago Aguirre , a lawyer for families of the students , who all attended a teacher training college in the town of Ayotzinapa .
Some suspected hit men arrested in the case and on whose testimony the government 's account largely rests have claimed they were tortured , independent lawyers familiar with the case say . If proven , that could leave the investigation in tatters .
The government says the killers were so thorough in burning the students ' remains that it was only possible to identify one of the victims .
It also rejected allegations that the army or federal police may have been involved in the disappearances .
Reuters was not able to review all of the evidence from the government 's investigation . The documents it did review were provided by lawyers with access to them .
They say there is no scientific proof to back up the government 's account and that prosecutors did not follow basic protocols , such as reviewing phone records of the students , their relatives and police officers the night of Sept. 26 .
Some lines of investigation were not pursued until six months later , when a group of experts from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights ( IACHR ) arrived in Mexico to investigate the students ' disappearance .
The team , which includes seasoned former prosecutors from Guatemala and Colombia , had access to the case files and began to poke holes in the case .
It will present a report with its findings on Sunday . The conclusions may throw the government 's version of events into question and shine a spotlight on chronic flaws in Mexico 's justice system .
In January , President Enrique Pena Nieto drew strong public criticism when they urged Mexicans to move on and put the tragedy behind them .
“ We can not remain trapped in this moment of sorrow , tragedy and pain in Mexico 's history , ” they said .
FLAWS
Video footage of security cameras in the area where some of the students were last seen has vanished and only recently did prosecutors review the security cameras at a bus station where the police first approached the students .
The students ' clothing was left in two different prosecutor 's offices and overlooked until last month .
Almost a year later , some top suspects have still not been captured . They include two men the government says ordered the students ' murder , local police chief Felipe Flores and drug gang hit man Gilberto Lopez .
The president 's office , the attorney general 's office and the army declined to comment on Reuters ' findings .
The IACHR experts conducted dozens of interviews with detainees and witnesses , and examined the possible role of an army battalion located only a few blocks from where most of the students are believed to have been abducted .
The team was denied interviews , however , with 26 soldiers who had contact with the students that night .
Survivors of the police and gang attacks that night told Reuters they think the army , which has been accused by local human rights groups of hundreds of disappearances in Guerrero since the 1960s , should be probed .
“ They have been the specialists in disappearing people in Guerrero , ” Francisco Sanchez , one of around 20 students who escaped the attack .
Relatives carry photos of some of the 43 missing students of the Ayotzinapa teachers ' training college during a march to mark the ten-month anniversary of their disappearance , in Mexico City , Mexico , July 26 , 2015 . REUTERS/Stringer
They and others say they have since received threats and one of them was kidnapped and beaten by people they did not know .
“ The fear will always be here , mostly because we know how the people in the state and the government work , ” Ernesto Guerrero , a survivor , said .
“ But within that fear , there is also another feeling , which is rage ... We are going to keep going until they tell us what happened to our classmates . ”
This web site is a representation of my father 's the time served as a P.O.W . in World War II .
My dad , Marion Wright Hazard , was shot down in a B-17 over the Adriatic Sea , near Verona , Italy on February 24 , 1944 . This aircraft was in the 301st Bomb Group .
Several years after their death , a descendant of one of their campmates found this journal and contacted my family and sent this journal to my family . They had left it behind on the day they were liberated .
The book is a collaboration of my dad and their campmates . All images are untouched and unaltered .
In the journal , Dad dedicated it to those who lost their lives on 42-31872 . This web site is dedicated to the memory of my father and to every man and woman who has served our country in the armed forces , as well as all teachers and police officers .
– Scott Hazard
Here is the POW Journal
Here is an interesting story that relates to their time in England .
In 2010 , I had the chance to take a ride on the Collings Foundation B-17 . I was glad to do this . It was an amazing experience . If you ever get a chance to ride on one of their warbirds , I strongly suggest it . These old birds are amazing and wo n't be around for ever .
My dad and I got in to RC in 1976 . We had a great time with this for many years . I got out of RC and got back in in 2016 . I love the changes technology has brought to RC .
You can see my RC collection at my blog , HazardousAviation.com .
Milan Kundera begins their new novel , The Festival of Insignificance , with an unusual philosophical query — why are belly buttons so sexy right now ? Or , as Mr. Kundera writes in more erudite language , underscoring the absurdity of their question , “ how to define the eroticism of a man ( or an era ) that sees female seductive power as centered in the middle of the body , in the navel ? ”
This inquiry comes after Alain , the first character introduced , meditates on the meanings of erotic fixations of different eras : thighs , buttocks , and breasts . Finally , Alain concludes that while those three body parts are unique to each woman , all navels look the same . And thus , our era has lost a certain celebration of individuality .
Directly after Kundera introduces this belly button query , they insert a scene about another man torn between desire to attend a Marc Chagall show and repulsion at the thought of becoming “ part of that endless queue ” outside the museum , suffering from overcrowded galleries where “ bodies and chatter would obscure the paintings. ” Here , they exemplify the tension between an individual and a group . Not only does a group prohibit this individual 's access to art , but also the individual 's enjoyment of art , should they enter the museum . Art and sexuality , once sacred and individual pleasures , have lost some of their potency and become banal elements of a mainstream popular culture .
It 's a bleak assessment of contemporary life from an author with over 80 years of experience in the world . Yet , it 's Kundera writing it , not your grandfather , so it 's more poignant , surreal , and funny than the typical line of thought that begins something like , “ In my day , milk cost less than a dollar and English professors could still get jobs. ” In seven short , loosely-connected chapters , the author writes of the trials and tribulations of four aging male friends ( Alain , Ramon , Charles , and Caliban ) as they move among the Paris streets , attend a party , and share an extended joke about Joseph Stalin and Nikita Khrushchev .
The novel most deeply explores the generational divide as it details Alain 's relationship with Madeleine , a young woman many years their junior :
Even the dialogue between two lovers , if their birth dates are too far apart , is only the intertwining of two monologues , each holding for the other much that is not understood . That was why , for instance , they never knew if the reason Madeleine twisted the names of the past was that they had never heard of them or that they were parodying them on purpose , to make clear to everyone that they were not the least bit interested in anything that had happened before their own lifetime .
The narrator suggests an unbridgeable gap between generations . How can a man ( say , Kundera ) , who was at one time a member of the Communist Party , became partly involved in the Prague Spring , and is now living in exile , write something that will make any sense to a millennial ( say , me ) , an American who was born after the fall of the Berlin Wall and now receives much of my news in 140 characters ? It 's certainly a depressing thought for those of us who want to believe that some human experiences — love , grief , joy , pain — transcend generations .
Yet , it 's also notable that Madeleine is either unaware of — or is n't interested in — anything that happened before they were born , that the older man has chosen someone totally preoccupied with the present and future , who chooses to be ignorant . The affair becomes a way for Alain to both forget and escape the past , to dwell in conversations that amount only to insignificance .
Another character , Caliban , meets a maid who develops an interest in them after learning that they speak neither of the languages ( French or Portuguese ) in which she 's able to converse . They do , in fact , speak French , but they have told people that they only speaks Pakistani . The two speak to each other in their own languages without hope of ever being understood . When they do speak , it 's of trivialities , like the maid 's choice in lipstick colors . In a variation on the same theme , Kundera introduces a character named Quaquelique who seduces women by making banal remarks that demand “ no intelligent response whatever. ” He 's quite successful .
It all seems like a cop out . There 's something cowardly about choosing a romantic partner with whom you 'll never have a meaningful conversation . Instead of devoting themselves to romantic relationships , these characters choose partners with whom they 're literally and figuratively speaking in a different language . It 's certainly a shift from the characters in Kundera 's most famous work , The Unbearable Lightness of Being , who seek love and immerse themselves in complex affairs . As a reader , it 's more difficult to invest in the new characters of The Festival of Insignificance and their partners when they are only interested in attachments that are ultimately insignificant . They do n't care , so it 's difficult for the reader to care .
So , in this novel that suggests that art , sexuality , and love have all lost their power in the 21st century , is there any redemption at all ?
In a small line , the narrator explicitly reveals what they do value among the trivialities in our lives , our individual festivals of insignificance . “ In my unbeliever 's dictionary , only one word is sacred : ‘ friendship , ' ” they say . This line holds promise for an explanation of friendship , its merits , and the reasons why it trumps all other human relationships . The reader might expect Kundera , in their own masterful way , to raise questions about the nature of friendship and platonic love in the way they contemplate contemporary life and attitudes toward sexuality and art .
Kundera does n't deliver . Instead of exploring what brought these men together and makes their relationship work , they focus instead on those relationships that hold no significance . The readers hear the friends ' witty conversations and witness their rogue activities , but never much more . In its own twisted logic , the novel asserts that the insignificant is actually significant and worthy of its own narrative . But for the reader looking for four fully developed characters , a clear picture of what makes the bond between them so “ sacred , ” and some questioning of human interactions , it 's not fulfilling .
It 's a shame . Kundera has written novels that raise complicated questions about political ideology and human interaction while engaging with fraught historical conflicts . Yet with this new installment , they seem to reject the more thoughtful approach and substitute it for this short work about what does n't matter . Sure , they end with a lyrical appreciation of “ the value of insignificance , ” but it does n't satisfy . At the conclusion of the novel , Ramon gives a monologue in which they state , “ Insignificance , my friend , is the essence of existence. ” The way that Kundera structures the novel , it seems to call for some final , conclusive speech . Here it is ! The narrator teases . You wanted a pearl of wisdom , and this is it !
The narrator also mocks those readers looking for something more substantial . Another character outside of the core friend group , D'Ardelo , says nothing when Ramon makes this proclamation about insignificance . The narrator states , “ Ramon understands that their hymn to insignificance has not succeeded in pleasing this man so attached to the gravity of grand truths. ” Ramon disparages D'Ardelo for their earnestness . To appease him , Ramon tells them that they looked beautiful next to a woman at a party .
At fewer than 150 pages , The Festival of Insignificance is a breezy read that just might prove to be insignificant within Kundera 's larger oeuvre . The book contains a multitude of ideas , some more satisfactorily detailed than others . The thing about belly buttons , though , is that they do n't all look the same . Just ask the piercer at your local tattoo parlor . And if you think they do , you just might not be looking hard enough . Alain 's conclusion is based on a fallacy , and their initial question , too , is based on a premise that is n't quite believable — I still have yet to meet a man , millennial or otherwise , who prefers belly buttons to buttocks , thighs , or breasts . Perhaps , after all , there is still hope for this era , for individual experience , and for lives of some significance .
Asheville , North Carolina . Portland , Oregon . Portland , Maine . In the past decade or so , those cities ( along with Seattle , Washington , and Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) have become something of craft beer meccas , where aficionados descend to sample the best in local , small-batch brews . But recently , a certain Canadian city has been quietly catching up .
Vancouver 's craft beer scene is hopping thanks to adventurous entrepreneurs who have ventured past the city 's downtown core to open their own breweries . What were once warehouses , bike shops , or industrial facilities in edgy neighborhoods are now occupied by brew houses with chic tasting rooms and driven by an independent spirit and true love of beer . Nowhere is this more evident than in the historic Brewery Creek area along Main Street and in East Vancouver , or Yeast Van in local parlance . Here , a guide to the must-visit places—plus a look at what to order—should you want to experience the Canadian city 's burgeoning beer scene .
Brassneck
The neighborhood : Mount Pleasant
The vibe : Set on trendy Main Street , Brassneck is one of the liveliest breweries in town . You can see the action through a wall of glass as you drive or walk by . Step inside and you find the growler shop—for the uninitiated , a growler is a jug used to transport beer—and a tasting room that accommodates just 50 lucky drinkers at a time . The décor mixes raw concrete with lots of reclaimed wood planks through which you can peep into the brew house and cellar . This is the type of place where you might end up sharing a communal table with a local and getting tips on where to walk off your hangover in the woods the next day .
The beers : Since opening in 2013 , Brasshneck has brewed more than 75 different beers—from barrel-aged imperial stouts to corn lagers , sour beers , and traditional saisons . The beers are handwritten on the chalkboard every day .
What to try : Magician 's Assistant is a tart blonde ale with fruity hops notes .
The menu : Want something salty or spicy to go with your beer ? They 've got pepperoni and jerky on the menu . And many days at 5:30 p.m. , a different food truck sets up in front of Brassneck . Buy some food and bring it inside . On Fridays , for example , you might grab a margherita pizza from Community Pizza , while on Thursdays you may get a caprese sandwich from Via Tevere .
Strathcona Beer Company
The neighborhood : Strathcona , one of Vancouver 's oldest residential 'hoods .
The vibe : The tasting room has been meticulously designed , from the raw concrete floors , to the tiny exposed bulbs built into the white planked ceiling that light up the room , and the yellow neon sign that spells Community . The look is industrial chic but without the pretense . There 's plenty of sitting room in booths and along the white-fir-topped communal tables . One corner of the tasting room is a glass walled space where pop-up art and other community events will take place .
The beers : The MO at Strathcona Beer Company , which launched in summer 2016 , is to produce top-notch classic , international beer styles like pilsner , British IPA , and Belgian golden ale , as well as seasonal brews—saison or radler .
What to try : Pale and hazy , the saison is a farmhouse ale with subtle peppery flavor and fruity aromatics .
The menu : A gourmet pizza kitchen makes delicious thin-crust pies . There are also salads , popcorn , and charcuterie and cheese plates .
Strange Fellows Brewing
The neighborhood : East Vancouver
The vibe : From outside , the large black building that houses this brewery looks like many of the warehouses that line the truck-heavy street . But you hear none of the traffic once you walk in the light-filled room outfitted in concrete , wood , and steel design elements . Whimsical papier-mâché masks by local artist Christine Moulson hang on the walls . Once a month , the brewery celebrates a different “ strange day ” inspired by folklore and traditions from around the globe . In January 2016 , for example , the Strange Fellows staff celebrated Up Helly AA , a Shetland island pagan fire festival . On other occasions , there are live bands , and exhibits in the art gallery .
The beers : Influenced by Old World traditions but with both feet firmly planted in West Coast ingenuity and seasonal ingredients , veteran local brewer Iain Hill crafts an ever-changing selection of beers and sours . Moulson 's illustrations of mermaids , dragons , and wolves decorate the beer bottles and growlers .
What to try : Talisman , a dry-hopped and golden-hued ale with citrusy aroma . Ivanka the Tart is a pale and sour grisette .
The menu : The bar menu consists mostly of snacks like cured meats . They also offer a charcuterie board that changes regularly . On some evenings , a food truck is parked up front .
Main Street Brewing
The neighborhood : Mount Pleasant
The vibe : Sitting pretty on a quiet side street off bustling Main Street is a heritage building originally constructed for a brewery and now home to . . . a brewery . High ceilings , exposed brick walls , concrete floors ( Vancouverites love their concrete ) , wood beams , and potted trees give this tasting room the laid-back feel of sitting in someone 's covered patio .
The beers : Main Street Brewing makes five year-round beers—pilsner , IPA , pale ale , brown ale , saison—and daily cask selections that are featured on their chalkboard .
What to try : The Westminster brown ale has a malty flavor , citrus pine aroma . Canadian , English , German malts with wheat , oats and molasses give this meal-in-a-glass beer a malty finish with waves of caramel and brown sugar .
The menu : Tasty pulled-pork tacos , nachos , smoked salmon plate , giant pretzels served with Westminster brown ale mustard , and of course , a charcuterie board .
Faculty Brewing Co .
The neighborhood : Olympic Village
The vibe : Located in a former bike shop on a quiet corner just blocks from where athletes resided during the 2010 Winter Olympics is this tiny brewery . The tasting room , all concrete floors and white painted walls and ceiling , features just two communal tables with sitting for 28 . This is a good place to go solo and meet locals .
The beers : Faculty Brewing Co. serves straight from the tanks . Beers are given a number , the same way universities number their courses by their degree of complexity and expertise . Each beer 's corresponding number reflects the sophistication of its flavor profile .
What to try : New to beer ? Start with a 100 level brew , such as a 109 Kolsch . Want something more experimental and bold-flavored ? Try the 778 IPA , a well-balanced ale with a characteristic citrus hops aroma .
The menu : Recently the folks at Faculty Brewing Co. have hosted pop-up lunches with Mensch , a local Jewish deli that makes the meanest pastrami sandwiches in town . Pop-ups with other local chefs are in the works .
Have any movie directors or producers revealed themselves to be `` masters '' of science fiction in recent years ? In this chart , we look at how some of the contenders for SF mastery have fared .
Update : I apologize , I have n't been online much due to the holidays . I realized that there was an erroneous data point for Andrew Stanton in 2009 that was never supposed to be there . I missed it when I initially looked over the graph , but it 's been removed now .
Advertisement
As we 've been reflecting on the last ten years , we 've been asking ourselves whether any true `` masters '' of science fiction and urban fantasy have emerged , especially in film and television . It 's certainly been a decade of highs and lows , of old masters who 've begun to fade and bright new stars just cresting the horizon .
To that end , I 've attempted to chart the relative `` master levels '' of various directors and television producers over the several years . This is an utterly unscientific chart ; I looked at the projects these folks have had since 2000 and assigned each one a `` master level . '' The number reflects my understanding of the projects acclaim , its ability to attract an audience ( i.e . box office/Nielsen numbers ) , its awards , whether it succeeded in something unusual ( such as a relatively popular foreign language film in the case of Guillermo del Toro 's Pan 's Labyrinth or Dr. Horrible 's status as a breakthrough web film ) , and the nebulous sense that it add or subtracted from the individual 's `` geek cred . '' The numbers themselves are largely subjective and , of course , you should feel free to nitpick .
The greater purpose was to offer a watercolory sense of whether any `` masters '' have emerged from this crowd . Certainly , the last year has brought low some of the genres ' promising potentials . Joss Whedon entered into the decade riding high on a Buffy/Angel cocktail . Though their name was n't enough to overcome Fox 's confusing treatment of Firefly , but the show 's eventual cult popularity led to the Serenity feature film , and the Whedon brand helped make Dr. Horrible 's Sing-Along Blog an important moment for web-based content . Perhaps this all made Dollhouse — which has been , by turns , frustrating and brilliant — all the more disappointing , its impeding demise fairly readily accepted , even by Whedon 's fanbase . Similarly , Ron Moore 's Battlestar Galactica , despite being regarded by some readers as the most overrated scifi of the decade , was regarded by many as a turning point for smart , politically savvy space opera . But a rocky final season punctuated by finale filled with dei ex machinae left a lot of folks sour on the entire series . And the Wachowskis , while doing a solid ( though Alan Moore-enraging ) bit of cinema with V for Vendetta , never quite lived up to the promises of The Matrix .
Advertisement
But there have been plenty of masterful bright spots as well . Bryan Fuller gave us some beautiful urban fantasy with shows with Dead Like Me , Wonderfalls , and Pushing Daisies , even if many of their efforts ( including the truly amazing The Amazing Screw-On Head ) were prematurely axed , or shafted before ever getting off the ground . Guillermo del Toro brought us to great heights with Pan 's Labyrinth , even if their other eye candy films did n't hit the same heights .
So have we seen any masters ? Peter Jackson has certainly come close . Granted , The Lord of the Rings movies are high fantasy , but they showcased Jackson 's ability to handle a difficult epic in a way that not only pleased JRR Tolkien 's fans , but also won them mainstream accolades . And their remake of King Kong , which should have been automatically anathema , proved both profitable and well-reviewed . The Lovely Bones have been their blip , earning them their worst reviews in 20 years . But it 's more likely that 2009 will be remembered as the year Jackson introduced the world to filmmaker Neill Blomkamp , demonstrating that they have a good eye for new talent and the Hollywood cache to bring that talent to light . It 's not for nothing that they made this year 's power list .
Advertisement
Another power list member , JJ Abrams , has also given us a good spate of fun and thoughtful science fiction . While they did n't give us the decade 's best monster movie , they did manage to reboot the Star Trek franchise in a way that was respectful to what came before and drew in folks who never turned into the TV shows . Of course , we still have yet to see as Lost will end and whether Fringe will survive .
Advertisement
Chris Nolan is on the list of promising possibilities for eventual masterhood . Although Memento was n't science fiction , it took a `` what if '' concept ( here , what if a man searching for their wife 's killer had no short term memory ) and portrayed it in a thoughtful , suspenseful , and ultimately heartbreaking way . And they not only shot fresh blood into the corpse of the Batman franchise , they made it Oscar-worthy . And now he 's continuing the science fiction thread with Inception .
And , of course , there 's the question of whether James Cameron will prove the kind of science fiction as much as they claimed to be the king of the world . Their foray into science fiction television , Dark Angel , never fared particularly well in the ratings ; it was eventually canceled in favor of Firefly , and it never achieved the posthumous popularity of the later show . But perhaps Avatar is the reinforcement of their previous scifi successes , proof that they can still be relevant where other long-time directors have started to fade away . Hopefully , we wo n't have to wait another 12 years to see their next installment .
Personally , though , after seeing the delightful Monsters Inc. followed by the superb The Incredibles and WALL-E , I have my fingers crossed for Andrew Stanton and Pixar Studios . Here 's hoping that John Carter of Mars is something phenomenal .
Advertisement
Still , singling out directors and producers as possible masters might be missing the point entirely , even when we 're talking about movies and TV . Alan Moore might well be your science fiction master , not just because they have written so many fantastic books , but also because those books have captured the imagination of so many directors in the last several years — albeit with varying results . And in the coming years we 'll see how comic book writer Brian K. Vaughan — who has been working on Lost as well as the Buffy Season Eight comics — translates to the big screen when Y : The Last Man , Ex Machina , and Runaways hit theaters .
So who , if anyone , do you see as your science fiction master ? Someone from the list above ? Perhaps Russell T. Davis for reviving and expanding Doctor Who ? Or maybe writers like Jane Espenson , who have worked on so many of the shows we love ? And , with filmmakers like Neill Blomkamp and Duncan Jones arriving on the scene , who might prove themselves master of the genre in the next ten years ?
Graph by Steph Fox .
Here 's a bonus chart , with more data :
The Espaço Cultural Porto Seguro , a new centre for the arts designed by Brazilian firm São Paulo Arquitetura which is headed by architects Miguel Muralha and Yuri Vital , was envisioned as a key hub to provide the inhabitants of Campos Elíseos with a much-needed centre dedicated to culture and creativity .
The project is located in the Paulista area of the Brazilian metropolis . Situated in the city centre , this lively district is home to the headquarters of the São Paulo government and the busy train stations of Júlio Prestes and Luz , however it has , in recent years , seen a rise in social problems . The new centre was built to encourage urban rejuvenation , hoping to bring a flood of creative opportunities to the area through a variety of events , from festivals to exhibitions , symposiums and parties .
The centre 's striking concrete volume is divided into five defined areas ; administration , museology , classrooms , bathrooms and a series exhibition spaces , all of which were designed with flexibility of use in mind . Access to the back half of the building is provided through a ramp , placed in a gap that slices the building in two . A ‘ second skin ' made out of timber is used in parts of the facade to bring in natural light and ventilation where neded .
The angular building also comes equipped with outdoor space in the form of a 'cultural square ' . This helps the centre ‘ exceed the physical limit of the building and create alternative exhibition spaces outdoors . ' The square will also host facilities such as a gift shop and restaurant , ensuring that the Espaço Cultural Porto Seguro and its locale quickly become a hotspot for locals and visitors who want to sample the area 's cultural happenings .
By Kim Gilmour
Did you know that Spotify is n't only about music ? Actually , there are plenty of other things to listen to on Spotify , from sound effects to self-help audiobooks . Here are some of the more interesting finds :
Audio books and audio dramas : Although Spotify concentrates on adding music , you can find the odd audio book on Spotify . Spotify probably will continue to actively expand this area in the future . And you can find a lot of examples of audio dramas such as Pride and Prejudice , Three Men in a Boat , and Sherlock Holmes narrated by famous actors such as Joanna Lumley , Hugh Laurie , and Sir John Gielgud listed on Jer White 's blog .
Comedy : There are hundreds of comic albums on Spotify : Monty Python , Billy Connolly , Steve Martin , Robin Williams , Steven Wright , and Chris Rock are some of the more familiar names . You can also find a few more alternative acts . Be warned that some of the language and the content may not be to your taste .
Apollo missions : Did you know you can listen to all the recordings from Apollo missions released by NASA on Spotify ? The famous “ Houston , we have a problem ” line is found about 20 seconds into the Apollo 13 , Excerpt 9 track .
Audio guides : There are a number of City Speaker audio guides on Spotify that you can listen to before you go on vacation . Or if you have a Premium subscription , why not sync tracks to your mobile phone and play them in Offline mode when you 're out and about ? The banter between the two presenters is a little cheesy , but that 's in keeping with the touristy spirit of audio guides ! Cities in the series include Barcelona , Brussels , London , Marseille , New York , Prague , and many more .
Material Design for Dart #
A User Interface Library / GUI-Framework to
develop Progressive Web Apps ( PWA ) in Dart .
Homepage | PUB | Facebook | Kitchen Sink | GitHub | GibtHub WebSite + Samples
I switch from the old , unsupported DI-Package to Dice
It 's awesome - check it out .
Material Components for web #
Google switched from MaterialDesignLite to Material Components for web
The Dart-Version makes the same move . I 'm working on `` Material Components for Dart ''
Stay tuned - I 'll make the move for you as smooth as possible .
www.material-design-lite.pub .
MDL/Dart is also on Facebook
Material Design Lite lets you add a Material Design look and feel to your dynamic websites and web app . It does n't rely on any JavaScript frameworks or libraries . Optimised for cross-device use , gracefully degrades in older browsers , and offers an experience that is accessible from the get-go .
Since v1.18 MDL/Dart is STRONG_MODE compliant !
If you use material.css from cdn.rawgit.com - do n't forget to specify your MDL-Dart version in for your css-link
< link id= '' theme '' rel= '' stylesheet '' href= '' https : //cdn.rawgit.com/MikeMitterer/dart-mdl-theme/v < latest mdl-dart version > /red-pink/material.min.css '' > < ! -- Something like this : -- > < link id= '' theme '' rel= '' stylesheet '' href= '' https : //cdn.rawgit.com/MikeMitterer/dart-mdl-theme/v1.18.1/red-pink/material.min.css '' >
More on themes : http : //styleguide.material-design-lite.pub/ # /theming
Check out the CHANGELOG ! to see what 's new .
Breaking changes in 1.18 ! #
All mdl-js-xxx CSS-classes are gone ! It 's not necessary anymore to define e.g . mdl-button and ! mdl-js-button for a MDL-Widget . The Widget-class is enough .
< ! -- NEW -- > < button class= '' mdl-button mdl-button -- colored mdl-ripple-effect '' > Flat < /button > < ! -- OLD -- > < button class= '' mdl-button mdl-js-button mdl-button -- colored mdl-ripple-effect '' > Flat < /button >
Getting started #
Here is a short guide to help you to set up your MDL/Dart page
Main features #
16 base components ready to use
4 different Dialogs , AlertDialog , ConfirmDialog , Notification-Messages and Snackbar
Directives
Drag and Drop
Formatters
Mustache-Based Components ( Template based )
Nice , ready to use , templates
Single Page Application
Routing
Dependency injection
Samples , samples , samples
Theming
Visit the website for a `` Quick start '' or check out the Kitchen Sink
Check out the samples
Download all the samples as TGZ from here
MDLFlux for Data-Handling #
( REACT-like Actions , ActionBus , Dispatcher and DataStore )
Flux - Overview
MDLFlux in action : ToDO-Sample ( Source )
All samples-sources are now on GH dart-material-design-lite-site
Features and bugs #
Please file feature requests and bugs at the issue tracker .
Copyright 2016 Michael Mitterer ( office @ mikemitterer.at ) , IT-Consulting and Development Limited , Austrian Branch __ ___ ____ __ __ __ ____ __ / |/ // __ \ / / / // / / __ \ ____ _ _____ / /_ / /|_/ // / / // / / // /_ / / / // __ ` // ___// __/ / / / // /_/ // /___/__ __// /_/ // /_/ // / / /_ /_/ /_//_____//_____/ /_/ /_____/ \__ , _//_/ \__/ Licensed under the Apache License , Version 2.0 ( the `` License '' ) ; you may not use this file except in compliance with the License . You may obtain a copy of the License at http : //www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing , software distributed under the License is distributed on an `` AS IS '' BASIS , WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND , either express or implied . See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License .
If this plugin is helpful for you - please ( Circle ) me or star this repo here on GitHub
Over at Reason , Ed Krayewski has a story about a particularly outrageous Catch-22 at the intersection of police lawlessness and modern free speech law .
NYPD Officer Craig Matthews complained about an illegal quota system for stops and arrests . As anyone familiar with NYPD culture could predict , they experienced retaliation from their superiors for doing so . When they sued , the NYPD hit them with an argument that 's outrageous but very likely legally correct : it 's your job to report misconduct , so the First Amendment does n't prohibit us from retaliating against you for doing so .
Wait , what ?
The Association of Lawless Broomstick-Fetishist Brown-Person-Groping Can't-Shoot-Straight Thugs has a point . Because their employer is the government , public employees have limited First Amendment rights to be free of employer retaliation for their speech . But in in Garcetti v. Ceballos the Supreme Court said that right protects speech on matters of public concern unless the speech is part of a job duty :
We hold that when public employees make statements pursuant to their official duties , the employees are not speaking as citizens for First Amendment purposes , and the Constitution does not insulate their communications from employer discipline .
Thus in Garcetti the Court said a Deputy DA had no right to be free of retaliation for pointing out perjury in an arrest warrant application because doing so was their job . I explained how this doctrine works — and how courts have made an exception for professors at public colleges — in this post .
The result is that an entity like the NYPD can argue that its officers are required by their job to report unlawful activity by their superiors and fellow officers , and that therefore their act of reporting such misconduct enjoys no First Amendment protection . They may still enjoy protection under state or federal whistleblower laws , but not the First Amendment . ( Whistleblower laws have their own issues , a subject for another post ) .
The district court 's opinion dismissing Officer Matthews ' complaint is here . The opinion is very likely correct under current Supreme Court precedent . I submit that it fails to confront adequately one massive problem with this doctrine : a public employer can claim it has a formal policy requiring public employees to report misconduct , while having an actual real-life policy of firing , retaliating against , and even brutalizing whistleblowers . Under this doctrine , as currently applied , the public employer 's lie about its policy will protect it from First Amendment claims by whistleblowers . Whatever alleged obligation to report wrongdoing the NYPD may impose on its officers , functionally it has an unwritten doctrine of abusing whistleblowers . That doctrine is demonstrated in practice by case after case after case .
But Garcetti apparently permits the NYPD to indulge in a culture of lawlessness while claiming devotion to the law .
Last 5 posts by Ken White
Should churches be used as polling spots ? Voters from North Carolina to Minnesota have complained of their overt political messaging on Election Day
In South Saint Paul , Minn. , on Election Day , residents showed up at St. John Vianney Catholic Church to vote and were greeted with a banner outside the polling place entrance that read , “ Strengthen Marriage , Do n't Redefine It . ”
Minnesota was voting on a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage , and the Catholic Church had been the most vocal proponent of the ballot measure .
Advertisement :
Voters snapped photos of the banner , which quickly gained attention on Twitter and Facebook .
Ivan Kowalenko took one of those photos . They told Minnesota Public Radio , “ I was shocked , I did n't think that would be allowed . I was hearing that you 're not allowed to wear any political slogan of your own , so it does n't seem entirely appropriate that a voting venue would be allowed to express an opinion . ”
At a separate polling place at St. Joseph 's Church in West St. Paul , Stephanie Weiss was waiting in line to vote , and they noticed a sign posted to the wall . It was a prayer , written by Twin Cities Archbishop John Nienstedt , that urged Catholics to defend God 's plan for marriage — between one man and one woman .
They took a picture of the sign , which was shared on Facebook among many opponents of the amendment .
“ I thought , this is why you ca n't campaign within 100 feet . This is how you disenfranchise people , right here , ” they told The Star Tribune . “ If it is n't campaign material , it was still a really insightful experience for me , but I 'm shaking . ”
In Minnesota , campaign materials must be 100 feet or more away from a building that is serving as a polling place . In both instances , the state statute was violated .
Advertisement :
The Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis called the incidents an oversight , and the signs came down by midday on Election Day .
Incidents like these have caused advocates for separation of church and state to urge elections officials to end the practice of using churches as polling places , or at the very least , beef up enforcement of polling place rules when churches are being used as polling places .
What happened in Minnesota is a familiar story to voters in North Carolina . That state voted in favor of a constitutional amendment in May that banned same-sex marriage and civil unions . Several churches that were serving as polling places posted signs in support of that amendment .
Open Door Baptist Church in Morehead City put the words “ Vote for Marriage ” on its marquee the day of the primary election , according to the Carteret County News-Times . Earlier this month , the church doubled down on its politicking with a sign that read , “ Vote for life and marriage . ”
Advertisement :
In Wilmington , North Carolina , Devon Park United Methodist Church put up the words “ A true marriage is male and female and God ” during the May vote on the constitutional amendment . That church was serving as a polling place .
The church 's pastor , William H. Pearsall Sr. , told the Wilmington Star-News that it was their idea and that their church council agreed to put the message up . “ We agreed that we needed to stand up for Christian values , ” Pearsall said . They also told the paper , “ In our church , God 's word never changes and it 's the truth . ”
In all three instances in North Carolina , the signs were outside of the buffer zone set by state statute and were , therefore , legal . However , the incidents prompted a call by some residents and advocacy groups to revamp the selection process for polling places .
Advertisement :
In a letter to the North Carolina State Board of Elections ( PDF ) , the American Humanist Association asked the state to consider choosing only public buildings as polling places in light of the politicking that occurred on church property .
The group warned that the current system “ permits county elections boards to choose as polling places partisan , politically-involved institutions such as churches . ”
In North Carolina , the Christian church was a huge backer of the constitutional amendment , and many churches who had taken a public stand in support of the amendment were also serving as polling places .
Advertisement :
“ While churches of course have the right to speak about their views , the fact that they do so makes church properties themselves unsuitable for use by the public at large as a place to engage in their most fundamental of democratic activities , ” the American Humanist Association wrote .
Opposition to marriage equality is n't the only issue churches that served as polling places delved into this Election Day .
Several Catholic churches across the country had similar anti-abortion displays greeting voters when they arrived at the polls .
Sacred Heart of Mary Catholic Church in Boulder , Colo. , prompted complaints from voters over an anti-abortion display . Above a field of tiny white crosses was a sign that read , “ 3,300 Abortions Daily in the USA . ”
Advertisement :
Elections officials told the Boulder Daily Camera that initially church representatives said they would take the display down before the elections but later called back to say , “ Father has elected to keep it up . ”
The display was outside the 100-foot buffer zone required by Colorado law , but even if the display was legal , Boulder County officials have decided to no longer use the church as a polling place , according to the Daily Camera .
And the ACLU has gotten involved . In a letter to county elections officials , the Boulder County chapter said the display could be construed as voter intimidation .
“ The Church had the First Amendment right to maintain this provocative and , to some , intimidating anti-abortion display on their property , ” said the letter , obtained by the Daily Camera . “ But the fundamental constitutional and statutory right to vote must prevail in this case on the property of a polling place selected by the County . ”
Advertisement :
The letter continued : “ This situation could have been avoided . The County had a contract with the church , and could have made sure this display was not present on polling place property on Election Day , or the polling place could have been moved . ”
In St. Louis , Missouri , the Assumption Parish Rectory , a Catholic institution , also had a field of tiny crosses with a sign near the entrance to the polls that read , “ Life : God 's Choice . ”
Resident Lynn Byrd contacted the Eureka-Wildwood Patch after taking pictures of the display .
“ I find this offensive , and believe it to be inappropriate behavior , ” they told the Patch . “ I just do not believe this is appropriate for a polling place . Maybe we just need a different polling place if the church insists on such behavior . ”
Advertisement :
Missouri prohibits political materials within 25 feet of a polling place . It 's unclear from state statute whether the anti-abortion display constitutes political materials .
Reverend Patrick J. Driscoll , associate pastor defended the display in an email to TAI : “ So that you know , that sign is up all year long . Life is precious and God 's gift . ”
And one voter in Cincinnati , Ohio , told the Cincinnati Enquirer about a field of tiny crosses and anti-abortion messaging at St. Jude Church , which was serving as a polling place .
“ It was reprehensible for St. Jude to take advantage of their location to promote their political agenda , ” said James Umlauf . “ Perhaps it 's time to move the polling places to neutral ground . ”
Advertisement :
St. Jude Church did not respond to a request for comment about the display .
In some polling locations , churches combined the anti-gay and anti-abortion messaging .
According to the Athens News , in Vincent , Ohio , the county elections board was looking into complaints on Election Day about a sign at Lighthouse Baptist Church reading , “ Vote Life , Vote Family , Vote the Bible ! ” a reference to the church 's stance against abortion and gay marriage . It was unclear from press reports whether the sign was outside the 100-foot buffer required by Ohio law and the church did not respond to TAI 's request for more information .
Other reports showed pictures of voter guides within feet of polling booths .
Advertisement :
In Virginia , a voter voting at an Assemblies of God church noticed voter guides created by the Family Research Council , Focus on the Family and the Family Foundation about 20 feet from the polling booths . A voter sent Raw Story a video from that polling place .
Pastor Bernie Newcomb told The American Independent that the church did not sanction the voter guides and was n't sure how they got placed on a table so close to the voting booths . They said they first heard about the guides on Wednesday morning following the election .
They said a church employee read the report by Raw Story and was upset . Newcombe said the church alerted election authorities on the morning after the election .
“ Nobody in the church leadership approved having the voter guides there , ” Newcomb told TAI . They speculated that it might have been one of the church parishioners who placed the voter guides near the polling booths , but they “ were not placed there intentionally by the church . ”
However , Newcomb said they viewed the voter guides the day after the election . “ I think they are totally fair , ” they said . “ They cover a wide range of issues and seem non-partisan . ”
Those voter guides ( PDF ) rated President Obama and Republican candidate Mitt Romney on issues such as “ taxpayer funding for abortion ” and “ open homosexuality in the military . ”
The Rev . Barry Lynn , executive director of Americans United for the Separation of Church and State , penned an opinion piece for CNN on Election Day .
They noted that part of the problem with voting in churches is that , in many cases , the church has staked out a position on issues that are on the ballot .
“ Many churches and other houses of worship have taken stands on these issues and lots of others , which is their prerogative , ” they wrote . “ Although federal law prohibits churches from endorsing or opposing candidates , they have the right to speak out on ballot referenda and on other issues , from abortion to zoning . ”
They added , “ All of this church-based political activity makes me uneasy about casting ballots in houses of worship , especially those festooned with political signs . ”
But does that mean churches should not be used as polling places ?
Rob Boston of Americans United told The American Independent that their group thinks they should n't unless absolutely necessary .
“ Many people are uncomfortable discharging a civic duty in a house of worship that might be known for taking political stands , ” they said .
“ In some communities , officials argue that they lack options because there are n't enough schools , libraries and community centers , ” said Boston . “ Increasing voter turnout is a widely shared goal , and I understand the desire to add more polling places . Americans United recommends the use of other types of facilities , even commercial space , before churches are used . ”
When churches are used , Boston added , there should be sufficient oversight .
“ If it 's absolutely necessary to use churches , election officials should make it abundantly clear that they wo n't get special treatment , ” they said . “ The space where the voting occurs should be neutral , and if the law requires that polling sites be free of all political material — as most jurisdiction do — then the churches might have to remove certain items while voting is taking place . ”
They added , “ If pastors do n't want to do this , then their church should not be used as a polling place . ”
Churches were n't the only places where political signs were inappropriately close the the polling booths . In several schools in Florida , Philadelphia , and Washington , DC. , images of President Obama were near polling booths , according to the conservative website Townhall .
In Philadelphia , a court order forced the partial covering of a mural depicting President Obama at an elementary school . The mural was painted several years ago , according to a local CBS affiliate .
Heritage 's Index of Economic Freedom has the U.S. slipping for the seventh straight year .
The United States is on a steady skid downward . The latest milestone in America 's decline is especially demoralizing : The U.S. has slouched from among the world 's Top 10 freest economies . In fact , we 're No . 12 — down two spots from No . 10 last year .
This bad news emerges from the 2014 Index of Economic Freedom , released this morning by the Heritage Foundation and the Wall Street Journal .
# ad # “ Now considered only a ‘ mostly free ' economy , the U.S. has earned the dubious distinction of having recorded one of the longest sustained declines in economic freedom , second only to Argentina , of any country in the [ 20-year ] history of the Index , ” observe the report 's editors , Ambassador Terry Miller , Anthony B. Kim , and Kim Holmes , Ph.D. , all Heritage Foundation scholars . “ The U.S. is the only country to have recorded a loss of economic freedom each of the past seven years. ” This sad , maddening interval began in 2007 with Republican George W. Bush 's reckless expenditures , brand-new regulations ( including the unforgivable federal destruction of Thomas Edison 's incandescent light bulb ) , and the post-crisis nationalization of American enterprises . This folly continues with President Obama 's trillion-dollar annual deficits , their 24/7 red-tape factory , and the triumph of Obamacare , now blossoming in its entire splendor .
It 's even worse than it appears : U.S. economic freedom has slid for seven years running .
Fully eleven countries now enjoy freer economies than America 's . They are :
The Most Free 1 . Hong Kong 2 . Singapore 3 . Australia 4 . Switzerland 5 . New Zealand 6 . Canada 7 . Chile 8 . Mauritius 9 . Ireland 10 . Denmark
Advertisement
Advertisement
Estonia is No . 11 , just ahead of the United States , and Bahrain is No . 13 , just behind us . ( Bahrain 's relatively high rank among the 178 nations in the Index reinforces that it measures economic freedom . )
Why is America so dull in an area where the Land of the Free should shine ? Blame the ever-expanding state .
“ Substantial expansion in the size and scope of government , including through new and costly regulations in areas like finance and health care , has contributed significantly to the erosion of U.S. economic freedom , ” the Index states . “ The growth of government has been accompanied by increasing cronyism that has undermined the rule of law and perceptions of fairness. ” It also cites Obamacare as a culprit : “ Implementation of the health care law passed in 2010 has hit major snags and appears to be significantly hurting job creation and full-time employment . ”
The Index identifies aspects of the U.S. economy that sound downright Third World .
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ Protection of property rights has been uneven , raising charges of favoritism , ” the Index states . Beyond this and other strong winds of corruption , the predictability and professionalism one would expect in a serious country are becoming scarcer . “ The full effects of the onerous Dodd–Frank bill , passed three years ago , have yet to be felt . A backlog of ongoing rulemakings has prolonged business uncertainty , impeding economic growth. ” While many U.S businesses hate Dodd-Frank , they at least could try to endure it . . . if they only knew the rules . Instead , federal bureaucrats who often receive double the average private-sector American worker 's compensation drag their feet and miss one regulatory-publication deadline after another .
Advertisement
The U.S. actually is well below world norms on “ fiscal freedom , ” with a score of 65.8 points ( out of 100 ) , versus a global average of 77.3 . America 's 48.1 points for government spending are an embarrassment , compared to the 62.7 global average . Washington 's high taxes , massive spending , and crippling national debt all uglify this picture .
So what ?
Advertisement
# page # The U.S. remains the world 's largest economy . Best Buy is full of low-cost high-definition TVs that are literally too big for many homes . And Americans are not on the brink of starvation — not in the least !
This all matters because economic freedom puts money in people 's pockets .
# ad # “ The strongly positive relationship between economic freedom and prosperity is apparent throughout the world , ” the Index states . “ In every region , per capita incomes are much higher in countries that are economically free . ”
The figures are remarkable and highly persuasive . Among free economies , per capita GDP stands at $ 45,404 . For mostly free nations , it 's $ 37,799 . Among moderately free economies , per capita GDP plunges to $ 16,457 . This craters to $ 5,541 in mostly unfree countries .
Paradoxically , this number actually ticked up to $ 6,231 among repressed economies .
“ Resource rich countries , whose economic freedom for ordinary people still remains repressed , generated a bit more per capita income due to oil and other commodity exports over the past years , ” Heritage 's Anthony Kim tells me from Hong Kong . Dictatorial , oil-rich Iran and Venezuela come to mind . “ However , ” they say , “ due to extreme wealth concentration in these resource-rich countries , these per capita income statistics need to be analyzed with caution . ”
People like Obama who obsess about income inequality should consider robust economic growth the best way to boost the fortunes of all , and especially for those with the least . Rather than redistribute what little is on hand , America 's business should be a constant effort to increase the winnings on the table , well before any effort to figure out whom , ultimately , gets what — and the way to do that is to stay atop a measure like Heritage 's .
For all of America 's problems and humiliations , we can be thankful not to be among the bottom 10 nations in the Index :
The Least Free 169 . Republic of Congo 170 . Timor-Leste 171 . Turkmenistan 172 . Democratic Republic of Congo 173 . Iran 174 . Eritrea 175 . Venezuela 176 . Zimbabwe 177 . Cuba 178 . North Korea
Advertisement
The United States of America remains far from this dungeon . Alas , year after year , we burrow inch by inch toward it .
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News Contributor and a media fellow with the Hoover Institution on War , Revolution , and Peace at Stanford University .
In the upcoming Disney•Pixar movie “ Brave , ” Merida is a headstrong teenager with a vibrant spirit and a softness of heart , struggling to take control of their own destiny . You 'll be able to discover Merida 's story when “ Brave ” opens in theaters June 22 and , beginning in mid-May , Merida will be coming to Disney Parks in an all-new character greeting experience .
At Magic Kingdom Park , Merida will appear in Fairytale Garden in a setting inspired by their Scottish Highlands home , where young guests will be invited to engage in archery lessons and other activities until it 's their turn to meet them Joining Merida are three mischievous bear cubs , whom you 'll learn more about when you see “ Brave ” in theaters .
To prepare for Merida 's arrival , Rapunzel will be moving from Fairytale Garden April 15 , to the Town Square Courtyard ( adjacent to City Hall ) where they will continue to greet their loyal fans and subjects .
When visiting Disneyland park in California this summer , Merida and the wee , playful bears will find a home away from home near “ it 's a small world ” in Fantasyland , where guests will also be able to participate in activities inspired by Merida 's story .
According to Creative Director Reed Jones , “ These new play and greet experiences at both parks will immerse our guests in ‘ Brave , ' giving them the opportunity to be a part of Merida 's Scottish clan . And we 're all excited to have the bear cubs join Merida with their silly antics , creating a whole new way to bring our beloved Disney Characters to life . ”
“ Regardless of where they find Merida , ” said Reed , “ Guests are really going to fall in love with them and the bears . ”
Consumer-vehicle safety-testing body has asked Japanese carmaker to pull its compact car from the Indian market , saying it is `` substandard '' .
Datsun GO , launched in the country last year , had failed results recently conducted by the Global New Car Assessment Programme ( NCAP ) . In a letter to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) Carlos Ghosn , NCAP Chairman Max Mosley urged for an `` urgent withdrawal from the Indian and related markets '' .
`` It is disappointing has authorised the launch of a model so substandard . They will fail to pass the United Nation ( UN ) 's frontal-impact rule . I will urge Nissan to pull the from India pending an urgent redesign of the car 's body shell , '' Mosley said .
Applying the UN 's minimum crash-test standards to all passenger car output worldwide is a key suggestion of the Global Plan for the UN Decade of Action for Road Safety , they added . `` Given Ghosn 's responsibilities as chairperson and CEO of Nissan and president of the European Automobile Manufacturers ' Association , they should show leadership in Nissan and on behalf of the vehicle sector . The leadership should correspond to the UN 's expectation safety be improved during the Decade of Action . ''
A Nissan India spokesperson said , `` We have not got the letter yet . ''
Maruti Suzuki Swift and Datsun GO failed to pass the Global New Car Assessment Program ( NCAP ) by a UK-based independent charity focused on consumer-oriented vehicle safety initiatives . released the results earlier this week .
Nissan and Maruti Suzuki had both said that their vehicles meet local regulatory requirements . Auto industry body SIAM had also defended Maruti Suzuki and Nissan on the issue . SIAM Director-General Vishnu Mathur had said that every country has its own safety requirements and that the protocol followed by was not designed for India and tests must be conducted based on the conditions here .
According to the Global NCAP , an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies , crash tests of Nissan Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries . Both cars received zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection . The tests were conducted at a speed of 64 km per hour .
As per its test , Global NCAP said Maruti Suzuki Swift scored zero stars for adult occupant protection and just one star for child occupant protection . `` The Swift 's vehicle structure showed signs of collapsing in the crash and was rated as unstable . The car 's lack of standard-fit airbags meant that the driver 's head makes direct contact with the steering wheel - the dummy readings indicate a high probability of life threatening injuries '' , Global NCAP said in a statement .
Nissan 's Datsun GO also scored zero stars for adult occupant protection and just two stars for child occupant protection . The statement added , `` The Datsun GO 's vehicle structure collapsed in the crash and was rated as unstable . The car 's lack of airbags meant that the driver 's head makes direct contact with the steering wheel and dashboard - the dummy readings indicate a high probability of life-threatening injuries . The failure of the body shell makes it redundant to fit an airbag . '' However , unlike the GO , in Swift fitting with airbags would improve occupant protection , Global NCAP said .
Earlier this year , best-selling small cars in India including Maruti Alto 800 , Tata Nano , Ford Figo , Hyundai i10 and Volkswagen Polo , had failed Global NCAP crash tests showing high risk of life-threatening injuries in road accidents . The tests done on cars bought from Indian showrooms and later shipped to the testing facility highlighted shortcomings in the structural integrity of the vehicles tested . Only entry-level variants were chosen for the tests . These vehicles usually do not have airbags , a basic prerequisite globally to pass a safety test .
Combined sales of these five cars accounted for around 20 per cent of all new cars sold in India last year . The crash tests were carried out at 64 kmph .
NCAP had also assessed the same models against the UN 's basic and all the cars except the Volkswagen Polo passed that minimum standard . This 40 per cent offset frontal impact test at 56 kmph is now widely applied by major manufacturing countries and regions , including Australia , China , the European Union , Japan and Malaysia .
The Global Plan for the UN 's Decade of Action for Road Safety recommends that all member states apply this standard , although it is not yet applied in India . Despite India recording the highest road fatalities in the world , the share of life-saving features such as airbags in cars and SUVs is among the lowest in the world . Customers in India usually compromise on safety issues to benefit from lower price tags .
Nova Scotia Chief Justice Michael MacDonald says they will establish a committee to review allegations of misconduct against Provincial Court Justice Gregory Lenehan over their handling of a sexual-assault trial .
The committee 's role will be to decide whether complaints against Justice Lenehan should be heard by a disciplinary body , or be resolved with the agreement of the judge , or dismissed . Chief Justice MacDonald did not reveal the number of public complaints against Justice Lenehan . No time frame is set for the committee to do its review . The committee will include a judge of the Provincial or Family Court , a lawyer and a member of the public nominated by Justice Minister Mark Furey .
A hearing by a disciplinary body could lead to a recommendation for the judge 's removal – a rare step in Canada .
Story continues below advertisement
Related : Nova Scotia judge under fire for claiming ' a drunk can consent ' in sex-assault case
Justice Lenehan came under fire after acquitting a Halifax taxi driver , Bassam Al-Rawi , found in their car with a woman in their 20s who was passed out and naked from the waist down . A police constable told Mr. Al-Rawi 's trial in December and January that the driver 's seat was partly reclined , their pants were undone at the waist and their zipper was down . They were trying to shove the woman 's urine-soaked pants and underwear into the front console . The woman 's blood alcohol level was three times the legal limit for driving , at 244 milligrams per 100 millilitres of blood . And a downtown bar had refused to let them in because of their intoxication .
Justice Lenehan , in an oral ruling in March , said that `` clearly … a drunk can consent . '' They also said that while some facts were `` very disturbing , '' they noted that before entering the taxi the woman had been able to text with friends , hail a taxi and take money from their wallet to pay the driver .
The Crown 's appeal of the acquittal will be heard by the Nova Scotia Court of Appeal on Nov. 22 . Chief Justice MacDonald has recused themselves from participating in that hearing because of their role with the Judicial Council .
After Justice Lenehan 's ruling , there were public protests in Halifax with as many as 300 people , and a petition with more than 37,000 signatures demanded a formal inquiry .
`` I think it 's wonderful ; I think it 's a positive step , '' Kendra MacKinnon , acting executive director of the Colchester Sexual Assault Centre in Truro , N.S. , told The Globe and Mail , referring to the announcement of a review . `` A drunk can not consent to sexual activity . It 's ludicrous to believe that a woman who has urinated in their underwear and is clearly passed out can consent to sexual activity . '' They said more education of judges and police is needed around sexualized violence . They praised former Conservative MP Rona Ambrose for putting forward a private member 's bill requiring candidates for the federal bench to take training in sexual-assault law . The bill has become law .
But one advocate for more training of judges in sexual-assault law said they are surprised that the complaints against Justice Lenehan have gone to the committee stage .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` I think Justice Lenehan 's decision in Al-Rawi was filled with legal errors and it should be overturned , and I think there were concerns about substantive incompetence , '' law professor Elaine Craig , who specializes in sexual-assault law at Dalhousie 's Schulich School of Law , said in an interview . `` But I reviewed the transcript and I did n't find any evidence of judicial misconduct . ''
According to the Courts of Nova Scotia website , legal errors are reversible by appeal courts , while if someone believes `` a judge 's conduct or behaviour is of serious concern , or that a judge is not fit to be on the bench , our system allows that person to file a complaint . ''
Complaints against Provincial Court judges in Nova Scotia are made to Chief Judge Pamela Williams . They recused themselves in this case because they used to be married to Justice Lenehan . The complaints then went to Associate Chief Judge Alan Tufts , who reviewed them and then referred them to Chief Justice MacDonald , who chairs the province 's judicial council .
In March , former justice Robin Camp of the Federal Court of Canada resigned after a disciplinary body recommended their removal from the bench . While sitting as a Provincial Court judge in Alberta in 2014 , they asked a sexual-assault complainant why they did n't keep their knees together .
I fairly often receive mail pleading with me to take a more even tone , to have a respectful discussion with people on the other side rather than calling them fools and knaves . And you know , I do when I can . But the truth is that on most of the big issues confronting us , there just is n't anyone to have a serious discussion with . Ezra Klein offers a nice illustration of this point today , in their takedown of Avik Roy on Obamacare in California .
The thing you want to bear in mind is that Roy is widely considered a good example of a reformist conservative , not to mention a health policy wonk . So what does this reform-minded wonk have to say about Obamacare ?
Klein tries really hard to keep their temper even ; too hard , I think , because I wonder how many readers will stay with them all the way through . But to cut to the chase , Roy claims that Obamacare will cause soaring insurance rates , using a comparison that is completely fraudulent — and I say fraudulent , not wrong , because they are indeed enough of a policy wonk here to know that they are pulling a fast one .
So here 's the comparison Roy uses : they point out that the insurance premiums that will apparently be charged on the California exchange will be higher than the lowest rates being offered by some insurers in California right now .
As Klein says , this is n't just comparing apples and oranges ; it 's comparing apples with oranges you ca n't even buy .
Right now , California has a basically unregulated individual market , in which insurers are free to reject whoever they choose , and charge whatever rates they choose . This means that a few young , healthy people with no record of prior medical problems can get cheap plans ; these are , of course , precisely the people who need insurance least , and these plans are cheap not just because they 're only available to the very healthy but because they do n't provide much insurance . If you 're not healthy or wealthy enough to get by with this kind of insurance , too bad .
So looking at these rates tells you nothing at all about the success of a program that offers insurance to everyone , regardless of medical history , and sets fairly high minimum standards for the quality of that insurance .
What 's more , this is n't some obscure issue . When people try to explain the logic of ObamaRomneyCare — certainly when I try to explain it — they often start from precisely this point , pointing out that unregulated insurance markets give the healthy and wealthy a pretty good deal but leave everyone else out in the cold , then work from that point toward the “ three-legged stool ” of community rating , mandates , and subsidies that supports reform . So Roy has to know that he 's making an essentially fraudulent argument — and does it anyway .
And Roy is about as good as you get in this stuff : their tone is even , they actually know something . Nonetheless , they go for the cheap , misleading shot .
I know that a lot of people wish we lived in a country where debates about things like health care policy were serious , honest discussions of debatable points . I like to hope that by the time I retire I 'll actually live in a country like that . But right now , and surely for years to come , it 's basically facts versus fraud .
Rising temperatures will put almost one quarter of trees in Australian cities at risk by 2070 , according to a study involving a University of Queensland researcher .
Researchers from the Clean Air and Urban Landscapes Hub ( CAUL ) found that 24 per cent of all public trees are at high risk from increased temperatures in urban environments due to climate change and urban heat islands .
CAUL researchers , found that in a business-as-usual emissions scenario , by 2070 , trees in the high-risk category would likely not be suitable for future climates , would not perform as well and would be more vulnerable to things like diseases .
UQ PhD graduate and study co-author Lyndal Plant said that techniques to screen species for changing urban climates are critical to tree managers seeking to build both cooler , greener cities and urban forests resilient to the increasing temperatures .
“ Rather than simply increasing the diversity of species used in parks and streetscapes , choosing heat resilient species can prolong useful life and improve pest and disease tolerance ” .
The research was led by CAUL Project Leader Dr Dave Kendal , based in UoM 's Faculty of Science .
“ Australian cities contain 10s of millions , if not 100s of millions of trees that provide important functions such as cooling and slowing stormwater run-off , and providing habitat for birds and animals , ” Dr Kendal said .
“ But there is growing recognition that increasing temperatures , due to urban heat and climate change , are a threat to some tree species in our cities . ”
The study analysed the risk of temperature increases to 1.9 million trees in 29 local government authorities across Australia , from Launceston to Darwin , and Brisbane to Perth .
Every tree was analysed to see how close it was to known temperature limits in current climates , an emissions-limited climate change scenario in 2040 assuming emissions stabilisation , and a business-as-usual emissions scenario in 2070 .
The study looked at 1,392 species of trees including Australian natives , European deciduous trees , as well as tropical and sub-tropical flowering trees .
The study found new tree species can be introduced to our cities to maintain resilience , and could provide a wide range of benefits .
“ We have an opportunity to improve the sustainability of our cities through this renewal process , ” Dr Kendal said .
“ Meaningful engagement with the community and industry will help create successful urban forests of the future that provide a wide range of benefits for people and wildlife in cities . ”
The report can be viewed online here .
Media : UQ 's Lyndal Plant , lyndal.plant @ uq.edu.au ; UoM 's Dr Nerissa Hannink , nhannink @ unimelb.edu.au , +61 3 8344 8151 or 0430 588 055 .
The city 's oldest neighborhoods are dotted with backhouses , some easily seen from the street through a crack in a fence or tiny alley .
But most are out of sight , sealed from street view and reachable only through surrounding buildings—like this two-story little home behind 206 Avenue B between 12th and 13th Streets .
A 30-year resident of 206 , an old-school tenement constructed in 1900 , describes the back house as a former carriage house .
That 's certainly possible ; as the Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation explains in their excellent Off the Grid blog post , some backhouses started out as stables .
“ In these cases , a single family house was built , typically in the early 19th century , with a stable for the family 's horses located behind , accessible through either a side passageway or a tunnel or ‘ horsewalk ‘ through the house . ”
Other times , backhouses were simply cheap buildings put up in courtyards so landlords could pack in more families and score more rent .
“ Thus sometimes these backhouses had windows with little light or air , as they were often mere feet from the walls or windows of the front house or tenement or neighboring buildings , ” states Off the Grid .
I 'm not sure how the ivy-covered back house at 206 Avenue B came to be .
Considering the East Village 's history as a rough , crowded enclave of wave after wave of poor immigrants , it 's likely an example of the latter .
Off the Grid has more photos and history of these charming , sometimes rough-around-the-edges buildings .
And like its counterpart at 206 Avenue B , this backhouse in the West Village , unfortunately , has been cordoned off from street view forever .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
LinkedIn
Google
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Tags : 206 Avenue B , Avenue B East Village , back houses , carriage houses in New York City , East Village back houses , East Village history , East Village street , Greenwich Village back houses , Hidden carriage houses New York , secret houses in New York City
At the age of 3 , I asked my father , “ What baseball team are you for ? ” They said , `` The Dodgers , ” and I became a Dodger . Weird , not weird . It is sometimes impossible to recognize when or why we came to think what we do . Children believe before they are really thinking , before the Age of Reason , which is meant to start at age 7 . I heard the word “ whore ” on the school playground when I was 7 . I did n't know what it meant , so I asked my moralistic mother to tell me its meaning . “ Look it up in the dictionary , ” they said . I opened their big Webster 's Dictionary and looked for “ hore ” and have been looking up words ever since .
Politics , the art of the possible , has a lot to do with being reasonable and willing to listen ; in a way , and this is weird , it 's like writing . Writing 's about choices , decisions , principles , being aware of what you 're doing , alongside unawareness , unconscious drives . Writing engages the intellect and emotion , both fused actually into a process called style , say , but some feelings seem beyond understanding — unresolved relationships , past and present . In the mind , scenes come and go ; they wo n't fade to black . Writing also requires listening , to the rhythms of speech , cadences , tone .
Politics thrives , or should , in ideas , and also is driven by attitudes , emotions , wishes , hopes , feelings of identification . About identification , I 've been wondering why Hillary Clinton is distrusted , trying to understand it , and the vehemence of emotion against them I often think about trust , anyway , among friends , in family , and how hard it can be to trust . I 've come to think that it means believing that a friend does n't mean to hurt me , even if they have . I trust a friend with whom I can argue and make up , sincerely , a true reconciliation .
I often wonder what people who distrust Clinton imagine she 's going to do . When Obama won the primaries in 2008 , and Clinton 's and their popular votes both reached about 18 million , Obama 's supporters feared she 'd “ do something ” at the convention . There was a lot of talk . And they did n't . About the Goldman Sachs speeches , a scandal du jour : I watched a video — probably shot from the audience — of one of those `` suspect '' speeches . Clinton talked about empowering women around the world , giving loans to them , helping them get started . Microeconomics . Totally vanilla . Nothing venal . No quid pro quos . People seem to think if Clinton “ reveals ” these speeches , they will be “ believed. ” People will know she 's telling “ the truth. ” I think , no matter what they reveal , it will never be enough “ truth ” for the same people .
( Lies : Remember how that stupid , ugly Republican member of congress yelled “ You lie ” at President Obama . It was during Obama 's first address to a Joint Session of Congress , in September 2009 . That 's how Obama 's administration began , with Republican shit on the Office of the President . Dirt and stink . )
What will Hillary Clinton do as president ? The Office of the President makes its own claims on any person who occupies it . Though an enormously powerful position , it 's checked by the Supreme Court and Congress . It 's possible , even probable , for example , that with the Republicans in control of Congress , Obama wo n't be able to select a new Supreme Court justice to fill Antonin Scalia 's seat . The Senate Judiciary Committee , headed by Republicans , because they control Congress — THE reason to vote in midterm elections — say they wo n't even TALK to an Obama nominee . First time since 1875 such unconstitutional nastiness will have gone on .
And the Office also changes people , pushes people , Abraham Lincoln , famously , and John Kennedy .
Some women submit that they ca n't identify with Clinton , or want to disidentify with them Younger and older women , both , since being of a generation does n't make you the same as everyone your age . Identification is wilder than that . Age is and is n't a mindset , since experience remakes people . You lose your mother at 8 , it 's a loss that rejigs chronological age . You leave school at 17 and get a job — not every “ college age ” person gets to go to college — that shapes your attitudes .
A thoughtful essay by Jill Filipovic , “ Why Sexism in the Office Makes Women Love Hillary Clinton , ” suggests that experience frames attitudes toward Clinton . Younger women not yet in the job market believe sex and gender prejudice wo n't stop them . Once in it , they often change their minds . ( I just learned that , on eBay , women who sell the same item as men get 20 % less for it . Really . )
For a long time I 've had this theory about trust and Hillary Clinton . When Bill Clinton became president in 1992 , Hillary Rodham Clinton was respected for a while , except by the Republicans and the right . In 1993 , Vince Foster , deputy White House counsel — and close friend and Arkansas colleague — killed himself . Instantly , the right accused them of causing their death , even murdering him . The sad truth : It 's almost impossible to undo a negative , to erase the damage of ugly rumors and fact-less attacks . Stink and dirt cling . And humans , like other animals , are fearful , wary creatures : What if , they ask themselves , what if it 's true ? It was just the start of many attacks on them and Bill 's character ( if interested , stream the 2004 documentary The Hunting of the President on how the right mounted its attacks ) .
When President Clinton was accused of infidelity , Hillary Clinton went on TV , sat beside him , said they believed their protestations , and claimed they are n't “ some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette. ” Then they were humiliated publicly when it was revealed they were getting BJs from a White House intern . But Hillary Clinton did n't book .
I felt a tsunami coming . Tsunamis travel under the ocean , and you do n't see one until it lands . It acts like the unconscious 's effect on judgments . There was an effect shift , or as the English elegantly put it , Clinton was in bad odor . Them standing by their man produced disdain and disappointment , often unspoken . They should have split . Hillary Clinton wore a kind of reverse scarlet letter . They had stayed with him , an adulterer . They are n't an independent woman , not a feminist . They were only political . Americans hate politicians . Maybe they had ambitions of their own . Viral vituperation . Who are we to judge someone 's marriage ? Americans , with family values . The guys I knew were cooler about it , because it 's part of the deal : Sexual favors come with power , which is part of why men want it .
Add to that , Americans , generally , are moralistic , like my mother , way more than Europeans , except about disgraced celebrities who cry on TV . They 're forgiven . Hillary Clinton was n't , has n't been , so I 'm thinking the distrust started there . It 's not just about their Iraq vote or NAFTA : Them “ lie ” or “ defense of their husband ” underlies the ferocity of negativity , even hatred , toward them
People buzzed : The Clintons had a marriage of convenience , no love , and for that , they could n't be trusted . Oh man , the double standard . I thought it was funny , ironic , because relationships , marriages , become convenient — you do n't have to date for sex ; you share rent ; one gets sick , the other buys soup ; one has a job , supports the other . It 's one reason single people are more resilient . Marriage is strange . I have one , for a long time , with David , a great bass player . Solid , in the pocket , and a solid partner . It works between us , but it 's hard to believe we 've been together so long . I mean , it 's crazy . Years ago , a physicist explained to me , in physics , a stable relationship is considered just an accident . I had been opining to them about my sorry so-called love life , that I always chose the wrong guy . Then I met David by accident in a bar , before dating apps .
Being in love starts , there 's passion , there 's hope that it 's the real deal , and why not have hope , at least some . That unnerving , heart-stopping falling-in-love time ; when it happens , the heart almost hurts with pleasure , your breath catches , you feel crazy . After five years , say , love is still there , maybe more love — sex , too — and you 're both breathing normally . There 's convenience , but not only . Love changes , just as people do .
Hillary Clinton is a woman with a past , which is different from being “ a man with a past. ” “ A woman with a reputation ” is also different from “ a man with a reputation. ” Swill those sentences , and hear the different connotations . I 'm giving them a chance , because she 's brilliant , she 's savvy , and she 's a woman with a past and a reputation , glorious , imperfect , a complex one , a seriously formidable one . I trust Secretary Clinton to do the right thing as president . I 've heard their ideas . I 've seen them think on their feet . I do n't always agree with her , but I know they have studied and thought hard about their positions . She 's also changed some of them . I do trust people who change , though not everyone — not comb-over Trump . Because I would n't want to be hung for ideas I once held . Life is uncertain , every moment really . I do n't know more than I know , if I know anything , so I try to see the other side , but sometimes I do n't . Not a virtue , but it 's true .
I fully expect , and hope , that a President Clinton will be a good president , maybe a great one , and they will work for a more just America . And I want to see that happen , I want them to have that chance .
Recently I went to a wedding — weddings always entail hope . Two female friends had an unusually charming and beautiful ceremony in an Episcopal church in my nabe , the East Village . God and Love were pulsing , and kind of took me over . It was n't a religious god , because I 'm not a God-fearing person , I 'm a Republican-fearing person . I am for love and reconciliation . Sitting there , I thought about the third Democratic debate , when Hillary Clinton was asked who the most important historical figure was to her , and they named Nelson Mandela . They mentioned their insistence on reconciliation , which they called for right out of jail . Then , as president of a very divided South Africa , Mandela established the historic Truth and Reconciliation trials .
I was feeling it at my friends ' wedding .
In the spirit of reconciliation : If Bernie Sanders gets the nomination , I will vote for them and wear a button , though I dislike wearing buttons . I will hope that , if you 're a Sanders supporter , and they do n't get the nomination , you will vote for Hillary Clinton . It 's about the big picture , against the siege from the right , the moralistic , anti-choice , pro-punitive , anti-minority , anti-immigration , anti-compassionate , ungenerous right .
An Episcopal priest officiated at the wedding , and toward the end of it , they read aloud : “ Where there is hatred , let us sow love. ” If you ca n't do Love , try Reason .
MELBOURNE , Australia – Fighting in front of their hometown Aussie crowd , Jake Matthews survived a scare in Round 1 to bust up the face of Akbarh Arreola and force a doctor 's stoppage .
The lightweight bout closed out the preliminary card of today 's UFC 193 event at Etihad Stadium in Melbourne , Australia . It aired on FOX Sports 1 following additional prelims on UFC Fight Pass and ahead of a main card on pay-per-view .
After an early period of Round 1 where both men traded shots , it was a big headkick from Arreola ( 23-10-1 MMA , 1-3 UFC ) that seemed to set them on the path to victory . With Matthews ( 9-1 MMA , 3-1 UFC ) hurt , Arreloa pounced , ending up on top and trying to do big damage . However , Matthews was able to reverse at the end of the round and begin unloading with big ground-and-pound to the final bell , walking back to their corner screaming after the final bell .
Matthews followed up on the big finish to Round 1 by putting Arreola on their back and unleashing more ground and pound that got the blood flowing from the face of their foe .
By the end of Round 2 , Arreola 's face was a swollen , bloody mess . With their right eye swelling and bleeding and a cut above their lip , the doctor made the call that enough was enough and waived the fight off , bringing a halt to the fight at an official time of 5:00 of Round 2
Matthews suffered the first loss of their professional career in their most recent bout , a guillotine choke submission loss to James Vick at UFC Fight Night 65 .
Arreola dropped a unanimous decision to Francisco Trinaldo in their most recent fight at UFC Fight Night 62 , which came on the heels of an armbar submission of Yves Edwards at UFC Fight Night 57 .
Up-to-the-minute UFC 193 results include :
For complete coverage of UFC 193 , check out the UFC Events section of the site .
( MMAjunkie 's John Morgan and Steven Marrocco contributed to this report on site in Melbourne . )
People in the UK and many other countries get more of their calories from alcohol than from sugary drinks like cola and lemonade , according to new data which suggests that tackling Britain 's drink problem may be more important for health than cracking down on sugar consumption .
Of 24 countries tracked by the data analysts Euromonitor International , all but one have higher daily calorie consumption from alcoholic drinks than sugary beverages . In the UK , adults are consuming more than 106 calories per head every day from alcoholic drinks , compared with 98 from sugar-sweetened drinks .
Theresa May 's first test was obesity and they have failed , say health experts Read more
The highest calorie intake from alcohol is in South Korea , with nearly 168 calories a person each day and only 44 calories from sugary drinks . Also high are Poland , the Czech Republic , Finland and Germany while – of the countries examined – only the people of Taiwan get more calories from sweet drinks than alcohol . The US was not included .
Sugar has been targeted by health experts and obesity campaigners . A number of governments are introducing taxes on sugar-sweetened drinks which are recognised as a major cause of childhood obesity .
But little has been said or done about alcohol , which the new data suggests is more significant even than sugary drinks in obesity in adults . Most people are unaware that alcohol can make you gain weight , because – unlike food – the number of calories are not routinely marked on beer cans and bottles of wines and spirits . Yet a large glass of 13 % wine contains 228 calories and a standard glass 160 calories . A pint of 4 % beer is also around 160 calories .
“ In the UK , alcoholic drinks above 1.2 % ABV are currently exempt from having to provide calorie information . This research demonstrates clearly that this exemption should now end , ” said Prof Sir Ian Gilmore , chair of the alcohol health alliance .
“ The public have the right to know what is in their drinks , so they can make informed choices about their consumption . These labels should make the public aware , for example , that a pint of standard-strength beer contains around 180 calories , about the same as a packet of crisps , and that a large glass of red wine contains around 200 calories , roughly equivalent to the calories found in a doughnut . ”
Euromonitor 's nutrition analyst , Sara Petersson , said this did not let sugar off the hook . “ It is very interesting because the whole reason why soft drinks are under attack is because they are liquid calories . We do n't have a compensatory mechanism that says we should eat less after drinking them , ” they said . “ It works the same way with alcohol and if anything , not only does it have a worse health effect but it is an appetite stimulant which makes you eat more . That is not to take anything away from the need to reduce sugar . That is crucial because it is a very important source of weight gain . ”
But , they said , tackling alcohol consumption was also crucial to combatting obesity , which can lead to heart disease , type 2 diabetes and cancer , and was in danger of crippling health systems around the world .
Euromonitor 's nutrition data also shows that the average daily consumption of calories in the world is 1,398 calories , with the lowest amount in India at 761 calories per capita per day and the highest in Belgium at 2,559 calories per capita per day . It also shows that most of the developing countries it tracked ( 78 % ) get more calories from packaged food than fresh food .
In a letter sent to Jonathan Pollard , Israeli Knesset members apologize for failing to secure their release and express their condolences over their father 's death .
Pollard has been jailed in the United States for 26 years after being found guilty of espionage charges .
Receive Ynetnews updates directly to your desktop
`` We are very sorry that despite all our efforts , we have not been able to secure your release , or at the very leas , release you to your father 's funeral , '' the letter read .
Sad End Pollard 's father passes away Attila Somfalvi Jonathan Pollard 's father , Morris , dies over weekend at age 95 ; family asks President Obama to allow imprisoned son to attend funeral , after previous pleas to let them see dying father go unheeded Pollard 's father passes away
In their letter , the MKs wrote : `` It is with great sorrow that we heard about your father 's passing . We bow our heads in the face of the terrible mourning…which comes on top of the great suffering of the lengthy stay behind bars . ''
The Knesset members added that they plan to hold an event in honor of Pollard at parliament next week that will include a play that recounts their story . Virtually all heads of Knesset factions signed the letter .
Netanyahu : Israel erred
Meanwhile , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addressed the Pollard affair in a video posted on YouTube where they replied to questions from Israeli citizens .
Nira Cohen from Ganei Tikva , east of Tel Aviv , asked Netanyahu : `` I wanted to know why Pollard is not being released , a man who did so much for us…we 'll be very happy if you help them go free . ''
In their response , Netanyahu said that `` we 're asking the same question . ''
`` I sent a letter to President Obama a while ago with an explicit , official request , which I know is endorsed by all the people of Israel , to free Jonathan , and I hope that on a humane basis , on a humanitarian basis , this request will eventually be met , '' the prime minister said .
The discovery of a new roosting site for Blue-throated Macaw Ara glaucogularis coupled with an innovative and successful programme geared towards promoting the use of artificial feathers in ceremonial headdresses , gives renewed hope for the survival of this charismatic parrot .
The Blue-throated Macaw is one of South America 's rarest parrots , with a population estimated at around 250 individuals . In the last decade , Asociación Armonía ( BirdLife Partner in Bolivia ) has been tackling the main threats affecting it : habitat loss , the lack of breeding sites and ending illegal poaching . But their approach to ending the latter has been especially unique and very successful : to give locals an alternative to using real macaw feathers for their headdresses .
During their traditional celebrations , the inhabitants of the Moxeño plains in Bolivia 's Beni department perform with colourful headdresses as they move to the rhythm of bongos and flutes . The dancers , so-called macheteros , dedicate their movements and attire to the colours of nature . Unfortunately , those headdresses are made of macaw tail feathers from four different species , including the Blue-throated Macaw .
This is where Armonía 's Alternative Feather Programme comes in ; it consists of an educational campaign promoting the use of artificial feathers made of organic materials among the macheteros through workshops held in local schools . Those workshops could only be made possible thanks to the financial support of National Geographic 's Conservation Trust and the Loro Parque Foundation .
Since the Moxeños consider themselves to be the guardians of nature and all of its creatures , they were quick to understand the importance of using substitutes .
Subscribe to Our Newsletter !
“ Each headdress is made of an average of 30 central tail feathers ; that means that one headdress of artificial feathers saves at least 15 macaws , ” explained Gustavo Sánchez Avila , Armonía 's Conservation Programme coordinator for the Blue-throated Macaw in Trinidad .
The programme , which started in 2010 with the support of Loro Parque Foundation , not only protects this critically endangered Macaw , but also empowers local craftsmen and women to preserve their natural heritage and their culture .
Furthermore , after seeing the mesmerising dances , many tourists buy the alternative headdresses as souvenirs , providing locals with much-needed additional income .
Since 2010 , the Moxeño people and Armonía have saved over 6000 individuals of four macaw species and engaged thousands of local people in the conservation of Bolivian nature . Most big Moxeño towns already host alternative feather training workshops , but rural areas still use real feathers . If you wish to help , you can support Armonía so that they can organise additional training workshops this year and save even more macaws .
The new roosting site
While conserving the already established populations of the Blue-throated Macaw is essential to their survival , further research remains vital to make sure none of its habitat is left unprotected .
However , entering the Bolivian northern Department of Beni during the rainy season is a huge adventure . As seasonal rainfall merges with melt water from the Andes , the grasslands become extensively flooded , making it impossible for cars to travel around the area for three to five months every year .
The situation forces locals to revert to their old ways , using horses to get across a savannah that is speckled with pools of water , knee-deep mud and head-high grasses . As a result , conservation research becomes complicated and expensive .
But this was not going to stop our team of conservationists at Asociación Armonía , supported by the Cornell Lab of Ornithology and the Loro Parque Foundation , when they set off last summer to search for more roosting grounds of the macaw in this remote region .
The truth is that the team had had many rough failed trips in the region to verify sites where owners swore they had seen the parrot , only to find they got the wrong bird . So , when they got a call from a local ranch owner who claimed to have seen the Blue-throated Macaw in their fields , the team reacted with some disbelief .
They had seen this happen a few times already : while many ranch owners proudly believe that they have seen the Blue-throated Macaw , to the untrained eye it is often confused with a more generalist species , the Blue-and-yellow Macaw Ara ararauna .
Surprisingly , when they arrived on site , it turned out that at least 15 Blue-throated Macaws had made a small forest island their home . This new roosting site was confirmed only forty kilometres north of the Barba Azul Nature Reserve : the largest concentration of macaws in the world live here , with yearly counts of over 100 individuals .
At one of Beni 's most important events of the year , the Chope Piesta , the macheteros are getting ready to start their traditional dance . Today , headdresses with alternative feathers outnumber natural ones nearly five to one . In the meantime , conservationists rejoice about the new discovery of a roosting site . Developments worth dancing about .
In its second season , the show started getting predictable , as could be expected ; reality competitions tend to settle into a repetitive groove when they find a format that works . The problem with MasterChef Junior , though , was that the same kinds of kids kept getting the same kinds of comments . As a dedicated viewer , I felt uneasy about this in a way I could n't explain—at least not until the end of the second season , when the show had the closest thing it 's had to a scandal . Judges Ramsay , Graham Elliot , and Joe Bastianich had to cut two children from a losing team after they had struggled with a pop-up restaurant challenge . There was Oona , a fierce 9-year old girl who had a meltdown while manning the deep fryer , and Sean , a 12-year-old Asian-American boy whose steak blew the other team 's out of the water . Their team leader was Samuel , a 12-year-old white boy who 'd been pegged as the gourmand frontrunner , and yet had both botched their fish and failed to bring their team together . Elliot sighed , took a pause big enough to hold a commercial break , and finally announced that the one to stay would be … Samuel . “ Crucially , ” Elliot said to a visibly surprised Samuel , “ you were the one that looked the most comfortable in that environment. ” Emphasis his .
My jaw dropped . First of all , since when should the veneer of confidence matter for a cooking challenge ? You ca n't eat confidence . Second of all , and most devastating : Of course Samuel looked the most at home in that environment . Unlike the others on their team , Samuel was a self-assured white boy . In other words , they were what most people visualize when they imagine a head chef .
The discomfort I 'd been feeling snapped into place : MasterChef Junior bills itself as an inclusive show that encourages creativity and hard work , but it can still be a microcosm of the same old exhausting gender and race biases ingrained in daily life . That these biases can be less overt does n't make them less dangerous . If anything , coded sexism , racism , and favoritism is far more damaging than if it 's blatant , because it becomes so much harder to change—or even to call out at all . The feeling that something 's fallen prey to bias is uniquely frustrating ; without concrete proof , it 's easy to dismiss unease as over-sensitivity . The evidence that MasterChef had more sympathy for its white male contestants came in the form of Elliot saying outright that Samuel “ looks ” the part . With the implicit made explicit , it was easier to look at MasterChef Junior 's two-and-a-half season run through a sharper and much less flattering light .
Ramsay , Elliott , and Bastianich are all very successful chefs , restaurateurs , and white men . And on screen , they have a history of favoring children who look like them , whether they mean to or not . Throughout the series , these judges encourage all the children , but reserve more heartfelt sentiments like “ I see a lot of myself in you ” for the boys who do indeed look like they do . It was clear season two champion and adorable blond Tennessee native Logan was marked for success once they were pulled aside for several one-on-one talks with an unusually earnest Ramsay . Logan seemed startled , but I was n't ; Ramsay had said only a couple episodes earlier that Logan reminded them of their own son . There 's comfort in the familiar .
Get a Taste of Some Nutritious Freedom
Debate over the Food Safety Modernization Act reflects a broader discussion about the American food supply . While tweaks to the regulatory system could improve things , a shift away from industrial agriculture and lobbying toward a more consumer-driven approach should be the long term goal .
Government regulation of food production encourages centralization . Government focuses on enforcing minimum standards , not encouraging best practices . It requires costly procedures that drive small producers out of the market without necessarily improving the quality of food .
The centralization of food production supports business models in which close quarters and high volume promote the spread of disease . When the food supply is put into the hands of big corporations with big lobbying bankrolls , it means placing trust in the effectiveness of regulators and in the reliability of corporations to be clean when nobody is looking . And when tainted food slips past quality control the reliance on a few large providers means that one bad production run will reach more customers in more places .
Any regulatory regime will be implemented by the Food and Drug Administration , a federal bureaucracy with connections to large producers . A nice illustration of the revolving door between government and business lobbies is provided by Judith McGeary of the Farm and Ranch Freedom Alliance , in comments on grist.org : “ FDA is staffed by people who come from within the industrial food system , many of whom are looking to get jobs in that food system when they leave the agency . ”
Who has more access to regulators — small producers or food factories with big money and dedicated legal departments ?
The FDA , which stands to gain power from the Food Safety Modernization Act , has previously demonstrated a tendency to place bureaucratic adherence to the rules over the public interest . As pharmaceutical researcher Dr. Mary Ruwart has written , for years after it was known folic acid supplementation reduced the risk of birth defects , the FDA continued to prohibit vitamin companies from advertising this fact , effectively censoring important nutritional information .
It is certainly reasonable to call for more oversight of food . What you put into your body on a daily basis will impact the quality of your life , and as things are now food safety recalls are likely to occur only after people have been infected .
But greater oversight does not have to mean greater government involvement . Unlike the FDA , non-government regulatory and oversight companies can go out of business if they do a bad job . Competition means viable alternatives are available if one agency proves to be as bad as the current system . And non-government regulation does not solely entail corporations focused on maximizing profits for stockholders . Cooperative testing and inspection agencies could be created . With today 's rapid spread of information , it could easily become public knowledge if a producer was found to be negligent . And the most intimate form of oversight is when community agriculture brings neighbors together to ensure quality food .
Unfortunately , a government privatization program would most likely hand monopoly privilege to a corporation , making regulation more profitable but not more effective . Any call for extensive overhaul would have to insist on more competition and less centralization .
An instructive nutritional improvement is the rising consumption of organic food . While it is not mandatory to produce , market , or purchase organic food , its sales are rapidly growing . Government certification and oversight of labeled organics has been called into question , and reputation is important to a company 's success . Choosing organic is an issue of personal priorities , which are influenced not only by educational and marketing efforts , but perhaps more importantly by monetary needs . Any grassroots overhaul of America 's food production should treat broadening access to quality food as a top priority .
In the short term , writing new rules into the government-business regime can make products safer . But do n't look for an ultimate solution from the system that created the problem in the first place .
Film Director Oliver Stone on Monday night started a fight about Israel with host Stephen Colbert , on the CBS “ Late Show ” that never made it to air , the NY Post Page Six reported . A source in the audience said the political brawl was “ painful to watch . ”
The Oscar-winning Stone appeared on the show to promote their latest documentary , “ The Putin Interviews. ” Stone was granted unprecedented access to both Putin 's professional and personal worlds , and interviewed the Russian leader more than a dozen times over the course of two years , most recently in February following the U.S. presidential elections .
Advertisement
After showing a clip in which Stone clearly accepted without a hint of criticism Putin 's statement that Russia , unlike the US , never interferes in other countries ' elections , Colbert harangued Stone on their pussyfooting around the tyrant from Moscow .
It 's hard to believe , but the maker of “ JFK ” actually grunted that Putin “ has been through a lot . He 's been insulted and abused . . . abused in the press , in the media . ”
Say it ai n't so , Oliver…
In the segment that made it to air , the audience cheered wildly when Colbert said , “ Anything about them negative that you found ? Anything ? Anything ? ” and , “ What do you say to the people who will say this is a fawning interview of a brutal dictator ? ”
Soon enough , Stone , unable to convince Colbert or their audience that they were not Putin 's lackey , tried to shift the talk to Israel .
The source told Page Six they “ watched from behind [ their ] hands ” as Stone claimed , more or less , that “ Israel had far more involvement in the US election than Russia , ” challenging Colbert : “ Why do n't you ask me about that ? ” to which the ever-nimble host responded , “ I 'll ask you about that when you make a documentary about Israel . ”
Stone was obviously pulling the old anti-Israel , leftist line about how AIPAC is controlling Washington ( much the way the “ Jews ” control Hollywood ) – and in their haste to save face apparently forgot the difference between contributing to political campaigns and hacking DNC computers .
Faulty heart defibrillators costing lives , monitoring agency warns
Posted
Up to a quarter of defibrillators installed at workplaces and in public places do not work - putting lives at risk , according to the agency in charge of registering the equipment .
The Automated External Defibrillator Deployment Agency has launched a new set of guidelines in an effort to stop flat batteries and software malfunctions in the units .
The agency 's Graeme Pell said electronic defibrillators in workplaces , sporting clubs and other public places did not always work .
`` There 's nothing more frustrating than coming across somebody who 's got a sudden cardiac arrest who clearly needs urgent defibrillation to save their lives and find that the defibrillator that you have in your hand , or in fact ca n't locate , simply wo n't do the job , '' they said .
In the United States , research has found that up to a quarter of equipment installed in public areas at any time did not work because of flat batteries , damage or software malfunctions .
Mr Peel estimated the figures were similar in Australia .
`` Probably 20 to 25 per cent of defibrillators is n't working , '' they said .
`` We also know that unless you get fibrillation on a sudden cardiac arrest patient within the first couple of minutes , then their chance of survival is very remote .
`` Anecdotally , we believe that there probably are people dying unnecessarily . ''
Up to 33,000 Australians die from sudden cardiac arrest every year .
The agency today released a set of guidelines that helps businesses and organisations make sure equipment was ready for use in an emergency .
It is also setting a up voluntary register to keep track of all defibrillators around the country .
Mr Peel said there was one positive change already underway - defibrillators were becoming easier to use .
`` You open it up and it talks to you . It 'll tell you pull out the pads , where the pads have to be located and connections then basically you stand back and wait , '' they said .
`` The battery 's got to be working , the pads have got to stick , software has got to be functioning .
`` There 's been a huge amount of enthusiasm but not as much standardisation . ''
Topics : heart-disease , workplace , australia
Breitbart.com 's John Nolte attacked actor and comedian Amy Schumer 's recent call for gun safety measures , claiming that the Trainwreck star does n't actually care about a mass shooting that occurred during a screening of their film , but rather that they hoped to cynically use the shooting as `` a great opportunity '' to advance their career .
Two women were killed and nine other people were injured after a gunman opened fire during a screening of Trainwreck at a movie theater in Lafayette , Louisiana on July 23 . The gunman , who had a history of domestic violence and bizarre behavior , committed suicide .
Following up on their pledge to engage on the issue of gun violence following the shooting , Schumer appeared alongside their cousin , Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D-NY ) , at a press conference to promote new legislation to ensure that disqualifying records are submitted by states into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System . The bill includes other measures to address substance abuse and mental health issues .
During the Aug. 3 press conference , Amy Schumer said , `` We 're here today to say is enough . To mass shootings in our schools , our college campuses , our military bases , and even in our movie theaters . These shootings have got to stop . '' They continued , `` For me , the pain I share with so many other Americans on the issue of gun violence was made extremely personal to me on Thursday , July 23 when ... they sat down for my movie , Trainwreck , at the Grand Theater in Lafayette , Louisiana . Two lives were tragically lost and others injured and I 've thought about these victims each day since the tragedy . ''
A visibly emotional Schumer concluded their remarks by saying , `` These are my first public comments on the issue of gun violence , but I can promise you they will not be my last . ''
On the Aug. 3 broadcast of the National Rifle Association 's radio show Cam & Company , Breitbart News editor-at-large John Nolte attacked Schumer 's motives , claiming that they did not care about the shooting but rather wished to use the tragedy to advance their career .
According to Nolte , Schumer sees the mass shooting as `` a great opportunity , this occurred at my movie and now the focus is on me , and what can I do to enhance my career . ''
`` If they had any moral courage and they actually cared about what happened they would come out and they would say , 'Listen putting a sign on a movie theater that says no one inside it is armed , that this is a gun-free zone , is stupid . ' They have the power to do this . They could make jokes about how stupid these gun-free zones are , '' Nolte continued .
Instead , Schumer `` is dressing up like they are a grown-up and she 's just exploiting the situation because it 's an opportunity for them to maybe increase their box office over the weekend , '' they said , calling their advocacy `` cowardly . ''
Nolte continued to claim that Schumer was using the shooting to advance their career , saying , `` She 's not thinking , she 's just trying to please the right people to enhance their career . And they also -- there is a lot Oscar talk around their movie and that probably has something to do with it , too . You go the Angelina Jolie route so everybody suddenly starts to take you seriously . '' Nolte said all they see `` is cynicism behind '' Schumer 's call for action .
Cam & Company host Cam Edwards said that they disagreed with Nolte 's assessment and would not impugn Schumer with a cynical motive for their comments on gun violence . Nolte responded , `` You 're a nicer guy than I am , but I just see these unthinking Hollywood types and it just enrages me . ''
Demonstrating strong performance gains throughout the weekend with Team Panoz Racing 's Ian James earning a second-place finish in Friday 's PWC GTS/GT4 Round 7 race and leading much of today 's Round 8 race at the Grand Prix of Lime Rock Park , the team leaves Connecticut with an overall successful race weekend result .
Both races saw the No . 50 Panoz Avezzano in the lead . After the green flag dropped signaling Saturday 's standing start , James quickly moved up to P3 in the first laps , then passed the No . 62 McLaren 570S GT4 to take over P2 . James then proceeded to chase down the leading No . 3 Flying Lizard Porsche Cayman GT4 Clubsport MR and took advantage and secured P1 when the Porsche went off track . They defended P1 for 10 laps until an unfortunate engine failure prematurely ended Team Panoz Racing 's day .
While a disappointing result after Friday 's second-place podium , Team Panoz Racing 's outcome this weekend shows tremendous progress in the short time since the team announced in January 2017 it would compete in the Pirelli World Challenge GTS/GT4 Championship . The team will build upon the positives of this race weekend as it heads to next month 's PWC GTS/GT4 Rounds 9 and 10 at the Grand Prix of Road America .
Next up for Team Panoz Racing is PWC GTS/GT4 Rounds 9 and 10 at the Grand Pris of Road America , Elkhart Lake , Wis. , June 23-25 , 2017 .
Quoteboard :
Tom Milner
“ Overall I think the team and Ian did a great job . We learned a lot at Mosport and we had a terrific result yesterday despite the difficult conditions . Today 's engine failure is a bit disappointing , but overall we 're making good progress and Ian did a great job taking over and defending the lead . But we know there 's still work to do , and we look forward to going to Road America next month . In the end , I think the whole team is happy . The team and Ian did a terrific job both days , but today just was n't our day . But we leave with a real positive – a second-place finish Friday and Panoz once again on the podium . ”
Ian James
“ We had a good run today . The Avezzano 's performance was there , and the team did a great job . I got a good start and was able to make a pass early on and be in position to chase down the leader . We were running well and I really felt we had good pace until the engine failed . The car is still a work in progress , but it 's very good . I 'm positive we 're moving in the right direction and we 'll have the Avezzano on the podium again . I 'm looking forward to Road America . ”
Source . Panoz
MANILA , Philippines — Philippine forecasters warned fishing boats not to venture out to sea and commercial ships to watch out for big waves Thursday as a powerful typhoon roared off the country 's northeastern coast .
The fast-moving Typhoon Nepartak ( local name : Butchoy ) would not likely hit land but would intensify seasonal southwest monsoon rains , which could spark thunderstorms and flash floods on the main northern Luzon island , said government forecaster Aldzar Aurelio . Some domestic flights have been canceled in the region .
ADVERTISEMENT
Nepartak was blowing over the Philippine Sea about 235 kilometers ( 146 miles ) northeast of Batanes province with sustained winds of 220 kilometers ( 136 miles ) per hour and gusts of 255 kph ( 158 mph ) , they said .
READ : Batanes under Signal No . 2 as ‘ Butchoy ' slows
Storm alerts have been raised in Batanes , about 700 kilometers ( 434 miles ) north of Manila , and outlying islands in a sparsely-populated region in the country 's northern tip .
Nepartak , a Micronesian word for a local warrior , could still gain strength and would start to blow away from the Philippines on Friday and head toward Taiwan , they said .
One of the world 's most disaster-prone countries , the Philippines is lashed by 18 to 21 storms and typhoons , mostly from the Pacific , each year .
In November 2013 , Typhoon Haiyan struck the central Philippines with ferocious power , leaving more than 7,300 people dead and missing and displacing more than 5 million others after leveling entire villages .
RELATED STORIES
‘ Butchoy ' skirts super typhoon limits
Thousands flee as super typhoon barrels towards Taiwan
ADVERTISEMENT
‘ Butchoy ' now a supertyphoon by US Navy standards
Click here for more weather related news . ''
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
The current and former Facebook employees caution that the software is one of many ideas the company has discussed with respect to entering China and , like many experiments inside Facebook , it may never see the light of day . The feature , whose code is visible to engineers inside the company , has so far gone unused , and there is no indication that Facebook has offered it to the authorities in China .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But the project illustrates the extent to which Facebook may be willing to compromise one of its core mission statements , “ to make the world more open and connected , ” to gain access to a market of 1.4 billion Chinese people . Even as Facebook faces pressure to continue growing — Mr. Zuckerberg has often asked where the company 's next billion users will come from — China has been cordoned off to the social network since 2009 because of the government 's strict rules around censorship of user content .
The suppression software has been contentious within Facebook , which is separately grappling with what should or should not be shown to its users after the American presidential election 's unexpected outcome spurred questions over fake news on the social network . Several employees who were working on the project have left Facebook after expressing misgivings about it , according to the current and former employees .
A Facebook spokesperson said in a statement , “ We have long said that we are interested in China , and are spending time understanding and learning more about the country. ” They added that the company had made no decisions on its approach into China .
Facebook 's tricky position underscores the difficulties that many American internet companies have had gaining access to China . For years , companies like Google and Twitter have been blocked there for refusing to yield to the government 's demands around censorship . In 2010 , Google said it was directing users of its search engine in China to its service in Hong Kong , because of censorship and intrusion from hackers . Other companies , like the professional social networking service LinkedIn , agreed to censor some content on their platforms in China .
 Asia Pacific By JONAH M. KESSEL and PAUL MOZUR Play Video 5:44 How China Is Changing Your Internet  Advertisement LIVE LIVE 00:00  00:00   skip ad   Video How China Is Changing Your Internet What was once known as the land of cheap rip-offs may now offer a glimpse of the future — and American companies are taking notice . By JONAH M. KESSEL and PAUL MOZUR on Publish Date August 9 , 2016 . Photo by Damir Sagolj/Reuters . Watch in Times Video » embed Share
Tweet
The current climate for internet companies in China may not help Facebook . In August , the ride-hailing giant Uber gave up an expensive battle to crack the Chinese market , selling its Chinese business to an incumbent rival , Didi Chuxing . More broadly , China has streamlined and tightened its controls over the internet under President Xi , targeting influential social media celebrities and adding new reviews to popular online video sites .
Still , some officials responsible for China 's tech policy have been willing to entertain the idea of Facebook 's operating in the country . It would legitimize China 's strict style of internet governance , and if done according to official standards , would enable easy tracking of political opinions deemed problematic . Even so , resistance remains at the top levels of Chinese leadership .
Some analysts have said Facebook 's best option is to follow a model laid out by other internet companies and cooperate with a local company or investor . Finding a partner — and potentially allowing it to own a majority stake in Facebook 's China operation — would take the burden of censorship and surveillance off the Silicon Valley company . It would also let Facebook rely on a local company 's government connections and experience to deal with the difficult task of communicating with Beijing .
Facebook and Chinese officials have had intermittent talks in the last few years about the social network 's entering the market , according to employees who were involved in the discussions , though the two sides have been unable to reach a compromise .
Facebook currently sells advertising for some Chinese businesses from its Hong Kong office . Among its customers are state-media sites that act as the propaganda arm of the Chinese government , and that operate official accounts where they post articles . Chinese citizens who wish to gain access to Facebook must tunnel in using a technology known as a virtual private network , or VPN .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It 's unclear when the suppression tool originated , but the project picked up momentum in the last year , as engineers were plucked from other parts of Facebook to work on the effort , the current and former employees said . The project was led by Vaughan Smith , a vice president for mobile , corporate and business development at Facebook , they said . Like Mr. Zuckerberg , Mr. Smith speaks a smattering of Mandarin .
Unveiling a new censorship tool in China could lead to more demands to suppress content from other countries . The fake-news problem , which has hit countries across the globe , has already led some governments to use the issue as an excuse to target sites of political rivals , or shut down social media sites altogether .
Over the summer , several Facebook employees who were working on the suppression tool left the company , the current and former employees said . Internally , so many employees asked about the project and its ambitions on an internal forum that , in July , it became a topic at one of Facebook 's weekly Friday afternoon question-and-answer sessions .
Mr. Zuckerberg was at the event and answered a question from the audience about the tool . They told the gathering that Facebook 's China plans were nascent . But they also struck a pragmatic tone about the future , according to employees who attended the session .
“ It 's better for Facebook to be a part of enabling conversation , even if it 's not yet the full conversation , ” Mr. Zuckerberg said , according to employees .
After Donald Trump declined to endorse Paul Ryan ahead of the House speaker 's primary election later this month , Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort weighed in on the GOP nominee 's decision Thursday .
Asked on `` CBS This Morning '' what it would take for Trump to back Ryan , Manafort insisted that `` there 's no issue '' about it .
`` He 's going to support Paul Ryan , '' the campaign chief said . `` I mean , they do support Paul Ryan . They said he 's going to work with Paul Ryan . ''
`` He did n't take a position in the primary , they did n't take a position in many primaries , '' Manafort continued . `` That 's not the news . The news is the two of them working together to elect a Republican Congress and a Republican president , and I think you 're going to see that . ''
Is Donald Trump headed for a point of no return ?
Ryan , despite their own endorsement for Trump earlier this year , has continued to be a vocal critic of Trump 's policies and inflammatory rhetoric . Just this week , Ryan stood by the Gold Star Khan family , who lost their Army captain son in the Iraq War , after the Republican nominee accused them of `` viciously '' attacking him .
Manafort also discussed Trump 's vice presidential nominee , Mike Pence , and the Indiana governor 's choice to endorse Ryan .
`` Paul Ryan is a close personal friend of Mike Pence , '' they said . `` Donald Trump understood that relationship . ''
When pressed , as a lifelong Republican , on their own views of Ryan , Manafort at first declined to elaborate .
`` Look , I 'm chairperson of the campaign and as chairperson of the campaign we have a campaign position of not getting involved in primaries , '' they said .
But later , they added in a seeming slip of the tongue : `` I support them as a speaker and I know after next week I 'm going to be supporting them as a candidate for president too -- I mean ... ''
Manafort chuckled at that , as `` CBS This Morning '' hosts noted the rumors and the `` talk '' around the possibility that Trump may drop out of the race ahead of the election .
The campaign chief also weighed in on their candidate 's dipping poll numbers following the Democratic party 's national convention .
`` The dropping poll numbers were expected , '' Manafort said . `` We feel as though in a week or so the polls are going to even out . We always thought that . We had a bounce , we knew that the Democrats would have a bounce . ''
Asked if their candidate 's tendency at rallies to veer off message and litigate old campaign controversies ( like Trump 's feud with Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly ) hurts their chances in November , Manafort seemed to blame the media for its coverage of Trump 's speeches .
`` Well , the thing is , you nitpicked what they say , and the other day they were talking about , strong message , on what 's going on with this $ 400 million in Iran , which is an outrageous amount of money , '' Manafort said , referencing a cash payment made to Iran that the White House claimed was to settle an outstanding legal dispute from decades back .
`` There 's a responsibility on both parts -- the media and the campaigns , '' they said . `` Everybody understood what the real messages were in that speech . They were talking about the Iranian situation , they were talking about the cash , they were talking about the decisions . ''
Manafort added that the campaign feels `` confident '' that the issues are being heard locally .
Despite Trump 's recent slip in the polls , Manafort said `` there 's plenty of time '' to bounce back .
`` We 're in the first week of August , '' they said . `` Usually campaigns do n't even start until September . We 're using August as a very aggressive month , however . ''
Nasa has announced plans to grow plants on the moon by 2015 in a project designed to further humanity 's chances of successfully colonising space .
If successful , the Lunar Plant Growth Habitat team will make history by seeding life from Earth on another celestial body for the first time , paving the way for humans to set up more permanent habitation . “ If we send plants and they thrive , then we probably can , ” says Nasa .
Scientists , contractors and students will work together to create a small 1kg “ self-contained habitat ” containing seeds and germination material to send to the moon . To get there Nasa plans to ‘ hitchhike ' , delivering the payload via the Moon Express lander , a commercial spacecraft enrolled in the Google Lunar X Prize .
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles , events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month
“ After landing in late 2015 , water will be added to the seeds in the module and their growth will be monitored for 5-10 days and compared to Earth based controls . Seeds will include Arabidopsis , basil , and turnips , ” said Nasa officials in a press release .
The difficulty for the scientists will be encouraging plant growth in the harsh environment of the moon . Partial gravity and lunar radiation will need to be accounted for , although the plants will travel with their own water reservoir and enough air for five days of growth . Cameras and sensors will monitor the plants and send data back to Earth .
Nasa has outlined the importance of completing such experiments , noting that “ thriving plants are needed for life support ( food , air , water ) for colonists , ” and that such greenery also provides “ psychological comfort , as the popularity of the greenhouses in Antarctica and on the Space Station show . ”
Getting the seeds to the moon will be accomplished via the help of the Moon Express lander , a spacecraft being built by the private company Moon Express to compete in the Google Lunar X Prize . The $ 20 million prize will be awarded to the first team to “ land a robot on the surface of the Moon , travel 500 meters over the lunar surface , and send images and data back to the Earth , ” with a deadline of 31 December 2015 .
The experiment will help Nasa not only to learn more about how plants grow in testing environmental conditions , but will address broader questions about the possibility of establishing human habitats elsewhere in the universe .
“ Can humans live and work on the moon ? Not just visit for a few days but stay for decades ? A first step in long term presence is to send plants , ” says Nasa . “ They carry genetic material that can be damaged by radiation as can that of humans [ and ] can test the lunar environment for us , acting as a ‘ canary in a coal mine ' . ”
The project is also noteworthy for its relative frugality . Speaking to Forbes 's Tarun Wadhwa , planetary scientist Dr. Chris McKay estimated that such a project would have cost $ 300 million two decades ago , but will only set Nasa back $ 2 million today .
In a move that Wadhwa described as `` a brilliant mix of creativity and frugality , '' Nasa will also be sending duplicate habitats to schools across America , so that children and students can grow and monitor the same plants being sent to the moon .
This part of the project kills two birds with one stone : it allows Nasa to crowdsource the control experiments necessary for any scientific investigation , whilst also involving and inspiring a new generation with dreams of planetary exploration .
﻿
If you 're getting a little bored of the classic dinner date , and have found yourself going to the same restaurants , ordering the same food and having the same conversations , then why not shake things up a little ? Check out a few of our alternative dating ideas ...
1 ) A Fancy Wine Date
Take a trip to your nearest off-license , ( try and find a ‘ posh one , ' i.e . not the garage round the corner that sells a 4 pack of cider for £5 ) . We mean one of those nice ones where the wine is stacked on wooden shelves with hand written notes , and they have hundreds of beers you 've never heard of before . Ask the guy or girl behind the counter what they 'd recommend , and go with it .
It might be pricey , but our thinking is this ; spend whatever you would have spent on a dinner date on this fancy bottle and spend the evening enjoying it together . Go super romantic and head to a quiet spot in a park , or just cuddle up on your sofa . If the date goes well , you can keep the bottle as a little memento !
2 ) Rock Climbing
Whether you 're a total pro or a newbie , Rock Climbing is a great sport for a date . Mainly , because it 's not that aerobic so you wo n't get all red faced and ( too ! ) sweaty . It 's also a nice way to get ‘ hands-on ' with each other and break down those body language barriers .
Exercise also gives us those happy hormones , putting us in the perfect mood for romance…
3 ) Bake Together
It 's the time of year again when everyone is in a baking frenzy ( thankyou GBBO ) . Get messy in the kitchen with your date and bake your very own showstopper . Cupcakes are a fun and easy option , and you can have lots of fun decorating them when they 're ready .
Being in a kitchen with someone is always a good way of discovering more about their character – are they a complete control freak or really chilled out ? ?
Cinnamon Swirl ? ?
4 ) Dinner in the Dark !
Dans Lenoir is an incredible restaurant in London where food is served in the dark . The restaurant is pitch black , meaning that you ca n't see your food , the table or your date ! With blind waiters serving the food and being on hand to help you get around . It 's a truly unique experience that helps us re-evaluate our perception of taste and smell , in an open-minded atmosphere . Oh , and the food is amazing !
“ The concept behind our menu is to re-educate our customers ' palates and minds , to make them truly experience the flavours being presented . Totally deprived of light , your eyes ca n't deceive you , so therefore all preconceptions are gone . ”
5 ) Watch the Sunrise
Not one for the first date ( unless of course it went REALLY well ) . Wake up early , like 4am early , and drive out to the countryside to watch the sunrise together . Take a flask of coffee and a blanket and huddle up whilst you watch the day start . Afterwards , either take a walk or go for breakfast ! … .. and then go back to bed , because who wakes up at 4am ? !
6 ) Theme Park
An adrenalin filled day trip to your nearest theme park will get the sparks flying ! Hold hands on the scary rides and see if you can do the impossible and share a kiss as the photo is taken !
7 ) The British Music Experience
A permanent attraction on the top floor of the O2 , featuring music memorabilia from David Bowie 's Ziggy Stardust costume to Noel Gallagher 's Union Jack Guitar . Explore British music from the defining sounds of The Beatles to more recent rockers like the Arctic Monkeys and Radiohead . The museum houses over 3000 images , 600 video clips and 3000 artist videos – the PERFECT date option for music loving couples .
8 ) Bring A Film !
Film tastes – a great conversation for any first date . Take it one step further and have a night in watching 2 films , you each get to pick one ( your favourite ) . Cue debates / discussion and general ‘ getting to know you ' chit chat .
9 ) Lucky Dip
Our favourite ! Open up your local paper and turn to the gig listings , shut your eyes and pick one . Not a live music fan ? Do the same with restaurants , or even cinema listings . You could end up doing something really exciting and different or you could end up seeing a Barry Manilow tribute act at your local . Either way , it 's something to talk about !
10 ) Gin Cocktails
Time out have collected ‘ London 's Best Speakeasies , ' bars inspired by the 1920s prohibition era . Expect beautiful gin cocktails , jazz musicians and a retro dance code…
BEIJING in the winter of 2016 is a bit like Moscow in the winter of 1936 : every day brings news of more purged officials and you never know who will be next . On February 4th four more high-ranking party members were kicked out , bringing to 67 the number known to have been investigated , expelled or sentenced this year alone . Among prominent establishment figures who have been dealt with in such ways recently are the head of the National Bureau of Statistics ; a former chairperson of Wuhan Iron and Steel , a large state-owned firm ; and a former deputy chief of the country 's police .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Observers trying to understand the campaign 's complexities now have a bit more help , thanks to a database compiled by ChinaFile , part of the Asia Society , an American NGO . It includes everyone known to have been targeted : 1,496 of them , which is double the number of people who had been outed as suspects a year ago ( thousands of others have been investigated but not identified publicly ) .
Only 151 people on the list are those who might be called “ tigers ” —a term used by President Xi Jinping to describe errant senior officials . The vast majority are those whom Mr Xi calls “ flies ” , or wayward low-level ones . Tigers and flies named as having been rounded up so far have been accused of stealing a total of 6.3 billion yuan ( nearly $ 1 billion ) , 50 % more than investigators were saying had been misappropriated by named suspects a year ago .
By occupation , the biggest number of targets come from state-owned firms and the armed forces ( see chart ) . Of the military officials , 44 are tigers—an exceptionally high proportion . The property sector , however , produces the most swag . There are just ten property magnates on the list , but they are said to be responsible for stealing 40 % of all the money .
Geographically , corruption tends to be patchy—or perhaps the investigation of it is . Shanxi , a northern province , has seen almost twice as many tigers arrested than any other region outside Beijing . They include five members of a so-called “ Shanxi group ” linked to another tiger , Ling Jihua , who was chief of staff to Hu Jintao , Mr Xi 's predecessor ( the authorities would love to get their hands on their brother , Ling Wancheng , who is reported to be in America and spilling valuable secrets to officials there ) . Two provinces where Mr Xi served before becoming president—Fujian and Zhejiang—have got off relatively lightly .
A big puzzle is whether the campaign is a genuine attempt to clean up or mainly a cover for political vendettas . The database lends some support to the idea that the purge began by concentrating on politically influential groups . But by tracking whether someone under investigation is connected to others on the list , it appears to show that the focus has changed . Of the first 100 people named as suspects when the campaign began , 25 had links with other targeted officials , including to Bo Xilai , a fallen rival to Mr Xi . Among the most recent 100 cases , however , only seven are members of identifiable networks .
Those in the database who have ties with one another are often members of a group suspected of opposing Mr Xi . The shift from targeting such officials to tackling individuals without apparent connections may be a sign that eliminating corruption—rather than simply getting rid of rivals—is becoming a more important objective . Or it may be that Mr Xi has run out of rivals in need of crushing .
News in Science
Aboriginal DNA dates Australian arrival
Early settlers DNA sequencing of a 100-year-old lock of hair has established that Aboriginal Australians have a longer continuous association with the land than any other race of people .
Sequencing of a West Australian Aboriginal man 's hair shows they were directly descended from a migration out of Africa into Asia that took place about 70,000 years ago .
The finding , published today in Science , rewrites the history of the human species by confirming humans moved out of Africa in waves of migrations rather than one single out-of-Africa diaspora .
The study is based on a lock of hair donated to British anthropologist Alfred Haddon by an Aboriginal man from the Goldfields region of Western Australia in the early 20th century .
The genome , shown to have no genetic input from modern European Australians , reveals the ancestors of the Aboriginal man separated from the ancestors of other human populations some 64,000 to 75,000 years ago .
Aboriginal Australians therefore descend directly from the earliest modern explorers — people who migrated into Asia before finally reaching Australia .
Co-author Dr Joe Dortch , an archaeologist at the University of Western Australia , says the work is significant because it shows the timeline for people in Australia is more than 50,000 years .
`` So far there are no [ archaeological ] sites that are over 50,000 years old so it puts a time limit on that and focuses our future efforts , '' they say .
Dortch believes the finding will foster a sense of pride in modern Australian Aborigines .
`` It shows Aboriginal Australians have the longest branch of history in one particular place of anyone in the world .
`` No one else in the world can say ' I am descended from people who have been here 75,000 years ' . ''
Early explorers
Dortch says there has been debate among researchers as to whether there was a single migration wave out of Africa into Europe , Asia , and Australia .
Under that view , the first Australians would have branched off from an Asian population already separated from the ancestors of Europeans .
However , this study shows that when ancestral Aboriginal Australians began their journey , the ancestors of Asians and Europeans had not yet differentiated from each other and were still in Africa or the Middle East .
Dortch says the study shows a high level of sophistication among these early explorers .
`` Their arrival in Australia required an incredible degree of planning and foresight , '' they say .
`` You ca n't see Australia from Indonesia , you have to infer it is there . This was a colonisation journey and that is modern behaviour happening more than 50,000 years ago . ''
Fellow co-author David Lambert , a professor of evolutionary biology at Griffith University , agrees .
`` Aboriginal people were in Australia before people got to Europe and already had very complex societies by that time , '' Lambert says .
They say the closest populations to Australian Aborigines from that first early dispersal migration can be found today in the Highlands of Papua New Guinea and the Aeta people of The Philippines .
Indigenous partnership
Lambert says the `` landmark paper '' breaks new ground in its approach in consulting and working in partnership with indigenous groups .
The research is endorsed by the Goldfields Land and Sea Council ( GLSC ) , the organisation representing the traditional owners for the region where the male donor lived .
`` We know this hair sample was taken voluntarily and that an Aboriginal man gave their consent in 1923 , and the people that represent the area they were from in 2011 have given their consent , '' says GLSC research manager Dr Craig Muller .
Muller says the Goldfields people are proud the research highlights the longevity of Aboriginal Australian occupation of the land .
`` The Aboriginal people of the Goldfields area knew that anyway , but they like the fact the broader community is being reminded of [ the length of our connection ] , '' they say .
Muller says the people of the region have also told them they are eager to collaborate on further research .
Creating a genetic road map
Murdoch University 's ancient DNA expert Dr Michael Bunce and hair analysis expert Silvana Tridico also contributed to the project .
`` It really is remarkable the recent advances in technology that now enable us to convert an old lock of hair into a complete genome - the information encoded in the DNA can tell us a lot about how humans explored the globe , '' says Bunce .
`` The great news is that there is so much more we can discover both from this sample . ''
Tridico says the sample not only yielded information on the donor 's ancestry , but also their own personal history .
`` I was able to see features like ochre still attached to the hair shafts and weathering from the harsh outback conditions , '' Tridico says .
So far the only ancient human genomes have been obtained from hair preserved under frozen conditions .
The researchers have now shown that hair preserved in much less ideal conditions can be used for genome sequencing without risk of modern human contamination that is typical in ancient bones and teeth .
Getty Images
Last week brought word that 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick would like to be something other than a 49ers quarterback during the 2016 season and wants to be traded to another team .
The 49ers have n't said whether Kaepernick made such a request , although owner Jed York said they think the quarterback can be “ a big piece of what we 're doing. ” Ian Rapoport of NFL Media reported that the Texans and Browns are interested in making Kaepernick a piece of what they 're doing , but another report from Houston has the Texans taking the opposite view of a potential trade .
The Texans have made no secret about their desire to find a lasting solution at quarterback this offseason , but John McClain of the Houston Chronicle reports that the Texans have “ no interest ” in trading for Kaepernick .
If the 49ers do decide to make a trade , linking Kaepernick to the teams most in need of quarterback is a good way to try to get other clubs to make offers for their services . For the moment , though , the Texans appear to have no interest in being involved .
Trainers ,
Pokémon GO is in the process of being updated to version 0.37.0 for Android and 1.7.0 for iOS devices . Below are some release notes and comments from our development team .
Implemented Buddy Pokémon : Trainers will now be able to choose one of their Pokémon to be their buddy . A Trainer can earn Candy for their Buddy Pokémon by walking a certain distance .
Made it easier to select smaller Pokémon on the screen .
Fixed an issue where Eggs would sometimes hatch without displaying the animation .
Improved performance reliability when a device switches networks to no longer cause the application to hang or stop updating .
Pokémon GO Plus support
Minor text fixes .
We continue to focus on eliminating bots and scrapers from Pokémon GO . Rooted or jailbroken devices are not supported by Pokémon GO . Remember to download Pokémon GO from the official Google Play Store or iTunes App Store only .
The Pokémon GO team
Let 's talk a little about positioning . I 'm going to focus on laning and team fights during this article and try to talk generally about what you 're trying to accomplish with positioning and why you should do it . I honestly feel that good positioning can not be taught , because of how complicated it is , and that experience will teach you more than I ever could ; however , I 'll attempt to outline the thought behind positioning to help you on your way .
There are many strong tutorials on zoning and some of them include video guides so feel free to look those up , google “ Zoning Tutorial League of Legends , ” as these will assist you with your positioning during the laning phase .
“ The terrain is to be assessed in terms of distance , difficulty or ease of travel , dimension , and safety. “
–Sun Tzu
What is positioning and why is it important ?
This might sound like a stupid question , but it 's good to start from the simple stuff and work upward . Positioning is where you place your character in the game and is a very important aspect of League that is commonly misunderstood by much of the player base . The difference between “ good ” and “ bad ” positioning can easily cost you your life ( or even the entire game ) through a Blitz hook that grabs you over a wall .
The biggest problem is that it is very hard to teach “ good ” positioning because it is so variable and changes from second to second . What may be “ good ” positioning in one game is often awful positioning in the next just because of the number of things that can change on the fly . There are n't many teachable , specific , ‘ right ' answers when it comes to positioning aside from stay away from big threats . But there are a lot of “ wrong ” ones and these will be exploited by the better players in League .
Positioning is important because it allows you to use your character 's strengths to full effect , but it also assists in shielding your weaknesses , usually behind big tanky characters .
How do you go about positioning yourself in lane ?
Let 's look at a specific scenario here . As I said before , it is hard to teach this , but hopefully I can explain the problem and what we want to achieve and this can then be extrapolated , by you , in to real games .
The scenario : Both minion lines have met each other and a 6v6 battle is occurring between them . You are against Xin Zhao in lane , both of you have your ult up and have plenty of health and mana . The jungler is dead and you have good ward coverage so you know you are n't about to get ganked . Let us also assume you are a melee champion .
Your objectives for this scenario are as follows , in priority order ( you 'll see my reasoning later ) :
Get all 6 CS
Stop Xin from getting CS or make them pay for it
React to trade attempts
Kill Xin
We can break these down into individual sections here , but in reality you need to do them all at once during the game .
1 . ) Get all 6 CS
For positioning , this is quite easy . All you need to do is ensure that you are within auto-attack range of the minion when it is going to die . However this get 's complicated when several minions start to die at once or when a minion gets focused on the opposite side of the lane . Make sure you are thinking ahead .
You need to focus on minion health bars and look at who is dying first so you can move yourself into a position to pick up the CS . Most of you probably do this without even thinking about it , yet people still manage to miss CS even when there are n't opponents in lane .
2 . ) Stop Xin from getting CS or make them pay for it
The best way to do this is to zone Xin away from the minion line completely . By making threatening moves towards him , or just right-clicking on him , you can move your character in a way that will force Xin to react to this new threat . If they back off , he 'll risk missing out on CS and you can comfortably farm your lane .
If they do n't back off , then this will probably result in a situation where you will battle , but for the moment let 's assume they do retreat . You can now easily pick up the farm in lane as they are scared to come close and challenge you .
Make sure that you are only last hitting during this phase . Do not do extra damage to the minions than you have to because this will lower the amount of time Xin spends away from their minion line , and thus miss less CS .
An exception to this is if your enemy struggles to last hit under the turret . If this is the case then you should attempt to do as much damage to the minions as possible without missing out on CS . Be careful here as extended use of abilities may result in a Xin “ all-in ” as you do n't have the abilities to counteract this new threat .
In terms of making them pay for it , the best way to do this is to attack them as they are going for a last hit . This allows you to get ‘ free ' damage on them that they ca n't return to you because they spent their auto-attack on the minion . If they attack you instead , then they missed out on a CS and you get a relatively even trade .
In order to take full advantage of this strategy you need to watch the enemy minion health bars , as well as your ow , n as you do n't want to miss out on CS while harassing . This will result in a situation where you will need to be constantly moving in lane to adjust your positioning relative to your minions , the enemy minions , and the enemy laner .
You can go further than a single auto-attack by attempting “ all-in ” style trades where you blow many cooldowns on him , but are n't actually attempting to get a kill unless they stick around and the opportunity presents itself . This sort of trades usually results in one of you dying , one character being forced out lane , or someone is zoned from the creep line .
3 . ) React to trade attempts
If Xin starts using the above tactics against you then you need to react to what they do . This could be by adjusting your positioning by using the brush to close on to minions while they ca n't see you or backing off slightly yourself . If you ca n't trade well with the opposing laner , then moving away from the minion line , so they ca n't engage you , is probably the best tactic , but it will set you behind .
Try and grab as many CS as you can by maximizing your positioning . You want to be close enough to the minion line to get any last hits when Xin becomes preoccupied elsewhere , but far enough away to not allow an easy engage or easy damage to be dropped on you .
The reason I positioned this third rather than second is that you want to try and dictate the pace of your lane as best you can . The earlier you assert dominance , even if you 're not actually ahead and would lose a full on trade , the larger you can grow your lead before they realize and start to zone you .
4 . ) Kill Xin
I 've put this last even though this is probably the top of most people 's priority lists just because I believe this should n't be something you should exclusively aim for in lane , but instead something you set up and then capitalize on through harassment , until you get fed at least . Positioning for kills is relatively similar to what you do above , but you try and get yourself between your enemy and their route of escape , usually the tower .
This means they need to either come through you to get away or attempt to run through the river , which is a longer and more importantly not as safe as coming past the turret as anyone could be lurking in the brushes . If you 've got Flash up and the enemy does n't , then you can use this to quickly reposition yourself for the kill , just do n't blow it too early !
Lane Summary
You can see that this situation started out as “ position yourself near your minions to get CS ” and went to “ position yourself near your minions to get last hits while aggressively attempting to get the other laner away from the creep line by enough that they miss CS , but without forcing a full on engage unless you feel you can win it ” . We 've not even considered the situation if you 're nearer/further from your turret , ca n't see the jungler , or where one/both of you are ranged . It 's a complicated game .
Lane positioning is all about trying to control the creep wave and then forcing the enemy to react to your movements . You want to position close enough to the creeps to last hit , but far enough away that you wo n't take signficant harass from the enemy or potentially risk an unfavorable engagement .
Team Fight Positioning
I 'm not going to make this section more complicated than it needs to be and as such I 'm going to attempt to list some factors and considerations that might come into a “ pre-team fight ” and a team fight scenario .
If you are a squishy character , you need to position yourself away from damage and CC threats . Usually this will be behind the more beefy characters in your team so they can absorb some of the CC as the enemy attempt to take you down .
Consider what kind of initiation is likely to come your way and adjust your positioning to counter this . You do n't need to be far enough away that an Amumu Bandage Toss + Ult combo wo n't hit you , but if that initiation does come in , you need to be able to react fast enough to get yourself to safety .
The tankier characters need to form a front-line against the enemy team and use their presence to dissuade an initiation on to the squishy members of the group . In many cases you are n't required to provide any initiation either because your character does n't have any or because your team does n't want to fight at this moment in time , and as such you should just use the mere threat of an initiation to move the enemy team away from objectives .
In many cases it can actually be detrimental to use your moves and miss targets because the mere threat of an Amumu Bandage Toss or Xin dash is enough to stop the enemy team from diving you under a turret .
In a team fight , positioning is far too complex to discuss in an article aside from the simple things of keeping yourself alive and doing damage or peeling for the characters who can . A good place to look for actual advice on this subject would be pro player streams or pro matches ; pause the game when you see a team fight approaching and at periodic times during the fight and make note of the players ' positioning .
You 'll see subtle movements in the fight that may cost some players while others are able to abuse these to get out a few more hits before they die and this ultimately wins the team fight .
Previously , it was mentioned that positioning strengths and weaknesses change from second to second , but why is this the case ?
On a basic level it 's because your champion 's ( as well as your opponent 's ) kill potential , CC potential , or just harass potential changes with time and changes with ability usage . The obvious thing to ask is how scared are you of an Annie or Orianna with their ultimate available compared to ones that do n't ?
You react to these strengths all the time without even thinking about it by playing more aggressive against a Kassadin pre-6 , staying away from trouble when you 're out of mana , or by going aggressive when your jungler is coming to gank .
To use another example , if you miss a hook as Blitzcrank your damage , CC , and kill potential is very low until you get it back off cooldown . So for the next 15-20 seconds the enemy will play more aggressively and they will be more likely to go for CS that you could previously have zoned them from just by the threat of a grab , even if you would 've missed it .
How do you break the positioning deadlock ?
Have you ever wondered why Zac , TF , Amumu , and Malphite are all common bans ? They allow you to transcend the whole positioning meta game with a use of their abilities and then follow these up with strong CC .
TF can easily teleport behind someone in lane , turning their previous “ good ' ” positioning into terrible positioning because they are now sandwhiched between two members of the opposing team and a long way from safety . Amumu can use their Bandage Toss to quickly close the gap and then their ult to catch the squishies at the back who were previously safe sitting behind their tank line . Zac and Malphite have similar stories .
It can obviously be done with the classic “ run up and punch the guy in the face ” tactic .
Conclusion
The positioning meta game is an interesting and challenging part of League of Legends . It 's painfully obvious when someone has bad positioning because you can see them get brought down by an entire team 's focus fire after a Blitz grab ; however , good positioning can frequently result in an unkillled AD carry pentakilling an entire team , so learning how to position properly is a vital skill that many at low ELO just do n't have .
Learning from the pro players by watching streams and the old LCS games can help give you the basic understanding you need , but if you want to improve you need to play more and actively think about where you are in relation to the threats on the opposing team . Additionally , you need to attempt to look out for when characters on your team are out of position and be prepared to react to any initiation or counter initiaion that may result in a team fight .
I picked this up from a shop in the Azores as I would have had to wait 2-3 months with Amazon . They had it on sale for €310 which I thought was a misprint , but it arrived and was this model . After reading many reviews and getting confused , I will split this review into three parts : good , bad and personal conclusion .
Good : screen is nice and responsive . Mostly , the build quality is good . The sound is great and the stereo speakers work well . The stylus is very nice and when you try it out with Freshpaint , for example , you really see why it is a great addition to the tab . It comes with nearly full Office , albeit without Outlook . It 's pretty light and it is easy to hold in one hand . The processor is good and although it might not handle more intensive games , it works well with Asphalt 8 , which is a pretty good benchmark to see how it holds up .
Bad : the power button does n't feel responsive . There is n't much click ( if you know what i mean ) The battery is ok , but no awards . I also use an iPad air and a Nexus 7 ( 2013 ) so I might have been spoilt , but I can only usually get about 6 hours out of this tablet . When you first start using the stylus , it feels grainy and you think you will scratch the screen . This might be because there is some sort of coating , but it feels really odd , especially compared to the silky glide on my Galaxy note .
Personal conclusion : the negaitives really are just small gripes . I can now ditch my laptop to go to work . I can print directly from this and it 's great to have a full on 8.1 tablet in my pocket . I really did n't think ASUS would be the first company to include a wacom digitizer , but they have done a good job .
KIND Bars ( Photo11 : KING-TV )
KIND , the snack bar company , got a not-so-kind warning letter from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration that several of the company 's products are n't as healthy as advertised .
In a letter to CEO Daniel Lubetzky dated March 17 , 2015 , the FDA cited several `` significant violations . ''
The letter cited labels on Kind Fruit & Nut Almond & Apricot , Kind Fruit & Nut Almond & Coconut , Kind Plus Peanut Butter Dark Chocolate & Protein , and Kind Plus Dark Chocolate Cherry Cashew & Antioxidants that `` bear the claim 'healthy and tasty , convenient and wholesome , ' in connection with statements such as :
`` good source of fiber , '' `` no trans fats , '' `` very low sodium '' or `` low sodium , '' `` 50 % DV antioxidants vitamins A , C and E '' and `` 7g protein . ''
But , the letter said , none of those products meet the FDA requirements for use of the nutrient content claim `` healthy . ''
`` You should take prompt action to correct the violations , '' William A. Correll of the FDA New York District wrote . `` Failure to promptly correct the violations may result in regulatory action without further notice , including seizure and/or injunction . ''
On April 14 , KIND posted a note on its website saying `` Our team at KIND is fully committed to working alongside the FDA , and we 're moving quickly to comply with its request . We 're also taking it upon ourselves to conduct a thorough review of all of our snack food labels and website information to ensure that they 're compliant . ''
The company went on to say :
`` The FDA pointed out a number of items that we 're correcting , and there 's one that we feel is particularly important to discuss as it cuts to the core of who we are . We 've built a brand centered around creating wholesome and great tasting snacks . While this will never change , some of our products do not follow the FDA regulatory standard for using the word `` healthy '' on a label , which says , among other things , that a snack food ca n't have more than 3g of total fat or 1g of saturated fat per serving .
Nuts , key ingredients in many of our snacks and one of the things that make fans love our bars , contain nutritious fats that exceed the amount allowed under the FDA 's standard . This is similar to other foods that do not meet the standard for use of the term healthy , but are generally considered to be good for you like avocados , salmon and eggs . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1FXhx0e
Welcome To Episode # 17 of the Amazon Private Label Show Podcast !
In this episode I break down my goals and plan to be making over $ 30,000 a month profit while selling on Amazon FBA . I will give you my outline and plan specific actions that will lead me to my goals and desired business outcomes .
Amazon Private Label Show Podcast – How To Make Over $ 30,000 A Month From Amazon FBA
I have been hard at work building the foundation for my Amazon FBA business . I normally am a big picture thinker . The short game just does n't interest me .
I thought I would share some of my plans and goals for the rest of 2016 and beyond . It is my plan by the end of 2016 to be making over $ 30,00 in profit from my Amazon private label business .
Will I hit that goal ?
I have every intention of doing so and look forward to the challenge .
Make sure you listen to the podcast to learn more about my plans .
Here is a general breakdown of some of my plans for the rest of 2016
Have at least 11 products by the end of 2016 making 30K profit a month
All products will belong to the same brand
Each product will have several variations of color and size
Each product will be making about $ 100 a day profit
11 products x $ 100 = $ 1100 x 30 = $ 33,000/month
Product Research And Launch
Training a VA to do product research following my guidelines using Jungle Scout
Ask existing audience and customer base what needs they have
Make sure each product is going to be a winner before committing
Launch at least 1 new product a month , follow launch process
If product does n't perform to expectations then liquidate and move on
Automation And Outsourcing
Outsource and automate everything that makes sense to
Utilize freelancers and virtual assistants from Upwork when possible
Virtual assistant to handle customer service and monitor daily sales and reviews
Virtual assistant to help with product research and talking with suppliers
Virtual assistant to manage social media accounts
Outsource Amazon PPC , listing creation , etc…
Utilize tools such as Sales Backer for review and feedback automation
Social Media Goals
I do n't just want to rely on Amazon for sales and traffic so I know my brands social media presence needs to be solid . I am building a brand and company that I want to sell off and cash out on some day so building an audience and following is important to me .
Now do you have to invest time and energy into social media for your products or brand ? Absolutely not ! This is just my plan and goal . I am just a believer in Amazon but I also know better to not put all my eggs in one basket .
Here are the total stats I am shooting for by year end 2016
100,000 Instagram followers
30,000 Facebook followers
10,000 person email list
Start a Pinterest account
How will I do this ?
Virtual assistant to mange daily postings
Product inserts with a call to action to follow-on social media
Product insert drives them to a squeeze page to capture email address using Leadpages and Aweber
Leveraging other peoples followings and audiences
Do product giveaways to rapidly grow stats ( See Shopify Article )
Use RaffleCopter
Building Out My Shopify Site
Utilize Amazon FBA to handle delivery of product sold on Shopify site
Hire content creator for blog
Offer branded clothing on my Shopify site to enhance brand
Have a charity affiliation for my brand by the end of 2016
If you have n't yet listened to Episode 3 where I talk about “ How To Find A Winning Private Label Product ” then please do that as well .
Check Out Episode 3 of The Private Label Podcast
Check out my Quick Start Guide To Finding A Winning Private Label Product < ===Click Here
SUBJECT TIMES ON PODCAST :
[ 1:45 ] I-TUNES REVIEW – TO LEAVE A REVIEW CLICK HERE
[ 3:30 ] # ASKGARYVEE BOOK
[ 5:10 ] MY PLAN
[ 11:00 ] AUTOMATION AND OUTSOURCING
[ 17:00 ] SOCIAL MEDIA GOALS
[ 27:00 ] MY SHOPIFY SITE
[ 31:00 ] CHARITY
[ 34:00 ] WHAT ARE YOUR GOALS ?
RESOURCES MENTIONED IN THIS EPISODE :
Jungle Scout – An awesome plug in that allows you to quickly do product research on Amazon like a pro . Jungle Scout has saved me TONS of time when looking for new product ideas . It 's a MUST for anyone who is getting started in selling physical products on Amazon . I highly recommend Jungle Scout !
SEE MY JUNGLE SCOUT REVIEW HERE :
SAVE 10 % BY USING THIS SPECIAL LINK – > PLS LISTENER DISCOUNT
Leadpages – A terrific resource that allows you to create high converting landing pages that allow you to collect e-mails . I have been using this for years and it 's a very high quality product/service .
Aweber – The most popular email opt-in service and e-mail broadcasting service . I use Aweber for all my newsletters and mailing lists . This is a must if you are serious about growing your Amazon business to the next level .
Salesbacker – This service and tool automates your product feedback and reviews . I use this personally and found it amazingly simple to setup and let run . This is another must have for all private labelers . Automation of this process is key and this tool does the trick .
Feedback Genius – A great tool to automate the follow up and review process . Use this to build up your customer feedback and customer reviews .
Fiverr – A great site to use to find freelancers with all sorts of skills .
Upwork – A great hub that connects you with tons of freelancers to do all sorts of work . Use this site to find a great photographer .
Shopify – Take your Amazon business to the next level and start a Shopify store to start selling on your own website . This is the platform I use as it 's simple and can link to you Amazon FBA account .
For all other resources and tools that I use in my Amazon business please see the resources link .
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SHOW !
I Need Your Help !
If you enjoyed listening to this podcast , then please support me with an iTunes review . It 's easy and takes 1 minute ! Just click here to head to iTunes and leave an honest rating and review of the podcast . Every review helps !
How To Make Over $ 30,000 A Month On Amazon FBA – Episode # 17
Related
PLEASE LEAVE A COMMENT BELOW
comments
Hello and welcome back once again for the latest installment of ‘ Final Frontier Friday ' !
Having covered a first season episode last time , I thought I 'd follow it up with a second season episode to continue charting the show 's evolution . And believe me when I say that while ‘ Samaritan Snare ' is far from the heights the series would eventually reach , it is nonetheless better than ‘ Code of Honor ‘ in every conceivable way . By this time , the writing staff has started to stabilize under showrunner Maurice Hurley and Riker even has a beard ! Things are looking up ! But how much of an improvement are we actually looking at here ? Well , let 's get to the episode and find out .
As Wesley prepares to visit a nearby starbase for a Starfleet exam , Captain Picard finds themselves accompanying the young trainee when Dr. Pulaski insists that they attend to an unspecified medical procedure that he 's been delaying for some time . No sooner does the shuttle depart than the Enterprise receives a distress call and moves to intercept .
Upon arrival , the Enterprise finds a Pakled ship . The Pakleds , a remarkably “ simple ” people , are unable to explain their problem except to say that their ship is “ broken ” . Geordi volunteers to beam over and make the necessary repairs and Riker agrees , despite Worf 's strident insistence that they simply do n't know enough about the Pakleds to trust them . As Geordi arrives on the Pakled ship , Counselor Troi decides to remind everyone that she 's on the show , and rushes on to the bridge to warn Riker that they sense danger from the Pakleds . With the repairs completed , Geordi prepared to beam back to the Enterprise . Before they can do so , one of the Pakleds grabs their phaser and stuns him . With their hostage secure , the Pakled ship cuts off communication and a standoff begins . When communication is restored , the Pakleds demand full access to the Enterprise 's “ computer things ” . When they next speak to the Pakleds , Geordi is also present , allowing the crew to convince the Pakleds that they are a weapons expert before taking an aggressive posture . Now allowed access to the Pakleds defensive systems , Geordi is able to gain their trust . The Enterprise feigns an attack using its “ crimson forcefield ” ( in reality a hydrogen discharge from the warp nacelles ) , while Geordi disables the Pakled weapons ( convincing them it was an effect of the “ forcefield ” ) . The Pakleds surrender and Geordi at last returns to the ship .
Meanwhile , on the shuttle , Picard explains to Wesley that their “ business ” at the starbase involves maintenance to their artificial heart , which they need as a result of a youthful injury . Making small talk over coffee , Wesley asks the Captain about everything from discipline to women , a conversation that culminates in Picard sharing the story of how they ended up with their artificial heart . The short version ? As a young Starfleet officer , they found themselves in a bar fight with a trio of Nausicaan thugs that ended when they were stabbed through the heart . On arrival at the starbase , the two go their separate ways . Complications arise during Picard 's surgery , and they awaken to find Pulaski standing over him . They nearly died during the procedure , requiring the medical staff to send for the Enterprise , as Pulaski is conveniently the only doctor in the area with the expertise needed to save their lives . With the crisis past , Picard and Crusher return to the ship , which warps out of orbit .
This is a really frustrating episode for me . Not because it 's especially bad ( though it 's not particularly good either ) , but because it just drives me crazy . You see , the Pakleds are stupid . They spend half the episode sitting around asking whoever happens to be in front of them why their ship wo n't go . Then they spend the rest of the episode patting themselves on the back and smirking about how clever they are for getting one over on the Starfleet crew . But they 're still stupid . Even when they 're not pretending to be stupider than they are , they 're stupid . And I mean stupid . Like , stupid with two o 's stupid . STOOPID . I might sound like I 'm overreacting here , and to some extent I probably am . But you see , when your antagonists are so stupid that you constantly find yourself wondering how they mastered pants ( let alone space travel ) , it just completely undermines them . So not only are they aggressively stupid , but because of that , they 're also impossible to take seriously as a threat to the Enterprise . And while it 's not the fault of the episode itself , the frustration is only exacerbated by the fact that it aired right on the heels of ‘ Q Who ? ' , which introduced the Borg and is easily one of the best episodes of the second season . So in the space of a week , we 've gone from perhaps the most relentlessly implacable foe in the annals of ‘ Star Trek ' to a race so stupid ( sorry , “ stoopid ” ) that they surrender to a light show .
Even setting aside the Pakleds ' stupidity , there 's never any real sense of menace about them . No sooner has the Pakled ship appeared on the viewscreen than Riker ( and by extension the audience ) is assured that the Enterprise can easily outrun and outgun them . The only real threat is to Geordi himself , but the Pakleds never seem in a particular hurry to hurt them ( and indeed , only ever threaten them directly when it looks like the Enterprise is about to open fire ) . And that 's really the biggest problem with the episode . At no point is there any particular sense of jeopardy . This goes beyond the Pakleds into the Picard/Wesley side of the episode . Wesley 's Starfleet exams are forgotten about practically the moment they board the shuttle , and even Picard 's brush with death on the operating table is treated like something of an afterthought .
Really , the best parts of the episode are the ones that follow Picard and Wesley in the shuttle . Essentially a series of small moments between the two , it underscores the fact that the characters had started to come into their own by this point , existing in a far more recognizable form than in the first season ( Picard has long since stopped being written as a French Chekov ) . In fact , this episode provides an important piece of Picard 's backstory , one that the show would later revisit from time to time , most notably in ‘ Tapestry ' . Highlights of this side of the episode include Picard 's reaction when Wesley tells them they would have made a good father and the look on Wesley 's face when Picard tells the story of that long ago bar fight . It 's just too bad there was n't enough material there to fill in more of the episode . It 's not unheard of in TV writing for a B-story to be written into an episode to fill time that the A-story ( for whatever reason ) just does n't have the material to cover . Oddly enough , ‘ Samaritan Snare ' feels like the inverse of this : an A-story ( the Pakled mess ) that exists in order to pad out the B-story . I do n't know that this was actually the case , but it 's hard not to wonder about the possibility .
As always , we 'll be back in two weeks to review another episode . Until then , I 'll see you in the comments !
The official website of FuRyu 's upcoming Shokugeki no Soma : Yūjō to Kizuna no Hitosara ( Shokugeki no Soma : The Dish of Friendship and Bonds ) Nintendo 3DS game began streaming the game 's promo video on Sunday .
The video features the opening theme of the Shokugeki no Soma anime , `` Kibō no Uta '' ( Song of Hope ) by Ultra Tower .
The game will ship on December 17 for 5,980 yen ( roughly US $ 48 ) and will feature an original story . In the game , the students of Tōtsuki Culinary Academy gather on a lone island in Europe for a cooking battle tournament .
The cast from the anime will reprise their roles in the game .
The game 's official website previously streamed a teaser for the game in May .
FuRyu is developing the `` taste personal experience cooking battle adventure '' game . The game will feature Sōma Yukihira and other familiar students at Tōtsuki Culinary Academy as they participate in cooking battles .
The original manga 's story follows Sōma , who works with their dad at their family 's restaurant . Their dad is a culinary master , and they often host cooking battles with their father . Their father then enrolls them in an elite culinary school that is very difficult to enter , and the graduation rate is only about 10 percent .
Shun Saeki and Yūto Tsukuda launched the manga in Shueisha 's Weekly Shonen Jump magazine in November 2012 . Yuki Mirosaki , a cosplay chef and model , also contributes to the manga , and each volume of the manga features recipes .
North American publisher Viz Media is releasing the manga in North America . The company initially decided not to add the manga to its digital Weekly Shonen Jump anthology because the series is `` a little racy , '' but then it began publishing the series in the anthology last November .
J.C. Staff 's television anime adaptation of the manga premiered in April . Crunchyroll streamed the series as it airs and Sentai Filmworks has licensed the series for home video .
This week 's Eagles Film Review is going to be a little different . Normally , we show you something that reveals itself in the coaches tape , and still will . The difference this time is we ca n't necessarily show you why Carson Wentz was n't throwing deep against the Cowboys on Sunday , because by and large , they are n't even given the chance .
The biggest takeaway from watching all 47 of Wentz 's dropbacks in the Eagles ' 29-23 loss is how few of those calls even had a shot at stretching the field .
There were 19 attempts marked as `` quick passes '' — throws under 10 yards that generally went to the first read — eight of which were slant patterns . Another nine attempts were wide receiver or running back screens , and six more more were checkdown passes . After everything was said and done , Wentz threw just seven passes over 10 yards in the air .
That tells only part of the story . The Eagles had just nine plays the entire game where at least one route was run 20 yards down the field , either by design or because the ball was out of Wentz 's hand before it could develop . Even if we account for the 11 dropbacks inside the red zone , that 's still just nine out 36 passing plays that even threatened the Cowboys deep , or one in four .
And while nine plays might seem like enough for Wentz to turn it loose at some point , even just once , that 's not accounting for the coverage , the pass-rush or the situation . Quite a few of those opportunities came while Wentz was leading a scoring drive with less than two minutes in the first half and during a touchdown drive in the third quarter . Ca n't complain about those results .
Nonetheless , those two series make up most of the good examples that we have where the Eagles had a receiver of any kind operating 20 yards down the field . We 'll take a look at them , but they 're probably about what you would expect .
Unavailable .
This is 1st-and-10 from the Eagles ' 25-yard line in the second quarter and one of the first times all game the offense considers pushing the ball downfield . The Cowboys ' zone concept employed by the cornerback and safety has the crossing pattern well covered though , and Wentz wisely dumps the ball down to Ryan Mathews rather than force the issue .
It 's not that the Cowboys ' zone look was unbeatable . Here we see a similar combination and defensive scheme on 2nd-and-10 from the Dallas 22 , and this time the cornerback trails the receiver toward the middle of the field . Tight end Zach Ertz might find some empty space running toward the corner of the end zone here .
Except take a closer look at the pocket . Feeling the pressure close in on their blind side , Wentz is n't comfortable waiting for the routes to develop , so they check it down to Darren Sproles for a gain of four .
And it 's difficult to argue with the decision , quite honestly . Maybe if they wait it 's a touchdown to Ertz , maybe it 's a sack . By taking the safe way out , the Eagles lived to fight another day and wound up getting six a few plays later anyway .
Well what about straight-up fly routes ?
Normally , the Cowboys have at least one safety over the top .
This is 2nd-and-6 from the Eagles ' 37-yard line , and there 's only 36 seconds remaining in the first half — an ideal time to pick up a huge chunk of ground . The offense is going to attack the seam , but with a single-high safety patrolling deep center field in addition to man-to-man coverage , there 's not much to assess . Nelson Agholor is open at the bottom of the screen , and the wideout 's seven-yard gain is good for a first down . The Eagles would get three on the drive , by the way .
Once again , the Cowboys have a single-high safety on 1st-and-10 from the Cowboys ' 45 as the third quarter is coming to an end , only this time the coverage is shaded to the side of the vertical . It 's a good route combination actually , because the safety must respect the deep route and ca n't come crashing down on Ertz crossing over the middle . He 'll pick up 11 and the first down .
But the moral of the story is the same : The deep route is nothing more than a decoy here . Even if it turns into a one-on-one , will it even be open ?
Good question . There was roughly one decent example of a one-on-one route going 20 yards down the field this entire game . You judge whether the opportunity is there .
Third quarter , 2nd-and-6 , and full disclosure , this is the same touchdown drive as earlier . Yet here we are , looking at a receiver in one-on-one coverage , no safety in sight , and the receiver Wentz ultimately does target , Dorial Green-Beckham , in tight coverage down the sideline .
Of course , Green-Beckham is going to break in and beat their man for a 14-yard gain . And that receiver going deep ? The defensive back is in lockstep with him . There 's no move here , unlike with DGB . If it 's not open now , why would it be 20 , 30 yards down the field ? Not like anybody on this team has shown themselves consistently capable of making a tough catch either .
We may have just found the one shot all game Wentz could 've taken and it was n't open .
Of course , just because Eagles receivers have trouble getting open or capitalizing on attempts down the field is n't an excuse to stop trying . The fact that only 25 percent of the offense 's plays even gave Wentz the option to throw long is an issue . Defenses may not respect these players , but at this rate , they wo n't have to respect the possibility the quarterback might hit them over the top .
It 's not like all of the short stuff is working anyway . Wentz completed 15 of 19 `` quick passes '' for 107 yards and 6 of 9 screens for 17 yards for an average of 4.4 yards per attempt . That would be just half decent for a running back , let alone in the passing game .
But it 's by design to some extent too , and it 's not really Wentz 's fault . If the Eagles do n't unshackle him , it 's not going to get any better regardless of bad receivers or rookie mistakes . Simply put , the offense needs to be willing to take chances , and it all starts with the game plan and coaching .
Barry Stewart owed $ 287 .
Rather than pay the fine , they chose to spend three days in the Edmonton Remand Centre .
They never left .
Two days into their sentence , in the small hours of the morning , they were stomped to death by a fellow inmate , a mentally ill man they should not have shared a cell with .
There were two inmates in tank 10 on morning of May 12 , 2011 , but there was only one mattress , said Robert Andraidt , deputy director with the Solicitor General 's department .
`` We had so many individuals in that centre , it was difficult at times to find a mattress , '' Andraidt told a fatality inquiry on Monday .
Stewart had been there as a prisoner since May 10 , when they were arrested for failure to pay an outstanding fine .
They had been cited earlier for not being able to produce an LRT ticket . When they were picked up , they were given the choice to pay the $ 287 fine or spend three days in custody .
They chose custody , and was put into a cell with Justin Somers , an inmate with mental health problems .
Both were being housed temporarily in holding tank 10 , in the admissions and discharge area , where they were awaiting placement in other units . At the time of the killing , sources told CBC News that psychologists assessed Somers and recommended they be kept apart from other inmates .
Both men were scheduled to be transferred to 5-C , the mental health unit . But 5-C was full .
At 4:42 a.m. , in a scene captured by a video camera , Somers stomped Stewart to death by jumping on their head 26 times . The attack lasted eight minutes .
That videotape was entered as evidence Monday at the inquiry .
Medical examiner Dr. Graeme Dowling said the victim , who was 5-foot-11 and weighed 137 pounds , died from `` catastrophic head injuries . ''
During the attack , Stewart 's right ear `` was almost torn away from the scalp , '' they said .
Both sides of their lower jaw were broken . Even the base of the skull was fractured .
`` He died of a crush injury of the head , '' Dowling said . `` Almost like the head is in a vise , being crushed . ''
Somers initially jumped from a bench onto the victim 's head . Dowling said Stewart 's skull was likely fractured with that first blow .
Asked if Stewart could have survived had guards intervened , they said : `` My sense was with the initial assault , probably the lethal injury had taken place . ''
Somers , who was 27 at the time of the attack , was charged with second-degree murder , but was found not criminally responsible in 2013 .
Edmonton 's old downtown remand centre , where Stewart died , often housed up to 800 inmates , Andraidt said . The new centre , opened recently in the north-end , can now hold 1,300 .
Andraidt said unit 5-C in the old remand centre had only 12 cells . The mental health unit at the new facility has 36 cells , with capacity for 72 inmates .
At the old centre , psychologists only worked day shifts . They now work in two shifts , mornings and afternoons .
`` Unfortunately at this time , we still do house some mental health inmates in admissions and discharge , because there are n't enough mental health spaces , '' Andraidt said . `` Even with the new remand centre . ''
Inquiry lawyer Mona Duckett asked what more is being done now to make sure these inmates are being seen by psychologists once every shift .
`` I know for a fact they are doing their rounds , they are seeing these individuals , '' Andraidt said . `` There is documentation being done . ''
The inquiry is scheduled to last until Friday .
Abstract
The hydrogeology of the valley-fill aquifer system along a 32-mile reach of the Susquehanna River valley and adjacent areas was evaluated in eastern Broome and southeastern Chenango Counties , New York . The surficial geology , inferred ice-marginal positions , and distribution of stratified-drift aquifers were mapped from existing data . Ice-marginal positions , which represent pauses in the retreat of glacial ice from the region , favored the accumulation of coarse-grained deposits whereas more steady or rapid ice retreat between these positions favored deposition of fine-grained lacustrine deposits with limited coarse-grained deposits at depth . Unconfined aquifers with thick saturated coarse-grained deposits are the most favorable settings for water-resource development , and three several-mile-long sections of valley were identified ( mostly in Broome County ) as potentially favorable : ( 1 ) the southernmost valley section , which extends from the New York–Pennsylvania border to about 1 mile north of South Windsor , ( 2 ) the valley section that rounds the west side of the umlaufberg ( an isolated bedrock hill within a valley ) north of Windsor , and ( 3 ) the east–west valley section at the Broome County–Chenango County border from Nineveh to East of Bettsburg ( including the lower reach of the Cornell Brook valley ) . Fine-grained lacustrine deposits form extensive confining units between the unconfined areas , and the water-resource potential of confined aquifers is largely untested .
Recharge , or replenishment , of these aquifers is dependent not only on infiltration of precipitation directly on unconfined aquifers , but perhaps more so from precipitation that falls in adjacent upland areas . Surface runoff and shallow groundwater from the valley walls flow downslope and recharge valley aquifers . Tributary streams that drain upland areas lose flow as they enter main valleys on permeable alluvial fans . This infiltrating water also recharges valley aquifers .
Current ( 2012 ) use of water resources in the area is primarily through domestic wells , most of which are completed in fractured bedrock in upland areas . A few villages in the Susquehanna River valley have supply wells that draw water from beneath alluvial fans and near the Susquehanna River , which is a large potential source of water from induced infiltration .
New Yorkers With Chronic Pain Eligible For Medical Marijuana
New Yorkers suffering from chronic pain are about to get a bit of relief as the condition has been added to a list of qualifying ailments to receive medical marijuana in the state .
The news was announced on Thursday by the New York State Department of Health , adding chronic pain to the list of 10 other qualifying conditions , including Multiple Sclerosis and inflammatory bowel disease . The DOH will also add specific language listing the exact chronic pain conditions that qualify for MMJ , including cancer , epilepsy and Parkinson 's disease .
“ After conducting a thorough review of the scientific literature , it became clear that there may be certain benefits in the use of medical marijuana by patients suffering from chronic pain , ” said New York Health Commissioner Howard Zucker on Thursday . “ Medical marijuana is already helping thousands of patients across New York State , and adding chronic pain as a qualifying condition will help more patients and further strengthen the program . ”
Nurse practitioners will be required to take a Department-approved online course on the medical use of marijuana and submit a certificate of course completion . A proposed rule being mulled over could also allow physician assistants to certify patients for MMJ use—provided the supervising doctor can also certify patients .
As of November , more than 10,700 patients have been certified for the state 's medical marijuana program and more than 750 physicians have registered . The new amendments for chronic pain potentially mean that thousands of additional patients could be added to the program .
But despite having valid reasons for using the drug , there is still plenty of social stigma around it . A research project , published last year in the journal Psychoactive Drugs , found that some patients waited months , or even years , to pursue cannabis treatment options due to fears of social discrimination .
`` I did n't want to be high all day long . I just wanted to cope , ” said Gaston Miron , who was diagnosed in 2014 with a cancerous tumor in their lung , to the CBC . “ I have three little girls at home under the age of 12 [ and ] just to be with them is fantastic . ”
Medical marijuana is also being used as an alternative method for curbing the opioid crisis . The Boston Herald reported in October 2015 that hundreds of opioid dependent users in the state were given MMJ to treat their chronic pain and anxiety symptoms instead of powerful painkillers .
Vera Mole plunged to their death ( Picture : CEN )
A teenager fell to their death when they bungee jumped off a bridge without being secured to anything , after they misunderstood their instructor 's ‘ very bad ' English , according to court papers .
Vera Mol , 17 , allegedly misheard the man 's instruction of ‘ no jump ' as ‘ now jump ' , because of their poor pronunciation and English skills .
Stinky couple who smelt like vomit , BO and feet break into family 's house to shower
Now the instructor , who has not been named , has appeared in court accused of causing the Dutch girl 's death .
Judges in the court of Cantabria , northern Spain , described the instructor 's English as ‘ macarronico ' or ‘ very bad ' .
The court heard how Ms Mol jumped from the bridge of Cabezon de la Sal , Cantabria in 2015 .
Court papers say they believed the instructor said ‘ now jump ' ( Picture : Getty/Stock )
The instructor is alleged to have shouting ‘ no jump ' , but due to their poor pronunciation , the teenager believed they had said ‘ now jump ' and threw themselves from the ledge .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the rope they were attached to was not to tied to anything else and they plunged to their death .
Horrific video shows boy 'break their back ' after falling through school gym ceiling
It is reported that the instructor was supposed to have said ‘ do n't jump ' instead of no jump ' to avoid communication problems .
Judges also say the instructor should have also checked for ID to make sure the teenager was 18 years old .
It was heard how tragic Vera Mol died after a misunderstanding during the jumping process .
The lower part of the bridge where the tragedy took place ( Picture : JR GONZLEZ SOUTULLO )
The bridge is also not supposed to be used for bungee jumping , according to Spanish regulations .
Flowtrack , who run the bungee jumping company which employed the man have said it was an accident .
Dog had to have its tail amputated 'after cruel groomer twisted it 360 degrees '
Martijn Klom from the company said the girl 's death was caused by a misunderstanding when they were receiving instructions for the jump .
According to Mr Klom , the girl jumped when they were tied by the rope , but without being secured to the bridge .
MORE : Man ‘ proposes ' to woman 's five-year-old daughter minutes after asking them to marry them
MORE : £10,000 raised for acid attack victim Resham Khan in just one day
No known terrorists were among the first detainees under our president 's executive order “ Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into The United States . ”
But the detainees did include a 53-year-old avowed Trump fan who fled Iraq with their family after a decade in the employ of the U.S. government , during which they were credited with saving numerous American lives as an uncommonly brave interpreter for the 101st Airborne .
Hameed Khalid Darweesh was detained for 19 hours at JFK Airport despite possessing a special visa that took them two years to obtain and happened to be issued on the day of the inauguration .
Upon their release , Darweesh still said this when reporters asked them about Trump : “ I like him . ”
Darweesh then added , “ But I do n't know . This is a policy , I do n't know . ”
The policy being Trump 's order to ban immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries—Iraq , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria , and Yemen—for at least 90 days , and all refugees for at least 120 days . None are even the familial homeland of any of the terrorists who mounted major attack in America , including 9/11 , San Bernardino , and Orlando .
The irony of this moment on Saturday became HUGE as Darweesh declared that they had seen America 's true greatness firsthand in the small army of outraged lawyers and activists who mobilized on their behalf as word spread that they and a fellow Iraqi had been detained at JFK Airport even though they had valid visas .
“ This is the humanity , this is the soul of America ! ” exclaimed the Trump fan in giving thanks to those who had hurried to rescue them from Trump policy . “ This is what pushed me to move , leave my country and come here . ”
Darweesh had been tearful when they first emerged from under the WELCOME TO NEW YORK sign that hangs over the arrivals portal in Terminal 4 . They had placed their hands behind their back to show how they had been handcuffed .
“ What I do for this country ? They put the cuffs on , ” Darweesh said to reporters . “ You know how many soldiers I touch by this hand ? ”
Even as they spoke , their story was spreading at the speed of social media to their native Iraq and everywhere else .
“ Worldwide , ” counter-terrorism cop on the scene later noted .
No doubt the tale of Darweesh 's Trumpian welcome to New York was of particular interest to people in Mosul , where American special forces are now urging the Iraqi army on in a grim and protracted battle with ISIS . Darweesh is said by court papers filed Friday seeking their release to have served in Mosul and in Baghdad as an interpreter for the U.S. Army .
“ Between March 20 , 2003 and September 30 , 2013 , they were contracted by the U.S. government to work in a variety of positions that placed them in substantial risk of being targeted , attacked and killed by anti-American militias and insurgents , ” the papers say . “ Mr . Darweesh was directly targeted twice for their association with the U.S. Armed Forces . ”
The man who would later be detained at JFK Airport worked for the U.S. at Baghdad Airport between 2004 and 2005 , and during that time Baghdad Police searched their house , saying they were looking for a terrorist .
“ The Baghdad Police are widely known to be closely affiliated with anti-American militias , ” the papers say . “ Shortly after this incident , two of Mr. Darweesh 's colleagues were killed as soon as they arrived at work . ”
The killing convinced Darweesh to move to Kirkuk .
“ In the second instance , in July 2009 , Mr. Darweesh was stopped at a market in Kirkuk where they were informed by a local shopkeeper that men were driving around in a BMW asking for them by name and the location of their house , ” the papers report . “ These men returned a second time the following week , and Mr. Darweesh had strong reasons to suspect that the men searching for them were terrorists . ”
Darweesh fled with their wife and three children to Erbil .
“ Based on these threats and their over ten years of service to the U.S. government , Mr. Darweesh applied for an Iraqi Special Immigrant Visa ( SIV ) status on or around October 1 , 2014 , ” the papers say , adding , “ Congress created the Iraqi and Afghan Special Immigrant Visa ( SIV ) programs to provide safety and refuge in the United States for Iraqis and Afghans who face or have faced serious threats on account of their faithful and valuable service to the United States . ”
More than a year of paperwork and vetting ensued before they obtained the necessary certification that they had “ provided faithful and valuable service to the United States ” and “ has experienced or is experiencing a serious threat. ” The visa was officially approved on January 26 , 2015 , but the process was not even halfway done .
“ It took over two years for Mr. Darweesh 's visa and visas for their family to be processed , ” the papers note . “ Mr . Darweesh appeared for an in-person interview at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad on April 12 , 2016 and went through administrative processing , including security background checks as well as medical exams . ”
On January 20 , 2017 , Inauguration Day , the official approval was officially approved . They received the visa in Erbil on January 27 , 2017 . They immediately set off for America with their wife and three children , aged 20 , 15 and 7 .
“ Because of the sensitive and dangerous nature of Mr. Darweesh 's situation , the family immediately boarded a flight from Erbil to New York City , via Istanbul , and arrived in the United States on January 27 , 2017 , around 6:00 PM EST , ” the papers say .
The family had tickets to fly on to Charlotte , North Carolina , but they were detained at JFK Airport by U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) officers . Trump 's executive order had gone into effect just 78 minutes before .
“ Mr . Darweesh and their family waited to be processed by CBP for about an hour , ” the papers say . “ Mr . Darweesh themselves was moved into ‘ secondary screening . ' The family waited for over an hour before a CBP officer and Mr. Darweesh emerged to return passports for every member of Mr. Darweesh 's family except for Mr. Darweesh himself . Mr. Darweesh was then taken back into secondary screening . ”
Darweesh was handcuffed . They sat in a chair in a holding room while their family was allowed to pass under the WELCOME TO NEW YORK sign and continue on into the arrivals area .
Word spread and a team of lawyers who specialize in immigration and refugee work appeared at the terminal and sought their release .
“ When the attorneys asked ‘ Who is the person to talk to ? ' the CBP agents responded , “ Mr . President . Call Mr. Trump , ' ” court papers report .
Protesters had begun to arrive when Darweesh was finally freed at midday Saturday . They will need more time in this country before they will be able to appreciate fully the ironies . They did discern one clear truth .
“ America is freedom ! ” they exulted . “ America is freedom . ”
Meanwhile , the lawyers worked to free a second Iraqi who had been detained at the airport . Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi is 39 . Their wife , Duniyya Alshawi had worked for a time as an accountant with a U.S. contractor .
“ Due to the family 's association with the U.S. military , insurgents thought that they were collaborators , ” court papers say . “ In 2010 , insurgents attempted to kidnap Ms. Alshawi 's brother . A month later , an IED placed on Mr. Alshawi 's sister-in-law 's car detonated , killing their husband and severely injuring them and their daughter .
Alshawi and their wife also fled Baghdad for Erbil . They successfully applied for refugee status and settled in Houston , Texas with their son . The family then applied for and received a visa for Alshawi .
“ Mr . Alshawi arrived in at John F. Kennedy airport in New York City on January 27 , 2017 at approximately 8:22 PM EST , ” court papers say . “ Upon arrival at the gate , Mr. Alshawi was blocked on the aircraft by CBP . ”
The CPB officers then escorted Alshawi off the plane and detained him . Court papers say the attorneys who inquired about them got the same answer .
“ Call Mr. Trump . ”
As night fell , the number of demonstrators outside Terminal 4 swelled well past 1,000 . Ever more arrived via the AirTrain serving JFK until it was barred to all but ticketed airline passengers . A Muslim woman drove up with a mini-van filled with little girls in hijabs so they could witness this passionate protest against bigotry .
“ We should all wear hijabs , ” a demonstrator named Nancy Cardozo told the woman .
Cardozo was rewarded with a hug . Cardozo also saw a young woman wearing a black niqab that covered everything but their eyes . The young woman videoed the protesters with a baby blue cellphone .
“ This is beautiful ! ” the young woman exclaimed .
“ You could see their eyes were happy , ” Cardozo later said .
Outside Brooklyn federal court , another crowd chanted ” Set them free ! ” as lawyers sought in an emergency Saturday night hearing to convince Judge Ann Donnelly to do just that . Donnelly was reluctant just to order the detainees released , but they did rule that they could not simply be sent back to their point of origin .
At the end of a day when they managed to detain a Trump fan who had served America with great dedication and courage , our president had this to say :
“ It 's working out very nicely . You see it at the airports , you see it all over . ”
Yesterday , I wrote about the disturbing inclusion of racist and pro-slavery James Hammond in an article to accompanying The Founders ' Bible . Although not as distressing as the Hammond article , there are other problems with articles in the Bible that have come up before . Today , I want to note just one of them – the rewriting of Exodus 18 .
If John E. Peterson 's rendering is accurate ( this link has been disabled , here is the Google cache ) , then here is one thing the Founders ' Bible says about Exodus 18 and Israel 's history .
For citizens in that era , a monarchy was the standard for government . And why not ? After all , kings were featured prominently throughout the Scriptures : King Saul , King David , King Solomon , King Rehoboam , King Josiah , King Jehoshaphat , etc . So it was easy for citizens to assume that God preferred monarchies , but a closer study of the Bible indicated that this was definitely not God 's preference . In fact , God even sent the prophet Samuel to dissuade Their people from monarchies ( 1 Samuel 8:10-18 ) , but Israel demanded kings anyway . So what was Israel 's form of government before it degenerated into a monarchy ? It was what may be termed a “ republic. ” In Exodus 18:21 , the people were told to choose out from among themselves leaders of tens , fifties , hundreds , and thousands – that is , to select officials at what we could call the local , county , state , and federal levels . Understanding this original form of governance , the early colonists who arrived in America ( and who were students of the Geneva Bible ) therefore established representative governments .
It is amazing to me that this commentary will be offered in the same book as the text of Exodus . All one has to do is go read Exodus 18 to see that Barton ( or some other writer – apparently publisher Brad Cummings is also involved ) altered the narrative .
Here is the relevant portions of Exodus 18 :
13 The next day Moses took their seat to serve as judge for the people , and they stood around them from morning till evening.14 When their father-in-law saw all that Moses was doing for the people , they said , “ What is this you are doing for the people ? Why do you alone sit as judge , while all these people stand around you from morning till evening ? ” 15 Moses answered him , “ Because the people come to me to seek God 's will . 16 Whenever they have a dispute , it is brought to me , and I decide between the parties and inform them of God 's decrees and instructions. ” 17 Moses ' father-in-law replied , “ What you are doing is not good . 18 You and these people who come to you will only wear yourselves out . The work is too heavy for you ; you can not handle it alone . 19 Listen now to me and I will give you some advice , and may God be with you . You must be the people 's representative before God and bring their disputes to him . 20Teach them their decrees and instructions , and show them the way they are to live and how they are to behave . 21 But select capable men from all the people—men who fear God , trustworthy men who hate dishonest gain—and appoint them as officials over thousands , hundreds , fifties and tens . 22 Have them serve as judges for the people at all times , but have them bring every difficult case to you ; the simple cases they can decide themselves . That will make your load lighter , because they will share it with you . 23 If you do this and God so commands , you will be able to stand the strain , and all these people will go home satisfied. ” 24 Moses listened to their father-in-law and did everything they said . 25 They chose capable men from all Israel and made them leaders of the people , officials over thousands , hundreds , fifties and tens . 26 They served as judges for the people at all times . The difficult cases they brought to Moses , but the simple ones they decided themselves .
About Exodus 18:21 , the Founders Bible says :
In Exodus 18:21 , the people were told to choose out from among themselves leaders of tens , fifties , hundreds , and thousands – that is , to select officials at what we could call the local , county , state , and federal levels .
However , reading Exodus 18 , it is clear that the people were not told to choose , Moses was given that instruction . Exodus 18:25 is clear that Moses chose the leaders and they functioned as judges . Moses was a kind of supreme court with the power and responsibility to decide difficult cases .
This narrative would not be complete without the Founders ' Bible offering some kind of history lesson . The Founders ' Bible then has the colonists establishing representative governments in America because they read it in the commentary on the Geneva Bible .
I checked a reproduction of the Geneva Bible , easily available on Google , and did n't find any commentary on Exodus 18 that would convince a reader that God meant for people to vote for their leaders or even represent them . The text is the same : Moses chose leaders to help them judge ( not represent ) the people and their disputes .
While this is only one instance , I think it nicely illustrates the mischief of this publication . Even with the actual text of the Bible in the same volume , the authors of the article changed the biblical narrative . The power of the preferred narrative ( colonists were following a biblical example in forming representative governments ) was greater than the actual text . This makes me wonder what else has been changed .
Not only does Donald Trump 's policy plan for their first 100 days mention nothing about supporting women 's rights , but Trump has flaunted their misogyny , making disparaging comments about women 's looks and bragging about sexual assault . So it 's unlikely that the 20 percent wage gap between women and men will be addressed soon . Nor will Trump rush to guarantee paid family or medical leave to help care for newborn children or ill family members , responsibilities that disproportionately fall upon women .
5 Ways to Support Your Sisters Show other women that you have their back . Posted by YES ! Magazine on Wednesday , June 21 , 2017
The day after the inauguration , millions of women marched in Washington , D.C. , and cities across the country to send a message to the new administration that women demand better treatment . This is what we have to do—this having each other 's back—join together to insist on a way forward even in a Trump world . Here are five actions women can take to build sisterhood .
1 . Escort other women to the abortion clinic
Despite Roe v. Wade , abortion rights are being eroded in state after state . The dismantling disproportionately affects rural women , poor women , and women of color . Donate to organizations that provide reproductive health care and sex education , but also consider volunteering at a family planning clinic like Planned Parenthood . You can escort patients outside of the clinics , where women are often harassed by picketers . They could use someone to join them walking to and from the clinic .
2 . “ Lean In ” with other women
When women help each other , we can accomplish great things . A “ Lean In Circle , ” inspired by Sheryl Sandberg 's book Lean In , is a small group in which women regularly meet to discuss their ambitions and help each other accomplish their goals . A circle can be an online meetup with other women around the world or a small local gathering .
3 . Donate menstrual products
Periods are not only a health issue for some women living in poverty and homelessness—they can also break the bank . A year 's worth of feminine hygiene products like tampons and pads can cost more than $ 100 . Disposable menstrual products are some of the most needed items at food pantries and homeless shelters , but donors often overlook them . Consider donating tampons and pads to your local food bank and homeless shelters to help make that time of the month easier .
4 . Amplify other women 's ideas
Studies have shown that women are less likely to receive credit for their contributions in predominantly male settings . President Obama 's female staffers , who had to navigate meetings that were often two-thirds men , used a meeting technique they called “ amplification , ” according to the Washington Post . Here 's how it works : When a woman has an idea or makes a point , other women in the room support it and credit her , giving the contribution more weight in a room full of men who tend to hear mostly each other .
5 . Step in and speak up
There are concerns that Trump 's election has publicly normalized misogyny and sexual assault . The Southern Poverty Law Center collected reports of 45 anti-woman incidents in the month following the election , and more than 80 percent of the assailants made reference to Trump during those incidents . How can women protect each other ? Involve yourself . Step in when you see harassment . Speak directly to the assailant , stand beside the woman , offer to call the police . Alert a woman if you think she 's being followed , and walk with them
This article was funded in part by the Surdna Foundation .
Leonardo DiCaprio has long since come out against big oil companies and their effect on the environment . Now in an influential display of force this past fall , DiCaprio and over 2,000 people and 400 institutions have pulled out their funds in fossil fuel companies , representing an extraordinary $ 2.6 trillion in investments .
Pulling out their investments , or divesting , is part of a global movement to divest funds from fossil fuel industries and invest instead in new climate solutions . According to DivestInvest.org , in only three years since its conception in 2014 , more than $ 3.4 trillion in total assets have moved money out of “ planet heating fossil fuels and into climate solutions ” ( download their full report for the whole text ) .
In 1998 , they created the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation , whose mission statement is “ dedicated to the long-term health and well-being of all Earth 's inhabitants ” . The foundation is focused on protecting biodiversity , wildlands , and ocean conservation and most vocally , climate change . Their foundation has awarded $ 45 million worth of grants in over 65 environmental organizations to promote economic sustainability .
In 2014 , DiCaprio spoke at the United Nations Climate Summit as a Messenger of Peace , concentrating on carbon emissions and “ government subsidies for coal , gas and oil companies ” .
But more recently , DiCaprio addressed the World Forum in Switzerland in January of this year to receive the Crystal Award , which is given specifically to “ artists and cultural leaders who are helping to address the world 's humanitarian and environmental challenges ” . In their speech , they states
“ We simply can not afford to allow the corporate greed of the coal , oil and gas industries to determine the future of humanity . Those entities with a financial interest in preserving this destructive system have denied , and even covered up the evidence of our changing climate . Enough is enough . You know better . The world knows better . History will place the blame for this devastation squarely at their feet . ”
HOW DOES OIL IMPACT THE ENVIRONMENT
The problem with drilling for oil are mainly the emissions and byproducts that are produced when you begin to burn petroleum products . They give off pretty toxic gases like Carbon Dioxide ( C02 ) , Carbon Monoxide ( CO ) , Sulfur Dioxide ( SO2 ) , Nitrogen Oxides ( NOX ) and Volatile Organic Compounds ( VOC ) .
There are a multitude of negative impacts from these byproducts . Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas , and one of the leading causes of global warming . Sulfur Dioxide causes acid rain , which harms plants and creates respiratory illnesses and heart diseases in children or the elderly . NOX and VOC 's irritate and damage the lungs through ground level ozone .
Not only do the byproducts negatively influence the air you breathe , but drilling disturbs ocean and land habitats . While there is a vast amount of oil being seeped naturally in through the ocean floor , the impact of a human-made oil spill can be devastating . In the past , most oil spills were created by issues with tankers that would begin to leak . The BP Oil Spill in the Gulf of Mexico , however , unleashed over 206 million gallons of oil into the Gulf in April of 2010 , free flowing at a rate of about 2.5 million gallons a day for almost 3 months before they could successfully plug the well .
THE CONCEPT OF CLIMATE CHANGE
Climate change , in a nutshell , is the concept that the unnatural amount of fossil fuels that humans are burning are emitting greenhouse gases ( such as carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide ) in such quantity that they get trapped within the Earth 's atmosphere . Skeptical Science breaks it down fairly well , also addressing the fact that climate and “ weather ” are completely different . The climate has no connection with your daily “ hurricane , snowstorm or drought ” but focuses on more long term trends in the variability of temperatures . As you can see by the NASA powered chart below , while there is major variability each year in highs and lows , the overall trend since the 1950s has increased dramatically .
Even El Nino/La Nina – which notoriously create tumultuous weather – have drastically increased since the 1950s according to NASA .
WHAT IS BEING DONE TO PREVENT CLIMATE CHANGE
DiCaprio 's foundation and the concept of divesting money from fossil fuel companies is a giant step in the right direction for reducing CO2 and other toxic gas emissions . Just in the US , according to the Forum for Sustainable and Responsible Investment , there is over $ 6.5 trillion currently invested in sustainable energy . Major countries such as the US and China have resolved to reduce their current greenhouse gas emissions to 26-28 % below 2005 levels by 2025 , which is great ; the US and China currently produce the highest amount of greenhouse gases in the world .
WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE AT HOME
The National Resource Defense Council has compiled a list of the most effective ways you can start helping out to reduce carbon emissions in your home . Some of which include reducing your heat and cooling usage or finding energy-efficient appliances that are certified with an Energy Star label , cut down on food consumption ( 40 % of all food ends up in the landfill ) , and invest in greener transportation .
With unified action , we can leave a better world for generations to come .
What are your thoughts ? Please share , like , and comment on this article !
This article ( Leonardo DiCaprio Helps Pull Out $ 2.6 Trillion in Fossil Fuel Investments ) is free and open source . You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com
26 February , 2016
Medfött hjärtfel stoppar Kamara
” Bedrövade över beskedet – men hälsan kommer alltid först ”
Alla spelare i Allsvenskan gör EKG-tester vartannat år .
Tester som inte har gett något utslag .
Vid en utvidgad hjärtundersökning som , enligt UEFA : s krav , är obligatorisk inför Champions League-spel , har man funnit en avvikelse på hjärtats kranskärl hos Alhaji Kamara . En omfattande utredning har skett under den senaste månaden för att bekräfta detta och för att värdera riskerna med fortsatt fotbollsspel på elitnivå . Resultaten har diskuterats med experter på området såväl nationellt som internationellt .
Den avvikelse i kranskärlen som Alhaji Kamara har är ovanlig men medför en stor risk för plötslig hjärtdöd vid maximal ansträngning .
Samtliga experter avråder från fortsatt fotbollsspel .
” Det är frustrerande . Inget jag hade förväntat mig och absolut inte hur jag ville att det skulle sluta . Jag tror att alla som har sett mig spela , under min tid här i IFK Norrköping , har sett mig som en väldigt frisk och energifull person . Jag ska vara stark och kämpa mig genom det här. ” säger Alhaji Kamara .
Ytterligare utredning är planerad för att avgöra om en operation är möjlig och vad det skulle innebära vad gäller risker och prognos .
Oavsett utgången är Alhaji Kamara inte aktuell för spel under säsongen 2016 .
” Vi är självklart bedrövade över beskedet . Med tanke på allvaret i situationen ser vi i första hand till Alhajis hälsa , och på så vis är vi tacksamma för att tillståndet upptäcktes . Även om vi är jätteledsna för att Alhaji inte kan spela så kommer hälsan alltid först. ” säger IFK Norrköpings manager Janne Andersson .
När vi har mer information kommunicerar vi det via hemsidan och vi är tacksamma om IFK Norrköpings och Alhaji Kamaras vilja att inte kommentera detta ytterligare respekteras .
About
Thank you for all of your support .
We knew this would not be easy and we knew Kickstarter was not the ideal platform to raise the money we needed to developer a human-readable privacy policy .
We are not giving up but we are scaling back the project . For the time being we will be focusing on building human-readable privacy policies of popular online services to encourage user trust and increase privacy awareness .
We are going to begin this phase with the launch of the Facebook Human-Readable Privacy Policy in the coming weeks . We will also launch a donation button on our website ( khulaproject.com ) to fund some of the basic needs of the project ( e.g . web hosting , basic office expanses… ) . While we will be working at a slower pace we will continue to move forward with the project .
We hope you will stay with us as we keep working to make privacy easier to understand online .
Thank you again for all of your support during the project .
P.S . The easiest way to stay up-to-date with our progress is to subscribe to our email newsletter on khulaproject.com
Over the past year there has been an avalanche of privacy issues , from LinkedIn 's use of profile photos in advertising to Facebook 's seemingly never-ending privacy troubles . Privacy problems destroy users ' confidence and bring complicated restrictions to online services .
We know nearly all of these issues could be completely avoided with a clear understanding of the privacy policies at work . This is where the Khula Project comes .
Our solution is to create a clear and concise human-readable privacy policy that will translate the complex and confusing legal language into plain English that we can all understand .
Why We Are Building Khula
Human-readable policies clearly outline the key terms of the excessively complex and lengthy legal jargon of the full policy .
Human-readable policies were popularized by Creative Commons in their quest to revolutionize and simplify copyright law . Creative Commons created a set of clear copyright licenses to foster simple free sharing of copyrighted work , and used a human-readable license deed to clearly explain the key terms to users .
We are using human-readable policies to clearly explain the core privacy issues affecting users across the web . Our human-readable policies will go beyond the simple task of explaining the key terms of privacy policies . With our human-readable policies , users will gain confidence through the knowledge of how services are using and sharing information .
Knowledge is power and through our Human-Readable Privacy Policy we are empowering the user to dictate how their information is shared and used online . We are not , however , trying to create walls between services and user information . There is no ‘ one size fits all ' for user privacy and information usage . For public services like Twitter , users have the expectation that nearly everything they do is public , whereas with private services such as financial sites , users demand complete privacy .
Privacy should not be a complicated issue .
What We Are Building
Khula Project consists of two products being developed over three phases .
Our products :
Hand-built Human-Readable Privacy Policy ; we are creating hand-built human-readable privacy policies in two parts :
1 . We will be creating hand-built human-readable policies for our backers at the $ 150 level or higher . These policies will be tailored to the service 's specific needs . We will also work with our backers to address any potential privacy issues .
2 . We will build human-readable privacy policies for many popular web services to demonstrate the benefits of a clear and concise privacy policy and to understand how privacy issues are affecting the various sectors of web services .
Human-Readable Privacy Policy Creator ; is an online tool we are developing to allow services to easily create human-readable policies . Services will be able to customize their policy based on a number of factors to ensure the human-readable policy is tailor made to their needs .
Privacy Policy Files ; while we are immensely encouraging services to prominently display their human-readable privacy policies to gain confidence in their users among other benefits , we will also create a central database where users can search and examine services privacy policies .
Our Kickstarter fundraising will enable us to build the first three phases of the Khula Project ;
Phase 1 will create human-readable privacy policies of popular web services . These human-readable policies will assist us in identifying the key terms and core issues surrounding users ' privacy online . We are currently in this phase .
Phase 2 will expand to include our backers at the $ 150 level and higher . Thank you for all of your support ! We will work with our backers to create a tailor-made human-readable privacy policy to fit their specific needs . During this phase we will also be looking to our entire group of backers to help shape and define our human-readable privacy policies and to ensure users ' privacy concerns are addressed . Our human-readable privacy policies will not just cover what is in the legal code of the services privacy policy but will also examine whether the service is working in the best interest of their users .
Phase 3 is our final objective for our Kickstarter fundraising . We will construct our Human-Readable Privacy Policy Creator to foster the simple creation of human-readable policies across the internet . Our backers will be integral in shaping , testing , designing , and perfecting our Human-Readable Privacy Policies at every phase . Our backers are the driving forces that will make this project happen . Backers at the $ 29 level and higher will receive first access to our human-readable privacy policy creator and will be the first field testers . In addition , if we reach our 1,000 backer goal , every backer will receive early access to our Creator regardless of their pledge amount .
Thank you for all of your support . We are building this for you and without your help we can not make this happen .
Where the Money Goes
Our Kickstarter objective is $ 14,000 . After Kickstarter 's fees and taxes there will be roughly $ 12,000 for our project 's expenses . $ 14,000 is not our final goal , but the bare minimum amount we need to cover the expenses to build our human-readable privacy policies . These do not include our personal expenses ; such as the overrated act of eating or paying rent which they seem to need every month .
Any amount above the $ 14,000 we raise will go directly to the project to expand our focus and move quicker . We are building this project no matter what , but it will be significantly harder , slower , and smaller without your help . It is only with your help that we can transform the Khula Project from a hobby to an impactful evolution of web services .
Below is a rundown of our Kickstarter objective and an overview of the funding process .
Thank you again for all of your help during our project and please do n't forget to spread the word . Spreading the word about what we are all doing here is just as valuable as your financial contribution .
Rewards
There is a massive ocean of diverse startups and while we would love to build personal human-readable privacy policies for every single one of them , it is unfeasible due to time constraints . That is why we have started the Startup Sponsor Program .
At the $ 500 level and higher , backers are able to sponsor human-readable privacy policies for specific startups or sponsor a policy for a startup in need . Each sponsored policy will be personally built and tailor made for the specific startup . We will also give personal feedback on the startup 's privacy policy and be there if they have any questions .
At the $ 500 level backers can sponsor up to four of their human-readable privacy policies while at the $ 1,000 level backers have 2 special sponsor policies that give the startups the same great support that our backers get . Additional sponsor policies can be added by simply including an extra $ 75 to your pledge .
We will begin taking applications for startups in need of a human-readable privacy policy at the end of our Kickstarter fundraising .
Icons provided by the Noun Project under a Creative Commons Attribution or Public Domain License
Mike Flaim , of Milford , Ohio , is a professional woodworker who likes doing things the old fashioned way , using antique tools to hand-carve wooden tables , bookcases and wall displays .
This is just one reason Flaim 's Smart TV and cable box have them concerned their home technology may be spying on him .
“ They can go in my bedroom and know what I 'm watching in there . And I do n't think that 's appropriate . It 's no one 's business what I am watching in my bedroom . And it 's just getting worse , ” they said .
But Marge Schiller enjoys the latest in home technology . They love their Amazon Echo and uses all of its features , including asking its personal digital assistant Alexa to order things on Amazon , give them the morning weather report and even play music in their home
“ Alexa , play some soft music , ” they said , and their home was filled with soothing music within seconds .
But she , like Flaim , wonders how much these devices are hearing and what they may be sharing with their manufacturer , the government or just strangers down the street .
A recent murder investigation had police asking Amazon for recordings made by its Echo device , which conceivably could have recorded the murder taking place .
9 devices that can spy in your home
The British newspaper The Guardian recently published a disturbing report on all the devices in our homes that are connected to the internet and have the capability of sharing our innermost secrets with people all over the world .
These potentially “ spying ” ( or at least sharing ) devices include :
1 . Amazon 's Echo ( and its Alexa digital assistant )
2 . Google Home ( Google 's version of Echo )
3 . Networked video games , like the Xbox Kinect
4 . Smart TV 's
5 . Facebook Live
6 . Laptop Skype cameras ( which face you at all times )
7 . Home security cameras
8 . Baby monitors
9 . Internet connected appliances ( like Samsung 's new Family Hub refrigerator , that has web-connected cameras inside )
How can you prevent spying ?
Apolonio Garcia is the president of a Cincinnati-based information technology company , HealthGuard IT Security .
“ Everything from a crock pot , to a thermostat , to your car … all these things have the ability to receive and transmit data , wirelessly , across the internet , which make our lives so much easier , '' Garcia said .
But they say that convenience can come with a price .
Garcia said one of the biggest concerns right now are Smart TV 's , TV 's that connect effortlessly to Netflix , Hulu and other apps . The problem is that your TV is now connected to the internet at all times , and it is not just a one-way street .
For instance , Netflix keeps a list of what movies you 've watched on the service , and most people know and are fine with that .
But Garcia points out that Vizio , just in the past few weeks , agreed to pay $ 2 million in FTC fines for early Smart TV 's that were sending the company information on every TV show you watch … something buyers had no idea was going on .
Garcia says one problem is that most people use the “ default ” settings and passwords on most internet devices in their home . They say that 's a big mistake
“ There are a few simple things you can do , '' Garcia said . “ One is to make sure you change the password and user names on the devices . The other thing you can do is make sure you secure your wireless network . ”
Easy ways to make your home more secure
Garcia suggests “ splitting ” your modem , so that one WiFi signal is used for laptops , iPads and other devices ( especially if you have kids or visitors ) , and the other WiFi signal is used for secure features like security cameras and baby monitors .
With a Smart TV , Garcia said if you are concerned , you should go into your TV 's settings , and look for the section that allows you to disconnect your TV from the cloud , or limit what is shared . ( Consumer Reports Magazine recently compiled a cheat sheet for how to turn off information sharing from most major TV brands . )
One new mom named Megan told our sister station they were broadcasting videos about jewelry making to their friends over Facebook Live , not realizing they were beaming video of their little baby girl to anyone all over the word who found their page .
With Facebook Live , or anything on Facebook , check the settings and make sure you are not sharing your baby 's first steps with the entire world . It 's easy to set privacy barriers on Facebook , something Megan said they are doing now .
“ I am going to make sure my privacy settings are only on friends , and I am going to double and triple check that , ” Megan said .
And as for that little Skype camera on your MacBook or laptop ? You may want to do what Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg reportedly does ( based on photos of their office ) : put a little piece of black tape over the camera .
Amazon and Google say their Echo and Home devices record only when you wake them up ( such as by saying “ Alexa ” ) and insist they stop recording once you complete your command or order .
Marge Schiller says she 's not panicked . They make sure they never used default passwords on their Amazon Echo or any device .
“ Oh yes , create a code , ” they said . “ And definitely do n't let your kids get it . ”
But Flaim has another solution : do n't buy it if you are not comfortable with it .
“ That 's crazy , ” they said. ” I would never get that , no way . ”
Bottom line : you do n't have to refuse new technology , but understand what it is learning and sharing about you , so you do n't waste your money .
_______________________
“ Do n't Waste Your Money ” is a registered trademark of Scripps Media , Inc. ( “ Scripps ” ) .
`` Like '' John Matarese on Facebook
Follow John on Twitter ( @ JohnMatarese )
Sign up for John 's free Newsletter by clicking here
Click here for more DWYM reports and to contact John
_____________________________
You can save on local dining , tickets and attractions with WCPO Insider . Get access to a Digital Premium Subscription of the Washington Post and original storytelling by our award-winning journalists .
Archbishop of Singapore William Goh has attacked the LGBTI community , saying gay people need to be ‘ restored to wholeness '
The Archbishop of Singapore has written a blistering attack on the LGBTI community , labelling gay lifestyles as ‘ detrimental to society . '
In a letter dated 19 June , Singaporean Archbishop William Goh said LGBTI people were contrary to religious teachings and their relationships are invalid because they can not procreate .
‘ My dear brothers and sisters in Christ , ' wrote Goh .
‘ The LGBT movement is gaining momentum . Some of you are confused and are asking what the Church 's position is with regard to the family .
‘ The Catholic Church has always maintained , and continues to maintain , that the family , comprising a father , mother and children , remains the basic building block of society .
‘ She recognises that there are individuals who are attracted to people of the same sex . Regardless of their sexual orientation , the Church has always looked on each individual as being a child of God , made in Their image and likeness and is therefore worthy of love and respect .
‘ Discrimination of any kind is thus neither pleasing in the eyes of God , nor that of man .
‘ However , the Church also believes that when God created man ( and woman ) , They had intended for them to `` Be fruitful , multiply , fill the earth and subdue it '' . ( Genesis 1:28 ) For this reason , although the Church treats each individual , regardless of his/her sexual orientation , with sensitivity and respect for his/her dignity , they uphold the view that LGBT sexual relationships are not in accordance with the plan of God .
‘ This kind of lifestyle should not be promoted by Catholics as it is detrimental to society , is not helpful to integral human development and contrary to Christian values .
‘ Thus , whilst the Church urges compassion , acceptance , patient understanding and mutual respect for these individuals , they believe that there are ways to ensure justice and the protection of their dignity without the risk of endangering the future of the marriage institution , family and society .
‘ She empathizes with those individuals who are struggling to integrate their faith with such orientation and urges them to seek Christian counselling and spiritual support .
‘ May the Holy Spirit restore them to wholeness , and may They also enlighten our minds and guide us in the path of truth and justice , tempered by compassion .
‘ Yours devotedly in Christ , Archbishop William Goh . '
This tirade comes as the LGBTI community in Singapore prepares to celebrate one of the biggest dates on their calendar . Pink Dot Singapore takes place on 28 June and promotes equality and the freedom to love .
Yesterday ( 21 June ) , a similar homophobic attack came from an Islamic authority in Singapore who are planning to boycott the event .
March 9 , 2009
Buckle Up .
John P. Hussman , Ph.D .
All rights reserved and actively enforced .
Reprint Policy
I suspect that the markets are about to get volatile , possibly to an extent beyond what we observed in October and November . As long-term shareholders know , we do n't invest on forecasts , but on the basis of observable measures of valuation and market action . Not surprisingly , we are positioned in a way that can accommodate a strong advance as well as profound weakness . Overall , however , our investment stance has to be characterized as defensive .
As always , we have the ability to accept risk by holding a portfolio of stocks having a different composition than the indices we use to hedge . The difference in performance between our stocks and those indices has been the primary driver of the returns in the Strategic Growth Fund since its inception . We can certainly accept those risks that we expect to be compensated over time , while still hedging against general market fluctuations . As for the stock market as a whole , I continue to view the market as undervalued , but not deeply undervalued . So over the course of a 7-10 year holding period , I do expect passive buy-and-hold investors in the S & P 500 to achieve total returns somewhat above 10 % annually . Shorter-term , however , investors may demand much higher prospective long-term returns in order to accept risk , and that 's a problem , because the only way to price stocks to deliver higher long-term returns is to drive prices lower .
While the stock market is extremely compressed , which invites the typical `` fast , furious , prone-to-failure '' rallies to clear this condition , my larger concern is that market action and credit spreads are demonstrating very little investor confidence , risk-tolerance or commitment to stocks . Value investors know that stocks have been much cheaper at the end of lesser crises , and traders are still sellers on advances . My impression is that only prices that allow no room for error ( what Ben Graham used to call a `` margin of safety '' ) will be sufficient to prompt robust , committed buying from value investors . This will be a fine thing for investors who keep their heads , are already defensive , and have the capacity to add to their investment exposure on price weakness , but other investors are likely to be shaken out of long-term investments at awful prices . This need not happen in one fell swoop , and we need not observe the `` final lows '' anytime soon . The problem is that even to get a sustainable `` bear market rally , '' somebody has to be convinced that stocks are desirable holdings for more than a quick bounce .
When I was working down at the Chicago Board of Trade as an options mathematician in the late 1980 's , I learned that the best approach to volatility is to `` widen your spread and lower your size . '' For a trader , that means keeping a wide bid-ask spread so you get more `` edge '' for putting on a trade , and holding the number of contracts you trade to a small number so that your capital can tolerate a whole succession of moves against your position . As investors , the same advice amounts to establishing exposure to market fluctuations only very gradually , and on significant price weakness .
I 've been asked when we are likely to move to a significantly constructive investment position . We do have some out-of-the-money call options ( about 1 % of assets ) to slightly anti-hedge our otherwise strongly defensive position , but conditions have deteriorated significantly from even a few months ago . Late last year , I was far more optimistic that our leaders would respond correctly than I am now . Unfortunately , the growing revulsion of investors is palpable . Presently , we do n't observe any `` favorable divergences '' from market action that would suggest that the under-structure of the market is holding up . Such divergences would be a sign that investors are becoming less risk averse . We just do n't see it here . Moreover , we 've lost the opportunity to address this problem without significant `` add on '' effects in the form of job losses and economic contraction .
Probably the most important long-term risk to perceived valuations here is that the deleveraging pressure we 're observing is increasingly likely to cap future return-to-equity at a much lower level than was possible with extremely high levels of debt . This will make historical norms of price-to-book value and price-to-revenues increasingly relevant , while the recent history of peak-earnings ( and perhaps even dividends ) may be misleading because the recent peak in profit margins will be far more difficult to recover compared with past cycles . Again , I believe that stocks are undervalued , but not extremely so . Passive , long-term investors in the S & P 500 can reasonably expect average total returns moderately higher than 10 % annually over the next say , 7-10 years , but there is a good chance that even these prospective returns are not high enough for value investors to make a firm stand .
The misguided policy response from Washington has focused almost exclusively on squandering public money and burdening our children with indebtedness in order to defend the bondholders of mismanaged financial institutions ( blame Paulson and Geithner - I 've got a lot of respect for our President , but he 's been sold a load of garbage by banking insiders ) . Meanwhile , I suspect that the little tapes in Bernanke 's head playing `` we let the banks fail in the Great Depression '' and `` we let Lehman fail and look what happened '' are so loud that they are making no distinction about the form of those failures . Simply letting an institution unravel is quite different from taking receivership , protecting the customers , keeping the institution intact , replacing management , properly taking the losses out of stockholder and bondholder capital , and issuing it back into private ownership at a later date . This is what it would mean for these banks to `` fail . '' Nobody is advocating an uncontrolled unraveling of major financial institutions or permanent nationalization as if we 've suddenly become Venezuela .
Make no mistake . Buying up `` troubled assets '' will not materially ease this crisis , nor will it even improve the capital position of financial institutions ( see You Ca n't Rescue the Financial System if You Ca n't Read a Balance Sheet ) . Homeowners will continue to default because their payment obligations have not been restructured to any meaningful extent . We are simply protecting the bondholders of mismanaged financial institutions , even though that bondholder capital is more than sufficient to cover the losses without harm to customers . Institutions that can not survive without continual provision of public funds should be taken into receivership , their assets should be restructured to better ensure repayment , their stockholders should be wiped out , bondholders should take a major haircut , customer assets should ( and will ) be fully protected , and these institutions should be re-issued to the markets when the economy stabilizes .
The course of defending the bondholders of insolvent institutions is not sustainable . Do the math . The collateral behind private market debt is being marked down by easily 20-30 % . That debt represents about 3.5 times GDP . That implies collateral losses on the order of 70-100 % of GDP , which itself is $ 14 trillion . This estimate would include not only bank mortgage losses , but also loan losses to insurance companies , pension funds and other institutions that own private debt . Unless Congress is actually willing to commit that amount of public funds to defend the bondholders of mismanaged financials so they can avoid any loss , this crisis simply can not be addressed through bailouts . Bondholders have to take losses . Debt has to be restructured ( and can be restructured in ways that largely preserve the present value of the obligations ) . There is no other option - but the markets are going to suffer interminably until our leaders figure that out .
Nearly 5 years ago , in Freight Trains and Steep Curves , I wrote `` The major force shaping economic dynamics over the coming decade is likely to be an unwinding of the extreme leverage that individuals , businesses , and the U.S. itself ( via its record current account deficit ) have accumulated ... much of the worst credit risk in the U.S. financial system is actually swapped into instruments that end up being partially backed by the U.S. government . These are held by investors precisely because they piggyback on the good faith and credit of Uncle Sam . '' Was this really so difficult for Wall Street and our leaders to recognize at the time ? Is it not clear that if we issue trillions in additional debt to foreigners in order to defend bondholders , it will act as a claim against the future output of the nation , at exactly the time that an aging population will be most dependent on that production ?
For our part , the Strategic Growth Fund is tightly hedged , with a small `` anti-hedge ( about 1 % of assets ) in call options simply to allow for the potential for a recovery . I am increasingly concerned that investor confidence in the U.S. dollar is unjustified , as we are on a track of both long-term monetization and expanding current account deficits . Aside from credit spreads , the behavior of the U.S. dollar here is of great importance , as a weakening in the dollar may portend a further loss of confidence in the markets more generally .
I would love to set a more optimistic tone , but it is difficult to believe that our policymakers are willing to send America into fiscal chaos in order to protect corporate bondholders . Yes , some pension funds , insurance companies , mutual funds , and other investors who hold the corporate bonds of mismanaged financial institutions will take a haircut on those investments . As they should . But if we ignore the need to restructure debt obligations , we risk allowing this downturn to move aggressively into 2010 .
Market Climate
As of last week , the Market Climate for stocks was characterized by favorable valuations and unfavorable market action . We presently do n't observe anything to convey an easing of risk-aversion . Generally speaking , market troughs are marked by fresh lows in some major indices but with other indices and internals failing to confirm those lows . In contrast , when the markets break support with broad uniformity and few divergences , it suggests that risk aversion is - if anything - becoming more pointed . Along with credit spreads and the exchange value of the U.S. dollar , the CBOE volatility index ( VIX ) is worth watching , as a push above about 55 may signal another `` cascade '' to the downside as we saw in October and November ( as would a burst of say , 700 or more daily new lows on the NYSE ) .
In the Strategic Growth Fund , over 90 % of our stock holdings are hedged with offsetting short sales in the S & P 500 , Russell 2000 , and Nasdaq 100 indices . Again , the Fund does have about 1 % of assets in call options essentially to `` soften '' our hedge in the event of a strong market rebound , but that `` anti-hedge '' is more like insurance than expectation .
In bonds , the Market Climate last week was characterized by relatively neutral yield levels and modestly favorable yield pressures . The Strategic Total Return Fund continues to be primarily invested in TIPS , with about 30 % of assets allocated across precious metals shares , foreign currencies , and a modest exposure to utility shares .
The Wall Street Journal featured an article about Strategic Growth last Monday , which I thought was nicely done ( apart from an underestimation of how much our stock selection approach has contributed to the Fund 's returns , which is detailed in our latest Semi-Annual Report , along with relevant performance figures ) . I 'm not sure what to do with `` Its manager is a quirky , voluble academic who maintains mild cult status among investing geeks , '' except that it 's probably true . Undoubtedly quirky , and probably voluble too ( `` talking easily and at length ; marked by a ready flow of speech '' ) . The dot drawing was a bonus .
And just to let you know , I could n't be writing and investing for a nicer bunch of geeks ...
-- -
The foregoing comments represent the general investment analysis and economic views of the Advisor , and are provided solely for the purpose of information , instruction and discourse .
Prospectuses for the Hussman Strategic Growth Fund , the Hussman Strategic Total Return Fund , the Hussman Strategic International Fund , and the Hussman Strategic Dividend Value Fund , as well as Fund reports and other information , are available by clicking `` The Funds '' menu button from any page of this website .
Estimates of prospective return and risk for equities , bonds , and other financial markets are forward-looking statements based the analysis and reasonable beliefs of Hussman Strategic Advisors . They are not a guarantee of future performance , and are not indicative of the prospective returns of any of the Hussman Funds . Actual returns may differ substantially from the estimates provided . Estimates of prospective long-term returns for the S & P 500 reflect our standard valuation methodology , focusing on the relationship between current market prices and earnings , dividends and other fundamentals , adjusted for variability over the economic cycle ( see for example Investment , Speculation , Valuation , and Tinker Bell , The Likely Range of Market Returns in the Coming Decade and Valuing the S & P 500 Using Forward Operating Earnings ) .
Illustration : Hong Li/Getty Images
Buried in wave power device company Ocean Power Technologies ' latest quarterly report and press release is a seemingly backwards move : one major project in Australia has been terminated , while another signature project in Oregon is in the process of `` winding down . '' A company determined to build commercial-scale wave power facilities is apparently not interested , at least at the present moment , in building commercial-scale wave power facilities . Instead , OPT will focus their efforts on `` next generation designs , '' an idea that experts say is probably the only way to go at the moment .
`` It seems quite reasonable to me for the MHK [ marine and hydrokinetic ] companies to use existing funds to seek better performance , improved reliability , and lower cost , '' says Bob Thresher , a research fellow at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory . They pointed out that with natural gas prices still so low , fighting for power purchase agreements and maintaining profitability is hard for all renewable energy sources , and especially for one with more immature technology .
For the near term , wave power companies should focus on improving their technology with existing funds and wait for the demand for low carbon energy sources to grow .
Wave power 's potential is undeniable , but progress toward deployment has been slow . In fact , with a temporary exception off the coast of Portugal in 2008 and 2009 , there have been essentially no large-scale wave power facilities . There are testing facilities where companies plug in devices and run them , and smaller devices in the water , but an actual wave farm producing megawatts of grid-connected power has yet to surface . OPT 's decisions this year to scale back its plans—a European deployment by the company was also pushed back toward 2015—fits right in with an industry struggling to get off the ground .
Earlier this summer , Bloomberg New Energy Finance predicted only 21 megawatts of wave power ( the output of about three of the big new offshore wind turbines deploying in Europe these days ) will be in the water by the end of the decade , a 72 percent drop from previous estimates . The field is littered with floundering or failed companies , such as WaveBob . As I 've reported elsewhere , some think the field needs big players like GE , Siemens , and others to really dive in before any progress can be made ; there needs to be a potential to lose money at first , which smaller companies ca n't handle .
George Hagerman , a senior research associate at the Virginia Tech Advanced Research Institute who has participated in Department of Energy assessments of wave power , points out that developing the technology and developing the commercial-scale project involve entirely different sets of skills .
Because wave energy technology is still in its infancy , experienced project developers who have those skills are reluctant to incur project financing obligations ... there is so much uncertainty as to whether or not the technology will last the book life of the project [ 20-30 years ] and what the maintenance and repair costs will be to keep the technology operating at its year-one efficiency over that entire period .
They add that with offshore wind in Europe , the maturity of the technology and the decades of experience yields a field where one set of companies build the turbines , and a totally other set of companies—big utilities and power producers—are the ones financing and developing the projects .
OPT 's move to focus on improving the tech rather than jumping in the water is thus likely a smart one . Unlike solar and wind power , there is not one design ( nor even a few designs ) universally agreed to be the best path forward . Designs differ dramatically , and it remains unclear which will eventually provide the best balance of cost , efficiency , and power production . OPT uses a buoy-like design , where the motion of the waves moves the device up and down on a piston ; the company had been deemed among the frontrunners to get big projects in the water , along with Pelamis and it 's snake-like attenuator design .
Thresher , of NREL , points out that natural gas costs are almost certain to rise in the future , which would help level the playing field for wave power . That playing field would look even better if the design wars were a bit more settled—again suggesting OPT 's move is a reasonable one . `` When MHK technology starts to look more promising with improved machines , they should be able to compete more effectively , '' Thresher says . `` For the near term , it seems quite reasonable to me for them to focus on improving their technology with existing funds and wait for the demand for low carbon energy sources to grow . ''
My previous opinion 1 year ago , here .
I 've recently started doing more machine learning and data stuff , and noticeably less of iOS development . So , my needs have kind of changed over the year and I 'm starting to see new perspectives of the Macbook Pro 2016 as a developer machine .
The Good :
Hardware : Apple 's machining is top-notch , and it feels svelte and “ high-class ” .
: Apple 's machining is top-notch , and it feels svelte and “ high-class ” . macOS : I prefer macOS over Windows 10 due to the Unix-ness of the OS .
I prefer macOS over Windows 10 due to the Unix-ness of the OS . TouchID : It 's a nice way to log in without typing my password .
It 's a nice way to log in without typing my password . Battery Life : The Macbook has pretty good battery life . It lasts me throughout the day when I 'm doing non-intensive tasks like taking lecture notes . Apple does n't exaggerate too much when they advertise their battery life . Pretty sure it 's the OS-Hardware integration as there are many reports of bootcamp Windows 10 taking a battery hit .
Complaints :
“ Butterfly ” Keyboard : I simply can not get used to it – the click-clack noise and low-key travel just does n't do it for me . It 's near to impossible to not disturb others in quiet places like the library with me click-clacketying away when I am typing .
I simply can not get used to it – the click-clack noise and low-key travel just does n't do it for me . It 's near to impossible to not disturb others in quiet places like the library with me click-clacketying away when I am typing . Touchbar : I have it on F1-F12 mode all the time now , and I hate not being able to “ feel ” say , the F9 button and having to look at the touch-bar to look for it . It 's ironic that a new feature actually represented a step backward in ( my ) reality . Developers who use F1-12 shortcuts for building , running code in python console , etc in IDEs will find this cumbersome .
I have it on F1-F12 mode all the time now , and I hate not being able to “ feel ” say , the F9 button and having to look at the touch-bar to look for it . It 's ironic that a new feature actually represented a step backward in ( my ) reality . Developers who use F1-12 shortcuts for building , running code in python console , etc in IDEs will find this cumbersome . Dongle Mess : My desktop looks really messy due to the two unwieldly dongles I have dangling over several wires . Plus the other two USB-C cables , one for charging and one for my iPhone .
My desktop looks really messy due to the two unwieldly dongles I have dangling over several wires . Plus the other two USB-C cables , one for charging and one for my iPhone . No NVIDIA graphics : I knew this when I bought the mac , but still… it 's a downer when I want to run Tensorflow in GPU accelerated mode . No NVIDIA == No CUDA == no cuDNN == Neural Nets that run on CPU == slow .
I knew this when I bought the mac , but still… it 's a downer when I want to run Tensorflow in GPU accelerated mode . No NVIDIA == No CUDA == no cuDNN == Neural Nets that run on CPU == slow . Linux Unfriendly : I wanted to install Ubuntu as dual-boot , to test out Tensorflow 's OpenCL experimental implementation , only to be dismayed by the various hardware incompatibilities documented here . https : //github.com/Dunedan/mbp-2016-linux Wifi not working in Ubuntu ? That 's a serious downer for me . 😦
At the point of this writing , I actually really feel like getting a Dell XPS 15 because it has the NVIDIA card for deep learning , and a better ( IMO ) keyboard . But the guilt of just recently buying an expensive machine is stopping me from doing so . The Dell XPS 15 would work for Ubuntu , according to this . I would miss macOS though .
Advertisements
The Big 12 will be live streaming a news conference today at 5:30 pm Central Time regarding expansion . Will the Big 12 expand by none as has been intimated over the past few weeks ( with ESPN and Fox kicking in some money to kill expansion ) ? Maybe the Big 12 presidents will expand by 2 , 4 or kick the can down the road ?
This is just my gut feeling , but I believe the Big 12 presidents will vote to expand by 2 despite so much tampering down of expansion expectations over the last month . Whenever the Big 12 presidents have actually met together , they seem to believe that expansion is a positive . It 's only when they separate and are left to their own devices that more negative perceptions about expansion come around . Strictly on a psychological basis , the group dynamics can change a lot of things since the presidents have to confront what is best for the Big 12 conference overall as opposed to solely thinking about their own individual school 's interests .
We 'll see what happens . If the Big 12 decides to expand , it seems that this will come down to a game of musical chairs between BYU ( arguably the most valuable school but also the most controversial politically ) , Houston ( helped by a heavy dose of Texas politics ) and Cincinnati ( the non-controversial and very good across the board candidate but does n't have the passionate supporters that BYU and Houston seem to have ) . If any of the other candidates get into the Big 12 ( which I examined Bachelor-style last month ) , then it would almost certainly entail the Big 12 expanding by 4 . ( As I noted on Twitter earlier today , my “ crazy but plausible ” scenario is the Big 12 adding BYU , Houston , Cincinnati… and Colorado State . This would address the disproportionately high number of Big 12 alums that live in the Denver market . I do n't think that scenario is very likely , but who knows what will happen when these Big 12 presidents get into a room . )
Regardless , feel free to use this post as an open thread to discuss Big 12 expansion and the presidential press conference . It 's pretty rare to have such anticipation for a conference realignment event where the outcome is truly up in the air , so enjoy the speculation while you can !
UPDATE ( 2:24 PM CT ) : Chip Brown reporting that there were no schools added by the Big 12 :
No new members were added to the # Big12 during today 's Big 12 Board of Directors meeting , multiple sources tell https : //t.co/XBNn1ev7Ha . — Chip Brown ( @ ChipBrownHD ) October 17 , 2016
We 'll see whether that means that Big 12 expansion is dead or if the presidents will continue to discuss this further ad nauseum .
UPDATE ( 2:34 PM CT ) : Pete Thamel also with a report that there wo n't be Big 12 expansion :
Source : Status quo in the Big 12 . No members added . League still discussing adding more TV revenue from ESPN and Fox . — Pete Thamel ( @ SIPeteThamel ) October 17 , 2016
UPDATE ( 2:52 PM CT ) : Jake Trotter from ESPN with another confirming report that there wo n't be Big 12 expansion . :
Filed to ESPN . No expansion . No candidate could generate supermajority . — Jake Trotter ( @ Jake_Trotter ) October 17 , 2016
Soooooo , it looks like this is going to be a pretty boring press conference .
( Image from Associated Press )
Advertisements
Your teams on the go or at home . Personalize SI with our new App . Install on iOS or Android.​
Rising NBA stars Giannis Antetokounmpo and Kristaps Porzingis were overshadowed by Giannis 's older brother , Thanasis , in a Greek streetball game on Sunday .
In front of a crowd of 5,000 in Athens , Greece , Thanasis dropped 69 points , bettering Giannis 's 64 , in the `` Antetokounbros Streetball Event . ''
Thanasis , who earned a 10-day contract with the New York Knicks last year and currently plays for their D-League affiliate , also out-scored fellow team member Kristaps Porzingis , who totaled 21 . The 23-year-old was taken in the second round of the 2014 NBA draft .
The game ended in a 123-123 tie .
The three also got a tour of the Acropolis Museum on Saturday .
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report .
- Kenny Ducey
Steve Bannon , the jowly former chairperson of Breitbart and Donald Trump 's chief strategist , has an interesting grasp on history , and enjoys comparing themselves to an impossible litany of historical and fictional figures . He 's likened themselves to Darth Vader and the ruthless 16th-century leader Thomas Cromwell , who came to a bad end at the hands of their employers . Most ominously , they told The Daily Beast last August that they were a “ Leninist ” who wanted to “ destroy the state. ” This might have been their most revealing , and incriminating statement , as they later said they did n't recall the conversation . What does it mean that Bannon takes Vladimir Lenin , the greatest Communist revolutionary of the 20th century , as their political guru ? Is Lenin 's writing a user 's manual for him ? Or does their interest in Lenin point to their desire to enact some kind of historical cosplay ? What can Lenin tell us about Bannon ?
First , we must address the oddness of a radical right-winger like Bannon identifying themselves with an orthodox Marxist . But hybridity with the thought and style of the extreme left is part of the tradition of the extreme right . Benito Mussolini began their political career as a socialist , and there was a diehard anti-capitalist wing of the Nazi party , whose full name , after all , was “ National Socialist German Workers Party. ” The recognition that the disciplined Communist East reflected a preferable society , in some ways , to the decadent West is a theme that far-right thinkers returned to in the Cold War . In the 1980s , the French New Right thinker and alt-right favorite Alain de Benoist famously said , “ Better to wear the helmet of a Red Army soldier than to live on a diet of hamburgers in Brooklyn. ” Bannon has crossed the ideological aisle before : Writing on Breitbart , they praised the North Vietnamese general Vo Nguyen Giap , who led troops to defeat France in 1954 and the United States in 1975 , for their military virtue .
Get The Outline in your inbox Subscribe The NSA will be in touch .
In telling The Daily Beast that they wanted to “ destroy the state , ” it appears Bannon probably has read parts of Lenin 's The State and Revolution or at least the Bolshevik Revolution Wikipedia page . But a serial historical analogizer like Bannon is always on the hunt for parallels . Their reading habits have been making the news as a terrified public tries to figure which book holds the key to how their brain works . A New York Times sportswriter caught Bannon in an airport reading David Halberstam 's The Best and the Brightest , which tells the story of the establishment arrogance and myopia that led to the Vietnam War . ( He told the writer they were reading it as a guide of what not to do . ) The Times also recently drew attention to the fact that Bannon seems to have a familiarity with the writings of Julius Evola , a bizarre Italian fascist whose unreadable gibberish mixes Eastern mysticism and pseudo-scientific racism . ( Mussolini ended up being not hardcore enough for Evola , who preferred Hitler 's SS . ) Bannon also has been reported to pore religiously over Sun Tzu 's The Art of War and the Bhagavad Gita . We already know they have a taste for this kind of cyclical thought : He 's a big fan of the The Fourth Turning by William Strauss and Neil Howe , a book that conceives of history as having seasons .
But back to Lenin . The State and Revolution was written after the February revolution of 1917 that overthrew Czar Nicholas II , but before Lenin 's Bolshevik party was able to seize power . In the summer of that year , Lenin had gone into hiding in Finland because the provisional government suggested that it had evidence they were a German agent , and it was during their Finnish hideout that they composed this theory of revolution . The tract has a remarkably direct and simple analysis of the nature of government . The state , in Lenin 's telling , is just a “ special body of armed men and prisons , ” whose sole purpose is the suppression of the proletariat . In a revolution , the working class has to turn the tables on the bourgeoisie , form a “ dictatorship of the proletariat , ” and start suppressing them right back . But in Lenin 's vision , the proletarian state will not be “ special bodies of armed men ” anymore . Lenin instead saw the “ entire proletariat in arms ” rising up , ushering in a true democracy , and then the state would wither away . This did not come to pass : The proletariat in arms did not reliably follow Bolshevik wishes , and “ special bodies of armed men ” had to be relied upon again . One of those “ special bodies of armed men , ” the secret police , is arguably the only successful and lasting institution the Soviet Union managed to create . It now supplies the Russian Federation with its president and much of its ruling class .
It appears Bannon has read parts of Lenin 's The State and Revolution or at least the Bolshevik Revolution Wikipedia page .
Leninism was a philosophy of struggle , and it was conceived in battle . As Lenin wrote in The State and Revolution : “ During the lifetime of great revolutionaries , the oppressing classes constantly hounded them… ” This is certainly true for Lenin . They survived imprisonment , exile , assassination attempts , a failed revolution , a successful one , and a civil war . Unlike Bannon , who quotes the Bhagavad Gita at friends , the vocabulary of combat was not mere pretense for Lenin . Bannon looks more like a Brezhnev-era gerontocrat than an Old Bolshevik terrorist : Lenin was lean and puritanical , while Bannon is rotund and , if their complexion is any clue , an indulgent drinker . What Bannon and Lenin share is the tendency to see war and violence as paradigmatic . Lenin was fond of quoting the 19th-century Prussian general Clausewitz 's dictum : “ War is the continuation of politics by other means. ” They made clear that this worked in both directions : Politics was also the continuation of war by other means . There can be little doubt that a war nerd like Bannon would agree .
To Lenin , everything was a weapon . They did not believe in the freedom of the press , because , as the Bolshevik decree proscribing the free press put it 1917 , “ Everyone knows that the bourgeois press is one of the most powerful weapons of the bourgeoisie. ” They did not believe in “ formal democracies ” and “ democratic republics , ” because they thought they were just elaborate ruses of war devised by the bourgeoisie , who had used representative government and universal suffrage to bamboozle the masses . In The State and Revolution , they wrote that the institutions of democratic republics have to be destroyed , not just replaced with new representatives , because “ a democratic republic is the best possible political shell for capitalism , and , therefore , once capital has gained possession of this very best shell … it establishes its power so securely , so firmly , that no change of persons , institutions , or parties in the bourgeois-democratic republic can shake it. ” As soon as it was possible to destroy nascent liberal democracy in Russia , Lenin took the opportunity .
As soon as it was possible to destroy nascent liberal democracy in Russia , Lenin took the opportunity .
For all their purported American nationalism , Bannon appears to hold this Leninist picture of politics . The institutions of the U.S. government are not an end-in-themselves to Bannon : They are battlefields or weapons . Nationalist they might claim to be , they are not a patriot . One can detect their cynicism on that point in their sarcastic remark to The New York Times , when they said that the publication was “ the paper of record for our beloved republic. ” Like Lenin , who believed their party incarnated the true revolutionary spirit no matter what the proletariat actually said they wanted , Bannon seems to believe that he 's championing a vital force “ deeper ” than the republic : the working class , the nation , the master race — all the fetishes of the 19th century that turned into the bloody altars of the 20th . This explains their flirtation with European far-right nationalist parties , like Marine Le Pen 's National Front in France , that are so alien to the mainstream conservative tradition in the United States , to this point highly individualist and suspicious of nationalism as an attack on local and personal autonomy .
Again , taking on a historical mantle based on a facile analogy is not limited to Bannon and the nationalist far right . Neoconservatives shared this pretentious habit : They imagined they were furthering the course of history by spreading liberal democracy . In 2006 , Francis Fukuyama labeled the Neoconservative movement Leninist , which has some basis in fact as many Neocons got their start on the Trotskyist left . But they did not publicly cop to their conceits like Bannon . Their chosen avatar of revolution was nearly as preposterous : George W. Bush was to be their Napoleon , a role Trump is just barely more suited for by virtue of derangement . It should n't really shock anyone that a Neocon , Michael Anton , who used to write under the name “ Decius , ” after the Roman consul Publius Decius Mus who infamously sacrificed themselves in battle , jumped ship from the Weekly Standard gang and started working for the Trump administration .
It 's not clear whether Bannon 's “ Leninist ” quote was just a provocative joke , a statement of real philosophical affinity , or just a very pretentious remark . It probably contains elements of all three . Bannon the troll knows how to get a rise out of people . But Bannon the self-styled radical intellectual shares the Leninist contempt for deliberative institutions , the Leninist belief that they and their small band authentically embody a larger historical struggle , and the insistent use of metaphor of warfare for all politics . A former banker and movie producer , Bannon is not a “ professional revolutionary , ” to borrow Lenin 's favored phrase for their Bolshevik comrades . The Bolsheviks were a hardened organized conspiracy in the years leading up to the revolution : They engaged in terrorism , robbed banks , and dodged the Czarist secret police . Even if Bannon 's Leninism is an imposture , it 's not a healthy fantasy for any politician in a democratic republic .
Such grandiosity is easy to mock , but it has clear use in the Trump administration . We know Trump is unable to tell the truth . Lying on that scale requires a vast supply of self-deceptions that most people are not capable of sustaining . Con men and frauds invent exotic backstories for themselves for this purpose , like Bannon 's superficial historical analogies and personal conceits . In the Trump administration , Bannon is less an intellectual revolutionary like Lenin , who read the German Idealist philosopher Hegel 's impenetrable Logic on the eve of the revolution , than a court magician who adds an air of hocus-pocus to the otherwise unimpressive person of the monarch . Bannon 's mind can readily supply the self-deceptions Trump needs by citing chapter and verse .
How many will have to suffer for Bannon to learn that history is not a personal melodrama cobbled together from old books ? It 's possible that Bannon 's usefulness to Trump 's core project of lining their pockets and paying down their debts will be limited . On the other hand , there 's always room for courtiers that flatter and burnish the royal image . Usually ambition is their undoing . Let 's hope it 's not ours , too . History might not have cycles , but one thing does seem perennial : stories of small men trying to make good on grandiose designs , failing to do so , and dragging down the rest of us .
John Ganz is the executive editor of Genius .
Story highlights Oslo pulls out of bidding for 2022 Winter Olympics
Move could signal a loss of appetite for democratic countries to hold gala sporting events
Cost of hosting major events has skyrocketed
The last Olympics , held in Sochi , cost Russia $ 50 billion in hosting and infrastructure
The procedure , now , is commonplace . A glitzy stage , manned by executives in suits , an envelope dramatically opened . Then , cheers from representatives of the successful bid .
Despite these regular , euphoric scenes not every country seems to have aspirations to host a major sporting event . Earlier this month , Norway withdrew its bid for Oslo to host the 2022 edition of the Winter Olympics , following Stockholm , Krakow and Lviv in Ukraine in dropping out of the process to host the tournament .
Munich , which was also considering a bid , decided not to pursue it , following a referendum .
`` The vote is not a signal against the sport , but against the non-transparency and the greed for profit of the IOC ( International Olympic Committee ) , '' said Ludwig Hartmann , an anti-Olympic bid campaigner and Green Party lawmaker in the Bavarian state legislature .
Despite several attempts , the IOC did not respond to requests for comments from CNN .
JUST WATCHED Jérôme Champagne : FIFA needs 'fresh air ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Jérôme Champagne : FIFA needs 'fresh air ' 02:38
JUST WATCHED Branding the World Cup Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Branding the World Cup 05:37
The Polish bid and a joint Davos/St . Moritz attempt also fell apart when ordinary voters were given a say .
JUST WATCHED Sochi becoming a ghost town Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sochi becoming a ghost town 02:45
The Oslo decision was taken for both financial and political reasons , the Norwegian Olympic Committee Secretary General , Inge Andersen told CNN .
Costly endeavor
It cost an estimated $ 50 billion to host the last Winter Games , held in Sochi , Russia .
A so-called list of IOC `` demands '' for delegations -- which included first class treatment such as exclusive VIP floor in an Oslo hotel , priority traffic lanes and Samsung phones for IOC delegates , as well as a red-carpet arrival ceremony for Committee chief Thomas Bach -- was outlined in a technical manual reportedly distributed to bid cities . Oslo 's copy was released and reported in Norwegian media .
In response to the reports , the IOC issued a statement saying , `` The IOC pays for , and always has paid for , its own accommodation . The so-called 'Olympic lanes ' are not demanded of every city but only where appropriate ... Olympic Lanes , where appropriate , are there to ensure the Olympic Games can take place in a busy or congested city and competition can run on time so that the event can be brought to a worldwide audience . ''
The statement goes on to say , `` The so-called 'demands ' in the technical manuals are no such thing . The language is very clear that these are merely suggestions and advice based on the experience gained from previous organisers of the Games . ''
However , many ordinary Norwegians did not feel that way .
`` The public opinion was that the IOC 'suggestions ' were more requirements , '' said Andersen , `` and reflected a perceived opinion of the IOC as a somewhat distanced , undemocratic organization with unreasonable , non-understandable recommendations . ''
The IOC said in a separate statement that it was a missed opportunity and Norway would have benefited from $ 880 million investment from the organization .
Oslo 's backing out leaves just two cities in the running ; Almaty in Kazakhstan and the Chinese capital Beijing , which hosted the Summer Games in 2008 .
Andersen added that the lack of interest in hosting the 2022 Games might prompt the Committee to enact some changes to the bidding process .
`` We believe this also gives a signal to the IOC regarding necessary changes , among them to strengthen ( the ) transparency of the processes . ''
Is allure fading ?
Whether the reason is political , financial or a mix of both , the sheen of hosting a major sporting event is starting to wear off for some nations .
JUST WATCHED Qatar commits to labor reforms Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Qatar commits to labor reforms 03:54
JUST WATCHED Formula One arrives in Sochi Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Formula One arrives in Sochi 02:26
JUST WATCHED 2014 Asian Games to kick off in Seoul Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2014 Asian Games to kick off in Seoul 01:34
With political strife dogging the 2014 World Cup in Brazil and `` white elephant '' stadiums dotting South Africa following its hosting of the 2010 World Cup , some Western-style democracies appear to be shying away from hosting the world 's biggest sporting jamborees .
`` The worst option would be that we firmly ( decide ) on a city ... ( and then ) the project will not be supported , '' Alfons Hormann , president of the German Olympic Sports Confederation ( DOSB ) said in relation to a possible German 2024 Summer Games bid , in an interview with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung
They said that a repeat of the lack of public support for Munich 's abandoned 2022 Winter Olympics bid `` must not happen to us . ''
New horizons
While western-style democracies appear to be increasingly listening to their voters and paying more attention to the bidding and hosting costs as a factor , there are still a large number of countries which can see the benefits to hosting tournaments , and the advantages that can be wrought from a little feel-good PR as the world 's gaze is focused on them .
`` Major sport events ( MSE ) are a unique opportunity to demonstrate the capability of a country or economy , to show power , to polish your image , to raise identification internally , '' Sylvia Schenk , a former athlete and prominent compliance expert , told CNN .
`` An authoritarian government does not ask its people and can just spend the money for a MSE . They decide on priorities , while countries like Switzerland , Norway , or Germany have to accept democratic decisions . ''
Alongside the award of FIFA hosting rights to Qatar and Russia , and Olympic hosting to either China or Kazakhstan , the number of authoritarian or semi-authoritarian hosts of races in the FIA Formula One calendar has increased from one in 1999 ( 6 % of races ) to six ( 31 % of races ) this year , the highest number of such hosts in an F1 season ever .
`` I will say something which is crazy , but less democracy is sometimes better for organizing a World Cup , '' FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke said in April at a symposium for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , comparing hosting the event there with the upcoming 2018 world cup in Russia .
`` When you have a very strong head of state who can decide , as maybe ( Russian President Vladimir ) Putin can do in 2018 ... that is easier for us organizers than a country such as Germany ... where you have to negotiate at different levels . ''
JUST WATCHED Blatter 's FIFA presidency challenger Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Blatter 's FIFA presidency challenger 02:11
JUST WATCHED Winter or summer for Qatar 2022 ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Winter or summer for Qatar 2022 ? 02:19
JUST WATCHED Quickfire questions with Sepp Blatter Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Quickfire questions with Sepp Blatter 03:06
However , Schenk feels that while there have been a spate of awards for hosting major sporting event by countries like Russia , China and Qatar , this does n't necessarily mean a sea change .
`` We have more authoritarian countries that can afford the money for a MSE nowadays , there are 'newly rich ' countries like Qatar , Azerbaijan for example . So this gives the impression that there is a trend . But Vancouver , London , Tokyo ( have also bid and hosted recently ) .
`` So no - there is no specific trend . Just the consequences of globalization , new rich countries and difficult discussions and skepticism in some democratic countries sometimes leading to the withdrawal of a bid . ''
In announcing Russia and Qatar the winners of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup hosts , FIFA 's president , Sepp Blatter , said the decisions merely reflect the organization 's desire to spread the global game .
`` We go to new lands , '' Blatter is quoted as saying in Reuters . `` Never has the World Cup been in Russia and Eastern Europe , and the Middle East and Arabic world has been waiting for a long time . So I 'm a happy president when we talk about the development of football . ''
Human rights concerns
Concerns over the upcoming hosts do remain , however .
The two countries left in the bidding for the 2020 Winter Olympics have been criticized by human rights groups . Human Rights Watch called Kazakhstan 's record `` poor '' in its 2014 World Report , citing a crackdown on free speech , flawed trials and torture in its prisons as major concerns .
Amnesty International was equally scathing about China 's treatment of its citizens . Its 2013 report on the country criticized it for maintaining a `` stranglehold '' on activists , `` subjecting many to harassment , intimidation , arbitrary detention and enforced disappearance . ''
Neither the Kazakh nor Chinese ministries of foreign affairs have responded to CNN 's requests for comment , but both countries have defended their human rights records in the past .
There are also concerns regarding the host countries of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , Russia and Qatar , both of which have been accused of human rights violations and , in the case of Qatar , treatment of migrant workers building the infrastructure for the 2022 Finals .
Qatar , for its part , has said it has made tangible progress in addressing the issue and is committed to labor reforms and the rights of workers . Meanwhile , Russia has long denied claims of human rights violations .
Schenk says hosting major sporting events can often be a powerful force for change . They cite the success of the Paralympics in Beijing as a way of highlighting the plight of disabled people in China , and says Qatar 's hosting has similarly increased scrutiny on the country .
`` The FIFA World Cup in Qatar shed a spotlight onto the horrible working conditions of the migrant workers there , '' they told CNN . `` No one ( publicly ) cared until about 18 months ago . The international trade unions are happy with the awarding as this was the leverage to discuss this issue . ''
Tensions between Russia and Ukraine , and Moscow 's annexation of Crimea has also had some , including British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , question the country 's suitability for hosting a major world event .
There have also been concerns about the safety of gay fans in both conservative Russia and Qatar and in 2010 , shortly after the two host countries were announced , FIFA President Sepp Blatter addressed the issue saying , `` we are definitely living in a world of freedom and I 'm sure when the World Cup will be in Qatar in 2022 , there will be no problems . ''
Russian football has also been hit with recent censures over the racist behavior of some of its fans , leading to the Ivory Coast 's Yaya Toure suggesting that some black players may boycott the next edition of the tournament .
Russia 2018 Chief Executive Alexey Sorokin told CNN 's Amanda Davis that they could guarantee the safety of fans and players when the tournament touches down in Russia .
Toure 's club side , Manchester City , this week played a UEFA Champions ' League match against CSKA Moscow behind closed doors after the Russian club was hit with the punishment following racist chanting by their fans .
Addressing claims of racism in Russian football , Sorokin said , `` while there are outbreaks of these undesired tendencies ( racism ) can not be regarded as a trend in our country . ''
Graft report
Corruption questions surrounding the awarding of the Qatari bid have also arisen . FIFA ethics investigator Michael Garcia , has spent 18 months compiling a report on the possibility of ethics violations influencing the decision to hand the 2018 and 2022 tournaments to Russia and the Emirate , respectively . However , FIFA has confirmed that the report would not be made public , a decision that has seen accusations of a lack of transparency at the organization .
FIFA , for its part , says that the move is to protect the identities of those who testified .
`` The reason why the investigatory chamber 's report can not be published in full is of course in order to protect the persons affected , '' Hans-Joachim Eckert , chairperson of the adjudicatory chamber of the independent Ethics Committee , said during the World Summit on Ethics in Sports .
World figures in the game , such as UEFA head Michel Platini and former Germany captain Franz Beckenbauer -- along with Garcia themselves -- have called for the report , or at least significant parts of it , to be made public .
Beckenbauer , who has denied being offered any inducement to sway their executive committee vote , told a panel at a sports conference in London last week : `` If you have nothing to hide you can publish and divulge it . ''
Their comments follow current UEFA head Platini 's calls for the document to be made available . `` As long as the regulations of the FIFA code of ethics regarding the actual investigation are respected , I support the publishing of the Garcia Report , '' the Frenchman told CNN at the beginning of October .
`` I have no issue with the findings and recommendations of the report being made available to the public . ''
A FIFA spokesperson told CNN : `` We can not speculate on what will happen until the full process of investigation is over and we get the conclusions . ''
Taking a moral stand ?
So do the organizing committees of the world 's showpiece sporting events have a moral obligation to pick candidates that are deemed ethically suitable ?
Schenk says that a country 's system of government should not affect their right to hold the world 's showcase events .
`` There are surely countries one should not award with a major sporting event ( MSE ) , but this has to be decided case by case . MSE 's can bring social change , they can help a country to work towards higher standards , '' they told CNN , via email .
`` It is about development , the positive impact a MSE can have and of course clear rules for the ( event ) itself . The organization committee has to have ( independently monitored ) rules in place that ensure high standards for all steps they take . ''
Last week , as Putin handed out the Formula One winner 's trophies at the new Sochi Autodrom -- itself an unusually high-profile move -- they might have reflected on the reported $ 50 million that Russia is paying to host the event .
As well as breathing new life into a resort town that has suffered financially since hosting its last major event in February , last weekend 's glamorous F1 show has once again focused the world 's attention on the country -- and the positive PR that hosting a major sporting event bestows on its hosts .
There are plenty of countries left that are willing to host major world sporting events . Whether their citizens agree however , may depend on whether they are given a chance to voice their opinions .
Most Debian packages are managed with a version control system ( VCS ) like git , subversion , bazaar or mercurial . The particularities of the 3.0 ( quilt ) source format are not without consequences in terms of integration with the VCS . I 'll give you some tips to have a smoother experience .
All the samples given in the article assume that you use git as version control system .
1 . Add .pc to the VCS ignore list
.pc is the directory used by quilt to store its internal data ( list of applied patches , backup of modified files ) . It 's also created by dpkg-source so that quilt knows that the patches are in debian/patches ( and not in patches which is the default directory used by quilt ) . For that reason , the directory is kept even if you unapply all the patches .
However you do n't want to store this directory in your repository , so it 's best to put it in the VCS ignore list . With git you simply do :
$ echo `` .pc '' > > .gitignore $ git add .gitignore $ git commit -m `` Ignore quilt dir ''
The .gitignore file is ignored by dpkg-source , so you 're not adding any noise to the generated source package .
2 . Unapply patches after the build
If you store upstream sources with non-applied patches ( most people do ) , and if you do n't build packages in a temporary build directory , then you probably want to unapply the patches after the build so that your repository is again in a clean status .
This is now the default since dpkg-source will unapply any patch that it had to apply by itself . Thus if you start the build with a clean tree , you 'll end up with a clean tree .
But you can still force dpkg-source to unapply patches by adding “ unapply-patches ” to debian/source/local-options :
$ echo `` unapply-patches '' > > debian/source/local-options $ git add debian/source/local-options $ git commit -m `` Unapply patches after build ''
svn-buildpackage always builds in a temporary directory so the repository is left exactly like it was before the build , this option is thus useless . git-buildpackage can also be told to build in a temporary directory with -- git-export-dir= .. /build-area/ ( the directory .. /build-area/ is the one used by svn-buildpackage , so this option makes git-buildpackage behave like svn-buildpackage in that respect ) .
3 . Manage your quilt patches as a git branch
Instead of using quilt to manage the Debian-specific patches , it 's possible to use git itself . git-buildpackage comes with gbp-pq ( “ Git-BuildPackage Patch Queue ” ) : it can export the quilt serie in a git branch that you can manipulate like you want . Each commit represents a patch , so you want to rebase that branch to edit intermediary commits . Check out the upstream documentation of this tool to learn how to work with it .
There 's an alternative tool as well : git-dpm . Its website explains the principle very well . It 's a more complicated than gbp-pq but it has the advantage of keeping the history of all branches used to generate the quilt series of all Debian releases . You might want to read a review made by Sam Hartman , it explains the limits of this tool .
4 . Document how to review the changes
One of the main benefit of this new source format is that it 's easy to review changes because upstream changes are kept as separate patches properly documented ( ideally using the DEP-3 format ) . With the tools above , the commit message becomes the patch header . Thus it 's important to write meaningful commit messages .
This works well as long as your workflow considers the Debian patches as a branch that you rebase on top of the upstream sources at each release . Some maintainers do n't like this workflow and prefer to have the Debian changes applied directly in the packaging branch . They switch to a new upstream version by merging it in their packaging branch . In that case , it 's difficult to generate a quilt serie out of the VCS . Instead , you should instruct dpkg-source to store all the changes in a single patch ( which is then similar to the good old .diff.gz ) and document in the header of that patch how the changes can be better reviewed , for example in the VCS web interface . You do the former with the -- single-debian-patch option and the latter by writing the header in debian/source/patch-header :
$ echo `` single-debian-patch '' > > debian/source/local-options $ cat > debian/source/patch-header < < END This patch contains all the Debian-specific changes mixed together . To review them separately , please inspect the VCS history at http : //git.debian.org/ ? =collab-maint/foo.git END
People might not realize it , but he 's a stud . I think he 's probably the No . 1 guy out there by far .
-- Nelson on Dos Santos
If you 're expecting Roy Nelson to be bowled over by how quickly they went from reality show winner to potential No . 1 heavyweight contender , you can stop right now.Even though a win over highly touted Brazilian striker Junior dos Santos at UFC 117 this weekend would likely net them a title shot , and less than a year after winning season 10 of `` The Ultimate Fighter , '' Nelson is n't in awe of how quickly things have progressed . `` It 's a little bit slower than I 'd like , actually , '' they told MMA Fighting . `` Usually I 'd like to fight for the belt a little bit sooner , but I 'll take it . `` As is so often the case when interviewing `` Big Country , '' it 's a response that only raises more questions . Questions like , is they serious ? It 's the same when you ask them about their preparation for dos Santos . Before taking on 6'11 '' Stefan Struve in March they claimed that he 'd been getting ready by playing a lot of basketball . This time , to prepare for the fierce Brazilian striker , they joke about trying some other methods . `` I 'm pretty much doing the same , usual stuff with my usual guys . Sometimes we 'll go out and put some meat on my a -- and let some jaguars go to see if I can outrun them , that kind of stuff . You know , normal training stuff . `` But as much as they like to kid around , Nelson knows that dos Santos is serious business . He 's a big , powerful , ferocious knockout artist who has torn through the UFC heavyweight ranks , smashing veteran opponents such as Fabricio Werdum , Mirko `` Cro Cop '' Filipovic , and Gabriel Gonzaga , among others . `` I 'm glad to be fighting Junior dos Santos , '' said Nelson . `` People might not realize it , but he 's a stud . I think he 's probably the No . 1 guy out there by far . `` In fact , Nelson said , the fight with dos Santos holds almost as much allure as the title fight he 'll earn if they can get past him . In part , that 's because Nelson has so much respect for what dos Santos can do . It 's also because he 's not entirely impressed with the rest of the UFC 's heavyweight division.For instance , take UFC heavyweight champ Brock Lesnar and their most recent challenger , Shane Carwin . Nelson watched that fight closely and `` learned a lot about '' each man , they said . `` Carwin , they seem like they train for five , one-minute rounds . That 's their championship fight , apparently , '' said Nelson . `` But no , you learn a lot . Like Carwin , they quit . They basically quit with Brock and they tapped out . That means you quit . It 's pretty self-explanatory . Then Brock , you learned that if you do n't give them an opportunity to come back on you , if you do n't give them that hole to come back , they wo n't come back . Shane just gave them the chance to come back . They did n't put them away . `` Carwin 's fatigue , which they attributed to lactic acidosis , serves as just one more sign to the more rotund Nelson that the monstrous physiques of their peers are n't necessarily all they 're cracked up to be . `` I mean , look at him . All that muscle to feed oxygen to , of course they get tired . You have all that muscle on you , you 're going to get tired . That 's why I prefer to be fat . `` Again , is they serious ? Or is this just Roy having a bit of fun with us , mocking the obsession with their physique while playing to it at the same time ? With `` Big Country , '' you can never be quite sure.All we really know is that the one thing he 's not joking about is the man who will be standing in front of them in Oakland on Saturday night . When it comes to-dos Santos ' skills , Nelson is as serious as they ever gets . To hear them tell it , he 's also as ready as he 's ever been .
Fifty tiny houses -- dubbed the Cottages at Hickory Crossing -- will soon be home to 50 of the most expensive homeless people in Dallas .
Developers say while it took a chunk of change to get the project off the ground , it could end up saving money in the long run .
The KERA radio story
The phrase has been tossed around a lot since the Cottages project was announced : “ Dallas ' most expensive homeless. ” What does that actually mean ? Chad Baker has some insight .
“ We started with what the county called the ‘ frequent fliers , ' so to speak when it comes to the ones being arrested and going to Parkland , ” they say .
The Costs Of Homelessness
Baker is a assistant director at Central Dallas Community Development Corporation , the nonprofit developing the Cottages . The community is located just west of Fair Park . They say about 300 potential residents made the short list , a group of people currently costing taxpayers about $ 40,000 a year , per person .
Here 's how you get to that number .
“ Some of the big ticket items are just a single ambulance ride can cost over $ 1,500 , ” they say .
A trip to Parkland 's emergency room costs $ 2,500 more . A week in the hospital costs another $ 2,500 . That 's $ 6,500 altogether .
And getting arrested ? Baker estimates that it costs law enforcement $ 400 just to take someone into custody . And it goes up from there .
“ A day in jail can cost the county $ 64 per person , ” says Baker . “ And when a homeless person gets arrested they stay in jail for an average of 24 days . ”
Which means a typical trip to jail adds up to about $ 2,000 . Baker hopes the Cottages will make a lot of those arrests obsolete .
“ If you 're constantly being arrested for say sleeping in public or pan handling and things like that , if you now have a home to live in you would obviously not be arrested for those same types of offenses , ” says Baker .
Investing In The Project
It was n't inexpensive to buy the land , and build 50 , small cottages— each measuring 339 square feet . Plus , there 's a laundromat and a services building . In all , the project costs about $ 5 million .
John Greenan is executive director of the development group and says maintaining the homes , paying for insurance , utilities , taxes , a full time security staff and mental health services wo n't come cheap either .
“ So we 're looking at somewhere probably between $ 12,500 and $ 15,000 per year per person , ” Greenan says .
But remember , that same person on the street costs about $ 40,000 each year .
“ So we 're looking at a savings -- we think we 'll realize over $ 25,000 per year , ” they say .
Hard Numbers And Humanity
While it 's hard to argue with that math , Greenan says there 's more at stake here .
“ We are n't giving people houses because they deserve it , we 're giving them places to live because they are fellow human beings and fellow citizens of the city , ” Greenan says . `` We do n't think anybody in a city as wealthy as Dallas should be sleeping on the streets . ”
And having a cottage means more than just walls and a roof . The caseworkers and psychiatrists on-site bring resources to people who desperately need support .
“ The people I 've known who became homeless , it usually was a progression , it started with a job loss or substance abuse or broken marriage , and then their life spiraled out of control from there . In order to get their life back together , it 's going to take some time and it 's going to take some work , ” Greenan says . “ Putting them in an isolated place without a community , without services is likely to lead to failure . ”
Organizers realize while this project is ambitious and exciting , 50 cottages for 50 people is n't enough help all the city 's nearly 4,000 homeless people . And , Baker says , deciding who gets a cottage and who does n't can be a heart-wrenching emotional task .
“ It really is a hard decision because they are real people . The decisions that we make have effects on their lives , and it 's tough sometimes , ” Baker says .
And developers hope what started out as a tough process around a conference table will end up a bright new chapter for people who could really use four walls , a roof , access to social services -- and a lot more stability .
The sound and fury has n't fully subsided after a Moscow audience apparently booed Prime Minister Vladimir Putin at a bloody martial arts battle in Moscow . Despite dueling claims , at least one thing is certain : Putin 's gift for transfixing audiences ranging from biker gangs to Wall Street bank chiefs somehow collapsed on Sunday .
Putin 's press secretary , briefing local journalists late Monday , said the jeers were directed not at their boss but rather at the wounded American fighter , Jeff Monson , who left the stage after a defeat at the hands of Russia 's Fyodor Yemelyanenko .
Preserving Mr. Putin 's popular image is vital for their United Russia party two weeks ahead of parliamentary elections , especially as approval ratings have slipped . At least one state-run television channel apparently edited the broadcast 's audio to remove or at least minimize the booing .
Yet despite the aide 's claims that the audience was taunting Mr. Monson , two attendees interviewed by The Wall Street Journal said they 're certain the booing were directed at Putin himself , although they did n't agree on the reason .
Edit 2 : We 're ready to roll . I just need to get the approval of the people in charge .
Edit : We 're doing some final vetting on the story , folks . I hope you 'll give us the benefit of the doubt . Longtime readers of the site should know we are n't about getting cheap hits . We want to make sure get it right . We are hoping to have it up soon , but do n't spend the night refreshing the page . Keep it in perspective . We have the story of a parody Twitter account with 400 followers , not the Jets trading for Drew Brees .
Thank you for your patience and loyalty-JB
.............................................................................................
Many of you are familiar with Jake Steinberg , a writer for The Jets Blog who has become an insider for the team . Here is an article talking about their Jets related exploits .
The article mentions that there is a parody Twitter account of somebody pretending to be him , @ Steiny32 . This person has made fun of Steiny consistently and posted crude and insulting Tweets of both Steiny and others , including beat writers . Nobody has found much evidence of their identity , until now .
I have come across evidence indicating who this person might be , and you will see that today on GGN .
I confronted the person behind the account yesterday seeking comment . Since that person read my message , please note the Tweets coming from Fake Steiny .
It feels sad to realize that this might be coming to an end.No I am not talking about the Jets season . — Fake Steiny Verified ( @ Steiny32 ) November 25 , 2012
There used to be honor among thieves . Today that concept seems foreign to so many.Thank you to all the supporters . — Fake Steiny Verified ( @ Steiny32 ) November 25 , 2012
I will comment more after the story about this account runs.Please withhold judgement until I can explain further . — Fake Steiny Verified ( @ Steiny32 ) November 25 , 2012
@ gregrenoff No it is n't the Jets.It is a rogue blogger . — Fake Steiny Verified ( @ Steiny32 ) November 25 , 2012
Yup , I 'm the `` rogue '' blogger with no `` honor '' according to the dude hiding behind an alias to make fun of people . Stay tuned for more .
Before we dive in , I 'd like to thank Ryder for developing this amazing system over the years and sharing it with the world . I am honored to be sharing a glimpse into my Bullet Journal with you today and so grateful for the opportunity to share how I have made it my own .
My Bullet Journal Story
Before the Bullet Journal system came into my life , I was one of those people with countless old planners laying around half-used and full of blank pages . I never truly found a system that worked for me until now .
I have always been a list-maker and I love to put pen to paper . If you had looked at my desk a few months ago , you would have found piles of loose papers , notebooks , calendars , and post-it notes . I knew that there had to be a way to wrangle them all into a manageable system . I went on a massive Pinterest search and discovered the beautiful Bullet Journal pictures and blog posts that abound there . I was hooked .
What I Love About My Bullet Journal
My absolute favorite thing about my Bullet Journal is it 's flexibility . In the past , I would feel incredibly guilty for leaving blank pages in my planners and would inevitably just stop using them . I now have the freedom to use as much or as little space as I need on any given day . Each page is a new blank canvass ready to absorb whatever thoughts , notes , tasks , doodles , or musings come to me that day .
Walkthrough
Key
I am a traditionalist when it comes to my key . I love the simplicity of the bullet points to signify my tasks each day . Putting an “ x ” or arrow through those bullet points is incredibly satisfying to me .
Index
The index is the back-bone to my system and the one thing that has made my Bullet Journal the perfect system for me . I finally have a way to keep all of my notes organized within one notebook instead of multiple sheets of paper on my desk .
In addition to the front index , I developed a color-coding system on the last page of my notebook . At a glance , I can easily flip to pages related to key areas of my life : Blog , Travel , Projects , Finances , Food , Health & Goals .
Monthly Spread
I used Ryder 's original monthly log layout at first , but quickly discovered that I was running out of room to list all of my appointments , particularly on busy days . I switched this up in October and developed a layout with morning/afternoon/evening sections and a smaller column for my monthly goals . This is also one of the only ways that I color code my Bullet Journal .
Future Planning
My future planning spread is basically just a way for me to track important dates like birthdays and holidays . For more detailed events like appointments and travel plans I keep a shared iCal calendar with my husband so that we always know each other 's schedules .
At the beginning of each month I reference our shared calendars and fill in the details .
Daily Log
The daily pages are the heart and soul of my Bullet Journal . I do not necessarily migrate uncompleted tasks each and every day . As long as the open tasks are all on my current spread , I leave them there . I look at my entire current spread as one giant to-do list .
Once I flip over to a new page , I go back and either migrate or cross off tasks that have become irrelevant .
Collections
One of my favorite parts of bullet journaling is the ability to add in lists and collections . Sometimes it is a simple list like “ books to read ” or notes on a project I 'm working on . Other times I get very creative with doodles and hand-lettered quotes to make the page really stand out .
Habit Tracking
My monthly habit tracker is one of the most visited pages in my Bullet Journal . I developed this tracker as a way to eliminate writing repetitive tasks on my daily pages . I love to look back on this tracker at the end of every month . It 's a great tool for self assessment and reflection .
How to Bullet Journal Like Kara
When : Daily planning is a big part of my night-time routine . About 30 minutes before bed , all of the electronics go off and I spend some quiet time with my Bullet Journal .
Sometimes I will journal a short blurb about my day or write down a few things that I
am grateful for .
am grateful for . I turn to my habit tracker and fill in everything that I accomplished that day .
I write out the following day 's header on the next available line .
I carefully look over any open tasks and decide if they are still worth my time . If they are , I migrate them to the following day . If not , I cross them out or move them to forward planning .
I glance at my monthly spread and fill in the next day 's appointments/events .
In the morning , I review the tasks that I need to get done and come up with a plan for my day .
Throughout the day I record any notes , conversations , to-do 's , or new lists as they come up . I also schedule in a mega-planning day near the end of each month . This planning day includes reflection on the previous month and goal setting for the month ahead .
Kara 's Gear
– Leuchttturm1917 Notebook ( Medium A5 , Dot Grid )
– Faber Castell PITT Artist Pen ( Fine , 0.5mm )
– Staedtler Triples Fineliners ( 0.3mm )
By Derrick Broze
The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) faces a lawsuit over the use of handheld devices used to gather biometric data during immigration raids .
Washington D.C. – On Tuesday two organizations filed suit against the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for failing to release records related to the agency 's use of devices to gather biometric data from immigrants . Mijente , an advocacy group focused on “ promoting Latinx and Chicanx organizing and movement building , ” and the National Immigration Project of National Lawyers Guild are asking a federal court to force ICE and the Department of Homeland Security to release information related to the use of handheld devices used to gather biometric data from immigrants during raids .
A press release states :
Yesterday , Mijente and the National Immigration Project of National Lawyers Guild ( NIPNLG ) filed a lawsuit demanding that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) reveal the information requested related to their use of mobile fingerprinting units , or biometric devices , in immigration raids and other immigration enforcement actions .
The Lawyers Guild accuses ICE and the DHS of ignoring Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) requests aimed at disclosing details of the raids and the devices . The suit claims that FOIA requests to the Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties were due on May 3 , while a response from ICE was due June 21 .
The organizations state that ICE is responsible for promoting technologies with little oversight which endanger civil liberties . “ The coinciding surge in immigration raids under the Trump Administration raises further alarm over whether such mobile biometric devices have adequate oversight and accountability , ” the press release states . “ As ICE increasingly promotes the use of such technologies , the public deserves to know the impact of their use on communities , including within immigrant communities and communities of color . ”
Tania Unzueta , Mijente 's Policy Director , elaborated upon the dangers faced by immigrants .
Immigration agents are showing up at people 's doorstep , demanding they submit their bodies to scanning , and taking people into detention with little regard for due process or people 's civil rights .
Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
The actions of ICE are not only a threat to the liberty and privacy of immigrants , but to all Americans . Even if you believe there is nothing wrong with a bit of extra screening or vetting by the federal government , you should be willing to acknowledge that these programs will eventually be expanded and used on all Americans leaving or entering the country .
In fact , back in September , Activist Post reported that attorneys with the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit in defense of 10 U.S. citizens and one green card holder in response to warrantless searches at the U.S. border . The warrantless searches and the efforts to build a biometric wall are both promoted as weapons in the “ war against illegal immigration. ” The reality is much more grim .
The U.S. government aims to control all aspects of American life , including knowing where you are at any given moment . To do this they are building a huge surveillance and police state in the name of fighting terrorism and immigration . Do not fall for the trap . Fight the police state at every turn .
Story highlights The Air Force found problems with cooling lines
The F-35 program is the most expensive ever at $ 400 billion
Washington ( CNN ) The US Air Force said Friday it has grounded 10 of its F-35 Joint Strike Fighters , just over a month after they were declared `` combat ready . ''
The decision affecting the most expensive weapons system ever was made `` due to the discovery of peeling and crumbling insulation in avionics cooling lines inside the fuel tanks , '' the Air Force said in a statement , describing the action as a temporary pause in flight operations . ''
The faulty cooling lines affected a total of 57 aircraft , the statement said . Only 15 of those planes had been fielded with the remainder still on the production line and will be fixed there .
The plane 's manufacturer , Lockheed Martin , has delivered 108 F-35As . The Air Force plans to buy 1,763 of the jets .
Of the 15 grounded aircraft already in the field , 10 had been declared combat ready , one was being used in testing , and the final four were for training , with two of those four training aircraft belonging to the Royal Norwegian Air Force .
Read More
In 2008 , Hillary Clinton told a memorable story on the campaign trail of how their father taught them how to shoot a gun .
Eight years later , on a prime-time debate stage again , the Democratic front-runner proudly called the National Rifle Association one of their `` enemies . ''
When Democrats took the stage on Tuesday at the first official Democratic primary debate in almost eight years , it was clear the party had shifted dramatically on one issue in particular : gun control .
At the debate in Las Vegas , guns became a focus of the 2.5-hour-long contest . The difference this time , compared to prior elections : The top three Democrats made repeated attempts to tout their tough-on-gun records .
Front-runner Clinton , former Maryland Gov . Martin O'Malley ( D ) , and Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vermont ) bragged about their negative ratings from the National Rifle Association . A lower-tier candidate , former Sen. Jim Webb ( D-Virginia ) , was forced to concede that they still supported some gun-control efforts , despite their `` A '' rating from the NRA during their time in Congress .
`` We ca n't overstate how much of a sea change that is American politics , given how guns have been previously been portrayed as a third rail . Last night 's debate shows how far the gun safety movement has come in the last few years , '' Erika Soto Lamb , the communications director for group Everytown for Gun Safety , told Business Insider .
One of the most memorable moments of the debate came less than 10 minutes into the affair . Clinton went after Sanders over their support for a controversial gun law called the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act , which protects gun manufacturers and distributors from most legal liability if sued by victims of gun violence .
Asked if they thought Sanders ' position on gun control went far enough , Clinton did n't hesitate .
`` No , not at all . I think that we have to look at the fact that we lose 90 people a day to gun violence , '' Clinton said .
`` It 's time that the entire country stood up to the NRA , '' Clinton added , as the audience cheered .
O'Malley , whose campaign was clearly focused on capitalizing on the issue before the debate , touted their own record banning assault weapons in Maryland . They mentioned that they invited the family members of one of the victims of a 2012 movie-theater shooting in Aurora , Colorado , to the debate .
In 2012 , it made news when President Barack Obama , campaigning for their reelection , called for `` common sense '' reform .
hillary clinton bernie sanders martin o'malley debate More
But the politics of the issue within the Democratic Party have shifted tremendously in the last several years , as opinion among party voters has moved toward stricter controls on guns .
Both Clinton and O'Malley have rolled out comprehensive gun-control plans that propose universal background checks and a rollback of the liability shield for gun manufacturers and distributors for violent crimes committed with guns .
Clinton 's anti-gun rhetoric was especially notable , considering how carefully Democrats have treaded on the issue over the last several election cycles . After former Vice President Al Gore lost the 2000 election , Democrats pointed to their support for the assault-weapons ban signed into law by former President Bill Clinton in 1994 .
In 2008 , then-Sen. Obama mocked Clinton 's story about learning how to shoot with their father , saying that they were `` talking like she 's Annie Oakley ! '' In 2012 , even after the Aurora shooting , guns did not take center stage .
Tuesday 's debate gave evidence of a tectonic shift .
Prior to the debate , the most popular questions submitted to CNN online both came from the family members of victims of gun violence .
Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein pulled one of the oldest third-party candidate , get-noticed-on-debate-night stunts : Get arrested .
Yes , Stein — who we interviewed during their Green Party debate against Roseanne Barr ( yes , THAT Roseanne Barr ) in San Francisco — got arrested Tuesday outside along with their running mate… .. if you can name their running mate without looking , you are a Political Geek Hero in our book . ( Answer : Cheri Honkala . )
Stein 's beef : She 's on 85 percent of ballots on Election Day and qualified for $ 100,000 in federal matching funds as a genuine presidential candidate . So why is n't they on stage with the other two guys ?
Stein , a Harvard-trained physician , called Tuesday 's debate a “ mockumentary ” and said “ We are here to bring the courage of those excluded from our politics to this mock debate , this mockery of democracy . ”
Random aside : Mockery of Democracy=Good band name .
For Californians , this recalls Code Pink co-founder Medea Benjamin — then a Green Party candidate for U.S. Senate against Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Republican Rep. Tom Campbell in 2000 — getting arrested before a TV debate in San Francisco . Or Ralph Nader , the 2000 Green Party prez candidate not being allowed into a presidential debate — even though they had a ticket to the event .
Here 's some video of the arrest , courtesy of the Long Island Report . Our favorite part is when Stein and Honkala have to spell their names for the TV reporters in attendance . Ryan and Biden did n't have to do that…well , not for MOST of the TV reporters .
Toronto police have released security camera images in connection with an incident in March in which a gun was fired downtown .
The incident happened just after 2 a.m. on Sunday , March 19 , on King Street West near Brant Street . Police say two 26-year-old men got into a physical altercation with two other men . During the altercation , one of the men was sprayed with pepper spray and a gun was fired into the air .
No one was hit in the shooting , and the suspects then fled the area .
On Friday police released security camera footage of two suspects they want to identify .
The is the second of two men police are looking to identify in connection with the incident on King Street West . ( Toronto Police Service )
The suspect with the firearm is described as :
Twenty-five to 30 years old .
Five feet nine inches tall
Wearing a black coat .
The firearm is described as a silver or grey semi-automatic handgun .
This man is one of two suspects police are looking to identify in connection with an incident on March 19 on King Street West in which a gun was fired into the air . ( Toronto Police Service )
The suspect with the pepper spray is described as :
Despite only their second term in Congress , Alan Grayson has had a major impact on the most important debate of the year . They put themselves into a vocal leadership position in opposition to military action in Syria , and after weeks of organizing , the crisis has apparently dissipated without ever having to take a vote .
The pact between Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov to secure and dispose of Syria 's chemical weapons stockpiles takes military strikes off the table for now , as well as reinforcing the ban on chemical warfare and re-establishing the primacy of the United Nations in international crises . Grayson , in a message to supporters last week , exulted , “ we have shown that Peace can be more powerful than War . ”
Advertisement :
In an interview on Friday , Salon talked to Grayson about how the drive for war broke down this time around , the differences between how Democrats and Republicans viewed the situation , and the troubling lack of transparency from the Administration on the intelligence used to justify military force . Following is a transcript of that conversation .
So what 's the latest on Syria ? Is the Administration trying to still get an authorization for military force as a backup for the diplomatic process ?
Well , warmongering is something that 's always attempted . Every hour , every day , every month and every week . But the Administration simply has no way to persuade the House under current circumstances . There 's no way to get a majority out of the House to support armed intervention . The current whip count in the Washington Post is 26 in favor , 251 against . And those are accurate numbers , if anything they understate the case . I 've spoken to supposedly undecided members who are keeping quiet about their opposition out of respect to the Administration . So they can try , but it 's not going to happen .
So why did this work this time ? I mean , recent history shows that America is not exactly shy about approving of military action .
Once every 40 months , yes .
So what was different ? Is it just war fatigue generally , or something unique to the Syria situation ? Why were you so successful in building a massive coalition against a rush to war ?
Advertisement :
Some people have different points of view . Republican members by and large think this is n't a valid use of the U.S. military . They believe in the Powell doctrine , that you do n't go to war with no strategy , no overwhelming force , and no way out . Republicans believe the purpose of the military is to defend America , defend our allies and that 's it . And this Syria action does n't fall into any of those categories . That 's particularly true among constitutionalists .
Among Democrats , I think there 's been more of an analysis of pros and cons . They 're looking at the advantages , the disadvantages and the risks . And they 're reaching the same conclusion by a margin of over 3:1 . They understand that a U.S. attack will not end the civil war , it will not change the leadership in Syria , it will not prevent a new chemical attack , and it wo n't reduce the chemical stockpile . An attack could in fact weaken the command and control of those chemical stockpiles from the Syrian military , and create an enormous opportunity for proliferation , putting these weapons in the hands of other people . As Democrats look at this , they see an enormous possibility of outright war .
They realize that the Administration has underestimated the possibility that an attack will lead to counter-attack , against the U.S. fleet , U.S. civilians in Lebanon or elsewhere , the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , against Israel , against Turkey , against our forces in the field , the U.S. embassy in Baghdad . It 's not exactly a target-poor environment . There 's the possibility of triggering the mutual defense pact between Syria and Iran . There are Russian military advisers all over the place in Syria . Some of them might die in an attack , and that could bring forward a confrontation between the United States and Russia . I see people concerned about our violation of international law . That 's a point Putin made in their editorial , but many members have pointed that out to me . So members of Congress look and this and see an attack as pointless and dangerous .
What 's your assessment of how the Administration has conducted themselves in this case ?
Advertisement :
I have the benefit of knowing what the U.S. military plans are . Members on both sides are extremely well-informed about this . Most of us have been to multiple briefings , in some cases classified briefings . It 's not that people need more information , you know , we 've got plenty . And what we 're seeing is an extremely risky and fruitless undertaking . I have the sense that the Administration is suffering from some degree of hubris . They claim to know the future reactions of the Syrians , the Russians , the Iranians , Hezbollah . They claim to be able to micromanage this “ unbelievably small ” attack . In a way it 's reminiscent of Johnson choosing bombing targets in Vietnam . We all know how that ended up .
There 's another point that we 're not concentrating on things that matter in the lives of our constituents . We have the possibility of a government shutdown , the debt ceiling , why are we talking about this ?
And there 's an overwhelming tsunami of constituent opinion against this attack . I know there are some members who are reluctant to concede authority to their constituents . I 'm not . The first statement I made about this attack was “ My constituents do n't support it. ” And when you see 100,000 people coming to our website DontAttackSyria.com , 200,0000 to Credo , more to MoveOn , and Republicans have seen grassroots activity on their side . This translates into a one-sided battering , to the extent of people walking up to you in the street telling you how vehemently opposed they are .
Advertisement :
In a single week , the President lost 17 points in the opinion polls . And all of this understates and omits the extreme anxiety opponents feel about being dragged into another interminable Mideast war . The people for an attack are mildly for it , those against are adamantly , loudly against an attack . Congressional offices are seeing something they 've never seen before . I 've had a member of Congress who 's been here 20 years tell me that he 's never seen something where constituent contacts are running 100:1 against . Democratic and Republican members have put out specific counts , and they are consistently over 100:1 . One member said to me he 's received 1,000 emails , and only 3 of them for an attack .
What do you make of the idea put out by the Administration that it was only the credible threat of military force that brought the Syrians and the Russians to the negotiating table ?
It 's just not true . Look , if the President wants to take credit , that 's fine with me . I do n't think they have a hidden agenda . He 's genuinely aggrieved by chemical warfare . But the Syrian army has Internet access . They can go to the Washington Post or The Hill or Firedoglake and see whip counts , they can see for themselves that the numbers are what I said . It 's implausible to me personally that their primary motivation is to avoid an authorization for military force when they can see the current count . Many votes fell off the Administration position in the Senate . It was pretty close until ( last ) Tuesday , then support in the Senate collapsed , that 's why there was no vote Wednesday .
Advertisement :
My view is that the Syrians probably have suffered a breakdown in the command and control of their chemical weapons . That 's what German intelligence said . It 's unfortunate that I found out about the German intelligence from newspapers , even though I 'm serving on the Foreign Affairs committee , I would expect the Administration to tell me , but that 's another story .
No , let 's talk about that . It occurs to me that your big effort in 2010 was to audit the Fed , to bring transparency to financial matters . Now , with this Syria debate , you wrote an op-ed for the New York Times about the lack of transparency in the intelligence . Do you see a parallel there ?
Yes , and transparency is a universal value shared in large part by both parties , liberals and conservatives . The situation is profoundly disturbing to many members . We 're two weeks past the point where the Administration called for an attack . And we 've been given a grand total of two documents . A four-page unclassified summary giving nothing but talking points for war , some of which has been discredited , including the casualty count . Even the Administration is no longer willing to say 1,429 people were killed by chemical weapons on August 21 .
The other intelligence is not close to that . And a 12-page classified summary . I ca n't tell you what 's in it , I could n't possibly comment , but as you might think , it 's much the same , prepared by proponents of war , giving only pro-war talking points . There 's no actual underlying intelligence . The other members have n't seen it . It 's been more than a week since the Administration received several formal requests to show the evidence . I do n't understand how a great nation spending over $ 50 billion a year on intelligence can show lawmakers two documents , and on that basis expect us to approve a war .
Advertisement :
I caught a lot of resonance with other members of Congress when I pointed out that the Benghazi situation was treated entirely differently . That was a case of a few unfortunate deaths , versus a third Middle Eastern war . In Bengahzi we got everything !
When I hear these wild claims against Hillary Clinton , I laughed out loud , because the members obviously did n't go to a secure facility and read the documents . They 're all there , every email , every intelligence report . Literally a second-by-second chronology . And the documents make it clear that , as unfortunate as the situation was , there was nothing to avoid it , once the Ambassador made the decision to go to Benghazi .
Here , we have these breathtaking assumptions , first that there was a chemical weapons attack , which is now credible , but they did n't give us the intelligence . Then we have the assumption that 's in dispute , that it was carried out by the Syrian army . The intelligence is on the side of the United States , but a dozen former intelligence officials sent a letter saying no , it was carried out by the rebels . Why do I have to hear that from former intelligence officials , saying that they 're hearing that from current intelligence officials , when the current intelligence officials are kept away from Congress ? Then there 's the question of who ordered the attack ? Lots of reports say it was not ordered by Assad . Reuters and the Guardian say Assad tried to prevent it . And this colors the entire war strategy . If Assad ordered it , there 's a legitimate question of how to prevent future attacks . If they did n't , you have a breakdown in command and control , and the prescription is different . An attack would make it worse , not better .
So that 's the different facts before you even get to the benefits and costs . We 're simply supposed to rely upon these two documents of talking points , and on that basis we 're supposed to decide whether to give advise and consent for another war .
Advertisement :
Note : We also spoke with Grayson about the economy , and will publish that conversation later in the week .
Each summer , nine million pounds of walrus flesh packs the beaches of Round Island , off the southwest coast of Alaska in the Bering Sea . Scientists are n't exactly sure why , but for a few months each summer , about 12,000 male Pacific walruses congregate on the two mile ( 3.2 km ) long island . From the base of the cliffs to the bubbly surf , all you can see is walrus .
Arctic Animal Image Gallery
Known as rather gregarious creatures , the walruses may simply enjoy one another 's company -- although they do occasionally jab a neighbor with their long tusks to assert dominance . Or , perhaps they are simply trying to stay warm . After all , temperatures can slip below zero degrees Fahrenheit ( -32 degrees Celsius ) . Or maybe they 're just chatting about the ladies ; the female walruses are far away , in route back from their yearly migration north -- with calves in tow .
Whatever the reason for this months-long male bonding , it presents an ideal setting for scientists to study the mammal , whose name in Danish means `` seahorse '' or `` sea cow . '' In the years since research began , biologists have learned much about this hardy creature of the arctic . For example , in just the last decade , scientists discovered that the walrus does n't use its tusks to dig for food along the ocean bottom , as previously thought . It actually blows a stream of water at the sea floor to stir up the prey .
On the following pages , you 'll learn even more about this tusked animal -- from how the walrus removes clams from shells ( think vacuum cleaner ) to how deep it can dive ( hint : almost the full length of a football field ) [ source : Lanken ] .
‘ The Media ' is the medium ( TV , radio , internet , etc . ) through which information is transferred from its producers to consumers . For this article , I 'm going to focus primarily on internet journalism in the post-2013 era , and how it applies to the alt-right . Understanding internet journalism and its rules , trends , and how it has evolved , can improve the success of spreading content to consumers . But second , the media does n't just inform : it can change existing narratives or create new ones , either subliminally or blatantly . The latter has the potential to be very powerful . The word ‘ propaganda ' has negative connotations , but what it really is is just effective communication , which by definition reaches a lot of people and changes minds .
There have been numerous articles and videos lately about the alt-right , in an effort to explain it to a broader population . Here 's a video of Vox Day being interviewed by Stefan Molyneaux about the alt-right . And here 's an article by Vox Day in which they link to a comprehensive summary of the alt-right written by Andrew Anglin , editor and founder of The Daily Stormer , a popular white nationalist site . Interestingly , Vox writes :
While there will no doubt be those who are uncomfortable with the more extreme elements of the Alt-Right , particularly on the part of conservatives and libertarians who would totally join it if only it did n't involve making common cause with * those people *
, it is absolutely necessary to adopt a variant of the principle of Ronald Reagan , which is no enemies on the Right . A tendency to delicately recoil from anyone willing to articulate , let alone actually fight for , their own people 's interests is one of the fatal flaws of conservatism , which at its core is little more than an aesthetic philosophy of noble defeat .
Guilt by association is real – it 's a tough sell making Daily Stormer articles go viral outside of the white nationalist community – not because the articles are wrong or poorly written – but because many people ( even those who may agree with parts of the content ) do n't wish to be associated ( for fear of the very real social consequences ) with white nationalism , or as Vox Day calls those people .
But then look at major media properties like Vox.com ( not to be confused with Vox Day ) , Medium.com , and FireThirtyEight – and then smaller sites such as WaitButWhy , SlateStarCodex , and MeltingAsphalt . All the asupervisorstioned sites were launched between 2013-2014 and have seen explosive growth as ‘ old media ' ( CNN , Fox News , MSN , etc . ) has stagnated :
The articles on the asupervisorstioned sites almost always go massively viral , being shared thousands of times on Facebook and being up-vote hundreds or even thousands of times on social news sites like Reddit and Hacker News . This viralness produces hundreds of thousands – even millions – of page views for these sites , as consumers are exposed to ( and share ) their content . The reason why these sites and articles always go viral has to do with how internet journalism has changed since 2013 , as I explain in Intellect The Universal Solvent , with the trend in internet journalism and social media favoring intellectualism and nuance over chest-pounding partisanship and demagoguery :
Scott 's success is also symptomatic or emblematic of a tectonic shift in online media and journalism from sensationalism and partisanship that was characteristic the pre-2013 era , to post-2013 era of centrism , ‘ long form ' journalism , and rationalism , filling an insatiable demand by millions of smart , young people , especially since 2013 , for the unvarnished , unmolested truth instead of pleasantries wrapped in a pretty bow of political correctness . But at the same time , millennials have also become impervious to sales pitches , hype , and demagoguery .
Pre-2013 :
- Strongly partisan opinion pieces about culture war issues ( Ann Coulter , Paul Krugman , etc . )
- Short length ( 300-500 words or so )
- No data visualizations , sparse data , mostly anecdotal and emotional
- Authoritative writing tone
- Reads like a rant
- Tends to be predictable
- Small grainy images or none at all
- Small Times New Roman font
Post-2013 :
- Open-ended writing style to convey open mindedness but at the same time nudging ( not pushing ) the reader to your conclusion
- Anecdotal evidence and introspectiveness leads the article , which transitions to data visualizations and lots of contextual links and sources , and ends with footnotes and endnotes
- Long-form content ( the longer the better )
- ‘ Shared narratives ' , less culture wars
- Overall , it reads as if were written by someone worldly and intelligent , almost as if it were written by a scientist or a programmer ( with an added bonus if the author is a scientist ) , instead of just another journalist or pundit who graduated from no-name-U with a degree in journalism
- Tends to be contrarian , defy political labels
- Those huge mural images you see on the headers of many blogs
- Large web 2.0 fonts such as Ariel
The former is still popular , but in terms of getting monster page views and viralness , the latter is winning hands-down . Look at Vox…launched in early 2014 , now one of the biggest and most influential ‘ news ' sites out right now , if not the biggest . What Vox did was abandon the old , pre-2013 style of journalism ( dry expository articles , terse articles , AP-news regurgitation , shrill partisan rants ) and instead : use of data visualizations , graphics ( such as charts ) , cartoons , long-form , extensive hyperlinking , extensive data and facts , and a conversational writing tone , to appeal to a hipper , savvier demographic ( and in anticipation of changing sentiment and reader tastes , as explained in Solvent ) , and this strategy paid off big , as virtually all Vox articles go hugely viral . WaitButWhy is another example…again , lots of data , and of course the cartoons . Also the ‘ shared narratives ‘ pop up in both sites , instead of politics and ‘ culture war ' stuff . But most importantly , for stuff to go viral in a post-2013 era and be read by millions , it has to be smart ( data visualizations , introspectiveness , shared narratives , nuance , etc. ) . But second , it has to avoid the problem of guilt by association , the latter which plagues a lot of the alt-right and sites like Daily Stormer .
Another example , and how this could apply to the alt-right , is many months ago an article went hugely viral on Reddit that used data visualizations to show how women tend to major in low-IQ subjects . Given that the article received thousands of up-votes on a default sub , it easily hit the front page , where it stayed presumably for half a day , at least . The traffic must have been immense . For example , I had an article about fake Amazon Book Reviews go viral on r/books ( a default sub ) , which lead to 50,000 unique page views that day before the mods ignominiously deleted it . But it only had 200 up-votes and was only up for six hours , a far cry from thousands of votes , and yet it still generated a ton of traffic , so I can imagine that for the other article it must have been a million unique views ( which is probably more traffic than 99 % of alt-right blogs combined ) . The use of nuance and data visualizations ( post-2013 style ) , as well as the site being non-political , is what allowed the article to go so viral , exposing millions to HBD that would have otherwise remained oblivious or misinformed . Had Daily Stormer written that exact same article it would have never gone so viral , because of the association with white supremacy . Nor if National Review had written it ( because National Review is seen as too partisan and is full of journalist hacks , not scientists ) .
A common misconception is that political correctness prevents certain content from going viral , and perhaps there is some truth to that , but I think guilt by association is more problematic than censorship due to political correctness . The fact that the article about gender , IQ , and college majors went so viral is evidence there is huge demand and open-mindedness for politically incorrect information , but it needs to be presented correctly , in a palatable form , to have the maximum effect .
Now imagine a right-wing version of Vox , Medium , SlateStarCodex , or WaitButWhy and how effective that would be . The AEI is sorta like that ( with its Charles Murray articles ) but they tend to focus too much on politics ( very little HBD ) , too partisan ( Charles Murray , although they do good work , has too much baggage ) , and there are no data visualizations . So why do n't I do it ? Maybe I already am . You 'll never know . That 's the point…it is supposed to be subversive , but importantly , not involve ‘ big names ' with baggage , partisanship , opinions , and egos – just let the data speak for itself .
2013 's going to be a busy year for game development studio CyberConnect2 . Not only are they working on the finishing touches for Naruto Shippuuden : Ultimate Ninja Storm 3 ( March 2013 ) , they 've also been concurrently working on JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure All-Star Battle ( PS3 ) , as well as GREE smartphone action game Night Runner ( Working Title ) and additional contents for its other smartphone title , Guilty Dragon .
And that 's not all . The Fukuoka-based developer has apparently got pretty big plans for 2013 .
In a New Year 's message YouTube video that just went live today , CyberConnect2 CEO Hiroshi Matsuyama teased that the game developer plans to unveil three more unannounced titles later this year in 2013 .
Matsuyama-san described these three new titles as “ original new works ” ( オリジナル新作 ) , which is Japanese-game-industry speak for “ brand-new IP ” . So I suppose that means right off the bat we can cross out Asura 's Wrath 2 and anything .hack related from our list , huh ?
( No , wait , Matsuyama did not say that these three games will be the only new titles they 'd be announcing in 2013 , after all . )
Since the video 's meant as a New Year 's message , Matsuyama decides to close off by doing a kakizome calligraphy , writing out one of their favourite character quotes from Takahiro Ozawa and Asako Seo 's manga series Giga Tokyo Toybox : “ Besides my hopes and dreams , the other weapons I 'm armed with include diligence ! And guts ! ”
Giga Tokyo Toybox , a sequel to Tokyo Toybox ( also by Ozawa and Seo ) , is about a group of young protagonists chasing their dreams and coping with the struggles of working in the video games industry . When the manga series developed from Tokyo Toybox into Giga Tokyo Toybox , several new regular characters were added to the story . One of those characters added was Momo Momota , whom the character quote Matsuyama wrote out belongs to .
“ Momo Momota is a female protagonist who 's a newcomer to the video games industry . As she 's a newcomer , they do n't really have much of anything apart from their hopes and dreams . So when they needed to draw from a source of strength to embrace the challenges ahead , they realise that the only weapons she 's armed with are diligence and guts . And that 's how their story begins in Volume 1 , ” Matsuyama explains .
This is something Matsuyama says that they can relate to , especially in recent years , during which the games industry has undergone numerous changes that presented various new difficulties . For instance , console games are getting harder and harder to make ( due to production costs , etc ) and so people often question what 's going to happen to the future of the console games business .
“ Well , something like that [ difficulties a developer faces when making a console game , the future of console gaming being questioned ] , actually that 's been a part of the video games industry all along since the very beginning . The path towards creating a product is n't always smooth-sailing , and it 's not always fun and games . Naturally there are tough battles to overcome too . ”
“ But it 's just like what the main protagonist of Giga Tokyo Toybox Taiyou Tenkawa says : ‘ this line of work is tough , but it 's also a lot of fun ' . I feel that he 's absolutely right , and that , especially in light of today 's challenges in the games industry , we as developers need to meet them with diligence and guts . Well , it 's been like that in the past too , but now more than ever , we need to re-examine the meaning of those words [ even though CyberConnect2 are no longer newcomers to the industry ] . ”
Matsuyama , who 's a big fan of the manga series , says that in the story there is a scene where the character quote is taken one step further : you start with “ hopes and dreams ” , arm yourself with “ diligence and guts ” , and then after that , you stand your ground and brace yourself for the harsh impact ( 踏ん張り ) . It 's a scene that Matsuyama says is a tear-jerker , and they recommend that gamers check out the manga – pretty much everyone in CyberConnect2 is a fan of the series .
Source : Excite News
Leave a comment
12 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
Charles Harden shared this post via CopBlock.org 's submit page .
A local police department responded “ Rambo ” style to an anonymous 911 service call where the caller did not assert a crime but , rather a suspicious person in the parking structure of a large mall . Five officers were dispatched to the scene and were informed that the person of interest was intoxicated . The police officers administered a DUI investigation that lasted 45 to 50 minutes and resulted in ZERO evidence of impairment after eight sobriety tests and blood analysis . The police continued with the DUI investigation despite having on-scene evidence that clearly showed the person of interest was not impaired .
At the mall and in the parking structure , my lifetime partner of twenty three years was parked in a slot preparing to enter their place of employment . A mall security guard blindly approached their vehicle and reached into their car and removed the keys from the ignition ( engine running ) . The security guard immediately accused them of drinking and driving and told them that the police would soon arrive .
Five city police officers arrived on scene . The mall security guard communicated to the officers that my partner was “ drunk ” and demanded a sobriety check .
Eight individual sobriety tests were administered , not including a blood draw that occurred later at the hospital . The on-scene breath test resulted in a 0.00 BAC reading . The HGN test also showed no signs of impairment . Still not convinced of my partner 's sobriety , the security guard prodded the officers to continue with additional tests . The final test administered was a “ sharpened ” or “ modified ” version of the Romberg balance test ( leg stand with arms extended out , head tilted back with eyes closed , and finger to nose on command ) . My partner was given instructions for the test that included the warning , “ If you feel like you 're going to fall , let us know. ” While performing this test , my partner fell back , striking their head on the pavement and was gravely injured ( TBI ) .
They were transported from the scene to the hospital where they spent nine day in intensive care and was later diagnosed with an occipital skull fracture and bleeding in the brain . Toxicology analysis was negative for alcohol or drugs .
Several days later , the police reports were filed with the department . The police reports were riddled with inaccuracies , misrepresentations and outright fabrications . The officers went to great lengths to portray my partner as a suspect that displayed heavy signs of impairment during the investigation . One could argue that the officers operated in cover-up mode , particularly after my partner fell during their botched DUI investigation .
Tragically , my partner passed away recently while recovering from the brain injury they sustained on the day of the incident .
To make matters even worse , attorneys are reluctant to take cases involving law enforcement unless it is a clear-cut case of police brutality . In my view , this is a terrible injustice…
Charles Harden
12 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
Police have charged a 42-year-old man after seizing about 19 grams of the deadly drug furanylfentanyl in Ottawa 's east end — enough to kill tens of thousands of people . The charges come after the RCMP 's Ottawa detachment searched 731 Clearcrest Cres . in Orléans on Dec. 15 . The man was arrested and charged with importing a controlled substance and other drug-related offences .
View the location of the furanylfentanyl seizure on a map here .
The amount of furanylfentanyl seized is equivalent to somewhere between 21,000 and 38,000 lethal doses , as a dose of a quarter milligram can be fatal , said Sgt . Penny Hermann , a media relations officer with the RCMP . `` That 's not a lot , when you think about it , '' they said . Furanylfentanyl seizures mounting across Canada Furanylfentanyl is an analog of the deadly opioid fentanyl , which has been making headlines as overdose deaths in Canada continue to rise .
In November , Ontario 's Chief Coroner reported that fentanyl was linked to 165 deaths in the province in 2015 : almost a two-fold increase compared to the 86 deaths recorded in 2010 . On Friday , Vancouver police said that nine people had fatally overdosed on the drug in a single night .
Furanylfentanyl was also found in recent seizures in Calgary , London , Ont . and Yellowknife .
Hermann said furanylfentanyl can be more or less potent than fentanyl , depending on how evenly it is mixed .
`` You just do n't know what kind of level of toxicity you 're getting per dose , '' they said .
The bust was the result of a joint investigation by the RCMP and the Canada Border Services Agency .
`` This seizure demonstrates the effectiveness of a strong relationship with CBSA and also contributes to combating the national opioid crisis , '' said Insp . Paul Mellon , the officer in charge of the RCMP 's Ottawa detachment .
The investigation is still ongoing , and the RCMP could not yet say from where the drug was imported or how it made its way to Ottawa .
If you can get past the fact that these guys are trying so hard to be funny , but are n't . And if you can get past the fact that the music selection is not so much terrible , as it is terribly confusing . And if you can get past the fact that the ridiculous , exaggerated , and sarcastic flexing is actually none of those things . Then you can see that this is actually a cool concept .
After finishing a 12 week program , spending a day with some fellow meatheads jumping over fire and dead lifting boulders and shit would be a badass way to get some active rest . Two Scoops has made some modifications to the Man Fit workout to create a REAL manly workout .
Two Scoops ' Manliest Workout Program of All Time :
Morning cardio would be a warm-up swim in a near-freezing lake to put hair on your chest .
Breakfast would consist of funneling 20 uncooked egg whites through a gunpowder horn with a hole cut in the bottom .
Morning lift would include
10x12 Flaming Tree-Trunk Squat Presses .
3x10 Front Squats using a bamboo pole , fitted with a steel buckets filled with lead buckshot .
5x5 Lawnmowers . Although , instead of a standard dumbbell row , you actually pull a lawnmower cable . But this is not your normal , hand-push , suburban ¼ acre backyard pussy shit lawnmower , I 'm talking a full fucking John Deere tractor , the engine of which has been retrofitted for pull starts .
Lunch would consist of 2-3lbs Polar Bear Meat Tartar ( global warming has made Polar Bear meat extra tender ) and a coconut that has to be cracked open on your forehead and harvested with your fingernails .
Pre-Workout Shake : Start with a half gallon of alligator blood and blend in a potato sack full of whole coffee beans , 2-3 handfuls of raw peanuts , a shot of bull semen , and cocaine .
Afternoon lift would be chest and shoulders . Bench pressing park benches full of bikini models , Chainsaw Lateral Raises , and Rabid Wolverine Cable Flyes - where if you let the weight down for too long , the wolverines will fucking attack you .
Post Workout Shake : Chug a gallon of unpasteurized cow milk .
Then everybody takes a nap on a bed of nails before the evening 's activity : shirtless tug of war ( just homoerotic enough to fun ) .
If somebody makes this “ Man Fit ” gym , I 'll fucking join .
-Tony “ Two Scoops ” Muscoli
In somewhat unexpected news , San Miguel ( also known as Chaparrastique ) in El Salvador had an explosive eruption earlier today – with some impressive images showing up across the internet ( see above ) . Not a lot of details right now , but ash is falling on the towns around the volcano . It is hard to get a sense of scale from the images I 've seen thus far , but the eruption column looks to be at least several kilometers tall . [ UPDATE : It seems that the plume is being estimated at ~5 km / 16,000 feet . This would suggest to me a vulcanian explosion , but we wo n't know until the ash is examined to be juvenile ( new magma ) or accidental ( old rocks ) . ] The civil alert status for the area around the volcano was raised to yellow after the eruption occurred , suggesting that more explosions could follow . No word so far on any evacuations ( UPDATE : 5,000 have been ordered to evacuate from around the volcano ) .
This would be the first eruption from San Miguel since 2002 , when the volcano produced a small VEI 1 eruption . The last large eruption from the volcano came back in 1967 , at the end of decade of a number of VEI 2 eruptions from the volcano . The last time the volcano appear in the Global Volcanism Program 's weekly activity report was in 2011 , when increasing degassing was noticed . As with many Central American volcanoes , ash fall and pyroclastic flows are major hazards from San Miguel .
More details as they arrive ( and if this is n't enough , Etna has started a new paroxysm as well – check out the webcam . )
UPDATE 1:40 PM EST : Here are the flight restrictions from the Washington VAAC . They have the activity listed as an `` ongoing eruption '' and ash upwards of 9 km .
UPDATE 3:45 PM EST : The Aqua/MODIS pass today caught the eruption plume ( see below ) , but on the edge of the scene ( thus its choppy nature ) . Hopefully the folks at the NASA Earth Observatory will post a rectified image of the plume . UPDATE : I 've added a rectified image by Nahum Chazarra .
Nahum Chazarra .
UPDATE 4:45 PM EST : Below is the OMI sulfur dioxide plume from the San Miguel eruption ( hat tip to @ ejhughes1 ) . Also , check out the animated GIF of the eruption from GOES satellite images ( compiled by Nahum Chazarra ) .
Image : NOAA/NASA .
__UPDATE 6:15 PM EST : __The Salvadoran government had a webcam pointed at San Miguel and captured the eruption as it started today – check out the video .
IG There are a mind-numbing three million possible unique outcomes for your DS3
Better still , with cars like Citroen 's DS3 you can express your individuality however you want and make your car one in a million . We 're not joking . With 78 body and roof colour combinations , 10 decal options and numerous other ways to create your dream car , there are a mind-numbing three million possible unique outcomes for your DS3 – all this from a car that starts at less than £14,000 . No wonder style-obsessed Britons ca n't get enough of the little DS3 . We snap up more than 16,500 of them each year , buying even more than the French , but six years on it 's now time for a nip and tuck to keep the love affair alive . So what 's new ? Well , you wo n't find a single Citroen badge anywhere on the DS3 because it is now sold by the car-maker 's posh DS brand . You 'll notice a new nose that sports a pair of redesigned headlamps and the DS brand 's new chrome wing-effect grille , while at the rear just a pair of revised tail lights hint at the changes with not a single piece of sheet metal altered .
These latest updates see the current engine range continue , with the addition of a more powerful 130bhp version of the tiny 1.2-litre three-cylinder petrol that was already available with either 82 or 110bhp . For now , the flagship petrol is a 165bhp 1.6-litre turbo which can offer a near hot-hatch performance with a 0 to 60mph time of 7.5 seconds . There 's also a more powerful 210bhp version on the way as a permanent fixture to replace the previous limited edition DS3 Racing . That 's just as well as , despite the 1.6 's on-road punch , we 'd give it a miss and opt for the cheeky but less powerful 130bhp 1.2 turbo . That 's because the more powerful 1.6 is surprisingly jerky to drive . The throttle response is too sharp , as are its brakes , while the gearchanges on the six-speed manual are too notchy . The less powerful 130bhp 1.2-litre , meanwhile , is smoother , easier to drive and offers just enough performance to be nippy in town ( 0 to 60mph in 8.9 seconds ) and is far more economical to boot ( 62.8mpg versus 50.4mpg ) . Of the two 1.6-litre turbo-diesels , there 's a 100bhp and 120bhp on offer with 62.8mpg average fuel economy and emissions as low as 87g/km . On the road the 100bhp version was very likeable and turned out to be a pleasant match for the DS3 's more relaxed nature , offering plenty of performance low down in the range .
IG 16,500 DS3 's are sold every year in Britain
Ultimately though , when you reach your favourite road the DS is n't the best in its class . The Mini remains our pick for driving exhilaration but the DS can still be an entertaining companion and we 'd certainly choose it over the Fiat 500 . Ride comfort , or lack of it , also carries over from the old model . Even on modest 17-inch alloys too much of the road 's surface is transmitted into the cabin . That said , neither the Mini nor Fiat manage to offer the comfort levels of a bigger car , for that you 'll have to look at its more mainstream rivals like the Fiesta or Polo and , if you 're reading this , we 're betting you 've already ruled both of those out . Inside , it feels very much like business as usual in the DS3 – both good and bad . The interior colour combinations really do inject a sense of fun . The joy of specifying your very own little DS will be enough to win you over but the car itself is far from perfect .
IG Of the two 1.6-litre turbo-diesels , there 's a 100bhp and 120bhp on offer
The DS3 first went on sale back in 2010 and interior-wise it 's really looking its age . That “ new ” infotainment system , for example , is n't as quick or crystal clear as the best on the market . The little DS now comes with more supportive seats on the base models , boosting comfort and offering a more humane driving position . It also beats the Italian for quality inside , although there are still hard , unpleasant plastics that litter the cabin and show its age . Finding a decent driving position is tricky : you sit higher than expected , even with the seat on its lowest position . It 's also difficult to adjust the steering wheel into the optimum place but , that said , the end result is still far superior to the awkward driving position a Fiat 500 offers . A new 7-inch touchscreen infotainment takes pride of place on the dash and now incorporates both Apple 's CarPlay and Android Mirrorlink .
IG The little DS now comes with more supportive seats on the base models
You can continue your creative spree in the cabin with yet more choices , this time from seat upholsteries with high quality “ watch strap ” leather . The level of personalisation even extends to choosing what fabric to wrap your dash with . But what you might think tasteful may have your friends calling the fashion police . The refresh has also introduced autonomous emergency braking that applies the anchors in town ( up to 18mph ) if you had n't noticed the car in front stopping . Undoubtedly though , the Mini is the best all-rounder compared to rivals . It 's better to drive than either the Fiat or the DS , has a great interior and decent range of engines but , as the old saying goes , you get what you pay for and at £3,000 more than both its Italian and French rivals , it may be too much . That 's why if you 're looking for a fun , stylish hatchback the DS3 remains your best bet .
Smartwatches seem like all the rage right now , and I am extremely excited about the future of them and wearable computing in general . I have spent about a year using the Motorola MOTOACTV , and it has become almost as close to me as my phone . My primary use case for the device is that of a fitness tracking device , but what I really wanted to do was explore the possibilities regarding how such a watch should work .
The key advantage that the smartwatch platform brings is giving developers the capability to add another key element to the experience their mobile apps provide . I personally see the platform as being capable of providing most of the advantages of Google Glass , with significantly less intrusion .
While they have been around for a couple of years , I believe that the reason we 're seeing so much interest around the topic is that , finally , we seem to have the right set of software and hardware features available to create a truly exciting device . We still have n't seen one that checks all the right boxes ( I was disappointed with Sony 's latest effort ) .
What are the key factors to me for the first “ successful ” smartwatch ?
Physical Buttons
This might seem a little strange as the first thing on my list , but in my experience with the Motoactv , I have often found that the hardware keys are central to many aspects of the UX . A touchscreen should be there , of course , but several of the “ key functionalities ” should be controllable by physical keys .
The Motoactv gets this perfectly , with a single button-press required to start music playback , controlling the music via the volume up and down keys , and also launching the fitness tracking app with another dedicated button . It also switches on the screen if you shake your wrist , which is an extremely natural gesture for long-time watch-wearers .
In a consumer-version of the device , however , I believe the fitness button should be replaced by one that quickly takes the user straight to the notifications , or better yet…
Voice Controls
As you can imagine , the worst part of a smartwatch is using it for any kind of input . While developers should focus on building some kind of bridge between the watch and their mobile app , so that the mobile app basically configures their watch app for things such as logging in and settings , a true smart device will need the user to interact with it often .
A button press or some other quick gesture should be the equivalent of nodding your head with Google Glass before saying “ Ok Glass , … ” . In fact , if Google were to release a smartwatch , I would be very , very surprised if voice interaction nearly identical to what we 've seen so far in Glass does n't make it to the watch .
Ability to swap straps like any other watch
A watch , regardless of how much additional functionality it contains , will always be an important accessory in the user 's wardrobe . Smartwatches already struggle with limitations as to what the watch itself can look like , since where a designer of a normal watch would work hard at designing a dial , all they can really do is put a screen .
However , they do n't look… . bad . On more than a few occasions I 've been complimented by others for the Motoactv , and these are people who did n't know it was anything more than another watch before they said what they did .
This might feel like asking for too much , considering how important add-on accessories have become as a revenue source . But for mainstream popularity , a smartwatch can no longer take the Motoactv route , which can only be attached to a their black strap . It works , and the strap is of pretty good quality , but I 'm certain a lot of people would n't mind keeping a couple of extra-color bands with them .
Vibrator
The omission that I missed the most on the Motoactv was that of a vibrator , so that the watch could notify me whenever I got calls , texts , etc . With no speaker either , it meant that I was reliant on my phone for being alerted to notifications . You can make do without it , but you really should n't have to .
Colored screen
I really had to debate with myself about this one , and I 'm still not certain about which way to go : a colored screen that offers poorer visibility and battery life , but , well , colors , or E-ink ? While a lot of people would lean towards the latter , my belief is that the colored screen , even with the shorter battery life , would win over more of the general populace .
I can easily get through three days with my Motoactv , if not more , so I do n't personally see it as a major problem . That also gives me greater freedom when it comes to designing custom dial for the watch , something I have enjoyed to quite a degree with the Motoactv . The only usability loss that I see is that the screen can not always be on like it is for the Pebble , which uses E-ink . I am personally fine with the shake-to-wake gesture , so it 's a sacrifice I 'm ready to make .
After the fall of Byzantium , Georgia was broken into several kingdoms and was encircled by hostile Muslim powers and weakened by constant invasions and internal conflicts . Consequently , in the 16th-17th centuries Georgia was no longer a cultural meeting ground for east and west , but became a country squeezed between the difficult conditions of rivalry between Turkey and Persia for domination over Transcaucasia . The King of East Georgia , Teimuraz I , sent Niceforo Irbach to Italy and Spain as the Georgian envoy to seek allies and to ask for assistance in holding off the Turks and Persians . The ambassadorial mission did not have much political success , but it did bring about a significant cultural event – the printing of the first Georgian book .
During their stay at the Vatican , Niceforo Irbach collaborated with Catholic scholars and missionaries to produce a Georgian-Italian vocabulary , as well as a brief collection of prayers in colloquial Georgian .
The first Georgian books were published by the Propaganda Fide Press of the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith which was established in Rome in 1622 for the purpose of spreading Catholicism in non-Catholic countries .
Georgia adopted Christianity in the very early centuries and the resulting Georgian Orthodox Church , founded in the fourth century AD , has been in communion with the Eastern Christian Churches but has never been subject to the authority of the Roman Catholic Church .
A general idea of the political situation in Italy at that time and the status and purpose of the Vatican agencies happened to be of direct relevance to the activities of the Georgian king 's envoy during their stay in Rome . The newly-established Catholic missions required manuals of the foreign language and devotional texts for their operations .
In 1629 the Congregation managed to cast Georgian type in moulds and to issue a ‘ Georgian alphabet with prayers ' that was followed by the publication of the ‘ Georgian-Italian Dictionary ' .
Achille Venerio , a member of the ‘ Propaganda Fide ' , sent the printed dictionary with its Georgian alphabet to Pope Urban VIII along with a ‘ Dedication ' in which they described Georgian letters as ‘ very refined and beautiful . '
The title-page of Irbach 's Georgian-Italian Dictionary
The missionaries were taught Georgian by Niceforo Irbach , who was responsible for the Georgian version of these present works . They accordingly provided a relatively easy first attempt at translation between the two languages .
Alphabetum ibericum , sive georgianum : cum Oratione [ Iberian or Georgian alphabet with prayers ] ( Shelfmark 621.b.4 . ( 12 . ) ) is one of the first of two books printed in Georgian using moveable type . The book includes a table with the Georgian alphabet and the sounds signified by its letters and their Latin equivalents . The text begins with the thirty-six letters of the Iberian or Georgian alphabet , presented in four columns - formation , name ( in both alphabets ) and force . Some letters have additional italic comments at the side , referring to and giving the same phoneme in other languages including Arabic , Hebrew and Greek , entailing the use of type in 5 completely different alphabets on a single page . The second subsection explains the numerous ligatures when Georgian letters are combined . The third section exemplifies the use of Georgian by setting out the text of The Lord 's Prayer , Hail Mary , Nicene and Apostles ' Creeds , Corporal Works of Mercy , the Seven Sacraments , and the Ten Commandments , concluding with the Canticle of the Virgin Mary . The text is given in Georgian and titles are in both languages , Latin and Georgian .
A page of the alphabet with Roman transliteration from Alphabetum ibericum , sive georgianum
Dittionario giorgiano e italiano [ Georgian-Italian Dictionary ] ( shelfmark 70.a.4 . ) , compiled by Niceforo Irbach and the printer Stepano Paolini , contains 3,084 entries written in Georgian letters . The text is printed in three columns : Georgian words in the left column , Italian transliterations ( including stress ) in the middle column , and an explanation of the meaning of each word in Italian in the right column . The Georgian alphabet and the Latin equivalents of each of its letters appear on pages 1–2 .
The first page of the Dittionario giorgiano e italiano
Anna Chelidze , Curator Georgian Studies
Controversial Cleveland Municipal Court Judge Angela Stokes may be `` suffering from a mental illness that substantially impairs their ability to perform their duties as a judicial officer , '' a complaint filed by the Supreme Court of Ohio 's Office of Disciplinary Counsel concludes .
The complaint recommends to the Supreme Court of Ohio 's Board of Commissioners on Grievances and Discipline that Stokes be ordered to undergo a psychiatric examination .
The 49-page complaint states that Stokes abuses court resources , abuses lawyers and court staff and defendants who appear before them
The Plain Dealer has previously documented the same complaints about Stokes and written columns about her , including one that noted the Disciplinary Counsel was tracking them
The complaint does not force Stokes to step down . It represents the first step in the Ohio Supreme Court 's process of evaluating the judge for discipline . The report was first made public by 19 Action News Reporter Paul Orlousky .
The Cleveland Municipal Court notes in a statement that the Ohio Supreme Court is a long way from making a final decision on Stokes .
`` The full Board of Commissioners will hear the certified complaint and present its findings and recommendations , '' the statement reads . `` The Board 's findings and recommendations will be submitted to the justices of the Supreme Court , who may accept , modify or reject them . The Supreme Court 's judgment on these matters will be final and until the Supreme Court acts on the complaint , this office will have no further comment . ''
The complaint was prepared by Lakewood attorney Michael Murman , a special prosecutor to the Office of Disciplinary Counsel .
The complaint says that since Stokes took the bench in 1995 , they have consumed a disproportionate amount of the court 's human and material resources `` due to their inability to administer their docket in a timely manner , their lack of organization , and their unreasonable expectation that all court employees be at their beck and call . ''
Among the complaint 's findings : Stokes employed 21 different personal bailiffs at 27 different times since 1995 , a point made by the Plain Dealer in a 2009 story .
The report also accuses Stokes of prohibiting prosecutors , public defenders and private attorneys from asking questions about courtroom procedure . The complaint then details the stories of a half-dozen attorneys .
Stokes also treated defendants unfairly , the report says , noting that the judge reprimands , expels and places defendants in holding cells for minor infractions such as whispering .
About the call for a mental health evaluation , the complaint says Stokes ' behavior `` negatively impacted every component of the criminal justice system that has come into contact with . ''
Though Stokes , who is the daughter of former Cleveland Congressman Louis Stokes , has received poor ratings from bar associations and newspaper editorial boards , they have easily won re-elections .
This story was updated Oct. 22 to clarify that the document containing charges against Stokes is officially referred to by the Office of Disciplinary Counsel as a complaint , not a report .
Read this document on a mobile device »
& lt ; a href= '' https : //www.documentcloud.org/documents/807140/stokes-10-16-13.pdf '' & gt ; STOKES 10 16 13 ( PDF ) & lt ; /a & gt ; & lt ; br / & gt ; & lt ; a href= '' https : //www.documentcloud.org/documents/807140/stokes-10-16-13.txt '' & gt ; STOKES 10 16 13 ( Text ) & lt ; /a & gt ;
If you were interested in picking up 'White Noise 2 ' [ Steam ] from Milkstone Studios , you may want to hold off . It seems to be completely broken on any recent distribution.I checked in on it , purchased it myself as it looked and sounded really fun , but it just does n't work . The developers claim it works on Ubuntu 14.04 , but it seems not many are having any luck , especially since that 's two years old ( which in Linux updates , is a long damn time ) . You can see the bug report here So yeah , hold off on it for now . Will update you if/when they manage to get it working properly.When it works , I shall be playing it through a bit and giving it some thoughts . It has n't worked since release on Linux , so I ca n't really say anything about it at all right now.It is an Early Access title , so this is a reasonable time for issues such as this to happen . I am sure they will figure it out .
CALEXICO , Calif. ( AP )  A magnitude-4.9 earthquake rocked the northern Baja California region of Mexico near the U.S. border on Monday , just days after the region was hit by a magnitude-5.4 temblor , authorities said .
Monday 's quake , which occurred around 10:30 a.m. PT , was centered about 20 miles southeast of the border town of Mexicali at a depth of nearly 4 miles , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The epicenter was 23 miles south-southeast of the U.S. city of Calexico .
The magnitude was revised down from an initial magnitude of 5.1 .
There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries on the U.S. side , according to the Imperial County Sheriff 's Department and Calexico police .
The quake was felt in California in parts of San Diego , Imperial and Orange counties and as far away as Yuma , Ariz. , about 50 miles from Calexico , according to the USGS .
Early Saturday , the Mexicali area was shaken by a magnitude-5.4 quake that shut down factories and knocked out electricity for 400,000 people .
The latest temblor was likely an aftershock of the magnitude-5.4 event last week , said Julie Martinez , a geophysicist at the National Earthquake Information Center in Golden , Colo .
A swarm of smaller quakes , ranging from magnitudes 2.5 to 2.9 , preceded Monday 's temblor . At least five aftershocks were recorded including one registering a magnitude-3.6 , the USGS said .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Our friend Mark has this bumper sticker on their car . “ Honk If You Love Dying And Being Dead , ” it reads . It 's the kind of thing you either find deeply funny or not at all .
Here 's the thing about racing 10 days in the middle of the Chicago summer : It 's really hard . But not because it draws some of the better amateur racers in the country . ( It does . ) Not because most of the races are set on some of the most technical and challenging courses in the country . ( They are . ) Not because you have to race people who are good at racing bikes in oppressively hot and humid weather . ( You do . )
What makes it so hard is to wake up , make breakfast , eat , take a dump , get your race bag ready , put the bikes on the car , figure out where the course is , drive to the course , take the bikes off the car , find a place to set up camp for the day , get changed , take a dump , hydrate , warm up , pee , hydrate some more , figure out how your race will play out by watching the other fields race , try to eat something , take another dump , roll over to staging , fight to stage somewhere near the front , fail to stage somewhere near the front , spend most of the race fighting to stay in contact , spend the final third of the race trying to justify whatever place you 're about to settle for , spend the next 20 minutes post race staring off into space trying to ingest as much liquid as possible , spend the next hour cramming as much food into your gut as possible , get changed , watch your friends race , pack up your stuff , throw away garbage , put the bikes back on the car , figure out what you 're going to do for dinner , get home , do laundry , try to unwind and go to sleep .
Stanford 's Phillips a top candidate for Pac-12 Defensive Player of Year
Temperatures are expected to be in the 30s with snow or freezing showers Saturday afternoon for Stanford 's game at Washington State . And the Cardinal 's top defensive player admits he 's “ a baby ” in cold weather .
Defensive tackle Harrison Phillips ' team at Millard West High School in Omaha played some playoff games in bitter cold and snowy weather . In practice , they said , they used to bundle up with extra sweatshirts .
Do n't be alarmed , Stanford fans . They may not like the cold , but they are n't nicknamed “ Horrible Harry ” for nothing .
The 6-foot-4 , 295-pound redshirt junior is one of the leading candidates for Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year . In fact , their main competition may be Washington State lineman Hercules Mata'afa , who has 13 tackles for loss and 6.5 sacks .
“ He 's a smaller lineman , but they use that speed and initial burst off the line of scrimmage to be as disruptive as they can , ” Phillips said of the 6-2 , 252-pound Mata'afa . “ I 'm excited to see how our offensive line can handle him . ”
Phillips leads the Cardinal in tackles with 61 , tackles for loss ( 7.5 ) , sacks ( four ) and quarterback hurries ( five ) . In their most recent game , at Oregon State , they saved Stanford 's bacon by forcing and recovering a fumble in the closing minutes , allowing the Cardinal to wrest a 15-14 win out of what looked like a sure defeat .
Harrison Phillips leads Stanford in tackles and sacks , including this one of Oregon 's Taylor Alie on Oct. 14 . Harrison Phillips leads Stanford in tackles and sacks , including this one of Oregon 's Taylor Alie on Oct. 14 . Photo : D. Ross Cameron , Associated Press Photo : D. Ross Cameron , Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Stanford 's Phillips a top candidate for Pac-12 Defensive Player of Year 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
In a September game against UCLA , they also came up with a game-changing play . They blocked a chip-shot field-goal attempt in the second quarter , and Stanford rode the momentum of that play to score the next 17 points and go on to a 58-34 win . The Cardinal have n't lost since .
Buoyed by the UCLA win , “ we realized we still are the top dog and the Pac-12 title game is still ours to go get , ” they said . “ We got that hunger back again , and it has n't left . ”
Opponents frequently double-team Phillips . Sometimes they resort to other means . They estimate he 's been held or given some other illegal treatment on a quarter of the snaps in a game . Of course , many defensive linemen probably would say the same thing .
A two-time Nebraska state wrestling champion in high school , they have said the experience greatly influenced their success in football . Stanford head coach David Shaw agrees the sport emphasizes physical and mental sharpness .
“ There 's a grit to wrestling that 's inescapable , ” they said . “ You ca n't be a good wrestler if you do n't have it because it 's just you ( competing ) . There 's no relaxing in a wrestling match . ”
Stanford 's defense will have its work cut out for it in the Palouse , even though the Cougars , once ranked No . 8 in the country , have lost two of their past three games , including a 37-3 loss to Cal .
The Cardinal defense wo n't have starting cornerback Alijah Holder , out for the season because of an apparent knee injury suffered against Oregon State . “ That 's a huge hit , ” Phillips said . They called Holder a potential first-round NFL draft pick and “ our security blanket ” for their proclivity for big plays .
Phillips has had a major impact at Stanford on and off the field . Besides getting ready to graduate with a double major in sociology and science , technology and society , he 's involved in a wide range of community service projects .
In an autobiographical piece they wrote for the school 's athletic website , they said , “ With the platform I have as a Stanford football player , there are endless possibilities in the lives I can touch , and that 's what I really want to do , to bring joy to people 's lives who may be struggling or need somebody to lean on . ”
Tom FitzGerald is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : tfitzgerald @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ tomgfitzgerald
Winterfox , TSM , and Without a Roof are the three North American teams advancing to the MLG Americas Minor following successful campaigns during the online North America qualifier .
Approximately 128 teams dueled it out in the preliminary bracket of the North America qualifier ( which was hosted by CEVO ) in the hopes of making it to the Championship bracket , to which eight teams had already been invited .
The championship bracket thus opened with 16 teams playing double elimination games ( best-of-three upper bracket and best-of-one lower bracket ) and some early and notable dropouts included Sean `` seang @ res '' Gares 's Echo Fox squad ( losing to Detonate in the round-of-eight and then Mostly Homeless in the lower bracket ) as well as compLexity , who forfeited both of their games due to travelling players .
anger powered Winterfox to a Minor qualification
The first team to taste success and qualification for the MLG Americas Minor were Winterfox , who triumphed 2-0 over Detonate in the upper bracket semifinal ( 16-5 on Overpass and 16-13 on Mirage ) and thus booked a trip to the Minor ( the Winterfox organisation 's second Americas Minor attendance to date ) .
MLG Regional Minor North America Qualifier Best of 3 Detonate Matchpage 0 2 Winterfox 5 Overpass 16 13 Mirage 16
The next team to qualify for the Americas Minor were TSM , a Canadian-American team including the likes of Kory `` SEMPHIS '' Friesen and Pujan `` FNS '' Mehta as well as up-and-coming youngsters such as Russel `` Twistzz '' Van Dulken and Hunter `` SicK '' Mims .
With the team having recently settled in to a team house in the Las Vegas area , their upper bracket semifinal against Prospects went through without a hitch , as TSM won Cobblestone 16-12 and Mirage 16-3 .
MLG Regional Minor North America Qualifier Best of 3 TSM Matchpage 2 0 Prospects 16 Cobblestone 12 16 Mirage 3
The final qualification game was round five of the lower bracket and it was a best-of-one match between Without a Roof ( the ECS League team who were previously known as Obey.Alliance and who have recently been including the antediluvian Kyle `` OCEAN '' O'Brien themselves as an unofficial fifth ) and the lesser known RivaL team .
The game on Mirage was ultimately something of a breeze as Terry `` dsr '' Rioux and their teammates took down RivaL 16-10 and became the final team to qualify for the Americas Minor .
MLG Regional Minor North America Qualifier Best of 1 RivaL Matchpage 10 16 Without a Roof 10 Mirage 16
The list for the MLG Americas Minor is now complete and looks as follows :
As with other Minors , these eight teams will head to the MLG Arena in Columbus , Ohio from May 19-22 to fight over $ 50,000 and two spots to the ESL One Cologne 2016 Major qualifier .
stich writes for HLTV.org and can be found on Twitter
I 've mentioned Squirrel Girl on this blog before ( she made my Top Five list of Marvel Comics Women , after all ! ) , but some of you might not know where she 's coming from ? Well , I 'll tell you .
Squirrel Girl -- or Doreen Green , as their real name is -- is the example of how an Internet fanbase might shape the development of mainstream comics these days . She 's a merry mutant from the not-so-merry-at-least-not-these-post-One-M ore-Day-days world of Marvel Comics , who has the proportionate power of a squirrel ... in other words , she 's strong , fast and agile , can climb almost any vertical surface , chew through hard wood ( check out their buck teeth ! ) , and they can communicate with squirrels . She 's cute , cheerful , helpful and a bit of a wide-eyed innocent in an increasingly cynical world .
She 's not the most famous Mavel character out there , but thanks to a Chuck Norris-type Internet meme status , she 's been gaining quite a fanbase as of late , and is , in fact , the single most dangerous opponent in the Marvel Universe . Do n't believe me ? Keep reading .
Squirrel Girl made their debut in a one-shot Iron Man story back in the 'nineties , a silly and obscure story where they showed up out of nowhere , tried to become Iron Man 's sidekick and ended up defeating Big Bad Doctor Doom by having tons of squirrels attack him . As Iron Man put it , it was probably Doc Doom 's most humiliating defeat to date .
And this might have been the end of their story . This was the 'nineties , after all , when violent psycopath anti-heroes like Venom and the Punisher ruled the roster and any Marvel hero who did n't kill , maim and torture ( or happened to be Spider-Man or on an X-team ) was doomed to C-list status , poor sales and endless ridicule by even more ridiculous fanboys . For years , that single story was Squirrel Girl 's only appearance ... and paradoxally enough , that is probably the reason for their current star status . Because their story was so ridiculous and obscure , nobody ever bothered to retcon it . You see , Doctor Doom has all these robots who look and act exactly like him , which is a writer 's cheat in order to make them seem more formidable despite constant defeats . The big bad supervillain suffered a particularly humiliating defeat ? Oh , that was n't really the big bad supervillain at all , just a robot who looked like him .
But nobody remembered Squirrel Girl 's story , nobody retconned it , and so that humiliating defeat was never revealed to be anything other than Doom himself . Fast forward a few years , and the dawning of the Internet fanbase , when scans from the story began going around on fan pages , pointing out the ridiculous-looking girl who had defeated Doctor Doom once . Voila , a new Internet meme had been born : Squirrel Girl is awesome .
This sudden Internet fame was what made Marvel dig the nut-loving mutant out of their archives again , and they began by appearing in the parodic mini-series GLA Disassembled , a black comedy about the Great Lakes Avengers , a band of `` joke '' superheroes trying to gain fame and respect . Since Squirrel Girl , the newest and youngest addition to the team , was by far the most upbeat and cheerful character , writer Dan Slott used them to make satiric comments on the `` darker and edgier '' trend of comics today ; Once every issue , in a special intro page , Squirrel Girl would jokingly address the reader about the contents of the issue with a `` Do n't try this at home , kids ! '' tone , and making observations about hos gruesome the world of Marvel had become in later decades .
Seemed like a lot of people found Squirrel Girl a breath of fresh air , and so they went on to appear with the team in a few more one-shots and cameo appearances , when their Internet meme status kicked in and they subsequently began defeating more and more powerful opponents that they logically would n't have a chance against -- all done in a jokey , tongue-in-cheek style that acknowledged how ridiculous it all was .
And so , this is where we find Squirrel Girl today , as Marvel 's official Lethal Joke Character . ( Deadpool does n't count ; he 's an assassin in-universe . ) At the time of writing , they have become a recurring supporting character in the New Avengers series , where they have been hired as a nanny for Luke Cage 's and Jessica Jones ' baby girl , Danielle . And , well , this makes sense -- after all , when a baby is so much at risk of kidnapping and targeting for supervillains , who do you hire but the one person who can defeat every bad guy you can throw at her ?
Uh-huh .
HOUSTON- A man was taken off a United flight headed to Houston after making racist remarks towards passengers on Saturday .
According to United Airlines , the incident happened on Flight 1118 as passengers were boarding and a man asked a couple if they had a bomb in their bag .
The flight was from Chicago ( ORD ) to Houston ( IAH ) ,
A passenger on the flight , recorded the aftermath of the incident on their phone .
They boarded the plane with their boyfriend . The man in the video and a young woman were already seated in the row ahead of them .
According to the passenger , a Pakistani man and woman dressed in their traditional cultural attire were placing their bags in the overhead bin located two rows ahead of them when the man in the video asked a question .
They said they asked them , `` That 's not a bomb in your bag , is it ? '' The couple did n't hear the comment at first , so they repeated the question .
The remark caused a woman sitting next to them to leave their seat and speak with a flight attendant . Other passengers also told flight attendants they were uncomfortable by the remarks .
They said they along with their boyfriend approached the flight attendants as well .
`` The person ahead us turned around and asked where my boyfriend was from ; my boyfriend said it 's none of your business , '' they said . `` At that point they said all illegals and all foreigners and need to leave the country . ''
They said their boyfriend is of Indian descent .
Flight attendants eventually told the man that they had to get off the plane .
The passenger who recorded the video said passengers on the plane were cheering as they and the young woman were escorted off the flight .
In an effort to speed up bag drops for priority customers , Delta Air Lines will be testing facial recognition technology at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport starting this summer . Customers will be required to scan their passports at specially equipped kiosks , where a camera will scan their face to confirm their identity .
Four new self-service bag drop kiosks are being installed in Minneapolis , but only one will include the facial recognition software . Delta will be collecting customer feedback during the process to gauge how it will expand the service to other airports in the future , a spokesperson said . Delta is spending $ 600,000 on the new machines .
The announcement comes as the US government has been reshaping its security processes around the use of more facial recognition
The announcement comes as the US government has been reshaping its security processes around the use of more facial recognition . Customs and Border Protection is registering visitors leaving the US using facial recognition , and it 's mulling over making facial scans necessary for US citizens as well .
CBP began testing facial recognition systems at Dulles Airport in 2015 , then expanded the tests to New York 's JFK Airport last year . Face-reading check-in kiosks will be appearing at Ottawa International Airport this spring , and British Airways is rolling out a similar system at London 's Heathrow Airport , comparing faces captured at security screenings with a separate capture at the boarding gate .
But while those face-scanning initiatives are being used for security purposes , airlines like Delta also see a customer service opportunity as well . And as more people become more comfortable ( or at least tolerant ) with the idea that privacy does n't carry much weight at US airports , the use of these types of scanning processes is likely to grow more frequent .
Delta insists that privacy will be protected and that its self-service bag drops wo n't collect anyone 's information or retain any images of their faces . Still , privacy experts warn that government agencies ( and now private airlines ) run risks when using this technology , especially if it 's found that they are cross-checking facial images with law enforcement databases without permission .
Delta says its only interest is speeding up the check-in process for customers , while also freeing up gate agents to deal with more important situations . “ We expect this investment and new process to save customers time , ” said Gareth Joyce , Delta 's senior VP for airport customer service and cargo , in a statement . “ And , since customers can operate the biometric-based bag drop machine independently , we see a future where Delta agents will be freed up to seek out travelers and deliver more proactive and thoughtful customer service . ”
Recently Microsoft announced Halo Online , an online multiplayer only F2P FPS . The closed beta was announced exclusively for the Russian marketplace however , so given we game on PC , one of the things that happens on PC , happened ; mods . Chiefly mods that allowed gamers to bypass said Russian region lock .
Now news arrives that the modders behind such region bypassing solutions are apparently on the receiving end of DMCA takedowns from Microsoft 's legal representatives . The custom launcher that was allowing players to bypass the region lock , ElDorito ( an apparent parody name of the official client , ElDorado ) has now been pulled down from Github .
Currently it seems Microsoft has no intention of expanding the regions Halo Online is available in , thus I doubt modders will cease searching for new ways around region locks like this one . So while Halo Online is designed for the Russian marketplace specifically , maybe Microsoft should think of a solution that satiates the demands in Western markets for Halo on PC ? Western PC gamers want Halo Online not because it 's the newest and greatest but because it 's the only attention the franchise has received on PC in years ( sans Spartan Assault , the top-down twinstick shooter ) . The game itself is runs on a heavily modified version of Halo 3 's engine , to suit the needs of developing markets and the lower end PCs users own in those markets .
So why not give PC gamers the mainline entries in the Halo franchise on PC Microsoft ? Then fewer in the US , Europe or other developed markets will want to play your F2P Russian entry .
Just a thought .
It 's unclear what Mr. Jaswant Singh is trying to say with their piece `` India 's Iraq problem '' ! It is true that `` Iraq seems to be falling apart '' , but it is not the case with India ! While Iraq 's border with `` with its turbulent western neighbor '' - Syria - blurs , it is not true that `` the tumult is now threatening to spread to two more nearby countries , Afghanistan and Pakistan '' .
The AfPak region has long been a hotbed of Islamic extremism . Yet America 's `` war on terror '' had killed several key figures of Al-Qaeda and its affiliates . Many of their fighters had left for Iraq during the US-led invasion in 2003 . A new group `` Al-Qaeda in Iraq '' was formed and its militants fought in Syria , when the civil war broke out . They returned to Iraq recently under the banner of ISIS .
Mr. Singh says : `` For India , the message is clear : its national security interests are at risk '' . They describe the insecurity in Afghanistan , as no new government been formed , due to electoral fraud and ethnic strife . The new president should sign the Bilateral Security Agreement with the US , in order to prevent Afghanistan from relapsing into insurgency . Mr. Singh fears also that Pakistan , India 's arch rival is once again embroiled in combating home-grown terrorism , after the brazen attacks on Karachi International Airport .
It 's true that the Sykes-Picot Agreement , which `` created a new map of the Middle East '' has now being rejected by ISIS , which has declared its own caliphate . Pashtun nationalists in Pakistan may be trying to erase the Radcliffe Line , which was announced in 1947 to mark the boundaries between India and Pakistan . But they are far from setting up their own `` Pashtunistan '' .
That `` Iraq has lost control over its border crossings with Syria '' had much Nouri al-Maliki 's incompetence and sectarian policies to thank for . Although India 's armed forces leave a lot to be desired , but they must have a better morale than Iraq 's . Just because India has `` 177 million Muslims , both Sunni and Shia '' , does n't necessarily mean that it would face similtar sectarian strife . Indeed , the Muslim population will be a litmus test for India 's ability to forge a peaceful coexistence .
Finally Mr. Singh believes the `` region needs a new security paradigm '' and urges India to `` take an active role in creating it '' . As China exerts influence on Afghanistan and Pakistan , they think Beijing 's policies there could reveal `` how China views its relations with India '' .
Mr. Singh seems to see India being marginalised in its relationship with China . On the one hand , it welcomes China `` to cooperate with India and others to forge a new structure of peace for the greater Middle East '' . On the other hand they fear that China may just focus on realpolitik and `` pursue small tactical advantages '' .
Donald Trump has promised to `` Make America Great Again '' by putting `` America First . ''
Though they were speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) , it must be said that they are no small-government conservative . In fact , their speech made clear that they represent the worst tendencies of conservative Republicans and liberal Democrats to limit our freedoms in the name of supposedly serving the greater good .
Trump is an economic protectionist and interventionist who wants to promote what they perceive are `` our values '' by building a wall to keep out immigrants , charging tariffs on imports , badgering U.S. companies to stay here , and making pipelines with only American steel . But all of that will only make everything cost more while reducing employment . They talk about bringing back manufacturing jobs , but they peaked as a percentage of the workforce in 1943 and are never coming back for a very good reason . Thanks to technological innovation , manufacturing output has doubled since the 1980s but with one-third fewer workers . Shutting down free trade or playing `` CEO in chief '' is n't going to change that .
At the heart of Trump 's confusion is their belief that putting America First means keeping the world at a distance .
But you can be a citizen of America and a citizen of the world . In fact , if you believe in political , economic , and cultural freedom , you must always hold such dual citizenship . There 's no more basic freedom than the right to live where you want and buy what you want . That 's not anti-America . That is America .
In different ways over the years , Republicans and Democrats have tried to control where we can live , who we can marry , what we can eat , drink , and smoke , and so much more . Trump represents not a release from such thinking but a shotgun marriage of that worst impulse in each party .
`` Where liberty dwells , there is my country , '' Ben Franklin is said to have written . In putting America First , Donald Trump will succeed only in leaving even more of us truly homeless .
Written by Nick Gillespie . Produced and edited by Meredith Bragg and Joshua Swain .
Subscribe to our YouTube channel .
Like us on Facebook .
Follow us on Twitter .
Subscribe to our podcast at iTunes .
The Church of England has pledged to fast for climate change action and pray for the Paris talks to succeed , urging the world 's 70 million Anglicans to take up the global warming fight .
The pledge by the powerful English General Synod , which leads the mother church for Anglicans worldwide , follows a similar push by the Catholic Church last month , when Pope Francis released a major encyclical that warned climate change has grave implications and fossil fuel technology must be replaced .
Justin Welby , Archbishop of Canterbury . Credit : Bloomberg
It comes as the Abbott government has come under fire for directing the Clean Energy Finance Corporation to stop investing in wind and small-scale solar projects , throwing doubt on its commitment to renewable energy .
There are an estimated 3.5 million Anglicans in Australia .
Turkish pilots who downed Russian jet part of coup plot : Official
ISTANBUL - Agence France-Presse
Two Turkish pilots who played a role in the downing of a Russian jet in November are in custody over the July 15 failed coup in Turkey , an official said late on June 18.The downing of the Russian fighter jet on the Syrian border sparked an unprecedented diplomatic crisis between Turkey and Russia , which ended last month when the two countries agreed to restore ties . `` Two pilots who were part of the operation to down the Russian Su-24 in November 2015 are in custody , '' a Turkish official told journalists , adding that they were detained over links to the coup bid.When asked about the issue , Justice Minister Bekir Bozdağ said there were reports of the pilots being detained but they were yet to be confirmed.Russian President Vladimir Putin called their Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on July 17 , describing the attempted coup as unacceptable and voicing hope for a speedy return to stability.The two men are expected to meet in the first week of August , in their first face-to-face meeting since the rapprochement.Turkey 's Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım said July 18 over 7,500 people have been detained over the July 15 botched power grab , including 103 generals and admirals.The failed putsch left more than 300 people dead . Erdoğan has accused U.S.-based scholar Fethullah Gülen and their supporters of being behind the coup , but Gülen denies any involvement .
Scores of workers lined up after a meeting in a party room on the third floor of Resorts World Casino in Queens on Wednesday afternoon to turn in the uniforms they had worn in the casino 's buffet restaurant and pick up their final paychecks .
On Monday , about 175 employees of the buffet restaurant in the slot-machine and electronic gambling casino in Ozone Park learned that the restaurant had been closed and that their jobs no longer existed . The casino had received plaudits when , in late October , a labor arbitrator issued a ruling that doubled the average pay of workers .
Several of the buffet workers said they had hoped a meeting on Wednesday between representatives from the New York Hotel Trades Council , the union that represents the workers , and officials from Genting Group , the Malaysian conglomerate that owns the behemoth gambling center , might result in other jobs at the casino .
“ Everything is done , ” said Mariano Cano , 45 , a server at the buffet for the past two years . “ They just threw us out like dogs . They just gave us a couple of dollars to shut up , and that 's it . ”
Cynical720
Posted in :
So this fucking idiot of a mother forced their 4 yr old son to chug a bottle of beer and also gave their 10 month old daughter cocaine . So far it looks like the kids are `` temporarily '' in child services hopefully on the way to a group home or foster family.According to police they were flagged down by a mother pissed off that their neighbor was feeding their kids beer on the playground . LOL Lets look at that again : Feeding their kids beer on the playground ! WOW ! Anywhoo .... When the police walked up to the residence they have seen an empty 40oz bottle of Steel Reserve with the baby next to it which had a dark liquid that smelled strongly like alcohol . When interviewed by social services the boy stated that they like `` Natural Ice beer , Budweiser beer , but did n't like the taste of Dog-Bite beer . '' Apparently the boy has been giving a bottle of beer everyday.Truth be told now that I 'm getting older I see more and more black 's doing shit like this . All the way from the way they dress with their skinny jeans and Van 's , to the so-called bubble gum Hip/Pop they now think is cool which you have to be fucking retarded to think is awesome . I have actually seen a video this guy made rapping about their EBT ( foodstamps ) card glorifying it as being fuckin baddass . Like they were coming up in the world ! I personally think the overall intelligence of the black community is dropping drastically with each and every new generation.Here 's the link to the post : http : //www.liveleak.com/view ? i=b50_1319503345
We 're all eyes and ears about the new cool gadgets The Next Web team is checking out at CES , but this is one gadget that did n't pop up in Las Vegas . Despite that fact , it still deserves some attention and recognition .
At a recent Google developers event in Tel Aviv , a proof of concept for a gadget that could change the way we communicate with the hearing impaired was demonstrated .
Three developers , Oleg Imanilov , Zvika Markfield , and Tomer Daniel , have come up with a glove that interprets sign language and turns it into text using a custom Android app .
The glove , which is still in its very early stages , would let someone who knows sign language speak in their native language while allowing someone to read the text version of what they 're saying on an Android app that it 's hooked up to . It 's a brilliant idea and the demonstration makes it seem like this product could have a future :
While the device is still being refined , perhaps the team should start a Kickstarter project to get more funding . I imagine that many people who have hearing impaired family and friends would love to be able to use this for communication purposes .
The gesture-sensing project for good is currently dubbed the “ Text Glove ” and uses an accelerometer , finger sensors , a gyroscope , and Lilypad Arduino to do its magic .
Conor McGregor stands to make somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 100 million for fighting Floyd Mayweather next month . After that massive payday , multiple times more than they could make in an MMA fight , many are asking why McGregor would ever come back to the UFC .
Ever since the fight with Mayweather was announced , though , McGregor 's team has been adamant that 's coming back to defend their UFC lightweight title and it could be in December . John Kavanagh , McGregor 's head coach , doubled down on that notion Monday on The MMA Hour with Ariel Helwani .
“ I do n't see any reason why they would not , ” Kavanagh said of McGregor returning to the UFC . “ Certainly money would not be the reason why they would not do MMA again . They have said very clearly to me , ‘ Get ready , we 're back in the cage in December . ' I hope someone out there has sparked the interest in them to make them excited about that . ”
Mayweather vs. McGregor , which takes place Aug. 26 in Las Vegas , is being promoted as “ The Money Fight. ” It 's obvious why . The fight will be one of the biggest pay-per-view events in history and it could generate something like $ 500 million in revenue , maybe more . Mayweather is the biggest drawing boxer ; McGregor is their counterpart in MMA .
But while the money is obviously a reason why this fight is happening , Kavanagh said it 's really about more than for McGregor .
“ It 's not money that 's motivating them anymore , ” Kavanagh said . “ He could very easily make similar money from doing some movies or doing endorsements . It 's the challenge . That 's why he 's in the gym laughing every day . If they left the gym now and stopped fighting , what would they do with their free time ? You can only sit in one car at a time , you can only have one meal at a time . Eventually you want to do something that 's enjoyable to you . And that would be Conor drifting back into the gym . It 's what 's enjoyable to him . ”
If that 's the case , then why would n't McGregor fight in MMA again ? He 's been the only two-weight concurrent champion in UFC history , but there is still history to be made . Still things no one else has done . Maybe McGregor would chase Tyron Woodley 's welterweight title . That trilogy fight with Nate Diaz is also out there and McGregor vs. Diaz is already one of the great rivalries in UFC annals .
Kavanagh said the incredible odds McGregor is facing against Mayweather — a 49-0 , legendary boxer — is what 's getting them into gloves every day . Not necessarily the windfall at the end of it .
“ The motivation for this fight was not money , though of course it 's nice to be well paid for what you do , ” Kavanagh said . “ It was the challenge . And to be told again it 's impossible to do what he 's saying clearly what they are about to do . ”
Disclaimer :
If you are reading this as first post of the blog you should know something : nothing is serious on this blog . No , not even this post . This is just for fun and mainly based of maybe-true-maybe-not stereotypes .
Some topics connect all the labs in the world : the hate for alumina columns , the crappy university food , the mysterious ghost that steal clean NMR tubes , and naturally “ are instruments male or female ? ”
It may be sounds a trivial question , but it is definitely not . After spending so much time working on a single instrument you start talking with him/her . Having a proper discussion with your instrument can make the difference between a successful or unsuccessful experiment . You need to talk with the instrument , understand him/her , hug the instrument , caress and comfort him/her . “ There there , do n't worry , here the new solvent my dear ”
So , are the instruments in your lab male or female ?
NMR :
Male : He 's usually huge , not only the physical part , but their ego is expanding well behind their metallic shield . Usually traffic cones or yellow tape are used for outline their impressive ego .
He 's mono-thematic , ask them to do a 1H or a 13C and there will be no problem , ask to go for a 31P or a 15N and then they need to change their mind , reflect a little bit and maybe , and only maybe , they will do it .
Female : They are still huge , but shiny and nice . Can destroy your credit cards in matter of seconds . Sometimes needs a lot of tuning foreplay before starting the measurement . It 's so hot you need liquid nitrogen to cool them down .
AFM :
Male : They have a tip . Repetitive movement of the tip . I 'm not going to add anything else here .
Female : They are oversensitive . No matters what , sooner or later they will go crazy for the minimum movement or sound you will do in the room . It 's like having a discussion with your lovely half , you will always end up saying something wrong . On the other hand , when they are in good mood they will give you beautiful pictures .
ITC :
Male : They are repetitive , injecting the same stuff time after time after time… . Annoying .
Female : Them thermal sensitivity is impressive “ It 's hot in here , no , now is going to be back to normal , now I 'm ok , oh no , now is hot again… . Wait , now is going better…. ” And so on… Forever .
UV-Vis / Fluorescence :
Male : Usually their software is extremely old . Bad memory : “ did I record the blank ? I do n't remember , do you ? ”
Female : The software is far far away to be linear . Millions of sub menu , boxes to check or uncheck depending on mainly by their mood .
HPLC/UPLC :
Male : They can resist quite a lot of over pressure . Noisy , that kind of repetitive noise that can drive you crazy in few hours . Just stop talking . Just stop . Please .
Female : They are moody as well . Sometimes perfect separation other time a single huge peak . If too much pressure is applied they will start crying , spraying solvents everywhere . Requires daily care .
Balance :
Male : Dude , I can measure from 1mg to 150g . Something outside that range it is not my damn business .
Female : Make up your mind once for all : “ it 's 1.56g… . no 1.55g… . no , no , wait… 1.54g… yes , i 'm sure about it… . 1.57g , this is the correct one , trust me… .. 1.55g ” . Make up you mind ! ! !
Ultrasonic bath :
Male : Sensitivity ? Not their best point . Throw something at them and they will destroy it .
Female : That noise that pass trough your skull directly to your brain .
That super old instrument that is still working :
Male : They are way older than you , sometimes you just want to drink a whiskey with them sharing good old stories from the lab .
Female : They are the grandmother you never had , you cover them with a warm blanket during the cold winter .
So , are your instruments male or female ? Let 's check it out # MFInstruments
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Google
More
Email
Tumblr
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
WINNING : This Vegan Vendor Sold Out at Canada 's Largest Ribfest
Sarah Von Alt |
Known for its plant-based takes on fast-food favorites , Globally Local replaces the cruel animal-based foods in the classic burger with delicious vegan ones . And the restaurant just sold out ( as the very first vegan vendor ) at Canada 's Largest Ribfest in Burlington , Ontario .
In an online post , Globally Local states :
We are humbled by the incredible support and excitement for the vegan revolution . This is the first time a vegan vendor has ever attended this event and we hope many more will join us next year !
This is far from the first time Globally Local has proved the popularity of vegan food . Just last year , the restaurant sold out of its famed burger ( known as the Famous Burger ) at the Ontario Ribfest !
The burger 's creator , John McInnes , rose to fame in 2016 with their McVegans food truck , which operates along with two brick-and-mortar locations and the world 's first-ever vegan 24-hour drive-thru , which opened in June .
In addition to the Famous Burger , the drive-thru menu includes vegan takes on iconic fast-food items : the Vegan Vopper ( a spin on Burger King 's Whopper ) and a Crispy Chikun sandwich made from seitan .
But you do n't have to move to Canada for a delicious vegan meal . From savory new options popping up at restaurants to the growing number of all-vegan eateries , the popularity of vegan eating continues to rise . For veg restaurants near you , click here .
Hear # Mariners have one of their top scouts attending Kansas City at Tampa Bay . … Commence speculation . — Bob Dutton ( @ TNT_Mariners ) July 9 , 2014
OK , Bob , sounds like a plan to me !
Look , the Mariners and the Rays are talking trade . We basically know that now . If the two teams were n't in fairly advanced discussions , the Mariners would n't have sent their top scouts to watch the Rays , and the Rays would n't have sent their top scouts to find desirable Mariners minor-leaguers . Seattle 's needs and Tampa 's match up exceptionally well . The Rays suck ; the Mariners do n't . The Rays need middle infielders and relievers ; the Mariners have too many . The Mariners need outfielders ; the Rays have too many . The Mariners want a rotation upgrade ; the Rays have David Price . The Rays want a top prospect ; the Mariners have Taijuan Walker . It almost makes too much sense for a deal not to happen , even if the prospect of trading with Andrew Friedman is a bit frightening .
In light of these facts , let 's speculate a little bit . Which Rays might the Mariners be targeting ?
1 ) David Price
Of all the Rays on this list , Price inspires the most rumors . He 's also the one most concretely linked to the Mariners . We know they discussed acquiring them over the offseason , and we know that they 've had scouts at two of their last three starts .
The Rays are quite likely to move Price , and there are a whole lot of interested teams . The question is simply which one offers up the best prospect package .
Why it makes sense : Sit back in your chair for a minute and imagine a playoff rotation with Felix Hernandez , David Price , Hisashi Iwakuma , and James Paxton . When you 're done , grab a few paper towels to wipe up the drool .
Why it does n't make sense : Price has said that they would n't sign an extension in Seattle , so the Mariners would be giving up their best prospect and probably more in exchange for just one and a half years of a pitcher with some injury concerns . There 's going for it , and then there 's going for it . Acquiring Price would be the latter , and the Mariners may not be ready to make the most of that yet .
Likely cost : Taijuan Walker and Nick Franklin . The Mariners refused to move Walker for Price over the winter , which is why the Mariners did n't get Price over the winter . Now that the Athletics have dealt Addison Russell and Billy McKinney for Jeff Samardzija and Jason Hammel , there 's no way the Rays send Price to Seattle without getting back Walker and more besides .
2 ) Ben Zobrist
Of all the Rays on this list , Zobrist is the most versatile . For years they were by far the most underrated player in baseball : From 2008 to 2013 , they had a higher fWAR than Robinson Cano . Their ability to play all over the diamond is the stuff of legend . Unfortunately for the Rays , Zorilla has begun to enter their decline phase , and though he 's still a very good player their power is not what it used to be . He 's approaching the end of their contract , and with the team out of the running this year Andrew Friedman may decide that having Ben Zobrist in 2015 is less valuable to the team than having the prospect haul they could bring back .
Why it makes sense : The Mariners have been trying for years to build an outfield entirely out of former infielders ( Chone Figgins , Mike Carp , Dustin Ackley , Michael Saunders , Abe Almonte , Stefen Romero , Ty Kelly , Willie Bloomquist , Nick Franklin , and so on ) . Acquiring Zobrist would be the natural progression of this strategy . Also , he 's the best position player on the trade market , and Michael 's wanted them for like a month now .
Why it does n't make sense : Zobrist is most valuable at second base , the one position at which the Mariners can not play him . As a result , he 's worth more to other teams than to the M 's . A club like the Cardinals might be willing to blow Jack Z 's offer out of the water .
Likely cost : Start with Nick Franklin , and add a couple other significant pieces from there . Zobrist probably is n't a controllable enough piece to net the Rays Walker or Peterson on their own , but 4 WAR/year for $ 7M/year has a lot of value .
3 ) Matt Joyce
Of all the Rays on this list , Joyce is perhaps the most likely to be moved . One of the rare OF/DHes who can actually play the outfield competently , Joyce is a righty-masher whom the Rays acquired for Edwin Jackson in a widely praised 2008 trade with the Tigers . They have n't ever quite lived up to their prospect pedigree , having posted only one season with more than two fWAR , but they would be a clear upgrade over Dustin Ackley , particularly on offense .
Why it makes sense : Joyce is only a year and a half away from free agency , and he 's getting a bit expensive for the Rays . With a career 119 wRC+ , he 'd immediately be the Mariners ' third-best hitter ( behind Seager and Cano ) , and their good work in left field would n't compromise the Seattle defense .
Why it does n't make sense : Joyce is very left-handed . The Mariners are known to be looking specifically for right-handers . They do n't have anyone to platoon them with in the outfield , so the only sensible way to bench them vs. LHP would be to play Jesus Sucre , bumping Mike Zunino to DH and Corey Hart to the outfield . That 'd be less than ideal , especially given that Logan Morrison should also be sitting against lefties .
Likely cost : Joyce is n't a good enough player to bring a really great prospect back to Tampa Bay . He 'd probably net the Rays a player in the bottom half of the Mariners ' top ten prospects and some assorted organizational pieces .
4 ) Desmond Jennings
Of all the Rays on this list , Jennings is the best fit for the Mariners . They check all the boxes : multiple years of control , excellent offense against left-handed pitching , competent offense against right-handed pitching , plus defense in a corner and solid defense in center , top-of-lineup speed and OBP skills , youth , everything . Unfortunately , that means he 's unlikely to be available - and if they are on the market , you can bet that their services wo n't be cheap .
Why it makes sense : He 's the perfect fit for the Mariners ' roster . With another young center fielder breaking out ( more on that later ) , the Rays might feel compelled to cash in on Jennings before they have to start paying them arbitration money .
Why it does n't make sense : Last year , Dave Cameron called Jennings `` the quietest star in baseball '' . They have three years of team control remaining . Players as young and as good as Jennings do n't get traded very often .
Likely cost : Taijuan Walker . Even if the Mariners can get Jennings without giving up their best pitching prospect , it 's unlikely he 'll come to Seattle without at least two of James Paxton , D.J . Peterson and Nick Franklin going away . I do n't think the Rays are particularly likely to move them anyways - not unless they decide that their center fielder of the future is ...
5 ) Kevin Kiermaier
Of all the Rays on this list , Kiermaier is the youngest and the most exciting . They were never a prospect of much description ( John Sickels rated them the Rays ' eleventh-best minor leaguer before the season began ) , but in only 160 PA this year he 's already put up 2.3 WAR . Their 2014 power breakout is almost certainly a mirage , but the projection systems have them as a league average hitter the rest of the way , and he 's an elite defensive outfielder with 70-grade speed . Those of you who were around for the early days of Jack Z 's front office may remember that particular player profile . The Mariner missed out on Peter Bourjos and Craig Gentry over the winter , but Kiermaier might be a similar player at a lower price .
Why it makes sense : The Mariners have been known to be looking for young outfielders . The Rays might decide to stick with Jennings and flip Kiermaier while he 's performing at their peak . Jack Z traded for Franklin Gutierrez once before , and they ca n't all have ankylosing spondylitis .
Why it does n't make sense : Their position aside , Kiermaier is n't any of the things the Mariners are most desperately looking for . He 's left-handed and he 's not a great hitter ( or one with real power ) . Also , the Rays are both extremely smart and extremely poor . They might place a very high value on their cheap young breakout outfielder .
Likely cost : I have absolutely no idea . If the Rays think Kiermaier 's sucess is unsustainable and they really are only their tenth-best young player , they could be had for a very reasonable price . If they buy into the early defensive returns and at least a little of the power breakout , they might ask for Taijuan Walker . Still , it ca n't hurt to check in .
6 ) The Other Guys
Who they are : The Rays have several interesting pieces that do n't quite merit their own sections . Brandon Guyer is a right-handed corner outfielder with good defense and an extended history of murdering the ball in AAA . If the Mariners want to add some catcher depth , they might consider Ryan Hanigan . We know that the Mariners tried to flip Nick Franklin for a Rays pitcher over the winter , though we do n't know which one it was .
Why they make sense : Guyer projects as a more or less league average outfielder , and because the Rays have had them in the minors forever we know they do n't value them very highly . The Mariners are light on catching depth , and Hanigan is a much more appealing backup than Jesus Sucre . The M 's need rotation depth , and they 've practically traded for at least one of the Rays ' pitchers before .
Why they do n't make sense : Guyer is 28 and has been repeatedly denied a chance to play by one of the smartest organizations in baseball . The Rays just traded for and then extended Hanigan , so he 's unlikely to be available . Chris Archer and Jake Odorizzi are having breakout seasons that may render them untouchable , Alex Cobb 's breakout was last year , Alex Colome sucks , Matt Moore is hurt , and Jeremy Hellickson 's luck finally ran out right before they hit the DL .
In conclusion : we know the Rays and Mariners are talking , but we do n't know which players they 're talking about . While some of the Rays ' players would be splashy acquisitions ( lookin ' at you , David ) , the Mariners are n't going to win the division this year , and I 'm not sure giving up six years of a top prospect is worth a better chance of making the Wild Card game this year and then having a 4-5 WAR player for 2015 only . On the other hand , the Mariners ca n't just do nothing at the deadline .
I guess , if I absolutely had to describe my feelings towards each potential Rays trade target in a short phrase , I 'd do it like this .
Price the price is wrong Zobrist sadly more valuable elsewhere Joyce most likely , the least inspiring Jennings unattainable ideal Kiermaier most inspiring , the least likely Guyer flyer Hanigan probably unnecessary AND unavailable Other SP yeah , but which one ?
We 'll see how the Mariners feel soon enough .
STAND on the hot , dark sand of Governor 's Beach and you can take in simultaneously the troubles of Cyprus , its dream of future prosperity and its political uncertainty . The sand , sea and fresh calamari have long attracted foreigners , mostly British , but increasingly Russians who stash their money in Cypriot banks . Across the inlet stands the Vasilikos power station , destroyed last year by an explosion of munitions carelessly dumped nearby . Beyond the horizon lies the promise of bountiful undersea natural gas that could soon be piped to Vasilikos .
The explosion at Vasilikos and the banks ' woes help explain why Cyprus has become the fifth euro-zone country to seek a bail-out . By a twist of fate , the troika ( officials from the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the IMF ) arrived in Cyprus just as the government was taking over the rotating presidency of the European Union .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
From Governor 's Beach , Damascus and Jerusalem are closer than Athens . Yet the ( Greek-Cypriot ) republic , with a population of only 850,000 , will be running the EU 's ministerial business for six months . Brussels frets over the prospect . Many think Cyprus should not have been let in before striking a deal to reunite the Turkish-Cypriot north with the internationally recognised south . The EU 's relations with NATO are paralysed by the dispute . Those with Turkey were testy even before Cyprus took the chair : now they will be partly frozen .
There is another reason to worry . As the German tabloid Bild put it pithily : “ A bankrupt island takes over power in Europe. ” Can a Communist president , Demetris Christofias , handle both bail-out negotiations and the acutely difficult process of euro-zone integration imposed by the crisis ? Can a debtor deal impartially with creditors ' demands for stronger centralised controls ? Luckily , perhaps , the rotating presidency has lost much of its importance since the 2009 Lisbon treaty . Summits and foreign ministers ' meetings have their own permanent presidents , as do meetings of euro-zone finance ministers .
Cypriot ministers insist that they can do the job as well as anyone else . Diplomats argue that the country 's civil service has inherited the competence of British colonial administrators . But that reputation was severely damaged by the explosion at Vasilikos . Almost 100 shipping containers packed with gunpowder and other military equipment , seized from a ship bound from Iran to Syria in breach of a UN embargo in 2009 , had been piled up at a naval base for more than two years . When the cargo blew up , killing 13 people , about half the south 's electricity production was wiped out , pushing an already stagnant economy into a second recession . The damage to the plant is being repaired , turbine by turbine , with full power expected to be restored by next year . But the economy will take longer to fix . Excluded from bond markets last year , and with a short-term loan from Russia fast running out , Cyprus had to ask for help .
For Vassos Shiarly , Cyprus 's finance minister , it is not just the explosion at Vasilikos that triggered the crisis . “ There was a financial nuclear explosion in Greece and we were one of the first to be hit by the blast , ” they say . Cyprus 's banks were heavily exposed to the Greek economy . And they suffered big losses , equivalent to 25 % of Cyprus 's GDP , says Mr Shiarly , when the euro zone imposed “ voluntary ” haircuts on Greece 's private bondholders .
Yet Cyprus can not blame all its troubles on accidents and outsiders . Its economy was growing steadily until the outbreak of the global financial crisis . But the boom was unsustainable . A long-running current-account deficit gaped ever wider . A small island economy can expect to buy most of its needs from abroad . But tourism and services have not kept up with rising imports , not least the ubiquitous Mercedes cars clogging Nicosia 's roads . Companies and households are hugely in debt . And government debt is rising due to overgenerous civil-service pay and benefits ( including index-linked pay rises twice a year ) . Some of this has been financed by bank deposits from Russia , Ukraine and Serbia . But will Cyprus continue to be so attractive now that the troika is scrutinising the banks and the euro zone is moving towards centralised bank supervision ?
The new smell in the air
Even so , Mr Shiarly sees a bright future . “ Every day that passes is a day closer to the day when we will be smelling natural gas—and the smell is beautiful. ” They say Cyprus should be bringing in its own gas by 2017 , and exporting it two years later . Cyprus is already studying how Norway operates its sovereign-wealth fund to manage hydrocarbon riches for future generations .
In an ideal world the discovery of gas in the eastern Mediterranean would provide a spur to co-operation in a conflict-ridden region . Northern Cyprus might have an incentive to agree to share in gas revenues ; Cyprus might strike a deal to link up to Turkey 's existing pipelines to Europe . Instead the gas may heighten tensions . Turkey disputes Cyprus 's right to drill in parts of the sea and has been sabre-rattling . Israel has yet to delimit its economic zone with Lebanon . Turkey 's bust-up with Israel has pushed the Jewish state closer to Cyprus . This marriage of convenience could become a more permanent union if , as some expect , Israel decides to export gas through Cyprus . The leading option is for the gas to be liquefied at Vasilikos .
Gas is changing the geopolitics of the region . If things go well the eastern Mediterranean might be a smaller North Sea , a safe source of energy for Europe . If they do not , it could become a mini-Gulf , a zone of instability on Europe 's borders . Sooner rather than later , the EU must think of Cyprus not just as a political nuisance and an economic burden , but as a strategic interest . Time for Europe to wake up and smell the gas .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The Seattle Police Department 's plan to hand out safety flyers at this weekend 's HempFest that people would actually want seems to have worked beautifully : the free Doritos attached to each flyer were gone in 10 minutes , according to the department . Each mini-package of snacks ( they brought 1,000 of them ) was adorned with a series of educational tips for the largest marijuana-themed festival in the world . `` Do n't drive while high , '' they advise , adding , `` Do n't give , sell , or shotgun weed to people under 21 . '' Do , they say , `` listen to Dark Side of the Moon at a Reasonable Volume . ''
People seemed to like them :
DUDE RT @ alexrubens : . @ SeattlePD are handing out bags of Doritos at Hempfest with this sticker : pic.twitter.com/NBTMzzPADp — R Subramanian ( @ randomsubu ) August 17 , 2013
The bags also provide the URL for Seattle PD 's amazing guide to the state 's laws , which you should read right now if you have n't done so already . And in case that was n't enough brownie points for the department , they live-tweeted the whole ( brief ! ) giveaway , hashtagged # OperationOrangeFingers :
Gettin ' set up for # OperationOrangeFingers . 10am at the main gate pic.twitter.com/pGaGgELg4K — Seattle Police Dept . ( @ SeattlePD ) August 17 , 2013
@ seattlehempfest 's getting off to a late start , but we 'll have chips in just a few moments folks ! — Seattle Police Dept . ( @ SeattlePD ) August 17 , 2013
Sgt . Whitcomb greets with Doritos at the gates . pic.twitter.com/7H49ZuzqAW — Seattle Police Dept . ( @ SeattlePD ) August 17 , 2013
Alright , @ seattlehempfest , thx for the wonderful morning . We 're headed home . Feelin ' kinda Spacey pic.twitter.com/VpXcJxtTVN — Seattle Police Dept . ( @ SeattlePD ) August 17 , 2013
Apparently , there are back-up hot dogs :
Did n't get any Doritos ? @ SeattlePF can help ! MT : '' Who 's ready for # freehotdogs at South Precinct ? Join us @ 1pm ! `` pic.twitter.com/qKPl5oD596 ” — Seattle Police Dept . ( @ SeattlePD ) August 17 , 2013
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
To get at this , I turned to Martin Prosperity Institute alum Patrick Adler , now a grad student in urban planning at UCLA . As they did for last year 's Coachella festival , Adler gathered locational data on the 2012 SXSW Music acts from multiple sources , including band websites , MySpace , Sound Cloud , All Music , Pitchfork , and music journalism . When possible , they gave priority to locations entered by the acts themselves . For veteran acts , they used their location when they achieved their greatest popularity . For acts with multiple locations , they gave fractional points to each location .
As a premier festival for independent music , SXSW also provides a useful lens into the geography of the world 's leading indie music scenes .
Austin 's annual SXSW Music Festival kicked off this past week . This year , 500 bands from around the world were invited to perform for an audience that is upwards of 250,000 . SXSW 's estimated economic impact on the Austin economy was more than $ 165 million in 2011 . And attendance is again up .
At first blush , large cities seem to dominate , as the chart above shows . New York leads with 53 acts , 11 percent of the total , followed by London with 44 , or 9 percent . Austin is third with 39 bands , or 8 percent , then Los Angeles , Montreal , San Francisco , Toronto , and Nashville . SXSW attracts bands from cities around the world – Copenhagen , Melbourne , Sydney , Bogota , Mexico City , and Johannesburg all number in the top 20 .
Of course big cities have a size advantage . To control for this , Adler charted the number of SXSW bands per million people .
The picture now changes dramatically , as the chart above shows , with smaller cities rising to the top . Austin is the overwhelming leader with more than 23 bands per million . That makes sense : Austin is the festival 's hometown . Oxford and Brighton , England , take second and third , with 20 and 19 bands per million , respectively . Athens , Georgia , is fourth with 16 . And then there 's a big drop off with Nashville ( 5.7 ) ; Boise ( 4.9 ) ; Hamilton , Ontario ( 4.5 ) ; Copenhagen ( 4.1 ) ; Montreal ( 3.9 ) ; and Leeds , England ( 3.8 ) rounding out the top 10 .
Bigger cities are farther down the list : London is 12th , New York 15th , L.A. 17th and Toronto 21st .
This is the opposite of what we found when we looked at Coachella , where the preponderance of acts is from large cities and metros . The differences between the two may stem from the fact that SXSW includes more acts , while Coachella draws from a wider range of genres and includes more well-established acts .
Smaller indie music scenes are quite well represented at SXSW which is fitting for a festival held in the city known as `` the live music capital of the world . ''
Top image : Visualist Images/Flickr
“ From a distance do n't know which one is a Christian , damn. ” —Kendrick Lamar on “ Hol ' Up ”
Almost exactly 10 years ago , I attended family counseling for reasons that are n't really any of your business . But at some point during our first and only session , the therapist asked if we had religion . My dad proffered that “ My wife is religious. ” Though they grew up in the church , and they both raised four children to attend every week , my mom was quick to correct him : “ not religious—spiritual. ” What my mom understood , and in turn taught me , was that there 's a manifest difference between being “ religious ” and being “ spiritual . ”
At the risk of being overly cynical , religion — in this case Christianity — is a system that can be gamed . Think of it as a paper course . The rubric is simple : Make your attendance felt over a satisfactory number of Sundays with the sine qua non “ Good morning brother/sister ___ , God bless you. ” Additionally , know that Luke comes after Matthew and Mark as well as at least two verses of “ Amazing Grace ” by heart , and turn up in your best suit for the exams , which , in this case , would be Christmas Eve and Easter . You 'll pass for a “ Christian , ” if in name only . ( I would not ; I have not been to church in some time . Sorry , Mom . ) It follows that organized religion is pliable , and can be easily bent toward a cause , or used as an excuse .
On the other hand — much like how the mind is what the brain does — spirituality , or “ faith , ” is a living , breathing , intensely personal thing that can blossom from “ religion. ” In the Christian context , it 's your relationship with the man upstairs , and yours alone , that dictates faith . And , like in any other relationship , there will be disappointments and doubts . Discussing their debut studio album , Section.80 , with MTV News in 2011 , Kendrick Lamar spoke candidly about those disconnects :
But just because you do n't necessarily need church does n't mean you do n't need ( or want ) help to unpack these ecclesiastical questions . And in the absence of a pastor , Kendrick has — perhaps unfairly , but all the same — become an unexpected , imperfect spiritual guide for many people .
“ Runnin ' in place tryna make it to church ” —Kendrick Lamar on “ untitled 01 ”
Kendrick 's March announcement in an interview with The New York Times 's T Magazine that their then-forthcoming fourth studio album ( released Friday and titled Damn . ) would center around God was met with derision and trembling . The response was at once irrational—because Kendrick contains multitudes — and understandable .
Received wisdom—like never trust a “ leaked ” track list or follow your favorite rapper on Twitter at your own risk—dictates that finding God comes before falling off ( for rappers , anyway ) . See Malice , see Nas , see Ma $ e , see DMX , the list goes on . But in their T interview , Kendrick leaned back in their proverbial chair with an approachable edginess . It was distinctly youth group minister–like :
To be fair , Prodigal Son Returning To The Church is a wave many a consensus-great rapper has ridden within the past year , so perhaps “ Nobody speaks on it ” is n't quite accurate . Kanye West 's The Life of Pablo was a gasping , sprawling , megachurch album , with all the well-meaning but ill-informed religiosity of a “ Jesus Is My Homeboy ” T-shirt ; Chance the Rapper 's more jubilant Coloring Book , which , like Pablo , featured Kirk Franklin , included a glittering interpolation of “ How Great Is Our God ” ; one of a little Hail Marys on the back half of Drake 's Views was the penultimate track 's sample of gospel legends the Winans ' “ The Question Is . ”
But Kendrick is n't paddling out like Kanye , gliding through the tube like Chance , or watching from the beach like Drake . Kendrick is holding their breath while being tossed about in the undertow , flailing for the air that must be on the surface . It has to be . He 's been there , swirling about in translucent darkness , struggling to tell hand from foot , since at least 2009 .
From their self-titled EP , “ Faith ” is about the crises it lives through — those times when belief creaks beneath the crushing weight of reality . On the song , reality intrudes as the real-life murder of a friend , an open wound they would revisit eight years later on a song called “ u ” whereupon Kendrick , evidently drunk and still drinking , curses everything , including themselves ( “ God themselves will say , ‘ you fuckin ' failed ' ” ) .
“ I am a sinner who 's prolly gon na sin again ” —Kendrick Lamar on “ Bitch , Do n't Kill My Vibe ”
Ahead of the release of To Pimp a Butterfly , Buzzfeed News reporter Reggie Ugwu described Kendrick 's Christianity as radical , and it is—as much could and should be made of introducing such spirituality into commercial rap . Kendrick 's faith functions astride the spiritual and the secular , leaving ample room for doubt ; I 've always thought of it as plainspoken . Or pragmatic . It 's their way of parsing the knottier , more trying questions you hope to never need to ask or answer : What happens when life is too much ? When you 're too angry or saddened to believe that prayer will be enough to cover it ? Kendrick appreciates that prayer is n't a solution , but also values it as a way of putting one foot in front of the other , though the mystery of where you 're going and what 's waiting for you there endures .
That confusion is par for the course . None of us explicitly asked for life , most of us do n't know what to do with it , and almost all of us are at a loss for why it 's so hard . Some of us resolve that God must know because He 's all-knowing , and so we seek Him out to let us in on , well , everything . That journey from bewilderment toward everlasting peace is an arduous one that can make you feel small and alone . It 's scary , and doubly so because like every step along the way , the destination itself is uncertain . MTV News writer Tirhakah Love ably described untitled unmastered 's opening track as Kendrick grappling with their path in “ a metaphysical garden of Gethsemane , ” trying earnestly to remonstrate their way past the Pearly Gates .
With a reader 's remove , this is less about being “ damned ” as an insufficient Christian than it is about being condemned as a young black man . Good people— “ good ” here meaning innocent—still suffer and die , more often than not without reason . And appropriately , it 's “ Fear. ” on Kendrick 's newest album that best illustrates their developed approach to addressing this cruel uncertainty . Though it 's not my current favorite ( that would be “ DNA. ” because whew ) , and “ Feel. ” better articulates the static friction between faith and politics , “ Fear. ” is the song I 'm going to think most about . Over languid and grainy , but beautifully dewy production , a hefty voice trudges along with audibly heavy legs— “ Why God , why God do I got ta suffer ? ” Kendrick tries to tease out an answer by coming at the problem from four different angles , and still comes up short .
The first verse of “ Fear. ” is told from the perspective of overbearing parents trying to scrape out a meager existence and steer their kids in a vaguely forward-facing direction via the only means they know—the belt . The second comes from the perspective of a teenaged Kendrick for whom life has become larger and more real than before they began finding their independence . Given that freedom , he 's paralyzed by all the many , stupid ways their life could end : with them wearing the wrong colors on the wrong side of the tracks , in the back of a police van , walking home from the convenience store . The third finds Kendrick tangled in established fame , choked by the nameless dread you start to feel only once you start making your own money . The fourth and most bald exposes their deepest fears : of losing their creativity , of not being enough , of dying alone , that greatness and goodness is an either/or , that life has no meaning .
This painful confusion and the all-consuming fear it breeds remain somewhat Delphic to him , just as they remain opaque to me . And that 's inescapable ; some things about life are irretrievably fucked up . But reasoning goes only so far , and where it fails comes the trust that one fine day you 'll be made to understand . That 's what faith is .
THE Government faces huge embarrassment today after two key figures appointed to help clean up the Irish financial system were named in an explosive US investigation into global banking giant HSBC .
THE Government faces huge embarrassment today after two key figures appointed to help clean up the Irish financial system were named in an explosive US investigation into global banking giant HSBC .
Chairman of state-owned AIB David Hodgkinson , and Michael Noonan 's top NAMA adviser Michael Geoghegan , are both named in a 330-page report that follows an investigation into HSBC by a US Senate subcommittee set up in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attack on New York .
HSBC is accused of `` playing fast and loose with US banking rules '' between 2004 and 2010 by US Senator Carl Levin , a key ally of US President Barack Obama , who chaired the team that published the report . Top NAMA adviser Michael Geoghegan was HSBC 's most senior executive for almost the entire period now under investigation .
The current AIB chairperson was the bank 's chief operating officer between 2006 and 2008 and before that ran its Middle East business .
Crucially , the damning report makes clear that both Michael Geoghegan and David Hodgkinson were aware of the major issues at the bank during the period under investigation , including HSBC 's processing of billions of dollars worth of hidden deals for Iranian banks .
Worryingly , the report puts Mr Hodgkinson at the centre of the controversial practice where Iranian deals were obscured during their term as a senior executive at the banks Middle East unit .
Dubbed `` U-turns '' , these deals saw HSBC alter documents so that money moved between Iran and the US did not arouse suspicion from authorities . The Senate Committee said that in all HSBC conducted almost 25,000 US dollar transactions with Iran , amounting to $ 19.4bn .
`` The vast majority of the Iranian transactions , ranging from 75-90pc over the years , were sent through HBUS ( the bank 's US operation ) and other US dollar accounts without disclosing any connection to Iran , '' the report states .
In an extraordinary revelation , the report says that when internal efforts were made to stop the practice , Mr Hodgkinson contacted Michael Geoghegan , now the top advisor on NAMA , asking for their `` intervention and support '' .
The report says Mr Hodgkinson got their way , as the Middle East unit was given a free hand or `` dispensation '' that meant it was free to continue altering Iranian transactions until the end of 2004 .
A trawl of emails shows that Mr Geoghegan was told by another executive , John Ranaldi , that the policy amounted to a `` fudge '' by the bank of the true nature of its dealings , `` to avoid the US embargo and seizure '' .
Last night a spokesperson for AIB said the bank had no concerns over the case .
`` David Hodgkinson is not a person of interest in this inquiry . There is nothing for the bank to consider . ''
Irish Independent
Objectively it is the merest pimple of a mountain , but for cyclists in London and south-east England , Box Hill in Surrey looms large . I had climbed it hundreds of times , so often that every subtle change in gradient , every pothole , drain and blemish in the tarmac was agonisingly familiar . But this time something was very different . I was overtaking Graham , my longtime cycling partner and rival , then leaving them far behind . I was flying up the hill , having to lean the bike right over so as not to overshoot the corners . I felt like Lance Armstrong or Marco Pantani .
Which is to say , I felt like a great climber but also something of a fraud . They both used performance-enhancing drugs ; I was benefiting from a new type of cheating , something that has become known in the professional cycling world as “ mechanical doping ” — the use of small but powerful electric motors , entirely concealed from view .
Allegations of their use in professional cycling first emerged in 2010 , when an online video featuring Italian former professional cyclist Davide Cassani became a viral sensation . It appeared to show a bike whose pedals turned on their own , and went on to suggest that the Swiss cyclist Fabian Cancellara might have used a motor to speed away from the peloton before winning that year 's Paris-Roubaix race .
The 2010 video that raised the issue of “ mechanical doping ” in cycling
Most cyclists dismissed the video as a paranoid conspiracy theory . “ It 's so stupid , I 'm speechless , ” said Cancellara ( whose innocence was confirmed by the sports authorities ) . And while the rumours and insinuations about mechanical doping have continued to circulate — one television commentator during last summer 's Tour de France said Chris Froome 's bike “ seemed to be pedalling itself ” — many fans still treat the whole idea as a bit of a joke . When Brian Cookson , president of the sport 's governing body , revealed that it was testing bikes for hidden motors during the Tour de France , they sounded almost embarrassed : “ Although this subject sometimes causes amusement and derision , we know that the technology is available . ”
That tiny , high-tech , hidden motors could be available to amateur riders seems even more far-fetched — none of the keen cyclists I spoke to in London knew anything about them . So arriving at Box Hill , on a recent overcast morning , I was dubious .
The bike I had come to try is the first concealed-motor racing bike from a UK manufacturer . Built by Somerset-based Electric Mountain Bikes , it will be launched this month under the company 's new brand , Goat Bikes , and will sell for £4,049 . With a magnesium alloy frame , carbon fork and Shimano Ultegra gears , it looks just like any other mid-range racing bike . The slim , cylindrical motor is concealed in the lower part of the seat tube ( the vertical piece of the frame which runs down from saddle to the bottom bracket ) and connects with the crank axle .
While early electric bikes had heavy , cumbersome lead-acid batteries , the use of lithium means the battery can be hidden within what looks like a conventional water bottle . A tiny black rubber switch , on the end of the drop handlebars , turns the power on ; stop pedalling and it turns off . Tutorial over , I set off to test it , on multiple ascents of the hill .
The motor and battery are hidden in the frame and bottle © Tom Jamieson
First impressions were of a very gentle boost ( in time-honoured fashion , Graham still thrashed me to the top ) . But then Steve Punchard , founder of Electric Mountain Bikes , adjusted the motor to increase the cadence and everything changed .
There was a marked boost in speed but , perhaps more importantly , the power felt completely natural . It was not like sitting on a moped just watching the scenery pass ( what would be the point ? ) . You still need to pedal , your heart rate is still raised ; it still feels like you are engaged in an active , physical sport . Unlike conventional electric bikes , whose large batteries can give a powerful boost for several hours , the concealed one lasts for just an hour , making it suitable for getting over the toughest summit on a ride , or helping an exhausted rider over the final few miles . The motor and battery add about 1.8kg to the weight of the bike , but its handling remains unchanged .
As I dropped Graham and accelerated up the hill , my mind began racing with the implications of the modest-looking machine beneath me . Ageing riders will be able to keep going later in life ; cycle holidays touring the great Alpine passes will no longer be restricted to the super-fit ; couples of differing abilities will be able to ride together . Nervous novices will be able to join club rides without fear of holding others back , and on bikes that look like any other and do n't mark them out as rookies .
“ It is democratising access to the biking experience , ” says Norman Howe , chief executive of Butterfield & Robinson , which already offers electric bikes on its worldwide bike tours , though not yet with concealed motors . “ There 's that ego-anxiety around this stuff — of not wanting to admit you need the help — but the more discreet the systems get , the less that issue plays out . ”
The Goat bike © Tom Jamieson
Equally clear , as I whipped past other riders on expensive-looking bikes , is that there will be controversy . Much amateur riding and cycle travel is geared towards timed , mass-participation events known as sportives or gran fondos . Officially they are just for fun , but many riders take their time and their final ranking extremely seriously , training all year to better their results .
“ You 'd be very naive to think that people are n't going to use them in sportives , ” says Michael Hutchinson , a former international racer and author of Faster : The Obsession , Science and Luck Behind the World 's Fastest Cyclists . “ At this point the technology is n't that readily available , but when that changes , someone will argue , ‘ Oh , well it will help me with my training , I 'll get to work faster ' . Then it becomes a much smaller step to be in a sportive and think , ‘ Well I 'll just use it up this bit here . . . ”
I felt like Lance Armstrong or Marco Pantani , which is to say , a great climber but also something of a fraud
In fact , though no mainstream bike manufacturer sells such bikes and the concept remains little-known in the English-speaking world , the motors and batteries , manufactured by an Austrian company called Vivax , can already be bought through numerous dealers in Germany , Austria and the Netherlands . In those countries , where cycling has traditionally been a means of everyday transport as well as a sport , electric bikes are far more common . “ But I think British people still tend to regard them as just not quite cricket , ” says Hutchinson .
Though the invisibility of the Goat bike 's system will remove any stigma , one giveaway remains — a distinct whirring noise when the motor is switched on . Future versions are likely to be quieter , but even the current system could be used while alone on a long climb , or to catch up if dropped by the peloton . “ There are always going to be some people who are keen to cut corners , ” says Ian Holt , founder of specialist tour operator La Fuga , which takes hundreds of cyclists to ride in European sportives each year . “ People will be super-suspicious of each other . ”
As I turned the final corner on Box Hill , I checked my time . At the peak of my cycling enthusiasm , I would climb Box Hill in seven minutes . Then , two years ago , a baby arrived and my weekly training mileage abruptly dropped from 200 to precisely zero . But here I was , arriving at the hilltop café with a new personal best of just over six minutes . In a world where many amateurs are happy to spend fortunes on the lightest carbon wheels or most aerodynamic frame , just to shave off a few seconds , that kind of performance enhancement might prove too hard to resist .
Details
The Goat Race bike costs £4,049 . See electricmountainbikes.com and goatbikes.com ; tel : 01458 550304
Photographs : Tom Jamieson
Rasmussen just released the results of a recent poll on political attitudes . It found only 53 % clearly preferred capitalism ( hat tip reader David H ) :
Only 53 % of American adults believe capitalism is better than socialism . The latest Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey found that 20 % disagree and say socialism is better . Twenty-seven percent ( 27 % ) are not sure which is better . Adults under 30 are essentially evenly divided : 37 % prefer capitalism , 33 % socialism , and 30 % are undecided . Thirty-somethings are a bit more supportive of the free-enterprise approach with 49 % for capitalism and 26 % for socialism . Adults over 40 strongly favor capitalism , and just 13 % of those older Americans believe socialism is better . Investors by a 5-to-1 margin choose capitalism . As for those who do not invest , 40 % say capitalism is better while 25 % prefer socialism .
Yves here , Not surprising results break along income lines ( investing being a rough proxy for income ) . Back to the article :
There is a partisan gap as well . Republicans – by an 11-to-1 margin – favor capitalism . Democrats are much more closely divided : Just 39 % say capitalism is better while 30 % prefer socialism . As for those not affiliated with either major political party , 48 % say capitalism is best , and 21 % opt for socialism… It is interesting to compare the new results to an earlier survey in which 70 % of Americans prefer a free-market economy . The fact that a “ free-market economy ” attracts substantially more support than “ capitalism ” may suggest some skepticism about whether capitalism in the United States today relies on free markets .
Yves again . The phrase “ free markets ” should be banned . It is a slippery , ill defined concept , and perversely conflates “ freedom ” ( lack of restrictions ) with “ markets ” which rely on laws ( even Friedman would grant that ) and exchange . A market with no rules is a brawl ( think of drug dealers , who operate outside the law . deal in often adulterated goods , and contracts are often enforced via violence ) . It is a brilliant bit of Newspeak . Back to the article :
Other survey data supports that notion . Rather than seeing large corporations as committed to free markets , two-out-of-three Americans believe that big government and big business often work together in ways that hurt consumers and investors .
Yves here . See , everyone fell for the advertising . “ Free markets ” means the advantages accrue to the big and powerful , but its promoters managed to sell it to libertarians , who somehow bought that this construct would help the little guy . Sorry , you were had . To the story again :
Fifteen percent ( 15 % ) of Americans say they prefer a government-managed economy , similar to the 20 % support for socialism . Just 14 % believe the federal government would do a better job running auto companies , and even fewer believe government would do a better job running financial firms .
Yves again . Rasmussen is conservative , and I 'd like to see how those questions were phrased . I bet if you posed the real choice , do you favor continued cash infusions to weak and maybe failing financial firms to a government receivership and restructuring , I bet you 'd see over 50 % approval .
Nevertheless , the leaning away from capitalism in the survey is not a strong endorsement of socialism ( Americans are too wedded to the promise of upward mobility ) . It is revulsion against capitalism turned Mussolini style corpocracy , Given a choice between capitalism of that form and anything else , they 'll gamble on the alternative .
All Images
News Release 15-031
Researchers improve efficiency of human walking
Unpowered exoskeleton developed by Carnegie Mellon and North Carolina State researchers helps individuals walk using less energy
This material is available primarily for archival purposes . Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date ; please see current contact information at media contacts .
Walking with a passive-elastic ankle exoskeleton . An unpowered clutch engages a spring in parallel with the Achilles tendon when the foot is on the ground , offloading the calf muscles and making walking easier .
Credit : Stephen Thrift , North Carolina State University
Download the high-resolution JPG version of the image . ( 906.4 KB ) Use your mouse to right-click ( Mac users may need to Ctrl-click ) the link above and choose the option that will save the file or target to your computer .
Walking with a passive-elastic ankle exoskeleton . An unpowered clutch engages a spring in parallel with the Achilles tendon when the foot is on the ground , offloading the calf muscles and making walking easier .
Credit : Steve Collins
Download the high-resolution GIF version of the image . ( 1.2 MB ) Use your mouse to right-click ( Mac users may need to Ctrl-click ) the link above and choose the option that will save the file or target to your computer .
Walking with a passive-elastic ankle exoskeleton . An unpowered clutch engages a spring in parallel with the Achilles tendon when the foot is on the ground , offloading the calf muscles and making walking easier .
Credit : College of Engineering , Carnegie Mellon University
Download the high-resolution JPG version of the image . ( 8.9 MB ) Use your mouse to right-click ( Mac users may need to Ctrl-click ) the link above and choose the option that will save the file or target to your computer .
Walking with a passive-elastic ankle exoskeleton . An unpowered clutch engages a spring in parallel with the Achilles tendon when the foot is on the ground , offloading the calf muscles and making walking easier .
Credit : College of Engineering , Carnegie Mellon University
Download the high-resolution JPG version of the image . ( 8.0 MB ) Use your mouse to right-click ( Mac users may need to Ctrl-click ) the link above and choose the option that will save the file or target to your computer .
An unpowered clutch engages a spring in parallel with the Achilles tendon when the foot is on the ground , offloading the calf muscles and making walking easier .
Credit : Steve Collins
Thanksgiving can be a rough time to be a pro fighter – especially if you happen to have a fight coming up .
The threat of a looming weight cut has ruined many a holiday feast for many a fighter , but one small group thinks it 's figured out something important about diet and lifestyle , and gorging on turkey and heavy gravy is no longer even a question .
That group would be MMA 's small contingent of committed vegans , like UFC bantamweight Alex Caceres . There was a time shortly after they began drifting toward becoming a full vegan when he 'd deviate from the diet with a post-fight cheat meal , they said , once all the hard work was done and they figured there 'd be no harm in falling off the vegan wagon for a brief break .
“ But it came to a point where I had to stop doing those cheat meals , ” Caceres told MMAjunkie before their most recent bout in September . “ They made me feel like a hypocrite , in every sense of the word . Around the beginning of this year I started going full vegan , and I 'd have to say maybe 95 percent raw vegan . Like , my cheat meals would be basically cooked vegan meals , and I 'd feel guilty about that . ”
On the fighter diet spectrum , Caceres is on an extreme end , but he 's not totally alone . As fighters look to clean up their diets , some are trying out more and more restrictive food plans in the interest of turning their bodies into well-functioning machines .
UFC fighters Nick and Nate Diaz have , in the past , described living on diets that are essentially pescetarian . Former Strikeforce champ and current WSOF welterweight Jake Shields has been a vegetarian all their life , with occasional forays into veganism . Retired UFC lightweight Mac Danzig is perhaps the most famous example of a committed vegan fighter , especially for fans who recall them grumbling about castmates on ‘ The Ultimate Fighter ' eating their hummus when they are n't around .
For Danzig , who said they went full vegan in 2004 , it was a decision they made more for ethical reasons than athletic ones .
“ My thought was always , well , if it does n't hinder my health , then I want to do it , ” Danzig said . “ The reason I did n't implement it sooner was because I believed what everybody said . What everyone tells you is this stuff like , ‘ You need a gram of protein for every pound of body weight , ' just this bodybuilding-style approach to nutrition that has invaded every other sport . That bodybuilding culture and their idea of what is a healthy diet has largely contaminated the culture of health for athletes in general . ”
Danzig first tried it after reading a food blog written by a local trainer , they said . The man seemed strong and athletic enough , and their meal plan did n't seem so different from what Danzig was already doing , albeit without the chicken and the fish that Danzig was still enjoying on occasion . As far as the difference it made in their physical performance , that was relatively subtle .
“ The main thing I noticed was my recovery between workouts was much faster , ” Danzig said . “ My digestion was so much better , and I felt ready to go for workout number two or three on any given day . When I was eating more animal products , I felt more sluggish and it took me more time to digest . Other than that , to be honest , I felt pretty much the same . I felt a little lighter , maybe , but mostly it was that I did n't feel bad , like everyone told me I would . ”
That sentiment was echoed by Shields , who grew up vegetarian and has dabbled with vegan diets , but found them difficult to maintain at times .
“ I feel like I can train more than most people , and I think I have a lot of energy , but I 've never eaten meat so there 's really nothing to compare it to , ” Shields said . “ But I do feel like I have more energy than most fighters I know . People talk about overtraining and things like that , but I 'm 35 and I do n't feel like I 'm getting any older . ”
But talk to lifestyle and weight-management guru Mike Dolce , who 's built custom diets for dozens of pro fighters – including some who claimed to be vegan , but had to supplement their diets with eggs or fish “ because their bodies began breaking down during training camps , ” according to Dolce – and he 'll tell you that there are drawbacks and limitations to trying to maintain a pro athlete 's lifestyle and workout regimen with a vegan 's restrictive meal plan .
“ Ethically , morally , in terms of social responsibility , I completely understand it , and I respect every human 's personalized approach to that , ” Dolce said . “ That being said , for combat athletes , it makes your preparation and lifestyle , which is already difficult , even more difficult . To properly live as a vegan is one of the most difficult and time-invasive lifestyles you can have as an athlete . It 's very hard to get all the nutrition you need when you 're grinding your body through two grueling training sessions a day , six days a week , using only plant-based sources . It 's especially difficult when you talk about how to properly source these plant-based products , which can get a lot harder depending on where you 're located . ”
The latter point is a valid one , according to both Shields and Danzig , who both live in California , where they 're among vegan friends . In Los Angeles , where Danzig lives , as well as in the Bay Area , where Shields make their home , there are no shortage of stores and restaurants catering to vegetarians and vegans alike .
“ But any time that I went and traveled and I 'd find myself in some place like Iowa or Nebraska , it was a real challenge , ” Danzig said . “ Fortunately , there are more and more stores that are popping up that carry items catering to this lifestyle , but living in L.A. you get spoiled . There are so many stores and restaurants , and even restaurants that are n't vegan restaurants , they all at least know what that word means now and have something on the menu for you . ”
For most vegans though , their diets mean that they end up doing almost all their own meal preparation , with relatively few dinners out and lots of time and energy devoted to filling their stomachs .
That , said Dolce , is where things really get difficult for fighters . Not only does it take up so much of their daily lives , it can also be “ cost-prohibitive ” to eat nothing but fresh , organically-grown food . That might be just one reason the lifestyle has n't taken off among fighters , they theorized .
“ How many vegans can you point to in the UFC that have had that high-level success ? ” Dolce said . “ I ca n't point to any , and I 'm not saying that to bash it . I think there are great components to the lifestyle . I lived as a vegan for three months , did that for two years in a row , and I felt healthy , but my grocery bill damn near doubled . I was spending maybe four hours a day on stuff like meal prep and grocery shopping . I had to go to the grocery store almost every day . Your food is constantly going bad because it has to be fresh . It was hard , especially for a guy like me who 's eating 3,000 calories a day . I lost a lot of body weight , but I ca n't say I really performed any better . ”
But then , for the few truly vegan fighters , performance is n't necessarily the point . Caceres insisted that he 's actually added some muscle mass while getting lighter overall since the change , but also pointed out that none of their dietary and lifestyle decisions were prompted by concerns about their athletic performance .
“ It does n't make you a more skillful fighter , ” Caceres said . “ You 've got to train for that . But what it has done is given me more energy and made me more enthusiastic about training . People can argue different arguments about that . There are plenty of fighters that are incredibly great that eat meat , or eat conventionally , or eat whatever the hell they want . It has nothing to do with fighting . To me it 's just health and nutrition and well-being and a lifestyle . I have n't been to the hospital in the last three years . I have n't been sick in the last three years . There 's got to be something with that . ”
According to Danzig , these are bigger questions than how best to fuel an athlete 's body . They 're questions about how best to live as a modern human , and they 're also questions that each person has to answer for theirs or herself .
“ I feel like there 's a certain amount of responsibility that comes with saying , ‘ Hey , we are the dominant species and we 've taken over , ' ” Danzig said . “ Now , I ca n't control other people and I do n't want to control other people . The last thing I want to do is run around waving the vegan flag and telling everybody that they need to do what I do . I do n't like that . But who can I control ? I can control what I do and what I buy or do n't buy and eat or do n't eat . It 's a drop in the bucket , but it 's my drop in the bucket . ”
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Karen Handel in a Tuesday , August 10 , 2010 file photo . ( AP Photo/John Bazemore , File ) Ad Policy
This morning , Karen Handel resigned as the vice president of public policy of the Susan G. Komen foundation . Handel had spent the last week at the epicenter of the controversy around Komen 's decision to withdraw support for Planned Parenthood and several progressive groups were circulating petitions to call for their dismissal . Handel 's very public resignation letter shows a political acumen and sophisticated grasp of cultural narrative that seems to have eluded Komen generally and their CEO , Nancy Brinker , through this entire debacle .
Here 's an excerpt from the beautifully crafted letter :
What was a thoughtful and thoroughly reviewed decision—one that would have indeed enabled Komen to deliver even greater community impact—has unfortunately been turned into something about politics.This is entirely untrue . This development should sadden us all greatly .
Handel , with an expert turn of word , moves to recast the characters in this ongoing saga that is helping to set the stage for a showdown over women 's choice in the 2012 election .
Handel is well-documented as a leader in pushing for Komen defunding of Planned Parenthood . According to internal e-mails obtained by the Huffington Post , Handel was constantly hyping the threat of a right-wing backlash against the breast cancer foundation for their grant to Planned Parenthood , even though—at best—those threats were sporadic and low level . The Komen funding to Planned Parenthood was restricted and could be used only for breast cancer screening in the clinics . Since most women who can afford to do that screening at their private doctor 's office do , this policy by definition disproportionately affects low-income and young women .
Handel won their crusade to score political points and impose their radical ideology on the organization , and certainly Nancy Brinker deserves blame both for allowing this to happen and for lying about it later on Andrea Mitchell 's show on MSNBC , when they claimed that Handel had no part in the decision . What Handel failed to do , despite their obvious PR prowess , was prepare their sponsoring organization to withstand the ensuing maelstrom . Them letter today—both in the content and their choice to release it—shows that helping Komen through this tough time might not have been their first priority .
Handel has a long-established political trajectory . They were the deputy chief of staff for Marilyn Quayle when their husband , Dan , served as vice president under George H.W . Bush , and they became the deputy chief of staff for Georgia Governor Sonny Purdue , after they opportunistically switched parties to run as a Republican in 1998 . Handel went on to hold political office themselves as Georgia 's secretary of state , where they enacted regressive voter ID laws that inspired lawsuits from the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) and from the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund ( MALDEF ) . They resigned from this post to run for governor of Georgia in 2010 in a bitterly fought contest that earned their endorsements from choice flip-flopper Mitt Romney and the staunchly anti-choice Sarah Palin . They lost to Congressman Nathan Deal , who used their earlier affiliation with the Log Cabin Republicans against them When they did , they denied ever being a member , a claim that caused PolitiFact to give them a “ pants on fire ” rating . They then went to Komen , presumably to regroup and plan next steps .
The last paragraph of their letter includes the following line :
While I appreciate your raising a possible severance package , I respectfully decline .
Severance packages routinely come with gag orders—stipulations on what the person leaving the organization can and can not say about the conditions under which they left . While no one outside of Komen , Handel and their lawyers are privy to the conditions under which this offer was made , if the norm prevails , accepting it would prevent Handel from leveraging their new role as the darling of the culture war crowd . This entire subtext of the letter screams that Handel feels sacrificed at the altar of political correctness , but that they refused to sacrifice their own integrity in the process . In an election year already about bishops and birth control , being a spokesperson for the radical anti-woman , anti-choice , anti-equality movement probably plays more to their political nature than going quietly into the night .
The way that this entire saga unfolded points to the work of a political master . While I have no love lost for the Susan G. Komen foundation , if I were their board , I would be angry and sheepish about having my organization used as a political stepping stone and then left as collateral damage for an ambitious self-serving culture crusader . Make no mistake : we 've not heard the last of Karen Handel . And when they surface to tell them story , people should remember : she 's not the victim , she 's a sophisticated political operator who may have gotten exactly what they want .
Image : Shutterstock
Volunteers who maintain the Tor network are sometimes hassled by the authorities . Perhaps child pornography travelled across their exit node—the part of the network where a user 's traffic joins the normal web—or maybe it was implicated in the hacking of a website . The FBI has even raided the houses of Tor operators in response to instances like these .
Now , another Tor exit node volunteer is receiving attention , but their case is somewhat more bizarre . Polish authorities have requested British law enforcement to interrogate the node operator because of a 2014 forum post supposedly insulting the ex-mayor of a small Polish town ; apparently an illegal act in Poland .
A letter from the District Public Prosecutor 's Office in Bialystok , Poland , to the UK Home Office points to Article 212 , paragraph 2 of the Polish Penal Code , which says , in sum , that characterising someone else in such a way that might `` degrade them in public opinion or expose them to the loss of confidence necessary to occupy a given position [ … ] is subject to a fine or the penalty of limitation of liberty . ''
According to the letter , a user called `` ~Gość~ '' wrote a rambling post on `` Forum.Poranny.pl '' about Roman Czepe , a former mayor of small town Łapy .
`` When they read the post , Roman Czepe felt offended by the words used in it , '' the prosecutor 's letter continues . `` He testified that such a statement clearly humiliated them in the face of public opinion . ''
The poster allegedly used an IP addresses of a now-closed Tor exit node run by Thomas White ( who is also known as The Cthulhu ) . So , the Polish Prosecutor 's Office wants UK authorities to question White as a witness , and find out who the author of the post was .
Obviously , even if UK authorities did go along with the plan , an exit node operator has no way of telling where the Tor user ultimately connected from : That 's the whole point of Tor . And White is n't ecstatic about helping out Polish investigators anyway .
`` I wish to make my position known that I have no intention of complying with the request from the Polish authorities , '' White told Motherboard in a statement .
`` As far as I am concerned , the person who made the post is expressing a personal opinion on a public official , somebody to whom Mr. Czepe is accountable and answerable as a former democratically elected person and a supposed representative of the people of Poland . As such , the poster is entitled to share their opinion and have it entered into the public sphere , '' White 's statement continues .
Katarzyna Dubowska from the Prosecutor 's Office in Bialystok confirmed that it is handling the investigation , but declined to answer specific questions .
A Home Office spokesperson told Motherboard in an email , `` We can neither confirm nor deny the existence of mutual legal assistance requests . ''
For This Guy , Lady Luck Trumps the Grim Reaper
Have you ever heard of a person named Bill Morgan ? He 's an Australian truck driver who has definitely seen their fair share of bad luck—I 'd have to say their luck just may be worse than Frane Selak—Morgan was actually dead for 14 minutes !
In 1999 , Bill Morgan had a double dose of bad luck when they suffered a massive heart attack and a massive truck , and they died as a result . Well , they were pronounced clinically dead for 14 minutes , after which the doctors were able to get their heart pumping again . During that period , a person could suffer serious brain damage and even be in a vegetative state .
When Bill was revived , it appeared that they were in a vegetative state . They were unresponsive and in a deep coma for the next twelve days . Within those twelve days , the doctors recommended to their family that they turn off Bill 's life support—twice ; but luckily , they did not . After those twelve days , they came out of their coma ; they were completely fine and did not suffer any serious complications from the whole ordeal .
Bill 's New Lease on Life
After a near death experience like that while on the job , it tends to make you want to change professions , and that is what they did . Oh , and they asked their long-time girlfriend , Lisa Wells , to marry him .
Of course , they accepted .
With this new lease on life , lucky to be alive , and newly engaged , they decided to try their luck and buy a scratch-off lottery ticket . When they scratched the ticket , they won a car that was worth $ 17,000 Australian ( today about $ 23,903 US and $ 25,099 Australian ) .
Well , they won a car . What is the big deal ? Considering that they were clinically dead for 14 minutes , the local Melbourne news thought it was pretty special and decided to do a feature story on him .
It Just Keeps Getting Better !
When the news asked Bill to re-create the scene where they scratch the ticket to reveal they have won a car , they were eager to do it . Except , instead of turning to the camera to exclaim that they won a car , they exclaim something altogether different .
Yep , the guy wins the lottery live ! They immediately calls their fiancé to tell them they have won $ 250,000 and they can finally get a house .
Needless to say , the news crew definitely were the ones to be the first to break that story .
Bill 's luck truly had changed .
The world 's tiniest known vertebrate – a species of frog that fits in the centre of a dime – has been discovered in New Guinea .
At 7.7 millimetres , Paedophryne amauensis replaces Paedocypris progenetica , an Indonesian fish averaging more than eight millimetres .
`` It was particularly difficult to locate [ the frog ] , Paedophryne amauensis , due to its diminutive size and the males ' high pitched insect-like mating call , '' said Chris Austin of Louisiana State University who led a team of scientists on a three-month expedition to New Guinea , the world 's largest and highest tropical island .
`` The size limit of vertebrates , or creatures with backbones , is of considerable interest to biologists because little is understood about the functional constraints that come with extreme body size , whether large or small . ''
The team discovered two new species of frogs ; their findings were published Wednesday in the journal PloS ONE .
There are currently 60,000 identified vertebrates , the largest being the blue whale with an average size of more than 25 metres , and the previous smallest being the Indonesian fish .
Scientists had believed that extreme size in vertebrates was associated with aquatic species because the buoyancy of water offered support and facilitated the development of very large or very small creatures .
However , since both new species of frogs are terrestrial , that theory no longer holds .
`` The ecosystems these extremely small frogs occupy are very similar , primarily inhabiting leaf litter on the floor of the tropical rainforest environments , '' Austin said .
`` We now believe that these creatures are n't just biological oddities , but instead represent a previously undocumented ecological guild . They occupy a habitat niche that no other vertebrate does . ''
A Sooke apartment complex for aboriginal youth , a Saanich home and daycare project for single mothers and affordable three-bedroom units for families in Victoria are among the low-income housing developments set to break ground or finish in this year .
“ There 's a growing recognition that homelessness and housing are regional issues , ” said Victoria Mayor Dean Fortin . “ It 's great to see they 've been approached that way and I think we 've made a real difference . ”
article continues below
Seven years ago , a mayor 's task force and a coalition of advocates , service providers and governments committed to ending homelessness in the capital region by 2018 .
Since 2008 , 248 supportive and 458 affordable housing units have been built . This is in addition to ongoing research , programming and advocacy . But there 's still work to be done , the mayor and housing advocates said .
“ There 's a significant housing shortage for those with low incomes ” said Andrew Wynn-Williams , executive director of the Greater Victoria Coalition to End Homelessness .
“ And we now know this is a key driver of homelessness in the region . ”
The organization 's research showed only 13 per cent of people who used a shelter in 2012 needed supportive housing . Most needed a place to live they could afford .
The realization led the coalition to expand its mandate to increase supportive as well as affordable housing , at or below market value .
Wynn-Williams estimates the region now needs 250 to 500 more supportive units and 1,500 affordable units added by 2018 to meet its goal . There are currently about 1,500 people on the B.C . Housing waitlist — and some have been on it for years .
Housing projects underway in Victoria will help the coalition reach its goal but several still need funding commitments from the government to move ahead , Wynn-Williams said , hoping to see this reflected in the upcoming B.C . budget announcement on Feb. 18 .
“ If the political will is there , we can do this , ” they said .
The affordable and supportive housing projects set to complete or break ground in 2014 :
Hope Centre
M'akola Group of Societies and Society of Saint Vincent de Paul of Vancouver Island
Size : 25 units
Address : 6750 West Coast Rd. , Sooke
Budget : $ 6 million
Who it 's for : At-risk aboriginal youth
Rent : $ 375 to $ 675
This $ 6-million project will provide 25 units of affordable housing for aboriginal youth at risk of homelessness in Sooke . Construction at the West Coast Road site started last fall and it should be resident-ready by summer .
“ There 's significant demand for urban youth in this area , ” said Kevin Albers , from M'akola Group of Societies . Rents will range from $ 375 to $ 675 for bachelor and one-bedroom apartments .
The Society of Saint Vincent de Paul of Vancouver Island will operate a thrift store on the main floor . A social concern office and educational services will also be housed there .
Rosalie 's Village
Society of Saint Vincent de Paul of Vancouver Island
Size : 41 units
Address : 4349 West Saanich Rd. , Saanich
Budget : $ 12 million
Who it 's for : Female youth with children and older women at risk of homelessness
Rent : $ 550 to $ 825
This 41-unit low-income housing building at 4349 West Saanich Rd . is set to break ground early fall . The $ 12-million project is spearheaded by Saint Vincent de Paul , which already owns the property and will subdivide it , and is funded in part by private donations and B.C . Housing .
The project caters to single-mothers and older women . There is a family unit in the plans and a daycare with spots for up to 37 children .
Executive director Angela Hudson said the project fills a need for housing for young mothers who need supports to go to school or gain better work experience . It will also help older women , who might have been in subsidized family housing but are left in limbo after their children grow up .
“ We felt the concept of a village just made sense , ” they said . There will be a walking trail and community garden as well .
Wilson 's Walk
Pacifica Housing
Size : 108 units
Address : Wilson Street , Vic West
Budget : $ 20.5 million
Who it 's for : Young urban singles , young couples , and families
Rent : $ 625 to $ 1,600
Schematic designs for Pacifica Housing 's Wilson 's Walk project in Vic West include 18 three-bedroom apartments , a rarity for new buildings in the region .
“ There was definitely a need identified for three bedrooms in Victoria , especially for young families , ” said executive director Karyn French . Construction on the project should begin this fall , adding 84 new affordable units to the Victoria market . Two floors in the building will go for market value to offset costs . There are 108 units in total .
“ If we can keep on budget we can make the units as affordable as possible , ” said French , meaning below market value . In Victoria , average market price for a bachelor apartment is about $ 700 .
French expects the building , adjacent to Pacifica 's Wing project at 109 Wilson St. , to make a dent in affordable housing needs for entry-level and service workers making lower wages . The organization will manage the building .
Dahli Place
Greater Victoria Rental Development
Society and Greater Victoria Housing Society
Size : 68 units
Address : 39 Gorge Rd . E. , Victoria
Budget : $ 13.4 million
Who it 's for : Low-income renters
Rent : $ 675 to $ 1,300
Construction is almost complete at Dahli Place , a 68-unit affordable housing complex on the old Friendly Inn site ( 39 Gorge Rd . E. ) . The $ 13.4-million project is a joint venture between the Greater Victoria Housing Society and the Greater Victoria Rental Development Society .
“ We 're doing something unique here , ” said GVHS executive director Kaye Melliship . The large property allowed them to subdivide and build an additional five townhouses , which will be sold to help finance the project — which also has contributions from donors , governments and a mortgage .
“ We took a risk but I think it will be a good one , ” they said . The affordable units will range from bachelor suites to two bedrooms and rent from $ 675 to $ 1,300 for those with incomes under $ 30,000 .
Cottage Grove
Cool Aid Society
Size : 45 units
Address : 3207-3223 Quadra St. , Saanich
Budget : $ 4.8 million
Who it 's for : Seniors
Rent : $ 375 plus $ 100 for one meal a day
“ We could be shoveled ready by spring but it 's still dependent on provincial funding , ” said Kathy Stinson , executive director of Cool Aid Society , about plans for the 45-unit supportive seniors housing in Saanich .
The $ 4.8-million project needs about three-quarters of the funding from B.C . Housing and $ 625,000 from fundraising . Stinson said Saanich and neighbourhood associations are on board . Cottage Grove would have support staff on-site around the clock .
spetrescu @ timescolonist.com
Top 10 Axl Rose Feuds and Rivalries The Guns 'N Roses has been in about as many rivalries as he 's had hits . We take a look at their ten biggest feuds . Text Share Tweet Email
Axl Rose , lead singer of Guns 'N Roses , is notorious for having a bad temper and getting into arguments with other musicians and celebrities . Today we look at the top 10 biggest feuds that the GnR frontman has gotten themselves into .
10 Tommy Hilfiger
Axl Rose was set to play a surprise acoustic show at Rosario Dawson 's 27th birthday party . The singer claims that they tried to move Tommy Hilfiger 's girlfriend 's drink when Tommy started to attack him . According to Hilfiger :
Axl pushed me , and I said , 'That was rude . ' They had a huge ring on . They wear all this jewelry . I 'm thinking , if I get hit , it 's over . No teeth , no eye . So I hit them before they hit me . It was self-protection . ''
Level of Axl Douchebaggery : 4/10
9 Vince Neil and the rest of Mötley Crüe
A feud between Axl and Neil broke out after Neil attacked former Guns 'N Roses rhythm guitarist , Izzy Stradlin . The fight was sparked from an incident the night before when Izzy began making passes at Neil 's wife .
Level of Axl Douchebaggery : 3/10 .. 7/10 if you include Izzy .
8 Bob Guccione Jr from Spin Magazine
The song Get In The Ring was Axl Rose 's response to all the hatred that they were getting from the media . Instead of lashing out at the media without pointing fingers ( see Nirvana 's Rape Me ) , Axl actually called out members of the press by name . One line in particular states : `` Bob Guccione Jr. at Spin , What , are you pissed off because your dad gets more p * ssy than you ? '' ( his dad founded Penthouse ) . Bob actually accepted Axl 's challenge to `` Get In The Ring '' but the singer did n't respond .
Level of Axl Douchebaggery : 5/10
7 Dexter Holland and The Offspring
On April Fool 's Day 2003 , Dexter Holland from The Offspring fame pulled a prank on the music world by jokingly revealing that their then unnamed album , Splinter , would be known as Chinese Democrazy - You Snooze You Lose . Axl did n't find the joke funny and sent their lawyers after Dexter . Dexter joked that as soon as they referred to the album as Chinese Democrazy , production came to a halt .
Level of Axl Douchebaggery : 6/10
6 Scott Weiland and Velvet Revolver
Scott Weiland , from the Stone Temple Pilots , joined forces with former Guns 'N Roses members , Slash , Duff , and Matt , to form Velvet Revolver . When Axl found out about Velvet , they quickly called Duff `` spineless '' and claimed that Weiland was a `` fraud '' . Weiland rebutted a few days later in a statement on their website :
`` [ Axl is ] a frightened little man who once thought they were king , but unfortunately , this king without their court is nothing but a memory . ''
Level of Axl Douchebaggery : 6/10
5 Jon Bon Jovi
According to Axl Rose , in 1986 , Jon Bon Jovi called them a `` scumbag '' at a Hyatt hotel . Jon later tried to attack Axl . That 's when their drummer , Steven , hit Jon with their cast . The real version of the story is more likely to be : Axl called Jon a `` scumbag '' and Steven then hit Jon . Either way , Bon Jovi 's album , Slippery When Wet was originally going to be named Guns 'N Roses but the incident caused the name change .
Level of Axl Douchebaggery : 7/10
4 Eagles of Death Metal
In 2006 , Eagles of Death Metal were selected by Tommy Stinson as the opening act for Guns 'N Roses . After arriving more than 30 minutes late , Axl did n't hesitate to call the Eagles `` Pigeons of Shit Metal '' . After hearing that , Tommy Stinson said `` fuck you , that 's it '' . Axl then took Tommy 's bass and threw it at him . They also kicked a few members of the audience out . So why the huge uproar by Axl ? Because the band , namely Josh Homme , was good friends with Dave Grohl ( more on that later ) .
Level of Axl Douchebaggery : 9/10
3 James Hetfield , Metallica and all of Montreal
Back in 1992 , Metallica was playing a set at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal . During the song Fade to Black there was a mishap with the pyrotechnics which burned James Hetfield ; they were rushed to the hospital . Guns 'N Roses took stage but there were a few problems with the stage monitors . Axl became furious , claimed their throat hurt , and they left the stage . The Montreal crowd became irate and riots broke out all over Montreal .
Tensions grew between James and Axl . During an interview with Rolling Stone , James said : `` They 're a different type of band - and I use the word band loosely . It 's a guy and some other guys . '' Axl retorted by claiming that James was racist .
Level of Axl Douchebaggery 9/10
2 Kurt Cobain ( and all of Nirvana Really , and Courtney Love )
In the early 90s , Axl had asked Kurt Cobain if Nirvana could open up for Guns N ' Roses to which Kurt declined . At the 1992 MTV VMAs , Courtney Love asked Rose if they wanted to be Frances Bean 's godfather . Axl told Kurt to tell their `` bitch '' to shut up . Kurt complied which pissed off Axl even more . They threatened the Nirvana frontman and challenged them to a fight . Kurt was holding their baby daughter in their arms during the incident .
Level of Axl Douchebaggery : 10/10
1 Slash ( and anyone who has ever been involved with Guns 'N Roses )
Clearly , the biggest feud Axl has been in is with Guns 'n Roses former guitarist , Slash . Axl has gone on record stating that Slash is `` cancer , better removed and avoided '' , the duo would both die before a reunion would occur and Slash should have left after Gun 's n Roses ' album Lies . Somehow , I have a feeling that Axl is a bit of bitter towards Slash . So why the bad blood ? In the mid 90s , Axl replaced Slash 's guitar track with that of their childhood friend , Paul Tobias in a cover of Rolling Stones ' Sympathy For The Devil for the soundtrack of Interview With The Vampire . Slash got upset and left the band . In February of 2011 , Slash went on record and stated that if Axl we 're to call them an apology , all would be forgiven and he 'd reunite and reform Guns 'n Roses . Axl still refuses .
Campo Santo 's Firewatch is an indie game hit , with publisher Panic reporting that the game has sold over 500,000 copies , bringing in $ 10 million in revenue .
Whenever developers leave established studios and set off on their own to work in the indie game scene , it 's a major risk . These developers are often leaving behind “ sure thing ” jobs in order to work on their video game dream projects . For the developers at Campo Santo , that gamble has paid off , as Firewatch has proven to be very lucrative within its first month on sale .
Firewatch , a narrative-driven video game developed by former Walking Dead and Mark of the Ninja devs , has sold over 500,000 copies across PC and PlayStation 4 . This equates to about $ 10 million in revenue , not counting the cut taken by digital storefronts , and makes Firewatch an inarguable sales success .
Firewatch was the best-selling PSN game of February , but the PC version has resulted in the developers having an additional source of revenue . This is thanks to Firewatch ‘ s photo-printing feature on PC , which allows users to print off actual photographs taken with the in-game camera . According to Firewatch ‘ s publisher Panic , over 1,000 photo sets have been sold since launch , resulting in another $ 15,000 in revenue for the game .
The camera sets represent a unique way for Campo Santo to generate additional cash from the game . While some may scoff at the idea of paying real world money for prints of in-game photos , Campo Santo did make the photo printing part of the Firewatch universe , going so far as to have Delilah voice actor Cissy Jones mention the one-hour photo company Fotodome in the game . The photo sets give players a physical reward in exchange for their money , which some may find preferable to purchasing digital media like cosmetic DLC items , for example .
Overall , the sales success of Firewatch is not that surprising . Even though it is an indie game , the title released to a healthy amount of critical acclaim , with our own Firewatch review giving the title high marks as well . There 's also the strong resumes of the Campo Santo staff , who likely drew their fair share of fans to the project . The success of Firewatch means that even more eyes will be watching Campo Santo to see what game the company will produce next , and after Firewatch , the bar has been set pretty high .
Are you one of the 500,000 gamers that downloaded Firewatch ? Did you enjoy the game , or were you disappointed by it ? Are you excited to see what Campo Santo will create next ? Get at us in the comments below and leave us your thoughts on Campo Santo and Firewatch .
Firewatch is currently available for PC and PlayStation 4 .
Source : Polygon
Before the end of the first year of life , infants begin to lose the ability to perceive distinctions between sounds that are not phonemic in their native language . It is typically assumed that this developmental change reflects the construction of language-specific phoneme categories , but how these categories are learned largely remains a mystery . Peperkamp , Le Calvez , Nadal , and Dupoux ( 2006 ) present an algorithm that can discover phonemes using the distributions of allophones as well as the phonetic properties of the allophones and their contexts . We show that a third type of information source , the occurrence of pairs of minimally differing word forms in speech heard by the infant , is also useful for learning phonemic categories and is in fact more reliable than purely distributional information in data containing a large number of allophones . In our model , learners build an approximation of the lexicon consisting of the high-frequency n-grams present in their speech input , allowing them to take advantage of top-down lexical information without needing to learn words . This may explain how infants have already begun to exhibit sensitivity to phonemic categories before they have a large receptive lexicon .
Copyright © 2012 Cognitive Science Society , Inc .
A 21-year-old Army veteran was shot and killed in their neighborhood Sunday . A suspect has not been arrested.According to authorities , Francisco Garcia was shot and killed after a dispute broke out during a party near their girlfriend 's home near Dronfield Avenue and Astoria Street around 2 a.m . The LAPD first reported that the party was meant as a homecoming celebration for Garcia . Garcia 's sister later clarified that they had returned home from a tour of duty in Afghanistan four months ago.Police said at some point during the night , Garcia and their friends decided to move the party a few blocks away from the home . Garcia was standing on the sidewalk with friends when a dark SUV and a white Honda Accord or Toyota pulled up across the street . A Hispanic man in their 20s exited the SUV and smashed a beer bottle on the ground and yelled at Garcia from across the way . The man then walked over to white car , was given a handgun from someone inside and began shooting.Garcia died at the scene , police said . Police are trying to determine details regarding the dispute.Police believe Garcia and the suspect knew each other . `` They knew each other in some kind of fashion because there was a dispute going on , '' said LAPD Det . Juan Santa . `` I do n't know how well they knew each other . `` Detectives said they believe the people inside the two cars had come from another location and had not been at the party earlier in the night.Neighbors say they heard two sets of gunfire , followed by Garcia 's friends screaming for someone to dial 911 . Detectives have recovered several bullet casings from the scene . There were no other injuries.Friends remembered Garcia as a very outgoing person , who had plans to start a family when they returned home . Garcia had also recently been accepted to the California Highway Patrol academy . `` I do n't know why this would happen to him , '' said friend Maddy Merez , who began crying . `` I know they really wanted kids too . That 's a big thing . They told me they wanted kids when they came back . `` A memorial began to grow at the site of the shooting Sunday morning . A vigil for Garcia was held at 6 p.m. '' He 's the best brother in the world . Sweetest . Big heart . Never hurt anybody , '' sister Valerie Garcia said.The LAPD also first reported that Garcia was 22 years old ; they were 21.Garcia 's family is raising funds for their funeral . To donate , gofundme.com/h0x0dg Anyone with information is asked to contact detectives at ( 818 ) 838-9948 or Crimestoppers at ( 800 ) 222-TIPS .
Because of testing inefficiencies , maintenance inadequacies and other factors , cars , trucks and buses worldwide emit 4.6 million tons more harmful nitrogen oxide ( NO x ) than standards allow , according to a new study co-authored by University of Colorado Boulder researchers .
The study , published in Nature , shows these excess emissions alone lead to 38,000 premature deaths annually worldwide , including 1,100 deaths in the United States .
The findings reveal major inconsistencies between what vehicles emit during testing and what they emit in the real world -- a problem that 's far more severe , said the researchers , than the incident in 2015 , when federal regulators discovered Volkswagen had been fitting millions of new diesel cars with `` defeat devices . ''
The devices sense when a vehicle is undergoing testing and reduce emissions to comply with government standards . Excess emissions from defeat devices have been linked to about 50 to 100 U.S. deaths per year , studies show .
`` A lot of attention has been paid to defeat devices , but our work emphasizes the existence of a much larger problem , '' said Daven Henze , an associate professor of mechanical engineering at CU Boulder who , along with postdoctoral researcher Forrest Lacey , contributed to the study . `` It shows that in addition to tightening emissions standards , we need to be attaining the standards that already exist in real-world driving conditions . ''
The research was conducted in partnership with the International Council on Clean Transportation , a Washington , D.C.-based nonprofit organization , and Environmental Health Analytics LLC .
For the paper , the researchers assessed 30 studies of vehicle emissions under real-world driving conditions in 11 major vehicle markets representing 80 percent of new diesel vehicle sales in 2015 . Those markets include Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , the European Union , India , Japan , Mexico , Russia , South Korea and the United States .
They found that in 2015 , diesel vehicles emitted 13.1 million tons of NO x , a chemical precursor to particulate matter and ozone . Exposure in humans can lead to heart disease , stroke , lung cancer and other health problems . Had the emissions met standards , the vehicles would have emitted closer to 8.6 million tons of NO x .
Heavy-duty vehicles , such as commercial trucks and buses , were by far the largest contributor worldwide , accounting for 76 percent of the total excess NO x emissions .
Henze used computer modeling and NASA satellite data to simulate how particulate matter and ozone levels are , and will be , impacted by excess NO x levels in specific locations . The team then computed the impacts on health , crops and climate .
`` The consequences of excess diesel NO x emissions for public health are striking , '' said Susan Anenberg , co-lead author of the study and co-founder of Environmental Health Analytics LLC .
China suffers the greatest health impact with 31,400 deaths annually attributed to diesel NO x pollution , with 10,700 of those deaths linked to excess NO x emissions beyond certification limits . In Europe , where diesel-passenger cars are common , 28,500 deaths annually are attributed to diesel NO x pollution , with 11,500 of those deaths linked to excess emissions .
The study projects that by 2040 , 183,600 people will die prematurely each year due to diesel vehicle NO x emissions unless governments act .
The authors say emission certification tests , both prior to sale and by vehicle owners , could be more accurate if they were to simulate a broader variety of speeds , driving styles and ambient temperatures . Some European countries now use portable testing devices that track emissions of a car in motion .
`` Tighter vehicle emission standards coupled with measures to improve real-world compliance could prevent hundreds of thousands of early deaths from air pollution-related diseases each year , '' said Anenberg .
Junior dos Santos will have their hands full Saturday when they face Alistair Overeem at UFC on FOX 17 in Orlando , but he 's already thinking ahead .
During a Reddit Ask Me Anything session with fans , Dos Santos says history will repeat itself if he 's booked against UFC heavyweight champion Fabricio Werdum .
`` It would be the same thing , '' Werdum said . `` I would knock them out . ''
It only took Dos Santos 80 seconds to KO Werdum during their promotional debut at UFC 90 back in 2008 . Dos Santos went on to win 'Knockout of the Night ' honors while Werdum was pushed out of the division .
Werdum made their way to rival Strikforce , where they would score the win of their career in a first-round submission of former PRIDE heavyweight champion Fedor Emelianenko .
Werdum then went on to lose a frustrating decision to Overeem in the Heavyweight Grand Prix Quarterfinal in 2011 , but has gone 6-0 since rejoining the UFC . If Dos Santos can succeed where Werdum failed , the former heavyweight champ wants their title shot .
`` I think with a win I will be next in line , '' said Dos Santos . `` I 'm ready to get that belt back ! ''
5 MUST-READ STORIES
209 . Unhappy he 's not on the fight poster , Nate Diaz says he 's the `` money fight '' for Conor McGregor at lightweight .
Cowboy . Donald Cerrone talks about their UFC on FOX 17 fight against Rafael dos Anjos , their long journey to get to Orlando , what winning the belt means to them and more .
Parting ways . Former WSOF exec Ali Abdel-Aziz discusses why they and WSOF parted ways , their role as a manager moving forward , their response to recent allegations about their past , and much more .
'10 years wo n't be erased in 13 seconds . ' Jose Aldo gets a hero 's welcome in their return to Brazil and discusses their options .
Reconciliation . After years of feuding , Ken Shamrock will have their brother Frank in their corner against Royce Gracie .
MEDIA STEW
Nate Diaz 's fan Q & A .
Daniel Cormier and Urijah Faber count down their top 5 bad guys .
Wrapping up Cowboy 's roadtrip to Orlando .
Eddie Alvarez says Anthony Pettis has n't beaten anyone they are n't supposed to , wants rematch with Cerrone .
Luke Rockhold hated putting that beating on Chris Weidman .
Darth Bader has no love for the Jedi .
Long watches .
UFC 194 Aftermath , Conor McGregor vs the UFC - If I Did It
...
TWEETS
I see what you did there .
Agree ?
Buds .
It 's time .
Yo @ lukerockhold , maybe we should update this photo . # myday1 # weareaka # foreststliving haha A photo posted by Daniel `` DC '' Cormier ( @ dc_mma ) on Dec 17 , 2015 at 7:10am PST
Sounds good .
Bad week turned around . Clear MRI and blood work for the little guy . https : //t.co/g7htua3GQR — Joe Lauzon ( @ JoeLauzon ) December 17 , 2015
Get well soon .
Stiches out , and I look RUGGED AF # chicksdigscars pic.twitter.com/Yx7XzhCd00 — The Spartan ( @ EliasTheodorou ) December 17 , 2015
Happy Holidays .
Star Wars Lightsaber commercial I did in 2011 ! Let the Force be with you # starwars # lightsaber pic.twitter.com/n55JiKgqa9 — Sage Northcutt ( @ sagenorthcutt ) December 16 , 2015
FIGHT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Announced yesterday ( Dec. 17 2015 )
Paul Bradley vs. Chris Honeycutt at Bellator 148
Anthony Avila vs. John Reedy at Bellator 148
Javy Ayala vs. Carl Seumanutafa at Bellator 148
Art Arciniega vs. Justin Smitley at Bellator 148
Martin Svensson vs. David Teymur at UFC Fight Night : Bisping vs. Mousasi
Found something you 'd like to see in the Morning Report ? Just hit me up on Twitter @ SaintMMA and we 'll include it in tomorrow 's column .
SELF CONTROL is one of our most cherished values . We applaud those who have the discipline to regulate their appetites and actions , and we try hard to instill this virtue in our children . Think of the marketing slogans that key off the desire for restraint : “ Just say no. ” “ Just do it. ” We celebrate the power of the mind to make hard choices , despite our emotions or other temptations , and keep us on course .
But what if we ca n't just do it ? What if “ it ” is too difficult or if our strategy for success is misguided ? Is it possible that willpower actually might be an obstacle rather than a means to happiness and harmony ? Can we have too much of a good thing ?
Two Tufts University psychologists believe there may be some truth to this possibility . Evan P. Apfelbaum and Samuel R. Sommers were intrigued by the notion that too much self-control may indeed have a downside—and that relinquishing some personal power might be paradoxically tonic , both for individuals and for society . They decided to test this idea in the laboratory .
Your Inner Bigot
They explored the virtue of powerlessness in the arena of race relations . They figured that well-intentioned people are careful—sometimes hypercareful—not to say the wrong thing about race in a mixed-race group . Furthermore , they thought that such effortful self-control might actually cause both unease and dishonesty , which could in turn be misconstrued as racial prejudice .
To test this theory , they first deliberately sapped the mental powers of a number of volunteers . This practice is not as diabolical as it sounds . Researchers ran the participants through a series of computer-based mental exercises that are so challenging that the subjects temporarily deplete their cognitive reserves needed for discipline . Once they had the volunteers in this compromised state of mind , they put the group ( and others who were not so depleted ) into a social situation with the potential for racial tension . Here it is :
Each white subject is left alone in a room . A black man enters and asks if the volunteer will consent to a brief interview on the issue of how universities should guarantee racial diversity . This question is ostensibly unrelated to the self-control experiment , but in fact that is a ruse . The interviewer asks the participant to share any thoughts they or they might have on this “ hot topic , ” and the conversation is recorded .
It was that simple , although sometimes the interviewers were white , to serve as controls . Afterward , the volunteers rated the interaction for comfort , awkwardness and enjoyment . In addition , independent judges—both black and white—analyzed the five-minute interactions , commenting on how cautious the volunteers were , how direct in their answers , and how racially prejudiced .
Failure of Control
The results were provocative . As reported in the February issue of the journal Psychological Science , those who were mentally depleted—that is , those who did not have the energy to exert personal discipline and self-control—found talking about race with a black man much more enjoyable than did those whose self-control was intact . That outcome is presumably because they were not working so hard at monitoring and curbing what they said . It may seem counterintuitive , but being cognitively drained made them less inhibited and more candid , which felt good .
And it was n't just the volunteers ' perceptions of the experience : the independent black observers found that the powerless volunteers were much more direct and authentic in conversation . And perhaps most striking , blacks saw the less inhibited whites as less prejudiced against blacks . In other words , relinquishing power over oneself appears to thwart overthinking and “ liberate ” people for more authentic relationships .
Race relations is just one arena of life where a little powerlessness may go a long way . Addiction recovery is another . One of the guiding principles of 12-step programs is that too much self-reliance can be harmful and that powerlessness is a necessary precursor of the emotional balance needed for sobriety . But self-reliance is so deeply ingrained in us that it pervades our work lives , our relationships and our health choices , so it is a real challenge to accept that it might sometimes be a character flaw . It is good to remember that the volunteers here were not only perceived as fairer ; they themselves felt happier . Where else might we be acting too smart for our own good ?
Note : This article was originally printed with the title , `` Try a Little Powerlessness . ''
The four Game of Thrones episodes that leaked earlier today have been downloaded millions of times already . A snapshot of the download locations reveals that most downloaders currently come from the UK and the US , followed by India , Canada and France .
Today 's pre-release leak of four Game of Thrones episodes is without doubt one of the most prominent leaks in TV history .
The first copies , leaked from a review screener , appeared less than 24 hours ago on the private tracker IPT and quickly spread across public torrent sites .
During the first few hours there were n't too many downloads , but that quickly changed after the news reached the mainstream press .
At the time of writing more than 135,000 people are sharing a single torrent of the first episode of season 5 , which has already been downloaded over a million times since its release 18 hours ago .
The other three episodes are hovering around a million downloads as well , and that 's only via public torrent sites . The piracy totals will most likely double if the totals of streaming and direct download sites are added .
The most shared leaked GoT episodes
While there 's certainly a piracy craze , with the four leaked episodes being the most pirated files globally at the moment , there 's no record to report just yet .
The unexpected release appears to have scattered the downloads throughout the day . As a result , last year 's record of 254,114 people sharing a single file at the same time is out of reach .
Still , more than a million downloads for a single episode in less than a day is quite impressive .
A snapshot of IP-addresses sharing the most downloaded episode shows that most originate from the UK and US , followed by India , Canada and France .
While all those pirates are surely having a great weekend now , the hangover will probably come later with the realization that it will take more than a month before the next episode comes online .
—
# Country % City % torrentfreak.com 1 United Kingdom 9.8 % London 3.3 % 2 United States 9.1 % Athens 2.4 % 3 India 7.8 % Lisbon 1.9 % 4 Canada 5.4 % Stockholm 1.8 % 5 France 4.2 % Bucharest 1.7 % 6 Greece 3.3 % Madrid 1.7 % 7 The Netherlands 3.1 % Mumbai 1.4 % 8 Australia 3.1 % Dubai 1.3 % 9 Brazil 3.0 % New Delhi 1.3 % 10 Philippines 3.0 % Toronto 1.1 %
Note : The numbers are based on a sample of 21,445 IP-addresses collected over part of the day , which means that there 's a geographical bias . Also , downloaders who use VPNs may appear to be in a different country .
In an interview with HuffPost Live on Tuesday , author and self-proclaimed spiritual leader Deepak Chopra attacked atheist Richard Dawkins for being an “ adolescent ” in debates about spirituality .
Host Caroline Modarressy-Tehrani began by reading an excerpt from Chopra 's book , The Future of God , in which they wrote that “ Dawkins has alienated even those who share their atheism because they arrogantly suppose that they took out the patent on rationality . No logic works but his . ”
“ Why do you think their beliefs are so threatening , ” they then asked , “ his militant atheism ? ”
“ It antagonizes people . By the way , I did n't invent the word ‘ militant atheism , ' ” Chopra replied . “ He uses that expression to describe himself , and says if you 're not a militant atheist , you 're stupid . ”
“ I think [ Dawkins ] is a fundamentalist , ” they continued , “ just on the other side of the divide . Their version of reality is what we call 'empirical reality ' — if you can see if it 's real , if you ca n't see if it 's not real . But we know you ca n't see your thoughts , feelings , emotions , desires , creativity , choice and they 're real . Your inner world is real . ”
“ In the book , ” Chopra said , “ I talk about the ‘ visible domain , ' then the ‘ subtle domain ' — which is the rich , inner world that you experience — and then something that transcends even that , a ‘ non-local domain ' which is the source . ”
“ So , [ Dawkins ] version of reality is called ‘ naive realism . ' They have no idea of what reality is . ”
Modarressy-Tehrani then reads Chopra a tweet : “ Dawkins ' logic is based on evidence ? What is your logic based on ? ”
“ Where does evidence come from ? ” they replied . “ Empirical evidence is an expression of our consciousness . If we were n't conscious , we would n't experience reality . ”
“ So which is more real ? ” Chopra asked . “ That which you see , or that which makes seeing possible ? They talk about logic and rationality , but what is the source of logic and rationality ? Why does the universe make rational sense to us ? Where does rationality come from , if not in consciousness ? ”
“ Unless you talk about consciousness , ” they declared , “ you 're talking about a rationality that 's bamboozled by the superstition of materialism . ”
Chopra concluded by characterizing Dawkins ' position as “ the adolescence of spiritual seeking . You start with atheism , because you doubt that there 's a deity — but if you stop there , you have n't grown . You have to question everything , including the experience of the material world . ”
Watch Modarressy-Tehrani interview Deepak Chopra below via HuffPost Live .
DEMOCRATS have been reluctant to swallow any extension of the Bush tax cuts that preserves the cuts on income over $ 250,000 per year . But it 's been clear from the start that this was the candy Republicans might demand in order to cede on any Democratic priorities in the lame-duck session of Congress . And , indeed , the deal announced last night between Barack Obama and the GOP congressional leadership includes Republican support for extending unemployment insurance , a payroll-tax cut , and a business-investment tax cut in exchange for preserving the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy for two more years , along with a big cut in the estate tax on millionaires . Some Democrats are unhappy with this deal . Others are willing to live with it . Ezra Klein , who likes the deal on balance , captures the ambivalence in two posts over two days . Today they say , `` The tax cuts for income over $ 250,000 are a bad way to spend $ 100 billion or so , and the estate tax deal is really noxious , '' but yesterday , they hoped those tax cuts would n't be entirely destructive : `` It 's not the most stimulative way to spend $ 100 billion , but it 's more stimulative than not spending it , or than raising taxes . ''
But what about the stimulative effect of the upper-income , as opposed to lower-income , tax cuts ? How big will it be ? Mike Konczal points us to research on this subject by the Congressional Budget Office . In September , the CBO found that those $ 100 billion in tax cuts on income above $ 250,000 would reduce unemployment in 2011 and 2012 by ... somewhere between 0.1 % and nothing at all .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The CBO 's Doug Elmendorf explains : `` ( T ) he economic impact per dollar of revenue reduction from the full extension would be smaller than that from partial extension because a greater proportion of the tax savings from the full extension would go to relatively high income households , which tend to spend less of an increase in income than lower-income households do . ''
Meanwhile , today the Center for American Progress 's Michael Linden and Michael Ettlinger take the principle a step further and ask how many jobs would be created by letting the Bush tax cuts for income above $ 250,000 expire , and then using that revenue to fund a bigger payroll-tax cut for lower earners . Their answer , based on a combination of multipliers from the CBO and from economist Mark Zandi : an extra 500,000 jobs .
One of the reasons it 's so hard to have political discussions about these kinds of issues is that there 's little agreement at this point on fundamental economic gestalts . Some people , most of the GOP leadership for example , say they do n't think government stimulus works to reduce unemployment , since money the government spends on one thing is simply taken away from elsewhere in the economy . If you think this , of course , then you also think that tax cuts do n't boost employment , since the money the government fails to collect in taxes must simply be collected elsewhere in the economy by borrowing . But if , like most serious economists and the CBO , you think that government spending or tax cuts do boost employment in the short run , then you enter a discussion as to what forms of spending or tax cuts are most efficient at boosting employment . Clearly , $ 100 billion for somewhere between zero and 100,000 jobs is pretty poor performance . Giving more government money to rich people just is n't a good way to get people working . But given that Democratic hopes for an infrastructure-based stimulus programme are politically impossible , the current compromise is probably the best they could do for themselves .
Hall of Famer Warren Sapp announced Tuesday that when they die they will donate their brain to the Concussion Legacy Foundation because `` I wanted this game to be better when I left than when I got into it . ''
Sapp , 44 , made the announcement in a video posted on The Players ' Tribune . They say an email they received from former running back Fred Willis was the impetus for their decision .
Sapp said the email `` had quotes from NFL owners -- I mean down the line you could see it : There 's no correlation between football , CTE , suicides , and all this foolish stuff . ... I mean where are you getting this information from and then spewing it out as if it 's fact ? ''
Sapp , a seven-time Pro Bowl selection who retired in 2008 after 13 seasons ( nine with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and four with the Oakland Raiders ) , said football has affected their memory .
`` We 're playing in a macho league and we 're talking about Hall of Famers now who are immortalized forever , made busts and everything . Legends of the game , '' they said . `` There 's no way any of us wan na really admit that we ca n't remember how to get home or a grocery list that the wife has given us or how to go pick up our kids to the school , or whatever it may be .
`` You try to [ say ] , 'All right , I 'm gon na get a little more sleep -- maybe it 's something I did last night , maybe something I drank , ' or whatever it is . You try to find a reason that it 's not that it 's my brain , that I 'm not deteriorating right before my own eyes .
`` It 's the most frightening feeling , but it 's also a very weakening feeling because you feel like a child . I need help . I need somebody to help me find something that I could 've found with my eyes closed , in the dead of night , half asleep . ''
`` I used to call myself an elephant in the room . Never forget anything . Man , I wake up now and be like , 'OK , what are we doing ? Let me get the phone . ' '' Warren Sapp
The former defensive lineman , who was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2013 , says they now have to use reminders on their phone to help them remember simple tasks .
`` I used to call myself an elephant in the room . Never forget anything . Man , I wake up now and be like , 'OK , what are we doing ? ' Let me get the phone . I mean with the reminders in the phones , it really helped me get through my day with appointments and different things that I have to do because it 's just , I ca n't remember any more like I used to .
`` And it 's from the banging we did as football players . We used to tackle them by the head , used to grab facemasks . We used to allow Deacon Jones to do the head slap . All of that was something that we had to take away from the game . We used to hit quarterbacks below the knees . Now it 's a strike zone . Let 's keep making the game better , '' they said .
Sapp said those improvements should start at the youth level by eliminating tackling until players get to high school .
Edwin Wendell Pauley Sr. ( January 7 , 1903 – July 28 , 1981 ) was an American business person and political leader .
Early life [ edit ]
Born in Indianapolis , Indiana to Elbert L. Pauley and the former Ellen Van Petten , they attended Occidental College , in northeast Los Angeles , during 1919–1920 before transferring to the University of California , Berkeley , where they were a member of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity , earning a Bachelor of Science in 1922 and a Master of Science the following year . [ 1 ]
Business career [ edit ]
Pauley made their fortune running oil companies from the mid-1920s onward . They founded The Petrol Corp. in 1923 . Pauley was president of Fortuna Petroleum by 1933 . In 1947 they bought Coconut Island in Hawaii , as a private retreat . [ 2 ] Several of their deals involved Zapata Corporation , run by George H. W. Bush , including a joint-venture with Pemargo in 1960 . In 1958 they founded Pauley Petroleum which , with Howard Hughes , expanded oil production in the Gulf of Mexico .
Later Pauley also became a founding part-owner of television station KTVU in Oakland , a part-owner of the Los Angeles Rams football team and a director of Western Airlines .
Politics [ edit ]
Pauley became involved with the Democratic Party as a fundraiser in the 1930s , eventually becoming Treasurer of the Democratic National Committee . In 1940 , they served as a member of the Interstate Oil and Compact Commission . They were a friend and confidante of U.S . Senator Harry S. Truman , and through Truman 's influence , President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed Pauley as Petroleum Coordinator of Lend-Lease Supplies for the Soviet Union and the United Kingdom in 1941 . They were director of the 1944 Democratic National Convention .
As president , Truman appointed them United States representative to the Allied Reparations Committee from 1945–1947 . With the rank of ambassador , as well as industrial and commercial advisor to the Potsdam Conference , their chief task was to renegotiate the reparations agreements formulated at the Yalta Conference ( many of which affected eventual C.I.A . director Allen Dulles 's former clients ) . When Truman tried to appoint them Under Secretary of the Navy in 1946 , Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes resigned in protest , claiming that while Pauley was Treasurer of the Democratic National Committee , they had suggested to Ickes that $ 300,000 ( $ 4.27 million in 2019 dollars ) in campaign funds could be raised if the Interior Department would drop its fight against the State of California for ownership of oil-rich offshore lands . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Ickes 's resignation scuttled the appointment , and Pauley worked behind the scenes thereafter .
By successive appointments from several California governors , Pauley served as a University of California Regent from 1940 to 1972 . [ 7 ] As a regent , they were staunchly opposed to the creation of the University of California , San Diego . [ 8 ] The Pauley Pavilion at the University of California , Los Angeles is named in the honor of their philanthropy and service as a Regent . [ 9 ] A smaller dedication to Pauley exists at their alma mater , the University of California , Berkeley : the Pauley Ballroom , which can seat up to 1,000 people in the Martin Luther King Jr. Student Union .
By the 1960s , Pauley came to support Ronald Reagan , and was by far the Board of Regents ' harshest critic of UC Berkeley student protesters . [ 10 ]
1965–1972 : CIA , FBI , and UC Berkeley anti-war protests [ edit ]
In 1965 , Pauley was serving as a Regent at the University of California , when anti-Vietnam war campus protests began to grow . At Pauley 's request , CIA Director John McCone met with FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover on January 28 and Hoover agreed to leak to Pauley information about UC System President Clark Kerr . ( See memo regarding McCone 's request to meet with Hoover . McCone graduated from UC Berkeley in 1922 , the year before Pauley . ) At that meeting , McCone told Hoover that Pauley was very upset about the `` situation at Berkeley '' , and was `` anxious to get a line on any persons who are communists or have communist associations , either on the faculty or in the student body . '' As soon as McCone left their office , Hoover phoned Los Angeles FBI chief Wesley Grapp , and ordered them to give Pauley anonymous memos on regents , faculty members , and students who were `` causing trouble at Berkeley . '' Hoover admonished Grapp , `` It must be impressed upon Mr. Pauley that this data is being furnished in strict confidence . `` [ 11 ]
1965 memo regarding J. Edgar Hoover meeting CIA Director John McCone , re : UC Berkeley protests .
Five days later ( February 2 ) Grapp met with Pauley for two hours at their office in the Pauley Petroleum Building in Los Angeles . Grapp provided them information from FBI files on other Regents , faculty , and students who were considered `` ultra-liberal . '' The CIA and FBI worked in conjunction with Ronald Reagan , who sought to mount a `` psychological warfare campaign '' against the budding Free Speech Movement and anti-war sit-ins , including using tax-evasion and `` any other available '' charges in which the FBI agreed to assist . `` This has been done in the past , and has worked quite successfully , '' Hoover noted . [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
( This information was not made public until 2002 , after a fifteen-year legal battle with the FBI that went all the way to the US Supreme Court , as a result of a FOIA request for an in-depth San Francisco Chronicle investigation . The FBI had claimed it needed to maintain secrecy to `` protect law enforcement operations . '' The National Security Act of 1947 bars the CIA from engaging in domestic intelligence activities . ) [ 14 ]
Pauley began the February 2 , 1965 meeting with Grapp by saying they were upset about the Free Speech Movement and recalled that `` obnoxious question ... concerning the FBI being a secret police '' ( referring to a 1959 entry exam question . ) They told Grapp they had `` no use for [ UC President ] Kerr '' and had accused Kerr of being a `` communist or a communist follower . '' Pauley explained that the 24-member Board of Regents was divided and that their faction wanted `` strong positive action taken immediately to clean up the mess . `` [ citation needed ] The problem , they said , was that so far he 'd been unable to muster the votes to fire Kerr . They blamed the impasse on three `` ultra-liberal '' regents who staunchly backed Kerr . Governor Pat Brown ( D ) ) had named to the board : William Coblentz ( Brown 's former special counsel ) ; William M. Roth ( member of the ACLU executive committee ) ; and Elinor Raas Heller ( member of the Democratic National Committee ) .
Pauley told Grapp that in the 1950s the FBI secretly gave the university reports on professors it was considering hiring . They said they wanted to restore the procedure—which the FBI had code-named the Responsibilities Program—and offered to pay someone to check FBI files . After Pauley promised not to reveal that the FBI was their source , Grapp gave them a report on UC Berkeley immunology professor Leon Wofsy that summarized news stories from 1945 to 1956 , noting that Wofsy had been a self-avowed Communist Party official who tried to get young people involved with the party . The report failed to note that since 1957 the FBI had found no evidence that Wofsy had been involved with the party . [ 15 ]
On February 4 , 1965 , Grapp told Hoover that Pauley could be used as a source on internal University affairs , and could harass and remove suspected communists on the faculty and the Board of Regents . Hoover approved , and one week later Pauley was given confidential information on Coblentz , Roth and Heller . Pauley , Grapp reported to Hoover , was `` most appreciative '' of the information on their opponents . As Pauley saw it , according to Grapp 's report , UC would remain in turmoil `` as long as the current officials were in power at the university . `` [ 15 ]
That fall , thousands of students joined the escalating protests . To Pauley and the FBI , it was further proof that Kerr had lost control of the university . Pauley confided to Grapp that two alumni were taking things into their own hands . They had recruited athletes to `` beat up the demonstrators '' and hired a barber to `` forcibly 'shear ' the students who need it . `` [ 16 ] Grapp continued to slip Pauley anonymous memos about students and faculty—at least two dozen more—that they could use in persuading the regents to fire Kerr . But in October , a frustrated Pauley told Grapp they were still `` two votes short to fire Clark Kerr . `` [ citation needed ] Kerr would remain in charge of the university , it seemed , as long as Brown remained governor .
When Ronald Reagan was elected California 's governor in 1966 , after campaigning against `` campus malcontents and filthy speech advocates '' at Berkeley , one of their first moves was to fire Kerr . Reagan 's Legal Affairs Secretary , Herbert Ellingwood , met with FBI agent Cartha `` Deke '' DeLoach at FBI Headquarters , and noted that Reagan was `` dedicated to the destruction of disruptive elements on college campuses . `` [ 17 ]
Philanthropy [ edit ]
After their retirement from the UC system , Pauley concentrated on their many philanthropic interests and business concerns . They were particularly interested in promoting the use of their Coconut Island in Kāne'ohe Bay , Oahu , Hawaii by the University of Hawaii at Manoa and its Hawaiʻi Institute of Marine Biology . [ 18 ] They kept about half of the island for the use of their family—his wife Bobbi , their son , Stephen M. Pauley and daughter , Susie Pauley and eventually their families . After Pauley 's death in 1981 , their widow Bobbi Pauley established the Edwin W. Pauley Foundation to continue their philanthropic work . In 1995 , the Pauley family presented the University of Hawai ` i with a gift of the private portion of the ca . 24-acre ( 97,000 m2 ) island to the University , and provided funds for the building of a new library and laboratory buildings for the Institute . Built on a living coral reef , the Institute is now one of the world 's premier locations for the study of marine biology .
References [ edit ]
Edwin W. Pauley at Find a Grave
Tamsin Greig has explained why they think Friday Night Dinner has grown in popularity .
The Episodes actor told The Express that they think everyone can relate to the Goodman family .
They said : `` Families are families . We 've all got them , more or less , and we all know what it 's like to be bullied by another generation . Jackie is pushed around by their children because they have an overwhelming need to be wanted by their two sons .
`` But they need them just as much . Adam and Jonny come home every Friday night and eat them food . So both parties need each other . ''
Greig also thinks the comedy show is truthful in the way it shows their character , Jackie , fuss over their adult sons .
They added : `` You step over the threshold of your parents ' home and you 're instantly transported back to your childhood .
`` It 's like time travel . You revert at once to a place of arrested development . The Goodmans ' constant fighting is also very childish . Everyone turns into a child when they do n't get their way .
`` We 're all just idiot children pretending to be grown-ups . ''
Friday Night Dinner series three begins Friday , June 20 on Channel 4 . Watch a trailer below :
Photograph taken by UPI Photo Editor Bill Snead in May 1968 of Dan Southerland and South Vietnamese soldiers . The UPI journalists and soldiers were in Saigon overlooking street fighting , which included snipers and some rocket fire . Photo courtesy of Dan Southerland
A wounded Viet Cong soldier on the floor following the Tet Offensive of 1968 , one of the most extensive military campaigns in the Vietnam War . Photo courtesy of Dan Southerland
Dan Southerland , a South Vietnamese Marine officer and a wounded Viet Cong soldier on the outskirts of Saigon during the `` Mini-Tet Offensive '' of May 1968 . Photo courtesy of Dan Southerland
Dan Southerland waiting for a helicopter soon after arriving to Vietnam in 1966 as a rookie UPI reporter . Photo courtesy of Dan Southerland
Alan Dawson on their last assignment as UPI bureau chief in Saigon , later renamed to Ho Chi Minh City , on Sept. 2 , 1975 , during a celebration of Vietnam 's National Day . Dawson left Vietnam the next day under an expulsion order . Photo courtesy of Alan Dawson
Vietnam reporter Dan Southerland driving a `` Mini Moke '' vehicle as they delivered wounded Vietnamese to an ambulance that would not go into a dangerous area during one of the biggest rocket attacks on Saigon in May 1968 during the `` Mini-Tet Offensive . '' Heavy rocketing of the city lasted for 12 consecutive days . Photo courtesy of Dan Southerland
An Air America helicopter crew member helps evacuees up a ladder on the roof of 18 Gia Long St. in Saigon on April 29 , 1975 , shortly before the city fell to advancing North Vietnamese troops . An erroneous caption once described the helicopter as atop the U.S. Embassy . File Photo by Hugh Van Es/UPI | License Photo
WASHINGTON , April 28 ( UPI ) -- It was April 29 , 1975 , the last day of the Vietnam War , and people were desperate to get out of Saigon .
UPI photographer Hubert Van Es captured what became an iconic image of the fall of the city : a line of people trying to board a helicopter atop a building .
Van Es died in 2009 . But in a recollection of the event for The New York Times in 2005 , they told the story of the photo - and why most people are mistaken about what it shows .
About 11 a.m. that day , the evacuation of the foreign press corps began . Van Es , along with UPI Bureau Chief Alan Dawson and reporter Paul Vogle , decided to stay longer . About 2:30 p.m. , Van Es was the only photographer in the office when they were alerted that a helicopter had landed on the roof of a nearby apartment building where the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency station chief and some officers lived .
`` I grabbed my camera and the longest lens left in the office - it was only 300 millimeters , but it would have to do - and dashed to the balcony , '' they wrote in the Times piece . `` Looking at the Pittman Apartments , I could see 20 or 30 people on the roof , climbing the ladder to an Air America Huey helicopter . At the top of the ladder stood an American in civilian clothes , pulling people up and shoving them inside . ''
It took off with only about a dozen people inside .
Van Es rushed to transmit the photo , which in those days was done via radio signal .
Somewhere in the editing process , an erroneous caption was attached , stating that the helicopter in the photo was atop the U.S. Embassy roof , since that had been the main evacuation site -- and the scene of much panic and chaos as North Vietnamese troops were closing in .
Dan Southerland , who had landed in Vietnam as a rookie reporter for UPI before moving on to the Christian Science Monitor , recalled watching South Vietnamese civilians pressing to get through the embassy gates to safety .
In a recent interview with UPI , Southerland said they assumed many of the South Vietnamese people they knew would be mistreated under the new regime . So they spent their last days in Saigon attempting to arrange for several people to get onto military airplanes or helicopters .
`` Fortunately , I was able to get several Vietnamese out , but I was unable to persuade my old interpreter to leave , '' said Southerland , who is now an executive editor with Radio Free Asia . `` He was convinced that the Communists would do them no harm because they were relatively poor . They were wrong . They were interrogated and beaten up and finally had to flee a few years later by boat . ''
Ken Englade was a UPI field reporter from the Saigon bureau who worked seven days a week for three weeks at a time in the northern part of South Vietnam . Late on the 29th , he , too , was at the embassy gates .
`` We had a staff meeting ... to decide who wanted to try to make it off the embassy roof and who wanted to stay , '' they said in a recent interview .
He , Vogle and and UPI staffer Bert Okuley decided to evacuate .
`` When we got to the embassy , there was a large but subdued crowd in front of the gate , '' Englade said . `` We had to force our way through . Vietnamese were forcing slips of papers into our hands with their names in the belief that someone inside would recognize them and come to their rescue . It did n't happen . ''
`` I also had to fend off several women who tried to give their babies , '' Englade said . Englade , Okuley and Vogle were about halfway through the crowd when Vogle , tears streaming down their face , said , `` ' I ca n't do it . These are my people . ' ''
Vogle turned around and walked back .
Meanwhile , UPI audio editor Tom Foty , who now anchors radio newscasts for CBS News , was in New York City , taking Dawson 's final radio spots and putting them on the network for subscribers : `` I was on duty when the North Vietnamese troops marched into Saigon . ''
CBS TV aired those reports in its nightly broadcast anchored by the legendary journalist Walter Cronkite , who had also begun their career at UPI .
Dawson , who fought in the Vietnam War as a soldier left the Army to join UPI in 1970 . They became UPI 's bureau chief for Vietnam and Indochina in 1973 . They stayed on after the war until they were expelled by the new Communist government the following September .
Milwaukee County , the most populous county in the state , completed their recount last Friday , ahead of the Monday deadline . Waukesha , on the other hand , requested an extension and was given until May 26 to complete theirs .
Waukesha is the county directly west of Milwaukee and is one of the most red districts in the state . It was the place where , 2 days after the election on April 5 , County Clerk Kathy Nichlaus ( R ) `` discovered '' that they `` forgot '' to report the results of the largest city in the county which overturned a 200 vote lead ( with 100 % of the vote in ) for Joanne Kloppenburg into a 7,500 `` victory '' for RW Justice David Prossers re-election . While it was not the first `` human error '' in Kathy Nichlaus 's notorious history running elections in that county , they continue to be re-elected to the same public office in charge of Waukeshas elections . What happened was tantamount to Wisconsin reporting 100 % of the results in a presidential election and 2 days later saying they `` forgot '' to include the votes from Milwaukee , the largest city in the state .
Problems with the Waukesha recount began with the first ballot bags opened . The ID tags on those bags did n't match the number of the tags that the bags were supposed to have leading to chain of custody concerns ( i.e . did someone open those bags , manipulate the ballots , then close the bags with another undocumented tag ? ) .
Their recount has been proceeding slowly . Officials say that the slow recount is due to the high level of scrutiny and media attention . That might be a factor , however , there are other factors which are responsible :
They were using fewer recount staff
They have now increased the number of ballot counters ( they call them `` tabulators '' ) and moved to a larger room .
They are recounting fewer hours
Milwaukee County schedule their recount to begin at 8 AM and run through 6 PM every day . Waukesha appears to run a 10:30 AM - 4:30 PM schedule .
The process is inefficient
Where Milwaukee County recounters handled an entire ward at a time , from verifying the number of voters to verifying the tag number and opening the ballot bags to counting the ballots to verifying the vote count to ensuring that the number of voters and number of ballots matched to closing and retagging the ballot bags and then moving on to the next ward , the Waukesha process seems fragmented . Yesterday , I saw ballots sorted and counted , but had no idea of the number of voters or whether the ballot count matched the voter count or if the number of voters had been verified earlier that day ( I came in the afternoon ) .
On top of that , every single action must be directed by an election supervisor . For example , the supervisor directed first that ballots be sorted into 2 piles of abscentee votes and `` regular '' votes . After that was done they waited for the next direction which was to resort the `` regular '' votes into 3 piles with questionable votes and no votes in the Supreme Court election placed in separate piles . After doing that , the tabulators waited for the next direction which was to count the `` normal '' ballot into stacks of 25 ballots each . More waiting . The next direction was to sort the stacks of 25 into stacks of 100 ballots . Later the total number of regular ballots , abscentee ballots , no votes , and questionable ballots were determined . After that , all of the counts from the 4 tabulators who had about 100 ballots each were combined into a total .
Following that , an empty bin was provided to move the sorted ballots to an optical scanner to be counted . It was only then that I discovered that another table of 4 tabulators were doing the same thing with the rest of the ballots from that polling place . Those ballots were then combined for a grand total .
This means that 8 people were doing a job that 2 people would have done in Milwaukee County and there the same election workers and observers would do it from beginning to end for each polling place .
Then , more waiting until they were called by an election supervisor to one of two optical scanners for the actual vote count . As it was done in Milwaukee County , observers would count the ballots going into the scanner for `` their '' candidate in order to validate the count from the optical scanner when the recount was tabulated after the ballots were scanned .
More fragmentation
Ballots identified by the tabulators as no votes or `` questionable '' were removed from the machine count by an election supervisor . This concerned me since ballots should be kept together to ensure that they are n't mislabelled or misbagged . After raising objections to this separation , I was told that those ballots were taken to the Board of Canvassers for review . In Milwaukee , those votes were examined by an observer from each candidate and only those that could not be agreed upon would be taken for review by the board ( in most cases there was agreement ) .
- - - - - - - - - - - - -
The result of all of this is great inefficiency . If these 1000 ballots were recounted in Milwaukee County , it would have taken 2 poll workers with 2 observers a couple of hours from verifying voters through the final count and comparison . In Waukesha , it took a supervisor and 8 tabulators the entire afternoon to get a only a ballot and vote count and I do n't know how many voters to compare it to . Small wonder it 's taking this long .
To be completely fair , I was only in Waukesha County for one afternoon while I spent much more time in Milwaukee County for the recount there . However , I was told that this was a normal day for the Waukesha recount .
On a personal level , we were allowed to use the indoor facilities in Waukesha ( as opposed to using the cold outside Port-A-Potty in Milwaukee ) , but observers were required to stand the entire time ( not good for my back and knees ) rather than sit across the table from the recount staff . While invited back , I just ca n't today as my knees and back need rest from hours of standing . I will consider going tomorrow if my joints allow and hope to find things more organized and efficient . As things are , I 'm not surprised that Waukesha is far behind in their recount .
Thanks for your continued interest .
Friday 3 November 2017 Jorge Vicente Cantero
Zinc is the incremental compiler for Scala . Most Scala developers use it daily without noticing – it 's embedded in key build tools like sbt , pants , CBT , IntelliJ , and Scala IDE .
The incremental compiler has one goal : to make your compilation times faster without sacrificing correctness . When you change a source file , Zinc analyses the dependencies of your code and compiles a subset of source files affected by your change , such that the generated code is identical to the output of a clean compile .
Scala Center 's involvement in Zinc 1.0
Zinc 1.0 has been under development for several years in a GitHub repo independent from sbt . The Lightbend Tooling team split up Zinc to its own repo for the purpose of providing a common incremental compiler that could benefit all build tools , and developing it together .
A key feature of 1.0 is class-based dependency analysis , contributed by Grzegorz Kossakowski and commissioned by Lightbend . Class-based dependency analysis was designed to handle Scala dependencies in a much finer-grained scale than the previous one , pruning common cases of overcompilation . Back then , benchmarks showed that such analysis provided speedups of up to 40x .
However , these changes never managed to make it into a Zinc release despite being merged on March 2016 . The project required more work before an experimental release : a Java-friendly polished API , improvements to the correctness of the incremental compilation , faster cold compilations , intensive benchmarking , bugfixing , and enhanced Java support , among others .
At the Scala Center , we thought it was a pity that Grzegorz 's work was not in a production-ready release that Scala developers could benefit from . No one was actively working on that Zinc to-do list and progress was slow , so we decided to research how we could facilitate a stable 1.0 release .
That 's why , in February 2017 , the Center asked the Community whether we should invest our time into the development of Zinc . Seeing the wide participation in this survey , with 97 % in favor of it , we became convinced it was a good idea . A stable release would put a faster incremental compiler into everyone 's hands . That and other Scala Center efforts we embarked on would help speed up the release of sbt 1.0 .
POLL Would you like the Scala Center to finish up @ gkossakowski improvements in Scala 's incremental compiler ( ~40x ) ? https : //t.co/OxKccd5hCv — Jorge ( @ jvican ) 26 January 2017
A preview of Zinc 1.0 : an example of a 7x speedup
How big are the improvements that Zinc 1.x brings to the table and how do they impact your day-to-day developer workflow ?
To answer this question , we 're going to use both Zinc 0.13.x and 1.x to compile a big real-world project : ScalaTest , whose core module has 40.377 lines of Scala code without counting comments and blank lines .
We illustrate our example with a common and relatively unintrusive operation in every codebase : a method addition . In our case , we add a new method to a widely dependent class like AndHaveWord ( in Matcher.scala ) after we 've correctly warmed up the compiler ( note that it 's not fully hot ) and compiled the project . How fast can Zinc 0.13.x recompile the new method ?
The incremental compilation in Zinc 0.13.x yields a compilation time of 21 seconds . Let 's try it with Zinc 1.0.0 .
Zinc 1.0.0 terminates compilation in only 3 seconds . For this particular example , the class-based dependency in the new version does 7x better incremental compilation than the source-based old version .
Such experiments yield varying results depending on the Scala features and architecture used , but the general idea is that we can expect nice speedups in common day-to-day situations . For example , Scala projects using the cake pattern or intensive type-level programming are likely to benefit from these improvements . In my experience testing and using Zinc 1.0 , I have observed speedups up to 22x .
Contributions to Zinc 1.0
Zinc 1.0 has been a long time in the making , so it has a long track of contributions . Following the changes previously committed by Grzegorz Kossakowski and Eugene Yokota , the Scala Center synchronized with the sbt team and started to work on the project .
Our contributions in the past month have been numerous and spanned several quarters at irregular intervals . In the following paragraphs , I provide a high-level overview of my work . If you 're looking for the nitty-gritty details , I suggest you go through the list of issues and PR 's labeled with ‘ Scala Center ' ; they all contain a detailed analysis and discussion of the proposed changes .
Statistics ( as of August )
Modified lines of code : 25,136++ , 16.190– .
, . Merged commits : 214 commits .
commits . Created issues : 47 in total ( 25 open , 22 closed ) .
in total ( 25 open , 22 closed ) . The Scala Center has been involved in the discussion of 109 issues .
Highlighted contributions
With no previous experience with Zinc , the Scala Center started to hack on the most urgent to-do list : the missing tasks in the class-based dependency algorithm front . Finalizing these tasks was instrumental to measure how production-ready the algorithm was , and when a Zinc 1.0 release could happen .
As new issues started to be reported and more deficiencies to show up , I worked on other issues to stabilize the project . During this period I collaborated with the Pants team at Twitter and other users building upon Zinc . This collaboration revolved around guaranteeing that Zinc satisfied other people 's use cases aside from sbt 's , and that end users would get the best incremental compilation experience possible .
All in all , this is a high-level summary of our contributions to Zinc 1.0 :
Improve correctness of the incremental algorithm in cases where it undercompiled .
Fixing bugs both in the Scala bridge and the Java incremental compilation .
Handle type-level programming more gracefully ( for example , changes in type members ) .
Improve old Zinc APIs and create friendly APIs to complement missing public functionality .
Finish off the migration to Scala 2.12 and making Zinc ready for JDK8 .
Add a protobuf-based analysis file with long term binary support .
Add features to Zinc that were missing and were considered important for Zinc 's users ( improvements to loggers and hooks for IDEs , for example ) .
Add JMH benchmarks to reason about the performance impact of incremental compiles .
Improve infrastructure to attract contributors : Speed up CI by 7x to have a fast turnaround time , Add more tests to the project , Add more documentation to the APIs , a README and a CONTRIBUTING guide ; and , Add similar high-quality improvements to the build and scripted tests .
Find the list of PRs here .
External contributions
Zinc 1.0.0 also has had significant contributions from the Scala open-source community , and I thank everyone involved to make it possible ! The contributors since our involvement in the project have been Stu Hood , Peiyu Wang , Krzysztof Romanowski , Wieslaw Popielarski , Peter Pan , Gregor Heine , Łukasz Indykiewicz , Allan Timothy Leong , Guillaume Martres , Wojciech Langiewicz , Krzysztof Borowski , Wojtek Pitula , knirski , Thierry Treyer , Grzegorz Kossakowski , Dale Wijnand and Eugene Yokota .
Martin Duhem and I are happy that we met some of these contributors during our Scala Center sprees all over Europe and that they dared to submit pull requests to Zinc ; while contributing to the project may at first sound daunting , you did n't give up and at the end your work had a clear impact on Scala developers . Congratulations !
A look at the new algorithm
In our previous example , we showcase the impact that the new dependency detection algorithm has in real-world codebases . However , it may be surprising to some users that the previous version was so slow in the first place ; 21 seconds to compile a method addition seems bad even for a codebase of so many lines of code and such complexity . Why was that the case ?
Zinc 0.13.x has always had an underlying dependency detection operating at the source rather than the class level . In practice , this means that the invalidation algorithm collected more recompilation candidates than it should : all classes defined in a source file that were “ affected ” by a change would be checked for invalidation transitively . As it is common to define more than one class per source file , the number of source files to recompile grew up quickly and resulted in worse incremental compiles .
Let 's show it with an example . Consider the following structure :
Source file Content A.scala class A0 ; class A1 B.scala class B extends A1 C.scala class C extends B
In this scenario , class B depends on class A1 , and class C depends on class B . Because these dependencies are introduced by inheritance , any API change to class A1 will trigger the recompilation of class B and class C . Changing class A0 should not invalidate any source file ( no source files depend on it ) . However , because Zinc 0.13.x tracks dependencies at the source file level , any API change to class A0 triggers the recompilation of class B and class C .
In contrast , Zinc 1.x 's dependency granularity is at the class level . With the new detection , the incremental compiler is smart enough to understand that nothing has to be recompiled in our previous example because it can tell apart class A0 from class A1 . For that , it has a mapping of source files with their defined classes , class names with their generated class files and class names with their dependent class names . This information , complemented with other mappings , allows it to be much more selective when picking candidates for invalidation .
In general , Zinc 1.0 is faster and more correct than 0.13.x ( thanks to some fundamental improvements to the Scala bridges implementation ) . This high-level explanation of the incremental compiler is in no way exhaustive ; so if you 'd like to know more about the inner workings of the Scala incremental compiler , subscribe to the following ticket . If there 's enough interest , I 'd like to write up a technical document for future contributors in the coming months to complement the already existing documentation .
Try it out !
Zinc is already available in sbt 1.0 , and it will soon be available in Pants . If you 're an sbt user , I recommend you to upgrade to latest sbt 1.0.3 and give it a spin !
If you 're a library author , add Zinc 1.0.3 to your build.sbt with libraryDependencies += `` org.scala-sbt '' % `` zinc_2.11 '' % `` 1.0.3 '' . To add it to other builds tools like Maven , click here .
Special acknowledgements
I 'd like to thank the sbt team , and concretely Eugene Yokota , for reviewing all our work and always being open for improvements . I 'm happy to see such cross-team collaboration ( sbt team at Lightbend < - > Scala Center ) work in a complex real-world project like Zinc .
Lastly , I 'd like to thank Grzegorz Kossakowski for their great work and leaving so much documentation behind , enabling others to finish off the project they started off . I send you my best wishes to recover from your hamstring injury .
Conclusion
In this announcement , I explained the work that the Scala Center has put into the already released Zinc 1.0 and motivated it .
While happy with the results , I still believe that there 's more room for improvement , especially when it comes to faster incremental compiles and reproducibility . In the next month and a half , we will zoom in on these problems to continue improving the productivity of Scala developers in what it 's known as SCP 15 ( Scala Center Advisory Board Proposal ) .
I invite build tools to catch up with our changes and get in touch with the Zinc team to keep improving the project . I hope that in the following weeks , all build tools alike make Zinc 1.0 accessible to their users .
If you 'd like to ask questions about Zinc , get involved in its development or comment on our progress , ask me ( @ jvican ) in our Gitter channel .
Turkey 's Family Ministry launches probe into Minecraft video game
Meltem Özgenç ANKARA
Turkey 's Family and Social Policies Ministry has launched an investigation into video game “ Minecraft ” on grounds that it encourages violence , especially against woman.The investigation aims at inspecting whether or not the game contains motives to trigger violence in its players.Minecraft is a video game that allows the player to make designs with cubes in 2D or 3D . The game has several modes and in some of the modes , the player needs to survive in order to proceed with the game . To survive through all of the various levels one may fight with monsters , create handmade weapons and use them . If the player can not survive and dies in any of the levels , he/she has to start the game all over again.The range of monsters the player has to fight in order to keep playing include zombies , skeletons , spiders , witches , giants , dragons , guardians and killer bunnies.In the higher levels of the game the player may need to kill women , allies and even friends for survival reasons.The ministry has received many complaints regarding the violent elements , especially against women , in the video game and thus launched an inspection.If the ministry 's investigation decides that the game encourages violence , the ministry will proceed by opening a lawsuit against the game for a country-wide ban.Minecraft , which had been sold to Microsoft for $ 2.5 billion , had also caused debate in the U.S. for containing elements of violence .
Have you ever wanted an out-of-body experience , sans meditation or drugs ?
You may find it with the Carolina Reaper Madness chip , Paqui chips ' latest deadly creation . It 's literally the hottest chip in the world , and only one chip comes in a package – the package being a coffin-shaped box .
SEE ALSO : Two girls immediately regret trying the hottest pepper in the world
The chip gets its kick ( and then some more kick , and then some more ) from the Carolina Reaper Pepper , the Guinness Book of World Records holder for Hottest Chili Pepper on Earth .
Image : paqui
Mashable recently spoke with Jeff Day , Brand Manager for Paqui Chips .
`` We 're always looking to push the limits to find fun ways for our fans and consumers to engage with us , '' Day said . `` When we decided that we wanted to make the world 's hottest chip , we first said , well , we need to find the world 's hottest pepper . ''
Paqui found the pepper at Rock Hill , South Carolina 's Puckerbutt Pepper Company . Smokin ' Ed 's Carolina Reaper Collection holds the Guinness World Record for Hottest Chili Pepper on earth .
Paqui and Chef Smokin ' Ed Currie worked together for several months to create the perfect spicy seasoning for the chip . To make it worse , the Carolina Reaper pepper is joined by ghost peppers and chipoltle seasoning . Currie claims it 's shockingly spicy .
While Paqui 's choice to only include one chip per package seems surprising , it has more than enough heat to satisfy your spicy tooth .
`` The reason that we 're selling this as one chip is because quite honestly , that 's all that you need . That 's all that anyone needs , '' said Day .
`` It 's the hottest chip you 'll ever have , I can guarantee you that . After you eat that one chip , trust me , you 're not looking to dig back into the bag and have a second one . So , one chip is what we created to have the experience . ''
Image : paqui
Day recommends chasing the chip with ice cream , milk , yogurt or honey to mitigate the kick . Just do n't chase it with water unless you are trying to really impress your friends – water will spread the spice around and make the whole experience even more deathly .
The Carolina Reaper chip , $ 4.99 , is a limited-edition offering , available at paqui.com/reaper beginning in late September , and available at select stores nationwide beginning Oct. 1 , while supplies last .
Calgary 's population increased by about 40,000 in the past two years with a growing number of people in every age range , except for one — young adults .
The number of city residents aged 20 to 24 actually shrunk by about 4,000 residents over that same period , according to city census data .
Puneet Deol , 21 , is about to graduate from university and figures she 'll join the exodus of young people , given the employment prospects they see in Calgary at the moment .
`` I do n't see a point trying to stay in one spot and just trying to tough it out and trying to find an opportunity when you might not get one , '' they said .
Click on this interactive graph to explore Calgary 's population , by age group , in the 2014 census and 2016 census , and the change over the two years :
University of Calgary sociology professor Harry Hiller said entry-level jobs are hard to come by in the current economy , making it more likely for young Calgary residents to leave , and less likely for young people to come to the city from elsewhere .
`` That group of people are n't willing to take the risk to come here anymore , to the same extent , because they know that the options are not there the way they were , '' they said .
Young adults are also typically more mobile than their older counterparts , Hiller noted .
University of Calgary sociology professor Harry Hiller said young people have it tough finding entry-level work in the current economy . ( Natasha Frakes/CBC )
`` Not just because they are footloose and fancy-free but because they do n't own homes , '' they said . `` They have n't already built up pensions . They do n't have children . ''
Ryan Liu , graduated with a Bachelor of Engineering degree but has since decided to enrol in a master 's program after they could n't find a job in their field .
`` From what I found there were n't a lot of entry-level positions , '' they said .
Liu figures they will likely be moving elsewhere to find work , once they complete their graduate program .
The war on drugs has been a failure and nations should take a softer approach in dealing with addicts by providing them with access to treatment and respecting their human rights , a top U.N. rights official said Tuesday .
Manfred Nowak , special rapporteur on torture for the U.N. Human Rights Council , told The Associated Press many countries take a punitive approach to dealing with addicts . They lump the addicts in with traffickers and have a law that sentence them to lengthy prison terms or even death with little or no access to treatment .
Singapore , for instance , canes drug users while still others deny users treatment or access to drugs in order to force confessions from them , Nowak said on the sidelines a drugs conference in Bangkok .
“ We need a paradigm shift . We have to get away from a punitive approach and replace it with a human rights-based approach , ” Nowak said of drug policies . “ As the war on terror failed , so has the war on drugs failed . We do n't have less drug users and drug traffickers than when the war on drugs started in the 1980s . ”
Nowak said international drug policies are among the leading causes of “ human rights violations . ”
Nowak said there are some countries especially in Europe and South America that are shifting away from a punitive approach , offering needle exchange programs and drug substitutes like methadone treatment . But they said many others , led by the United States , Russia and countries in Asia , continue to toe a hard line .
“ These are policies that regard drug users as criminals , rather than persons who are actually in need of medical treatment , ” Nowak said . “ In a quite a number of countries particularly in Asia , prisons are overcrowded with drug offenders . ”
They said the slow pace of change could be seen on the U.N. 's Commission on Narcotics Drugs in Vienna , the main U.N. body that deals with drug policy . They said efforts to introduce non-punitive policies and those dealing with human rights have been rejected by the Commission .
“ According to the United Nations system , human rights should form an integral part of policies and that has been implemented in security , development and other areas , ” they said . “ But not in relation to the international drug policy . ”
– Article from the Associated Press . on April 21 , 2009
If you focus your copy on your business ' status as a market leader , it 's important to consider a simple truth . What you do and what you have done will always be more significant than what you say .
If you do n't back up what you say , most visitors will see your words as nothing but waffle . Fortunately , assuming that you are what you say you are , proving your claims and values are genuine is easy to do . It comes down to showing who you are through your actions and clear evidence , rather than expecting what you tell people to do all the work .
In keeping with the theme of this post , I hope to show you why this is important rather than just tell you . To do this , I 've turned to good storytelling and relationships as examples that demonstrate the importance of actions and how this applies to businesses .
What storytelling shows us about branding
Think back to the last great novel , film , radio play , game or stage production you enjoyed . Whatever your preferred form of storytelling , chances are it played on your emotions , had a central theme and several hooks that kept you interested . To do this , it will have told a story through actions and feelings rather than exposition and flowery description .
Showing is crucial to telling a good story . Do n't believe me ? Here 's a paragraph that only worries about telling :
Steve was upset . They were going to their front door to collect the takeaway that they ordered earlier and stubbed their toe on the carpet divider . It hurt a lot . In fact , they did not answer the door in time because of all the pain and the driver left .
Tedious , is n't it ? I 'm glad Steve stubbed their toe . Compare this with a paragraph that focuses on showing :
As the man turned back to their car , Steve was n't sure what hurt more . Sure , they had the newly severed tip of their big toe clenched in their hand , but their stomach had been rumbling for hours . As the engine kicked to life outside , Steve started to crawl back to their kitchen . It was for the best , really . They could n't have stomached pepperoni now anyway .
This is by no means a contender for the Man Booker Prize , but it does much more than the previous example because it focuses on actions rather than just disclosing information . I 'm not suggesting novelists should be employed to write dramatic website copy , but this lesson is relevant for businesses .
Compare a company that only talks about itself and tells you about its work to one that shows its contribution through its brand , marketing and case studies . They 're essentially telling the same story , but only one of them is telling it in a way that people can believe .
Just as a red-eyed , snotty close-up conveys sadness more poignantly than an actor saying ‘ I 'm sad ' does , an example of your work or commitment will tell people ‘ this lot is good ' in a way your copy ca n't .
What relationships show us about trust
We all have a friend who tells wild tales . They have other friends who know people and uncles who 're involved in all sorts of scandal . They have run ins that nobody witnesses , mysterious illnesses that leave them bedridden for weeks and make claims that ca n't be verified . They swear they got a round in that time , but nobody else remembers .
It 's easy to talk , but it 's much harder to do . We realise this , it 's why we put more weight on actions than on words . It 's a cliché , but the truth often is . If you want to convince somebody who you really are , you have to show it . Of course , actions can still be used to deceive , but the responsibility that comes with actually doing something tends to act as effective reassurance .
Think about it . If somebody stole something from you but apologised when you caught them , would you remember the ten times they talked about their charity work or the one time they took your stuff ? If your partner declared their love for you at every given opportunity , would you forgive them for having a secret second family in another town ?
These examples are extreme , but the core message is clear : words will fall flat if they are n't supported by actions . It 's why we sneer at politicians , bankers and other public figures , because we believe they say one thing but do another . Claiming you care for somebody means little if your actions do n't show it .
To bring this back to websites , if you want your visitors to believe you , you 're going to have to give them proof . This could be an award , a testimonial , a client list , a clear walkthrough of your process or anything you have done that give your message substance . Trust elements like these are the website equivalent of looking into a salesperson 's eyes and they are crucial to ensuring your words hit their mark .
There are inherent differences between business-to-consumer and personal relationships , but the long-term importance of being honest and transparent applies to both . Whether you 're looking to convert somebody or befriend them , you can say whatever you want , just do n't be surprised when you 're asked to prove it .
There will be occasions when you just need to tell people what you can do . Sometimes they will want or even expect it , but do n't be mistaken . If you let your actions tell your story and create engaging experiences for your visitors to latch onto , you 're much more likely to be seen as a brand worth buying into and not just another business .
India is going through a unique phase in its history . The Bharatiya Janta Party got an unprecedented majority in the Lok Sabha elections of 2014 and now the BJP is in power in most of our states , the major exceptions being Paschim Bangla , Punjab and Karnataka . This is the third time that the BJP is governing the country , the first time being the Janta Party coailition that lasted for two years after Emergency was declared ( 1977-1979 ) , the NDA under Atal Bihari Vajpayee ( 1993 ) and then Modi Sarkar ( 2014 ) .
For the better part of the last 70 years , it was the Indian National Congress which ruled the nation . Although , we have to note that this is n't the same congress which lead the country to our freedom , this Congress , the current one which is headed by the Gandhi family , is an offshoot of Congress called Indira Congress , which was floated by Indira Gandhi .
What is obvious in our political history is that there is no viable long term contender to INC . Although the BJP appears to be invincible as of now , it is purely due to superior marketing skills/aura of our PM . Although that might be a great thing for BJP and their supporters , it is not a long term plan . What is the second line of leadership ? There is none ! All leaders we see are in a race in glorifying the PM ! Recently , some spokesperson said that Modiji is the father of the nation .
It is a sad thing that we do n't have at least two powerful national level alternatives . The AAP is a good alternative , considering the good work it has done in Delhi , but they ca n't yet govern the nation for it takes a lot of different administration skills to govern a country as big and diverse as India . Even Modiji who is a skilled administrator will agree !
It will be a good thing for the democracy for having multiple parties because then the opposition party could keep the ruling party in check .
Ironically enough , it used to be the coalition partners of the Congress govt which used to keep the party in check rather than the opposition parties lead by the BJP . It is a horrible way to run a nation if your friends do n't agree with you . You decide to hike the railway fares to modernize the railways and they threaten to pull back support which directly means that you ca n't take long term decisions .
No nation has ever become a superpower if the party in power has to play the game of thrones every day just to survive , let aside take strong decisions which would last a lifetime and help the nation , like the 1993 economic liberalization undertaken by Dr. Manmohan Singh under the free hand of PV Narsimha Rao , the reluctant PM .
But what we see now , since 2014 is that there is no check on the government . It was n't until the Elphestine Stampede/Yashwant Sinha 's I need to speak up article that there was some opposition to the ruling party . On a national level , the Congress picked up pace ( which can be seen in RaGa 's twitter page ) and in Maharashtra Raj Thackeray brought in a typhoon of a rally in Mumbai after the Elphestine stampede .
This is the gist of what has happened in the circles of power till now . What is missing ? why has n't India become a superpower yet ? Two reasons : Media and the People .
Media .
The media of a nation has the sacred duty to be the questioning engine . It has the moral right on questioning anyone in power ( as do the people of the nation ) . There is a recent trend in which people start branding the people questioning the government as “ leftists , aaptards , commies , traitors ” . That is a sad trend which wo n't help the nation . It 'll just help us ruin it because that gives a free rein to the people in power as they have zero accountability !
The main problem with our media is that it does n't show us news , it tells us what to think
It is not news if it tells you what to think .
Our media takes sides . But that is also not totally incorrect , what they do is take sides without doing a background check . The reasons for it might be plenty but there is one glaring example that I saw . Almost an year ago , the Media started its typical Anti-Raj Thackeray bashing . What had they said ? If you know Marathi , watch your yourself .
Translation of what they said :
“ When a new Rickshaw permit is given , the applicant needs to be a domicile of the city for at least 15 years and needs to get a certificate from the local CID . The government is waiving off the second requirement and has mandated the RTO to give 3k permits daily and they are giving 70k permits . Why so urgency ? It is because they are getting kickbacks . ”
This is the YouTube Video of India TV 's reporting on the same . ( Other Hindi/English media did squarely the same reporting ) .
What India TV said : “ Raj Thackery does n't learn their lesson . Their party members came to the 10th anniversary gathering thinking that they will have changed . But they continue their venomous politics . They are targeting taxi permits given to non Marathis . ”
Is this how a media should work ? They were opposing on the point that the permits were being given without a CID certificate . How just is that ? Just because the permits were going to be given to someone outside the state of Maharashtra does it justify that they are given without a NOC from the CID ? If this happens who is responsible ? the govt or the opposition or the media who failed to report on the dangerous lack of regulatory oversight ?
Proving something is right or wrong is not the duty of the media . Luckily , that is still the job of the judiciary . But the media should be responsible in their reporting and it is clearly not the case in the above incidence .
The media should be doing is showing the facts and then let the readers come to their own conclusions .
This is one field where the US excels in the world . Almost all media outlets publicly oppose President Donald Trump . That is freedom of speech . Open up any news website , you 'll find thousands of articles which criticize Trump . And the best part is , those who question the Senate/Army/President are not branded as “ traitors ” or “ buffoons who do n't get it ” . Like they are in India !
People
A government is as good as its people
This is where the people of India totally fail . We have zero sense of civic responsibility . It appears Gandhiji started the civil disobedience movement and India never fully came out of it .
It is the duty of the people of the country to question their government and to behave like responsible citizens . But we are n't doing either of the two . Most people and the media still blame the Congress for all the ills in the nation . The congress is n't in power for the last three years , get out of the loop already !
Also , while PM Modi started the Clean India initiative , they wo n't be able to make it a success unless we , the people of India support him . Where I live , people openly dump waste on the street and they say “ Modiji is the best PM we got ” . What is the use of just voting them to power if you are n't going to listen to him ? If you are n't listening , at least question the government in power ( and not the one who lost power ) !
Garbage disposal was handled well in the Nashik Municipality 2012-2017 under Maharashtra Navnirman Sena , they did good work in beautification of the city . But MNS did not get elected anywhere despite doing appreciable work throughout Nashik ( which was almost funded entirely with the Corporate Social Responsibility fund ; very less funding from the state and central government was given ) .
It would be great if that model is applied elsewhere , they had built a compost factory in their dumping ground . They segregated the organic from non organic and sold the compost to farmers ! That not only solved the garbage problem , but it generated revenue for the Municipality . And that is a great thing .
But they lost elections . Why ? Because the people of India have a short memory . They do n't care for the work done in the five years of the govt tenure , they care for the political stunts done during election time .
So , answering the question . Who is responsible for India 's problems ? It is us , the citizens of the nation who are . Political parties do what is good for them , they win elections , but we the citizens of the nation do n't hold them accountable . We do n't value the good work done by the government , we do n't support the government on ground level ( rather than just lip service ) .
Advertisements
We 've recently started work on an new open data initiative called the Greater Manchester Data Synchronisation Programme , ( or GMDSP for short ) . As the name suggests , we 'll be working with authorities in the Manchester area including Manchester City Council , Salford City Council and Trafford Metropolitan Borough Council , who will all publish some similar data sets as Linked Open Data at the same time .
To make this happen we 'll be helping some local code fellows ( recruited specifically for this project to work alongside council staff ) to convert and publish a selection of datasets to rdf . With our guidance , they 'll model the data and upload it to our PublishMyData platform . In future phases of the project , we plan to build on the work of the code fellows to produce tools and workflows to make the whole process more repeatable .
This project is a collaboration between the Connected Digital Economy Catapult , Future Cities Catapult and Future Everything - the latter we worked with on Nesta 's digital social innovation project over the last year .
As part of their annual festival in Manchester at the end of the month , FutureEverything are organising a hack event ( with a £3500 prize fund ) focused around the first release of the data . There 's a pre-event at this month 's OpenDataManchester , for propsective participants to meet some of the stakeholders and get advance notification of judging categories .
It 's always great to be involved with others who are also passionate about public sector linked open data . And it 's especially exciting to be working on this Manchester-based project , because it 's where our technical team lay their hats after all .
Keep up to date with our news by signing up to our newsletter
Thanks for reading all the way to the end !
We 'd love it if you shared this article .
About
Overthinking It subjects the popular culture to a level of scrutiny it probably does n't deserve . And since 2008 , we 're being some of America 's biggest Eurovision fans , recording dozens of videos and making fans and enemies across the Old World ( but mainly Russia ) . Every year we push ourselves to be more inciteful , funny , and creative .
2017 is our 10th year of Eurovision coverage , and we want to make it our best ever . If this Kickstarter succeeds , we will post 15 videos between now and May 13 , covering the Big Five nations and 10 of our other favorites ! And if we hit our stretch goals , we 're prepared to drink a lot of coffee , put Jedward on repeat , and make even more reviews . So if you love Eurovision as much as we do , please fund us !
Overthinking It Members : You are already supporting our coverage of Eurovision 2017 . To join Overthinking It and get subscriber-exclusive articles , video , and merchandise , click here .
STRETCH GOALS
$ 5,000 We will produce 25 videos !
$ 10,000 We will produce 43 videos covering all the countries !
SEE THE 2016 HIGHLIGHT REEL
Get your Daily Dose from Fred V & Grafix .
Track List :
Fred V & Grafix - Here With You ( Embargoed for Phil & Alice until 250913 )
S.P.Y . - Hammer In My Heart ( Remix )
Netsky - 911
Rockwell - Detroit
Camo & Krooked/Metrik - Aurora
Wilkinson - Direction
Calyx & Teebee - Elevate This Sound
Camo & Krooked - All Night
Hybris - Keeping Me
Mefjus - Distantia
LoKo - Energy
Alix Perez - Down The Line
Jazzsteppa/Foreign Beggars - Raising the Bar
Bondax - Gold ( Technimatic Remix )
Camo & Krooked - Climax V.I.P .
Matrix & Futurebound - Control feat Max Marshall ( Clean MP )
Fred V & Grafix - Major Happy
Sub Focus - Follow The Light
Nu : Tone/Pat Fulgoni - Beliefs
Roni Size/DJ Die - It 's A Jazz Thing ( Utah Jazz remix )
Fred V & Grafix - Games People Play
Madeon - Icarus ( Fred V & Grafix Remix )
London Elektricity - Just One Second
Netsky - Love Has Gone
Shimah - Electro Step
Fred V & Grafix - Purple Gates
Break - Music Is Better
London Elektricity - Had a Little Fight
Etherwood - One Day
High Contrast - Wish You Were Here ( S.P.Y Remix )
Fred V & Grafix - Major Happy
SubFocus - Endorphins ( Subfocus Remix )
Fred V & Grafix - Just A Thought ( Smooth Remix )
Dimension - Digital World
Lenzman/Riya - Open Page
Etherwood - Hold Your Breath
Kove - Searching
Fred V & Grafix - Bladerunner
Lomax - Too Real
The Home Office was forced to back down in the battle over its so-called 'racist vans ' today , after clients of a migrant 's rights groups won a key legal battle .
Two clients of the Refugee and Migrant Forum of East London forced the Home Office to admit it had a legal duty to consult affected groups before it went ahead with the scheme .
`` My clients are very pleased and they very much hope the Home Office does n't try anything like this again , '' solicitor Louise Whitfield told Politics.co.uk .
`` I 'm surprised the Home Office did n't think the Equality Act was engaged when they chose to go ahead with the pilot .
`` From the information we were provided with by the one of the campaign groups , they had actually asked them what steps they had taken and the Home Office said they did n't need to . ''
The legal ruling is a major victory for migrants groups , which had been appalled by the pilot scheme .
`` The Home Office is conscious that the pilot scheme has provoked strong views from a number of individuals and groups , '' a Home Office spokesperson wrote to Deighton Pierce Glynn solicitors .
`` I am happy to give you an assurance that if the Home Office were to carry out any further campaigns we would have due regard to the effect this will have on migrants living lawfully in those communities and , in doing so , would consider the views of your clients and others as set out in your correspondence . ''
The letter adds : `` In light of the above commitment we believe that any proceedings for judicial review would be academic .
`` I would hope they could be resolved amicably without resort to unnecessary legal proceedings . ''
The vans , which were driven around multicultural parts of London , told illegal immigrants to `` go home '' – a phrase commonly used by the National Front in the 1970s .
They are also subject to an inquiry by the Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) .
The Home Office has accepted that it must have `` due regard '' for the Equalities Act before it undertakes any such scheme – including the need to eliminate harassment and discrimination on the basis of race or religion and the need to foster good relations between people from different ethnic or religious groups .
Raymond Murray , one of the claimants , said : `` Hopefully they 'll never try a stunt like this again . ''
The pilot scheme was anyway unlikely to go nationwide , after a variety of political figures as diverse as Vince Cable and Nigel Farage branded it `` offensive '' and `` nasty '' .
Downing Street did , however , insist the pilot scheme was successful .
Two witnesses say President Mauri Ditzler justified violence against a young woman due to their ‘ privilege '
A private college president allegedly told a student government meeting that a young woman 's assault at the hands of campus protesters was justified on the grounds that the victim had “ privilege. ” The president , meanwhile , denies that they made such a claim .
A student who attended the Sept. 25 meeting relayed the alleged remarks by Albion College President Mauri Ditzler to The College Fix Wednesday night , saying the president 's comments “ had everyone in the room shocked. ” The young woman who was attacked also tweeted the same allegations .
The student senate meeting followed a campus demonstration against “ racism and hate ” last month , which itself stemmed from a document within a College Republicans email to members that contained political talking points but also a jocular message about “ hunting ” progressive activists .
Protesters also issued a set of demands for the college that include mandatory diversity training and gender-neutral housing .
Ditzler strongly denied that they had excused the “ pushing ” in an email to The College Fix , saying they had simply told the meeting that their “ privilege ” shaped how they saw the protest as they passed by it .
Protest kicked off by controversial email
The email by a “ student leader ” in the College Republicans instructed recipients in how to debate the topic of “ white privilege , ” MLive reported , ending with this advice :
Take the liberal tears from the idiot you just destroyed in your debate , dissemble your American made Springfield M1911 .45 caliber handgun and apply the tears in order to clean the mechanism , reassemble and proceed to purchase Antifa and ISIS hunting permits and max out on tags .
These satirical instructions prompted a demonstration by students from “ black , Latino and LGBT-centered organizations ” among others , MLive reported . The “ on-campus demonstration against racism and hate ” allegedly blocked the entrance to the campus dining hall .
“ They blocked Baldwin , which is our dining area , ” Michaela Olsen , then the secretary of Albion 's College Republicans , told MLive . “ They would n't allow me in to eat lunch , today. ” ( The club is widely referred to as “ Republicans , ” though its formal name is Albion College Conservatives . )
Reached via email , Olsen told The Fix that “ Albion is quickly going downhill , ” and that President Ditzler is “ a one-sided man and there is no changing of him . ”
Olsen claimed that , the same day of the protest , Ditzler had subsequently brushed off a physical assault that had taken place during the demonstration .
“ [ A ] fter the protest , Ditzler attended a student senate meeting and allowed students to ask questions , ” Olsen wrote :
One student stood up and said to Ditzler that their girlfriend , who was sitting next to him , was physically shoved and verbally abused by the protesters during the protest . Ditzler 's response was that they had “ privilege ” and deserved what happened , because they needed to step into the protesters shoes and see how they live their everyday lives . … Telling a young woman that they deserved what happened to them because they have white privilege had everyone in the room shocked .
Albion 's student newspaper , The Albion Pleiad , identified the young woman as student Ashley Witowski . The Pleiad reported that Witowski “ left the Senate meeting visibly upset ” following Ditzler 's response to their boyfriend 's question .
A series of tweets by Witowski corroborates Olsen 's version of events : “ [ T ] he president of my college told me I 'm of privilege and it 's okay for me to be harassed verbally and physically…There was a protest at my school today and I was physically pushed during it…The president of my college said that it should be a learning experience for me because I am of white privilege… [ H ] e said this to my face . ”
Presented with Olsen 's account of the meeting , President Ditzler told The Fix : “ That is not my memory of the conversation . I do not believe your summary is an accurate reflection of my belief or my statement . ”
Pressed for clarification , Ditzler told The Fix :
At the meeting I affirmed the right of students to demonstrate peacefully . I acknowledged that I was aware of reports of heated exchanges and pushing between demonstrators and those passing by the demonstrations on their way to lunch . I called for investigation of those events which I described as mistakes and unfortunate . I noted that peaceful demonstrations were designed to make us feel uncomfortable . Many of those demonstrating report feeling uncomfortable every day . Those made uncomfortable by the demonstration experienced that for a day . I went on to say that I was not uncomfortable walking past the protest , but my reaction was an example of how privilege ( mine in this example ) causes all of us to view events differently when we are in a privileged position . At the Senate event , I was critical of non peaceful actions . During the demonstration itself I instructed members of my staff to take actions designed to maintain safety . After the demonstration I instructed College personnel to create and implement a policy that will allow swift action to remove from campus anyone threatening physical violence . Reports of physical altercations may be accurate , reports that I endorsed those actions or that I said that they were deserved are false .
Reached by phone and presented with Ditzler 's statement , Olsen explicitly rejected Ditzler 's version of events , claiming the president did indeed tell a young woman that their assault was justified . Ditzler 's comments at that meeting were so troubling to Olsen , they told The Fix , that they withdrew from Albion the day after the senate meeting .
Witowski affirmed Olsen 's account of the meeting and disputed Ditzler 's in an email to The Fix , claiming that Ditzler did not actually refer to themselves as privileged . Witowski told The Fix that Ditzler “ encouraged the students to make us feel uncomfortable so that we know how they feel . ”
“ After they were done with their statement , ” Witowski told The Fix , “ the room got very loud and you could tell that there was a lot of shock at what was just said . ”
The Fix attempted to contact members of the Albion Student Senate , including faculty and staff representatives on the senate , but none responded .
MORE : Public university trains white students on their ‘ white privilege '
IMAGE : Shutterstock
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
Written by Troy Gibson | Saturday , February 23 , 2013
+1 Share 38 Shares
Thomas Jefferson , something of a “ bare theist ” or “ Christian rationalist ” wrote the preamble to the Declaration of Independence . But how would it have read had they been a secular humanist instead ? As charitably as possible , here ' s my educated guess :
We hold these truths to be good opinions of men ; that all men should be deemed equal ; that they should be granted by human conventions certain legal rights ; and it seems best that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
Still has some force , I suppose , but hardly provides a foundation or essential framework for the kind of basic universal permanent non-negotiable human rights that Jefferson and their colleagues were hoping to announce to and defend before the watching world . Yet still people will say a belief or disbelief in a self-revealing God is of no political significance in society whatsoever . If you want transcendent abstract entities ( like universally binding irreducible human rights ) , you 'd better have a worldview which makes belief in transcendent abstract entities justifiable .
On the other hand , presuppose the existence of a self-revealing infinite God , let that be the basic theological foundation or framework upon which you base your entire understanding of human rights , and you can easily and rationally get something that reads like this :
We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all Men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness… .
Troy Gibson is a Political Science Professor at the University of Southern Mississippi , specializing in Religion and Politics in America . They attend Woodland Presbyterian Church ( PCA ) with their wife , Natalie , and three children , Caleb , Noah , and Sarah Ann . This article first appeared on their blog , The Reformed Mind , and is used with permission .
A Nokia Camera Beta update a few weeks ago introduced Living Images , but no one could use it without the Cyan firmware . Even those with a Lumia 630 ca n't use it as that device is not PureView . But I started getting tips from people who had Living Images enabled , though they did n't know how it happened . Finally , Jason in our comments explained a simple trick to get it working , at least mostly .
Nokia 's Living Images is a new feature coming to Windows Phone 8.1 and their Lumia Cyan firmware update for the high-end PureView devices , like the Lumia 1020 , Lumia 1520 , Icon and so forth . Living Images captures a few seconds before you snap a photo , so that when you 're browsing through your Camera Roll or StoryTeller , your photos come alive . It 's like Cinemagraph , but without having to think , as it just works automatically .
Partially enable 'Living Images '
Be forewarned , it 's not yet clear how to disable this , once it 's enabled . Having said that , there does n't seem to be any downsides .
Open up Nokia Camera Beta or download from the Store here
Open the Menu ( use the ellipsis '… ' )
Select Settings
Choose 'Use default settings '
Restart Nokia Camera Beta ( may not be necessary )
The next time you snap a photo , you should see 'Saving Living Image ' displayed in the upper left corner . When you scroll through your Camera Roll , you should see your Living Image photo , with a second of video before it .
Oddly , this Living Images trick does n't work with Nokia 's StoryTeller , so it appears to be a loophole in the Windows Phone 8.1 Camera Roll .
To see how it works make sure you watch the above video .
Living Image will be more
I should point out that Living Images will be more than what you see now . The Lumia Cyan firmware is needed to unlock the feature , including any advanced editing functions . In that sense , this is more or less a tease of the feature , rather than the function itself . Still , it should give you an idea of what to expect when Lumia Cyan lands on your PureView Lumia phone in the coming weeks .
I think Living Image will be an amazing addition . For one , you do n't have to think about using it as it automatically happens when you take a photo . That solves the current problem of having to think out a scene , and then choose the right Lens , and then capture your moment . Living Image gives you a Cinemagraph like function , but with no delay in capturing and no thought . It 's pretty brilliant , and I ca n't wait to see the real thing on my Lumia 1520 .
Big thanks to Jason_tee for the tip !
Related Reading
Server Deployments
As always , please refer to the server deployment thread for the latest news and information .
Main ( SLS ) Channel
On Tuesday July 8th , the Main channel was updated with the server maintenance project that was previously on BlueSteel and LeTigre . This project adds the ability for LSL functions to view and modify the render materials ( normal map , specular map , and diffuse texture alpha mode ) properties on prims , via new prim parameters – release notes .
Release Candidate ( RC ) Channels
On Wednesday July 9th , the three release candidate channels should be updated as follows :
BlueSteel and LeTigre should receive the same new server maintenance update . This project addresses some miscellaneous bugs , and improves L $ transaction logging for payments made by scripted objects .
Magnum remains on the Experience Tools project , and receives the same updates as the Main channel , so LSL support for materials will be grid-wide following the deployment .
SL Viewer
On Tuesday July 8th , the Snowstorm RC viewer , version 3.7.11.291465 was promoted to the de facto release viewer . The viewer includes multiple contributed updates from the SL open source community , including ( but not limited to ) :
Allow setting of default permissions on creation of objects , clothing , scripts , notecards , etc .
Obtain LSL syntax table from simulator so that it is always up to date
Restore particle debug display
Improve loading of Group member list
Region restart sound alerts play only locally .
Restore RenderSpecularExponent .
Windows XP users please note : with this release , you must have either Service Pack 3 ( Windows XP 32-bit ) or Service Pack 2 ( Windows XP 64-bit ) installed on your system in order to install this and future versions of the SL viewer – see the release notes . Please also note that no Windows XP operating systems are supported by Linden Lab .
Other SL viewers remain as per the Alternate Viewers wiki page and my Current Viewer Releases page .
Experience Keys ( Tools )
There was a Q & A session at the simulator User Group meeting on Tuesday July 8th with Dolphin Linden , to discuss the Experience Keys ( Tools ) project . For ease of reference , I 've included notes from that session in a separate report .
Advertisements
Faith is not a form of escapism and neither does it force us to abandon the present , Cardinal Vincent Nichols has told the faithful at the Westminster Easter vigil .
Pointing out that we are all tempted “ to live for the moment , see what pleasure it can give us and not know about tomorrow ” , the Cardinal addressed the argument that religion involved abandoning the present day .
Speaking to the faithful at Westminster Cathedral , they said : “ Sometimes it 's suggested that religion tempts us to abandon the present for a fanciful dream , a fanciful future that is detached from this day . Our faith does not do that . We live this day through God 's love and mercy , whatever its reality , facing its greatness and its failure . So for us , faith in Jesus is not escapism .
“ We are profoundly committed to the day , to this world , to God 's world , to serving it in the light of Their truth . And equally , our faith is not an ideology . Ideologies always want to destroy what is in their way . ”
The cardinal also spoke about the appalling religious violence aimed at Christians in Kenya and Iraq during their address on Saturday .
The full text of the Easter Vigil on 4 April 2015 .
Our Vigil this evening started in a very deep darkness , and in many ways that is a harsh reality because there is much darkness in our lives . With the violence in Kenya , the wretchedness of those who have been forced away from their homes , and now in Northern Iraq , millions of displaced people . Think of the anxiety , the loneliness , the depression , jealousy and greed that characterise our lives .
Yet tonight , a fire blazed , there is something very primal about a fire , and for us we can see it as symbolising that first power of God and the Holy Spirit that hovered over the chaos and brought forth the cosmos and ordered world . The fire stands for the beginnings of the work of creation , for the original creativity of God who is meant be seen in energy and purpose , and inventiveness and goodness . From that original fire , now has come forth a single light .
That fire , as we heard in the readings , is struggling to survive through the unfaithfulness of people . Now it comes , a single light , which is inextinguishable , even by death , and that light has spread among us , from one to another , filling this place , becoming the Church . The light is Christ , the light that conquers darkness , the light we celebrate this night , that they are risen , and they live with us .
How in our lives does this victory of Christ come to be real ? Yes , it becomes real by God 's grace working within us as we strive to follow the person of Jesus ; but how can we express that precisely this evening ? By this light we are to live fully each day and always with a hope that is sure and certain . So we open our hearts to the present , a present that is full of the future . Tonight that it what we try to do ; we try to grasp the light , to make it our own , just as we grasp the candle . This is my light . We open our hearts to receive the hope ; a hope that St Paul spoke about ; a hope that we are bound to Christ and therefore share their resurrection . And we resolve to seize the day , to live the day , to live every day to the full . You can put it like this , “ this rising of the sun each morning is the rising of the Son of God and for that day I live by their light and exceed everything in their light . ”
My mother used to say , at the beginning of every day , “ This is the day the Lord has made , so let us rejoice and be glad in it , accept it , and live it to the full. ” But we make each day in the light of a sure and certain hope because we know that all things will be fulfilled in Christ and nothing of what is true worth , nothing that reflects the truth and the love and the compassion of God , will ever be lost .
In this light of the risen Christ , we live fully each day with a hope for the future that is sure and certain .
So often today we are tempted just to live for the moment , see what pleasure it can give us and not know about tomorrow . Sometimes it 's suggested that religion tempts us to abandon the present for a fanciful dream , a fanciful future that is detached from this day . Our faith does not do that . We live this day through God 's love and mercy , whatever its reality , facing its greatness and its failure . So for us , faith in Jesus is not escapism .
We are profoundly committed to the day , to this world , to God 's world , to serving it in the light of Their truth . And equally , our faith is not an ideology . Ideologies always want to destroy what is in their way .
Our faith is not an ideology ; it embraces what is in front of us only to heal and redeem through Christ , and with them in our hands and our hearts , that we play our part .
In a few moments we welcome new-comers to our life in Christ through baptism , through being received into the fullness of the life of the Church . For them , now opens up the hope for a future that is sure and certain for eternity , our eternal life in Christ . For them , now this new light rises by which they too are invited to live each day to its fullness . The risen Christ brings us peace for the day and great joy in their promises of eternal life together . They are risen . Alleluia . Amen .
Kim Seng Constituency Kim Seng Constituency was located in the Bukit Merah area , within Singapore 's Central Region . It was named after Tan ...
Central Fire Station The Central Fire Station , also known as the Hill Street Fire Station , is Singapore 's oldest surviving fire station . ...
Pulau Merlimau refinery fire Pulau Merlimau was one of Singapore 's southern islands off the coast of Jurong before it became part of Jurong Island . ...
Government of Singapore Investment Corporation ( GIC ) The Government of Singapore Investment Corporation ( originally GSIC , now known as GIC ) is a private investment company ...
Robinson 's Department Store fire at Raffles Place The Robinson 's Department Store building at Raffles Place was destroyed by a fire that broke out at around 9.55 am on ...
Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore ( CAAS ) The Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore ( CAAS ) is a statutory board under the Ministry of Transport . Set up on 1 September ...
Singapore Improvement Trust Formally established in 1927 , the Singapore Improvement Trust ( SIT ) was initially tasked with improving the infrastructure ...
Land Acquisition Act 1966 The Land Acquisition Act was introduced on 17 June 1967 to provide the government with the legal framework to acquire ...
Factories Ordinance , 1958 The Factories Ordinance , 1958 ( Ord . 41 of 1958 ) , was a piece of legislation that sought to set minimum standards for ...
Rose Chan ( b . 1925 , Soo Chow [ present-day Suzhou ] , China d. 1987 , Penang , Malaysia ) was born Chan Wai Chang into a family ...
Singapore-Malaysia water agreements Singapore and Malaysia have signed four water agreements regarding the supply of water from across the Causeway . The ...
Ahmad Mattar Ahmad bin Mohamed Mattar ( Dr ) ( b . 13 August 1940 , Singapore– ) , better known as Ahmad Mattar , is a former academic and ...
Industrial Relations Ordinance and Industrial Arbitration Court The Industrial Relations Ordinance , 1960 , was a piece of legislation that sought to regulate relations between employers ...
Pulau Bukom fire ( 2011 ) On 28 September 2011 , a fire broke out at an oil refinery owned by Royal Dutch Shell on Pulau Bukom . The blaze began ...
Singapore 's first town councils Ang Mo Kio West , East and South are Singapore 's first town councils . They were set up on 1 September 1986 as a pilot ...
National Theatre The National Theatre was a public theatre used for performances , concerts and conferences that was situated at the corner ...
Jurong Town Corporation The Jurong Town Corporation ( JTC ) was set up on 1 June 1968 under the Jurong Town Corporation Act to take over from ...
CYC Shanghai Shirt Company CYC is a clothing firm best known for its custom-made shirts and corporate wear . Founded as CYC Shanghai Shirt Company ...
Stanley Toft Stewart Stanley Toft Stewart ( b . 13 June 1910 , Penang–d . 9 February 1992 , Singapore ) was a long-serving public official in Malaya ...
Benedict Tan Chi ' Loong ( Dr ) ( b . 21 November 1967 , Singapore– ) is a former national sailor who has won gold medals at ...
Elangovan Elangovan ( b . 1957 , Singapore– ) is a bilingual poet and playwright known for exploring controversial themes and the ...
Tamil community The Tamils make up the largest segment of the South Indian community in Singapore . Originating from the present-day ...
Singapore 's national anthem The Singapore national anthem , Majulah Singapura , was composed in 1958 by Zubir Said , a prolific songwriter , as the ...
Herman Ronald Hochstadt Herman Ronald Hochstadt ( b . 1933 , Singapore– ) is a former top civil servant who worked in various ministries . They were ...
Khoo Oon Teik Khoo Oon Teik ( Dr ) ( b . 30 March 1921 , Penang , Malaysia–5 March 2012 , Singapore ) was a doctor and the founder of the ...
Richard Eu Yee Ming Richard Eu Yee Ming ( b . 29 October 1947 , Hong Kong– ) is the chairperson of Eu Yan Sang International Ltd. , a healthcare ...
Singapore 's national flag In 1959 , a new state flag was created to represent Singapore shortly after it became a self-governing state under British ...
Lee Cheng Yan Lee Cheng Yan , also known as Lee Cheng Yam , ( b . 1841 , Malacca , Straits Settlements–d . 18 May 1911 , Singapore ) , was a ...
Area Licensing Scheme The Area Licensing Scheme ( ALS ) was launched on 2 June 1975 . Designed to reduce traffic congestion in the Central Business ...
Hock Lee bus strike and riot Dismissed workers of the Hock Lee Amalgamated Bus Company went on strike from 25 April 1955 . Joined by supporters and ...
White Paper on bilingual education in Chinese-medium schools On 8 December 1953 , the colonial government in Singapore issued a white paper titled Chinese Schools Bilingual Education ...
Albert Winsemius Dutch economist Albert Winsemius ( Dr ) ( b . 1910 , Netherlands–d . 1996 , The Hague , Netherlands ) was an economic advisor ...
Hotel New World Collapse The Lian Yak Building , which housed Hotel New World , collapsed on 15 March 1986 due to structural defects and poor-quality ...
Kartar Singh Thakral Kartar Singh Thakral ( b . 22 September 1933 , Bangkok , Thailand– ) is the chairperson of Thakral Group of Companies and executive ...
Singapore 's first National Day celebrations In 1966 , Singapore celebrated its 9 August National Day for the first time . It was a week-long string of festivities ...
Flor Contemplacion ( b . 1953 - d. 17 March 1995 , Singapore ) was a Filipino domestic worker convicted of murdering another ...
Sim Kee Boon Sim Kee Boon ( b . 5 September 1929 , Singapore–d . 9 November 2007 , Singapore ) had an illustrious career in the civil service ...
Communal riots of 1964 The communal riots of 1964 refer to two separate series of race riots involving clashes between Malays and Chinese that ...
Education Ordinance , 1957 The Education Ordinance , which applied to all schools in Singapore , was enacted on 13 December 1957 . The ordinance ( replaced ...
Montague William Pett Montague William Pett ( b. September 1880 , Kent , England–d . 10 November 1940 , Exeter , England ) was the first professional ...
Sikh community The Sikh community is one of the smallest ethnic groups in Singapore and is usually considered part of the larger North ...
People 's Association The People 's Association ( PA ) is a statutory board under the Ministry of Culture , Community and Youth ( MCCY ) that was ...
St Margaret 's School St Margaret 's School is the oldest girls ' school in Singapore . It was founded in 1842 by Maria Dyer of the London Missionary ...
Lee Lim ( b . 1931 , China–d . 12 January 1989 , Singapore ) , was an icon in the field of artistic photography , both locally ...
The Popular Group The Popular Group comprises companies with core businesses in book publishing , distribution and retail , and electronic ...
Charles Joseph Pemberton Paglar Charles Joseph Pemberton Paglar ( b . 1 September 1894 , Alor Gajah , Malacca –d . 9 December 1954 , Singapore ) , surgeon , ...
John Fearns Nicoll John Fearns Nicoll ( Sir ) ( b . 1899–d . 12 January 1981 , Scio House , Putney , United Kingdom ) was the British colonial governor ...
Premiership of Lee Kuan Yew The premiership of Lee Kuan Yew , which lasted over three decades from 5 June 1959 to 28 November 1990 , was a dynamic ...
SYC Ensemble Singers The SYC Ensemble Singers , formerly known as the Singapore Youth Choir ( SYC ) , is an award-winning and well-travelled ...
Lim Kim San Lim Kim San ( b . 30 November 1916 , Singapore–d . 20 July 2006 , Singapore ) was a former politician best known for their contributions ...
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have something in common . Both are hostile to the free trade deals that Barack Obama has been negotiating , and both have been campaigning on a platform of putting American workers first .
One thing is certain : if either of these two political insurgents makes it to the White House , there will be no great rush to provide easier access to the world 's biggest market . The agreement that Obama has been seeking with the European Union , the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) , will be dead in the water .
Hillary Clinton has been more supportive of trade deals in the past but has grown noticeably less enthusiastic as it has become clear that the tougher line adopted by Sanders resonates with many Democrats .
What is TTIP and why should we be angry about it ? Read more
Trade has turned into a political issue in the US . Presidential hopefuls are expected to have a view on the transpacific partnership , imposing sanctions on China for currency manipulation and whether the US should have signed the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada in the early 1990s .
The same applies in the UK , where the Brexit debate has forced both sides to develop an instant expertise in the different sort of trade regimes that exist between the EU and the rest of the world . There are intense debates about the merits – or otherwise – of the Norwegian model , the Swiss model and the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) model , and detailed forecasts about the economic costs and benefits of each .
An early sign that trade policy was no longer merely the preserve of political nerds came with the groundswell of opposition in Europe to TTIP . This was billed originally as something largely apolitical : an attempt to harmonise rules and regulations in the US and the EU so there were fewer barriers to trade .
Yet the TTIP is deeply contentious . Opponents say “ harmonisation ” is not some boring , technocratic exercise , but rather a race to the bottom that will dilute quality controls and safety standards . But it has been the idea of an investor state dispute settlement ( ISDS ) system , under which corporations could challenge decisions made by governments , that has proven particularly toxic .
Millions of ordinary Americans support Donald Trump . Here 's why | Thomas Frank Read more
It was not that long ago that freer trade was thought to be a good thing . The WTO was set up at the end of the Uruguay round of trade liberalisation talks , which ended in late 1993 . At that point , it was assumed that there would soon be further global agreements to cover unfinished business in areas such as agriculture and services .
Few imagined that it would take until 2001 to begin another round of talks and that these would drag on for 14 years before being abandoned . The assumption in the early 1990s was that the world was entering a new era of globalisation , to match that of the late 19th century , in which there would be free movement of capital , people and goods .
The first world war put paid to what has been dubbed one era of globalisation . Brexit , rows over TTIP , Europe 's attempts to halt the flow of migrants and the “ America first ” approach adopted by Trump and Sanders all send out the same message : the retreat is underway from another period of globalisation .
This process has had a number of phases . It was always obvious that there would be winners and losers from globalisation , since it involved companies moving production from high cost to low-cost parts of the world . Factories in the west closed , but consumers benefited from cheaper goods . Initially , the winners easily outnumbered the losers , although the losses suffered by the losers were bigger than the gains for the winners .
But the last period of globalisation was a lot more fragile than it looked . It was built on the availability of easy credit , as became painfully apparent in 2007 , when the financial markets froze up and trade collapsed on a scale not seen since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
There has been no return to pre-crisis days . Recovery has been much more modest than in previous economic cycles and world trade is barely growing . Unemployment has remained high in the eurozone and even in those developed countries where it has come down – the US and the UK – wages have remained under pressure .
The recession and its aftermath have meant an increase in the number of people who think that the economic system may be working for the owners of multinational corporations and the global super rich , but is not working for them .
The sense of unhappiness has been fanned by two other factors . First , the recovery has been skewed in favour of the haves rather than the have nots , largely because while earnings have been depressed , asset prices have been going up fast . Second , the traditional parties of the centre appear to have nothing to offer other than a return to the debt-sodden , finance-driven world that led to the crisis in the first place .
As in the retreat from the globalisation era that ended the first world war , voters are turning their backs on mainstream politicians and looking instead to those that can articulate their sense of being ignored or left behind . Hence the support for Trump , Sanders , Jeremy Corbyn , and Marine Le Pen in France , all of whom come from outside the mainstream .
Politics is grappling with what the economist Dani Rodrik has called an “ inescapable trilemma ” : the ability to have any two of democracy , global integration and the nation state , but not all three simultaneously .
One solution , according to Rodrik , would be global federalism , an attempt to align the scope of politics to that of global markets . The EU could be considered an attempt to test out the viability of this approach . Europe 's current difficulties suggest that a global polity remains some way off .
Another answer , they suggest , would be to put global economic integration ahead of domestic objectives . This would mean a return to the pre-1914 world of the gold standard , unfettered capital flows and unchecked migration . Incompatible with mass democracy and the growth of welfare states , it risks intensifying the backlash against globalisation .
Finally , Rodrik says there could be a recognition that there can only be so much global integration , with controls on the free movement of capital , people and goods . This was pretty much the settlement that was brokered after the second world war , but unpicked from the mid-1970s onwards .
If history is any guide , this process has further to run . It took more than three decades , which included two world wars and the Great Depression , for a new economic order to emerge . Efforts to turn the clock back failed , old solutions to economic problems no longer seemed to work , banks failed , deflation set in , and free trade was replaced by protectionism and economic nationalism . This all seems worryingly familiar from the perspective of 2016 .
Share . Super Meat Boy designer Edmund McMillen spills beans on new game . Super Meat Boy designer Edmund McMillen spills beans on new game .
Super Meat Boy designer Edmund McMillen has spilled a few beans about their twisted new project for PC gamers : The Binding of Isaac , a 'roguelike ' RPG due out in September .
While the indie maestro remains tight-lipped about the gameplay specifics , they shared with IGN some of the influences that are shaping what looks to be their grimmest offering yet .
`` It 's actually a play on the Legend of Zelda , but it 's also a reference to the bible , '' they say of the title , which refers to a famous Old Testament parable in which Abraham is instructed by God to sacrifice their son , only for an angel to stay their hand at the final moment .
`` The game has minor biblical themes based around Abraham going to sacrifice their son to prove to God that they believed in them – which is dark in itself . So you 've got this kid whose mum wants to kill him , and they escape into the basement to get away from them and eventually – maybe – conquer them
`` This goes into dark , dark holes but it 's also very humorous . Hopefully no-one will be offended . It 's just where I was at the time and it felt like something to play around with ; I do n't know exactly where I 'm going with it , but yeah , it 's quite dark . ''
It seems the title will owe a debt to the media pogroms of the 80s , and that era 's lurid tales of underground devil worship and child abuse .
`` I got on this kick , and I was watching a bunch of crazy evangelical Christian scare films from the 80s – D & D sending kids to hell , that sort of thing – and there are just some crazy videos out there of people swearing that they grew up in a satanic cult and their parents were trying to murder them and they sacrificed babies . I think that 's where it 's all coming from .
`` It 's something that I 'm dancing around in the game . Gamewise I just want to be able to prototype a roguelike that is n't a typical D & D type thing , but which ties into the D & D aspect of the 80s , and the satanism , and all that sort of thing . ''
It remains to be seen how The Binding of Isaac will interpret this venerable sub-genre of RPG , one characterised by sparse graphics and a pitiless approach to game saves and death , but colour us intrigued . With a subtle tint of disturbed .
Authorities in Colorado are having to get creative to solve street-sign thefts . The state 's Department of Transportation noticed that mile marker number 420 was repeatedly stolen from Interstate 70 , reports the Denver Post . So instead of posting cameras or nailing the signs harder into the ground , the agency went with an elegantly simple solution : changing the numbers .
A sign reading `` 419.99 '' appeared recently at the 420th mile of the Colorado 's I-70 . Although the photo of it circulating online may look like a hoax , the department confirmed that it is 100 % real . It 's just one of many changes to come recently to the state that may soon be a destination for marijuana tourism . `` Obviously people steal these signs , '' spokesperson Amy Ford said . `` In the past , if a sign was stolen too much , we would n't replace it . This is sort of an innovative way for us to keep the sign there . ''
The origins of `` 420 '' as a slang term for weed are murky , but the association has been around long enough that the mile marker did n't stand a chance . The Department of Transportation did not clarify whether thefts of the sign had increased since the state legalized medical marijuana in 2009 , or since Colorado became the first state to allow recreational weed this year . Two other highways in the state that run more than 420 miles simply avoid signs at that point entirely . And it 's not just 420 that 's in danger : the department has also replaced one mile marker number 69 with one reading `` 68.5 . ''
Image : Getty
Lebanese media continue to report of an impending Israeli withdrawal from the northern part of the village of Ghajar , on Israel 's northern border . Al-Nahar newspaper reported on Tuesday that the United Nations is holding talks with Israel and Lebanon , according to which Israel will pull out of the northern part of the village by the end of next month .
According to the Lebanese paper , which cites American sources , an understanding was reached according to which Israel will withdraw to the blue line marked by the UN in the year 2000 . The withdrawal will be in accordance with Security Council Resolution 1701 , which demands the situation on the ground be restored as it was before the Second Lebanon War broke out .
The report said that Lebanon notified the UN of its approval of the plan and that Israel – despite not receiving the plan officially – informed UNIFIL commander General Claudio Graziano and UN Special Coordinator in Lebanon Michael Williams that it plans to retreat from the northern part of the village , but that it will continue to discuss with the UN a number of technical details on the matter .
According to the report , the UN and the United States hope that Israel 's withdrawal from the northern part of Ghajar will lead to an ease in tensions between Israel and Lebanon .
The paper further states that US President Barack Obama 's administration is following the matter closely and that Obama 's envoy to Syria and Lebanon Frederick Hoff discussed the plan in their recent visit to the region .
According to the plan , after Israel withdraws from the area , 12 UNIFIL soldiers , an officer and three Lebanese soldiers will be deployed at the site . This under the condition that Israel 's retreat from the northern part of the village does not bring about a change in the daily lives of the residents on both sides of the village , and that they be permitted free passage between the two parts .
In response to the report , Ghajar village spokesperson Najib Khatib said : `` Unfortunately the government in Jerusalem continues to treat the residents of the village with derision , and not as one should treat human beings .
`` Once again we read and hear of our fate from the Lebanese and Israeli press without receiving an opportunity to express our position . ''
That reality was summed up by President Obama — tired from their multiple mournful treks to their lectern speaking of gun deaths — on Thursday afternoon . But recognizing that they sounded more resigned then than they intended , Mr. Obama on Friday offered a more vigorous call for gun control during a speech in San Francisco .
“ If Congress had passed some common-sense gun safety reforms after Newtown , after a group of children had been gunned down in their own classroom — reforms that 90 percent of the American people supported — we would n't have prevented every act of violence , or even most , ” Mr. Obama said . “ We do n't know if it would have prevented what happened in Charleston . No reform can guarantee the elimination of violence . But we might still have some more Americans with us . ”
Mr. Obama added : “ You do n't see murder on this kind of scale with this kind of frequency in any other advanced nation on earth . Every country has violent , hateful or mentally unstable people . What 's different is not every country is awash with easily accessible guns . And so I refuse to act as if this is the new normal . ”
But the reality is closer to Mr. Obama 's initial comments at the White House on Thursday , when they said that today 's “ politics in this town foreclose a lot of those avenues right now . ”
A variety of factors make this so . Since the 2012 shootings in Newtown , Congress has added more pro-gun lawmakers to its ranks . Although roughly a dozen states have passed major gun control legislation in the intervening years , even more have loosened gun restrictions . Mr. Obama , who convened their top aides in the Oval Office the night of the Newtown shootings to discuss pushing for new gun laws , has put far more muscle into legislation where they can find common ground with Republicans — like their trade package currently before Congress — than face further frustration .
ASADABAD , Afghanistan ( Reuters ) - Foreign troops killed an Afghan child and wounded four others when responding to insurgent fire in volatile eastern Kunar province , the provincial Governor said on Monday , the third accidental killing of young civilians in less than a week .
The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) said it had killed “ four armed individuals ” in Kunar 's Ghazi Abad district on Sunday , but was looking into allegations of civilian casualties there .
Fazlullah Wahidi , governor of Kunar , said a group of girls had been collecting firewood near an insurgent hideout and were struck when ISAF troops that had come under attack returned fire . A 10-year-old girl was killed , and four others wounded .
“ The artillery fired by the ISAF convoy hit the girls , who were close to the insurgents , ” Wahidi told Reuters in a telephone interview from Kunar .
ISAF said in a statement that soldiers had observed four armed men in camouflage moving into an previously used fighting position , before opening fire and killing them . The position was located in a remote area , well away from any villages , it added .
If confirmed , this would be the third time in less than a week that NATO troops have killed young Afghan civilians .
On Saturday , ISAF said its troops mistakenly killed a 15-year-old boy during an operation with Afghan forces to capture a Taliban insurgent in eastern Nangarhar province .
ISAF also apologized for the death of a teenage woman and an Afghan police officer on Wednesday , during a joint raid by Afghan and foreign troops on a compound in Nangarhar .
Insurgents are responsible for well over half of civilian casualties in Afghanistan , figures from the United Nations show , but many non-combatants are still killed by NATO-led forces .
These deaths are a major source of friction between Afghan President Hamid Karzai and their Western backers , and complicate efforts to win support from ordinary Afghans for an increasingly unpopular war .
In March the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan made a rare apology for an air strike that killed nine children , who like the girls hit in Kunar were out collecting firewood . U.S. President Barack Obama also expressed “ deep regret ” over the deaths .
Despite the presence of around 150,000 foreign troops , violence across Afghanistan last year reached its worst levels since the Taliban were overthrown in late 2001 , with record casualties on all sides of the conflict .
The Taliban this month announced the start of their “ spring offensive , ” promising more suicide bombs and other attacks after weeks of deadly violence around the country and a dramatic jail break in southern Kandahar province .
On Monday an insurgent mortar attack in another Kunar district , Wata Pour , killed three civilians and wounded another eight including four women and two children , the interior ministry said in a statement .
A fortnight ago , Yasu Nomura ( Xperia Camera UX and Product & Portfolio Planning ) answered your questions on our # XperiaZ1chat . When we did that interview we also asked Yasu if they could come up with the top five most amazing Xperia Z1 camera facts , and these are their answers :
First off , this might be cheating ( & obvious ) but many people are n't away that Xperia Z1 is fully waterproof – imagine taking shots underwater ? Much of the technology I 'm about to talk through functions beneath the surface as well as above it…
1 . Superior Auto mode automatically maximises the contribution of each of Xperia Z1 's camera elements ; configured to detect 36 different scene types , and it does it all without any noticeable delay in the shooting experience . Superior Auto allows Xperia Z1 to automatically select which of the camera modes will best suit any given situation . It then tweaks the internal settings using smart algorithms to help users capture the best photo easily and quickly .
So for example , Superior Auto provides a stable “ night landscape ” after recognising conditions , and setting a slower shutter speed for better reproduction of color with less noise .
For well-lit conditions , it automatically senses the scene and enhances memory colours ; blues , greens ( those colours inseparable from certain common objects or events ) …
2 . The precision in the construction of the Sony G lens in Xperia Z1 is just incredible . Because we wanted to offer a brighter and wider angle than camera phone photographers are used to , it meant that the tolerances on the lens had to be absolutely flawless – each component is tested individually before being put together , then the final lens goes through yet another testing process where the last variances are perfected .
3 . Timeshift burst – Xperia Z1 has the computational power to constantly buffer enough data for up to 60 , 2 megapixel images every one thirtieth of a second . It 's serious innovation in camera performance , and means you 'll never miss that perfect shot again !
4 . I was amazed by the possibilities that introducing the BIONZTM for mobile engine allowed us to explore . Xperia Z1 's camera is actually capable of high-sensitivity image processing up to ISO6400 using Sony 's industry leading noise reduction tech . This kind of performance would have been really difficult to emulate without the BIONZTM for mobile engine .
5 . Despite all these features , for me the most amazing thing about the camera in Xperia Z1 is the way the whole thing comes together – the perfect marriage of the Sony G Lens to the large 1/2.3 ” Exmor RS for mobile sensor , to the BIONZTM for mobile engine – can you imagine what you would have said if , even 3 years ago someone had told you that we would be able to produce a camera that worked underwater , in the dark and produced great quality ? Let alone that the camera in question would be in a slim , waterproof bodied smartphone ?
I know I would n't have believed it possible . It 's a fantastic testament to what can be achieved when innovation across Sony comes together . Learn more about Xperia 's camera capabilities
/Yasu
Share . Face off against Xbox 360 users with cross-platform play . Face off against Xbox 360 users with cross-platform play .
Microsoft revealed earlier today that Happy Wars , a free-to-play title previously available on PC and Xbox 360 , is coming to Xbox One .
Exit Theatre Mode
Featuring cross-platform play with the 360 edition and four-player split-screen , Happy Wars is slated to come out on Xbox One . Microsoft boasted that the free-to-play multiplayer online game has been downloaded 7.5 million times while making the announcement .
In addition , developer Toylogic is planning to include new characters and gameplay for Happy Wars on Xbox One , which does n't have a release date yet . For more on the free-to-play title , be sure to check out IGN 's review of the 360 version .
Evan Campbell is a freelance news writer who streams games on their Twitch channel , talks about Nintendo weekly on the NF Show , and chats about movies and TV series on Twitter .
Fast Break : the Nets Give a Park an Instant Makeover
The team and Barclays Center come to the rescue of basketball courts in a Brooklyn playground named for a slain youth
Only three weeks ago , the two basketball courts next to the Gowanus Houses in Boerum Hill were dilapidated , riddled with cracks , and appearing every bit like they had n't been renovated in 25 years . Today , they looked totally fresh and clean , with new pavement , surface paint , backboards , hoops , nets and drinking fountains . Plus a quartet of towering NBA players on hand to give it credibility .
At a ribbon cutting attended by VIPs from around the neighborhood and borough , Martin Maher , the commissioner for Brooklyn 's city parks , said that if the parks department had done the project itself , the makeover might have cost $ 1 million–and , they joked , taken five years to complete . Instead , the charitable foundations associated with the Brooklyn Nets and Barclays Center got it done in less than a month and covered the $ 324,000 cost .
Yet the mood of the ceremony was bittersweet because the one-acre park containing the two courts , Nicholas Naquan Heyward Jr. Park , is named for a 13-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police as they played with friends in the stairwell of the Gowanus Houses in 1994 . ( The officer involved was not charged . ) The reopening of the courts became a moment to celebrate their memory and honor the work their father , Nicholas Heyward Sr. , has done since their son 's death in organizing basketball tournaments and other programs at the park . “ The family turned tragedy into a tremendously positive thing for this neighborhood , ” said Maher .
THE BRIDGE NEWSLETTER SIGN UP FOR BROOKLYN BUSINESS NEWS Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Heyward 's son has not been forgotten . Every year on their birthday , Aug. 26 , the community gathers for a day of remembrance at the park , organized by their memorial foundation . “ He wanted to be a professional basketball player and they were practicing their skills right here on this playground . They also wanted to be a doctor , ” they father told the crowd . Heyward took advantage of the turnout of city officials to give them a heads-up that they have plans for more programs . “ Our youths and our seniors have always been important to me , ” they said . The Gowanus Houses , part of the NYC Housing Authority , is a big community , with 1,134 units .
Brett Yormark , CEO of Brooklyn Sports & Entertainment , which owns the Nets and operates Barclays Center , noted that the park is less than a mile from the arena and thus a fitting place to take care of . “ It 's always been a priority of ours to positively impact our surrounding communities , ” they said . In this case , the Nets have not just fixed up a playground , but subtly adopted it , highlighting the basketball-court surface with the team colors of black and white .
Would you like to try out apps from the Android Market on your PC ? We recently showed you how to run Android in an emulator on your PC , so here 's how you can install apps from the Android Market in the emulator .
Getting Started
First , you 'll need to have the Android Emulator setup on your computer . If you do n't already have it installed , check out our article about Installing and Running Android on Your PC with the Android Emulator .
Now , download the new Android Virtual Machine that has the Android Market installed . Select the Android 1.5 link , as this is the simplest to setup .
Once the download is finished , you can open the file in your favorite archival program . If you do n't have a program installed to read RAR files like this , download the free 7zip ( link below ) . Extract the files , and then open the folder where you extracted them .
Open your Android virtual machine folder ; you can do this easily by entering the following in your Explorer address bar :
% userprofile % /.android/avd
Copy the files and folder you just extracted to the .android/avd folder .
In your .android/avd folder , open the new AndEmu.ini file in Notepad . We need to change the path to our Android folder . If you 're using Windows XP , replace user with your username ; if you 're using Windows 7 or Vista , replace Documents and Settings\user with Users\your_user_name , replacing your_user_name with your real user name .
Here 's our edited AndEmu.ini file , though again , remember that you 'll need to specify the correct username for your computer . Remember to save the file when you 're finished .
You 're now ready to start the new virtual Android . Open the Android SDK Manager , and you should see your new AndEmu listed along with your other Android virtual machines . Click Start to run it .
Alternately , you can start it from Command Prompt , or you can create a shortcut to it on your desktop . See our article on Running the Android Emulator for more info .
If you entered the folder path incorrectly before , you may see an error as below . Go back and correct your .ini file , and then try again .
Setting up Your New Virtual Android
If everything 's entered correctly , you 'll soon see your new Android emulator starting up . This may take several minutes to startup , especially on your first run .
Once it 's started , click the Android logo to setup your virtual device .
You can step through a tutorial to help you get accustomed with Android , or click Skip to go directly to your home screen .
This may be fun to look at , but is mainly aimed at helping you get used to using Android on a touchscreen so is not overly useful on a PC .
Now you 'll be asked to setup your Google Account . Click Sign in and enter your standard Gmail account info , or create a new one . Alternately , you can skip this and set it up later .
Once you 're done , you 'll see your Android home screen with a Market link , all running on your PC !
Using the Android Market
To download and use Apps on your Android virtual machine , click the Market icon on the home screen or in the Apps menu .
If you have n't already entered your Google account into the virtual Android , you 'll need to set it up as before .
Android will then sync with Google 's servers , which may take a few moments .
Accept the Market terms of service when they appear .
Now you can browse , download , and purchase apps from the Android Market , directly on the emulator on your PC .
Browse apps by categories to find something you want to download .
Or Press the Menu button on the emulated phone to search for apps and choose to view options .
Once you 've found an app you want to try out , click the Installation button on its description page .
Click Ok to continue installing the application .
Your new app will now download , and you can check it 's progress from the notifications bar at the top .
Now , go back to your home screen by pressing the home button on the virtual phone . Your new apps will be in the apps menu , so select one to try it out .
Here 's the popular Opera Mini browser in our virtual Android .
Evernote 's Android app works great in the virtual Android , too .
Or , you can even try out some Android games directly from your PC .
Conclusion
Whether you would like to try out Android apps without purchasing a new mobile device , or simply want to test apps safely before installing them on your Android phone , this is a great way to take advantage of the whole Android Market on your PC . Some apps may not work correctly on a PC , such as camera and microphone apps that require specific hardware , but we were able to try out a large variety of apps this way . If you 're using a Mac or Linux computer , you can use this , too , with the Android Emulator for your OS . Enjoy !
Link
Download an Android Emulator image with the Android Marketplace
Download 7zip to open the rar file
GE chief defends company 's zero tax bill
GE CEO Jeff Immelt speaking Thursday at the Economic Club in Washington .
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney ) -- The chief of General Electric ( GE , Fortune 500 ) on Thursday defended the conglomerate 's zero tax rate in 2010 , and called for reform of the U.S. tax code .
In their first public speaking engagement since a barrage of criticism about not having to pay taxes in 2010 , GE chief executive Jeff Immelt told the Economic Club in Washington that their company did nothing wrong .
`` At GE , we do like to keep our tax rate low , but we do it in a compliant way , and there are no exceptions , '' Immelt said . `` Our tax rate will be much higher in 2011 as GE Capital recovers . ''
But Immelt added that he , along with many other corporate leaders , wants the federal government to reform the U.S. tax code , which they called `` old , complex and uncompetitive . ''
Immelt also pointed out that over the past five years GE has paid $ 14 billion in taxes . They said that even though GE made money in 2010 , `` we did n't make a lot of that in the U.S . ''
The company is particularly in the spotlight because Immelt also serves as the chief of President Obama 's innovation and jobs council . When asked what they thought of criticism that GE is n't a good role model and should n't be leading the jobs council , Immelt said they were committed to helping the president build jobs .
`` I 'm completely committed to doing this job and working with the president and building jobs in the U.S. , '' Immelt said .
Later , in an interview with the media after their speech , when asked what GE was doing to help job growth , they said the company expects to have hired 16,000 new employees this year and last year , mostly in manufacturing and high tech services industries .
Immelt said they understand why their company is taking heat in the media .
`` I do n't fault this type of reporting , '' Immelt said . `` It is what it is . You ca n't do any job like this unless you have a thick skin . ''
Article by :
|
Mon October 22 , 2018 | 11:00 AM
I 'm not an electronic music lover ; I idolize Lemmy Kilmister of Motorhead . I 'm not a camper ; I do n't even own a sleeping bag . And I do n't do yoga ; it made me faint once . I much prefer screaming vocals , epic choruses , guitar solos , clean feet , an insulated roof over my head , and music festivals after which I can retreat to a hotel room full of my friends . I 'm a stubborn , neurotic city mouse who loves their creature comforts – so much so that I think my fellow Fest300 cohorts could n't wait for the opportunity to ( lovingly ) shove me out of my comfort zone when I joined the team a few months ago . In fact , I had never even heard the phrase “ transformational festival. ” So as Memorial Day Weekend 2015 approached , a plan arose . “ Let 's all go to Lightning In a Bottle , ” they said . “ It 's for the company . ”
Anxious , yet more than slightly intrigued by the chance to experience something new , I agreed . Then I fretted about what to bring , how I would be able to sleep on the ground in a tent , whether I could conquer moments of uncertainty in a sea of 20,000 people , and how I 'd survive four nights and a million miles away from the nearest electrical outlet for my hair straightener . But guess what ? I had a sweaty , sticky , dancey , helluva good time , and am already making sketches of the totem I plan to hoist into the air at the Woogie Stage next year . And , okay , I kind of lied , I do LOVE Tycho – so that was a major cherry on top .
So how can a girl who likes to nerd out on heavy metal and have full access to their hair products and makeup every single day survive – no , THRIVE – at a dusty , hot , four-day camping-and-yoga-centric transformational festival full of untz-untz-untzes like LIB – without any of their close pals in tow ?
Inspired by this past weekend , here are my survival tips for transformational festival newbies ( whether you 're a guy or gal ) like me .
Open Your Heart to New People and Experiences
This is a big one . One of our philosophies at Fest300 is that , in this increasingly routine- and digitally driven society , it 's important to break out of our ruts and reconnect with one another , person to person and in new , challenging ways . Festivals are perfect for that ; you will encounter scores of different people who come from all over the place and have different jobs , ways of expressing themselves , hobbies , styles of dress , and definitions of what they think is “ fun ” or “ beautiful. ” Just because you do n't hang out with “ those kinds of people ” in “ real life ” does n't mean you ca n't dance with them , share beer or your life story with them at a festival . After all , you never know what kind of spiritual , emotional , or physical journeys other people might offer you if you never let them into your heart . And the ultimate goal ? Infusing that same sense of openness , freedom and warmth you feel in a festival setting into your everyday routines .
Let Go of Expectations
Photo by Connor Coughenour
This goes hand in hand with my previous tip . With an open heart and zero expectations , your transformational festival experience will go exactly as it should . You 'll leave with no “ what if ” this and “ I should have ” that . If I had n't thrashed around like a maniac during Odesza , I never would have hurt my neck and felt compelled to wander into LIB 's amazing Healing Sanctuary , where I received a soul-soothing massage from Ash Tree , nor would I have met Nathaniel , a sound healer , while I was waiting for my appointment . They asked if I wanted to be “ bowled , ” and I said yes , so they had me stand up , state my intention for being at LIB , and close my eyes . They then held a giant copper bowl up and hit it softly with a mallet , so that gentle , undulating soundwaves enveloped my body as they moved the vibrating bowl around my skull and torso . I 've never felt so many chills tickle my spine . Sure , I wanted to see Scotty Soltronic 's talk about `` Futuristic Space Technology and Its People '' at the Mystery School , but then again , I would n't have discovered the sexy groove of Bob Moses and the utter magic of the Woogie Stage . Expectations are what lead to routines , and routines are the enemy of any authentic festival experience .
Let Others Show You the Ropes
Eamon Armstrong , myself , Chip Conley , Micah Byrnes , and Emily Ward , the Fest300 team photographed by Reid Godshaw 's Harmonic Light
There are always going to be people around you who are seasoned festival veterans , full of knowledge and wisdom . Let them bestow that info upon you ; ask questions , take their advice , follow their lead . They know secrets that will enlighten and heighten your fest experience more than any blog post you read on the internet will . I was fortunate because I have a set of passionate festival weirdos in my own backyard : my Fest300 coworkers . They showed me musical acts I 'd never heard of , took me to see a super informative talk by our pal Cameron Bowman , `` The Festival Lawyer , '' at the Mystery School , and sat me down for a raucous family-style Italian dinner and a show at Amori 's Burlesque & Casino , where we sat front row and got the royal treatment . After dinner , perhaps my favorite part of the festival occurred : We got our portraits taken by photography wizard Reid Godshaw , who takes long-exposure photos and uses special lights to paint around their subjects , creating trippy-as-hell , unedited and one-of-a-kind images that seem to live and breathe energy and magic . Had my festie pro coworkers not been by my side , I would n't have discovered so many of the nooks and crannies of LIB .
Just Be You
If you 're new to the transformational or even the electronic music scene , you probably wo n't ~look~ like most of the people there – and that 's totally okay . Just because you 're not decked out in glitter , sequins , neon , face paint , fake fur or anything else eye-catching does n't mean you 're not sparkling on your own . On two separate days , I wore the ratty Beavis & Butthead tank top and the way-too-big , old Motorhead shirt that I always wear , and raver kids were high-fiving me , addressing me as “ Beavis , ” and telling me Lemmy jokes . I felt more confident and shimmery than I ever would have wearing things that did n't reflect who I am . It 's not about fitting in , projecting a certain lifestyle or having a specific look down , it 's about being your best self so you can radiate confidence and happiness so you and everyone around you can have the best time . Oh , but one fashion tip , no matter what your style— bring a bandana so your lungs do n't fill with dust .
Forget That You 're Totally Filthy
Photo by Connor Coughenour
It was n't until the ninth mile of walking on my first full day of LIB that I looked down at my sandaled hooves and realized they 'd turned into hobbit feet . Black with dirt and reddened from the sun , I just shrugged at them and continued towards the main stage to catch Odesza . The next day my jaw hit the floor as I marveled at the amounts of soot on the baby wipes I used to clean my forehead and cheeks . The next day , I finally decided that my hair , which felt stiff and dry like hay , looked like Robert Plant 's of Led Zeppelin circa 1972 , which has been my ultimate dream hair look since ninth grade . The final day as we were packing up our camp gear , I glanced at my face in a hand-held mirror and literally laughed aloud because , sunburned and covered in dust , I looked like a wizened ghoul – despite a visit to LIB 's heaven-sent shower station the day before . Even though I knew I was dirty and crusty almost from the moment I arrived , we were all dirty and crusty together , so no one gave a damn .
Never Forget Water
Photo by Connor Coughenour
This seems like a no-brainer , but it 's easy to forget how straight-up hectic festival environments are , and how being dehydrated can ruin a fun time . Throw in hot temperatures ( it got up to 85 degrees at LIB ) , a ton of walking around ( I walked 10 miles each day of the festival ) , fierce competition for shaded areas , the prevalence and temptation of booze , and dancing , and your throat 's going to be as parched as the drought-stricken California grounds upon which Lightning in a Bottle was held . Luckily , the folks who put on LIB provided tons of free water stations throughout the festival : near stages , campgrounds , port-a-potties and food vendors . It 's just on you to remember to bring something to put that water in .
Let Your Music-Snob Guard Down
As I said before , I 'm not an electronic music lover . But I have been known to indulge in the occasional Kraftwerk , Four Tet , Air , Caribou or Tycho , and because music is basically the most important thing to me in general , I knew I 'd find more than just a few acts to love and dance to at LIB – and I was right . The year I went , Shiba San , Bob Moses , Active Child ( wow ) , Random Rab , Alunageorge , Lucent Dossier Experience , Goldroom , Flume , Odesza , Thomas Jack and others spewed melodies and beats that seemed to heighten everything ( and everyone ) around me and provided an unforgettable soundtrack to the entire weekend . If you ca n't shed your music snobbery at the gates , there 's no point in going through them at all .
I came back Monday evening , my body feeling broken , my skin crispy from the sun and everything I own totally dirty . But I was prouder of myself than I had been in a long time , closer to my coworkers than I 've felt at any other job , and beaming at the thought of the fresh connections and friends I 'd made . Next stop ? Burning Man .
I Am Alive has been kept hidden in Ubisoft 's cupboard for years . First announced in 2008 , with this trailer , it 's been through a bit of a journey . The original developers , Darkworks , left the apparently almost complete project after a “ mutual decision ” , with duties taken to Ubisoft 's own Shanghai studio . Come 2009 screenshots were leaked , but little more was heard . The last time Ubi set a release date was for last year , and rumours of something happening by the end of this Summer have proven unfounded . And now a leak has happened again , this time a slightly unfinished trailer . Which you can see below .
The game has previously been slated for 360 , PS3 and PC , although of course little official has been confirmed with a game Ubisoft have seemed to avoid promoting . In January 2010 Gamasutra reported that Ubisoft 's CEO , Yves Guillemot , said that in 2010 they were “ totally re-engineering the product ” , which involved putting it into the Splinter Cell engine . Then in February this year the same site revealed that the game was going to be a digital download released “ later this year ” . And that 's as far as we 've got .
Now we have this apparently official but unreleased trailer :
So runny climby jumpy shooty then .
USA Today
UFC bantamweight champion T.J. Dillashaw suffered a rib injury during their preparation for a rematch with Renan Barao at UFC 186 . The fight has now been postponed , and there 's no timetable for their return to the Octagon .
Continue for updates .
Ruled out of UFC 186
Tuesday , March 24
Nancy Gay of the promotion 's official site passed along word of the injury from Dana White : `` UFC President Dana White said Tuesday that T.J. Dillashaw has sustained a rib fracture that will force a postponement of their much-anticipated UFC 186 bantamweight rematch against Renan Barao in Montreal on April 25 . ''
Dillashaw apologized to their fans on Instagram :
First of all I want to apologize to all my fans and everyone looking forward to this fight . I unfortunately had to pull out of the fight do to a fractured rib . Just a freak accident during wrestling practice . This is heartbreaking to me because I was looking forward to this fight and never want to be a fighter having to pull out of a fight . I will heal up quick and come back as soon as I can . Thx for the support
It 's the second time the fight has been pushed back . Dillashaw and Barao were originally slated to take part in an immediate rematch last August after the title changed hands at UFC 173 . The former champion had to back out after fainting and hitting their head on a bathtub .
Dillashaw defended the belt against Joe Soto instead . They won the fight with a knockout in the fifth round . That was supposed to set the stage for the Barao rematch , but the fractured rib has obviously placed a hold on those plans once again .
Now it 's unclear what will happen as the UFC awaits a firm timetable for the champion 's return .
They said the decision to take action in Iraq should have been made by the Security Council , not unilaterally .
The UK government responded by saying the attorney-general made the `` legal basis ... clear at the time '' .
Mr Annan also warned security in Iraq must considerably improve if credible elections are to be held in January .
The UN chief said in an interview with the BBC World Service that `` painful lessons '' had been learnt since the war in Iraq .
`` Lessons for the US , the UN and other member states . I think in the end everybody 's concluded it 's best to work together with our allies and through the UN , '' they said .
'Valid '
`` I hope we do not see another Iraq-type operation for a long time - without UN approval and much broader support from the international community , '' they added .
They said they believed there should have been a second UN resolution following Iraq 's failure to comply over weapons inspections .
And it should have been up to the Security Council to approve or determine the consequences , they added .
When pressed on whether they viewed the invasion of Iraq as illegal , they said : `` Yes , if you wish . I have indicated it was not in conformity with the UN charter from our point of view , from the charter point of view , it was illegal . ''
You can not have credible elections if the security conditions continue as they are now
Kofi Annan
Annan interview excerpts UK Colonel accuses Allies
Mr Annan 's comments provoked angry suggestions from a former Bush administration aide that they were timed to influence the US November election .
`` I think it is outrageous for the Secretary-General , who ultimately works for the member states , to try and supplant their judgement for the judgement of the member states , '' Randy Scheunemann , a former advisor to US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told the BBC .
`` To do this 51 days before an American election reeks of political interference . ''
A UK foreign office spokesperson said : `` The Attorney-General made the government 's position on the legal basis for the use of military force in Iraq clear at the time '' .
Australian Prime Minister John Howard also rejected Mr Annan 's remarks , saying the legal advice they were given was `` entirely valid '' .
The BBC 's Susannah Price at UN headquarters in New York says Mr Annan has made similar comments before .
They have said from the beginning the invasion did not conform with the UN charter - phrasing that was seen as a diplomatic way of saying the war was illegal .
Our correspondent says Mr Annan 's relationship with the US might be made a little uncomfortable for a while following their comments , but both sides are likely to want to play it down .
US President George W Bush is due to speak at the UN General Assembly next week .
Iraq elections
Mr Annan also said in the interview the UN would give advice and assistance in the run-up to the elections , but it was up to the Iraqi interim government to decide whether such a vote should go ahead .
They warned there could not be `` credible elections if the security conditions continue as they are now '' .
The UK foreign office spokesperson said there was a full commitment to hold elections in January .
Election and political party laws had already been passed and an independent electoral commission established .
`` The task is huge and the deadline tight , but the Iraqi people clearly want elections , '' they said .
On Wednesday , the head of the British army General Sir Mike Jackson said national elections in Iraq were still on track .
On Monday , Iraq 's interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said elections must go ahead as planned although they conceded the violence might stop some Iraqis voting .
However , a day later a car bomb close to an Iraqi police station in central Baghdad killed 47 people and gunmen opened fire on a police minibus in Baquba , killing 12 .
Surviving the Journey : Spacecraft on a Chip
If Breakthrough Starshot can achieve its goal of delivering small silicon chip payloads to Proxima Centauri or other nearby stars , it will be because we 've solved any number of daunting problems in the next 30 years . That 's the length of time the project 's leaders currently sketch out to get the mission designed , built and launched , assuming it survives its current phase of intense scrutiny . The $ 100 million that currently funds the project will go into several years of feasibility analysis and design to see what is possible .
That means scientists will work a wide range of issues , from the huge ground-based array that will propel the payload-bearing sails to the methods of communications each will use to return data to the Earth . Also looming is the matter of how to develop a chip that can act as all-purpose controller for the numerous observations we would like to make in the target system .
If the idea of a spacecraft on a chip is familiar , it 's doubtless because you 've come across the work of Mason Peck ( Cornell University ) , whose work on the craft they calls ‘ sprites ' has appeared many times in these pages ( see , for example , Sprites : A Chip-Sized Spacecraft Solution ) . Both Peck and Harvard 's Zac Manchester , who worked in Peck 's lab at Cornell , have been active players in Breakthrough Starshot 's choice of single-chip payloads and continue to advise the project .
Image : A small fleet of ‘ sprites , ' satellites on a chip , as envisioned in low Earth orbit . Can single-chip spacecraft designs now be developed into payloads for an interstellar mission ? Credit : Space Systems Design Studio .
Meanwhile , NASA itself has been working with the Korea Institute of Science and Technology ( KAIST ) on the design of single-chip spacecraft . A key issue , discussed at the International Electron Devices Meeting in San Francisco in early December , is how to keep such a chip healthy given the hazards of deep space . For Starshot , the matter involves not just the few minutes of massive acceleration ( over 60,000 g 's ) of launch from Earth orbit , but the 20 years of cruise time at 20 percent of the speed of light before reaching the target star .
The first part of the question seems manageable , as hardening electronics against huge accelerations is an area well studied by the military , so data are abundant . The cruise phase , though , opens up concerns about radiation . According to KAIST 's Yang-Kyu Choi , interstellar radiation can degrade performance through the accumulation of positively charged defects in the silicon dioxide depths of the chip . Such defects can produce anomalous current flow and changes to the operation of critical transistors . The matter of malfunctioning chips is discussed in this recent story in IEEE Spectrum .
At the San Francisco meeting , self-healing chips were the theme , drawing on work that comes out of the 1990s that showed heating could help radiation sensors recover their functionality . Mixing this with work on flash memory out of Taiwan 's Macronix International , an integrated device manufacturer in the Non-Volatile Memory ( NVM ) market , the new NASA study uses concepts developed at KAIST to make on-chip healing more efficient . From the IEEE story :
This study uses KAIST 's experimental “ gate-all-around ” nanowire transistor . Gate-all-around nanowire transistors use nanoscale wires as the transistor channel instead of today 's fin-shaped channels . The gate , the electrode that turns on or off the flow of charge through the channel , completely surrounds the nanowire . Adding an extra contact to the gate allows you to pass current through it . That current heats the gate and the channel it surrounds , fixing any radiation-induced defects .
It might seem natural to simply provide more shielding for the chip during the two decades of interstellar cruise , but shielding adds mass , a critical issue when trying to drive a payload to a significant fraction of the speed of light . Thus the self-healing alternative , which assumes potential damage but provides self-analysis of the problem and heat inside the chip to work the healing magic . We also gain from the standpoint of further miniaturization — at scales of tens of nanometers , nanowire transistors are significantly smaller than the kind of transistors on chips currently used in spacecraft , adding savings in chip size and weight .
According to the IEEE report , KAIST 's “ gate-all-around ” device is likely to see wide production in the early 2020s at it begins to replace the older FinFET ( Fin Field Effect Transistor ) technologies . From the standpoint of single-chip spacecraft , it 's heartening to learn that radiation repairs can be made over and over , with flash memory recovered up to 10,000 times . A scenario emerges in which a chip on an interstellar flight can be powered down , heated internally to restore full performance , and then restored to service .
Pondering interstellar performance for chips that weigh no more than a gram is cause for reflection . Within just a few years we 've gone from the idea of massive fusion-driven designs like Project Daedalus to payloads smaller than smartphones . The idea invariably brings to mind Robert Freitas ' concept of a ‘ needle ' probe that could be sent in swarms to nearby stars , loaded with nanotech assemblers that would construct scientific instruments and communications devices out of material they found in the destination system .
It was n't so long ago that former NASA administrator Dan Goldin was speaking of a probe as light as a Coke can , but the Freitas probe and Breakthrough Starshot go well beyond that . The trick here is not getting too far ahead of the curve of technological development . With a 30-year window , Starshot can anticipate breakthroughs that will solve some of its key challenges , but relying on the future to plug in a solution does n't always go as planned . Thus it 's heartening to see potential answers to the cruise problem already beginning to emerge .
Altcoin News Exclusive Interview with Andrew Vegetabile : Litecoin Update
While the price and attention has subsided substantially , Litecoin has gone through a lot of the changes over the last couple of months . I 'm here today with Andrew Vegetabile from the Litecoin Association to talk about things that have been happening in Litecoin in the past few months .
Since our talk in February regarding LTCGear , how has Litecoin changed ?
There have been a number of activities and events that has happened since February between major events with Litecoin itself as well as Litecoin Association news and some other miscellaneous things . As I write this , the Litecoin network will experience its first halving within the next ~40 days . Several websites have been set up for the countdown , and here is one that we have linked on Reddit.This is obviously a major milestone for Litecoin , and we expect to see increased activity surrounding this event .
In the spirit of the Litecoin Association mission , the LA development team has created two of a series of videos aimed towards educating the general public about crypto topics . These videos can be seen on the Litecoin Association YouTube channel located here .
The subject of the two videos are private and public keys explained , and how to import/export a private key . They are presented by MLPFrank and were created by MLPfrank , Losh11 , as well as a few others who helped ( myself included ) . We look forward to continuing creating these videos to help educate enthusiasts both inside and outside the crypto communities .
The Litecoin core development team ( not to be confused with the LA development team , whos responsibilities are to support the Litecoin Association ) has released Litecoin Core version 0.10.2.2 . This latest release features the technical equivalent of Bitcoin v0.10.2 , but with Litecoin specific patches . Information about specific features included can be found here .
Litecoin.com , which is owned and controlled by the Litecoin Association and managed by the LA development team lead , Aspect , continues to grow . The Litecoin Association and associated development team will continue to update the site to include relevant merchants , 3rd party wallets , exchanges , and other businesses . Businesses that are interested in being listed can send an email to [ email protected ] .
I also created an academic paper a few weeks ago called “ An Objective Look Into the Impacts of Forking Blockchains due to Malicious Actors ” , in which I received editing assistance from Ross Nicoll ( Dogecoin core developer ) and Rishi Nair ( Litecoin community member and Lawyer ) . This paper is hosted courtesy of the Digital Currency Council . The idea of the paper started as a discussion on the moral , ethical , and legal aspects of forking a blockchain due to bad actors . In lieu of the discussions , I felt it was necessary to produce more academic pieces as opposed to the flood of “ whitepapers ” that the crypto ecosystem has seen over the years . And discussion of taboo topics such as blockchain forking must be discussed in order to evaluate past issues and learn from our mistakes in order to move forward as an industry . This paper was also created before the large 20MB discussions that are going on now ( or should I say , really blew up ) , but certainly has relevance to the subject .
Link to the paper here
Can you describe the recent spam attack Bitcoin went through , and how Litecoin has a fix for it ?
The recent attacks on the Bitcoin infrastructure as far as I am aware of was a test of some group of individuals to “ stress test ” the network , in which the concept was birthed from the 20MB discussions . They wanted to test the real world scenario of attempting to fully load blocks and what that would mean for the network if this became a reality ( which from Gavin 's estimates will happen towards the end of 2016 ) .
In terms of Litecoin 's fix , it has to do with the way fees have been implemented when sending coins from wallet A to wallet B. Litecoin experienced similar attacks on the network in a malicious manner years ago ( whether or not the stress test was malicious or not is up for debate ) and the fix was implemented . However with that said , there has been some public discussion between developers from all coins to include Bitcoin , Litecoin , Dogecoin , and others on reddit within the last week or two and there has been some criticism from some of the Bitcoin developers and community members on the fix Litecoin has does not solve the whole problem . I believe their premise has to do with other services ( third party applications ) utilizing the blockchain and the way Litecoin has fixed the Tx spam attacks would cause those services to pay a lot more .
Because of the intertwined eco-system of users , miners , fees , and potential attacks , its a hotbed of discussion , some of which to me seems more philosophical than technical . Honestly I would love to pick the brains of some of the developers out there on this issue .
Charlie Lee talking about Litecoin fix for attacks
Bitcoin network forked ( F2pool building its own chain )
Litecoin is going through a block havening in a couple of weeks , what kind of effect do you think it will have on the miners and price of Litecoin ?
I would anticipate some volatility and the price going upwards , then down a bit , then up a bit , and so on just like with any other speculating event . Where the bears and the bulls try to one up one another . Its my opinion that we will not see any solid effects of the halving until after the event , where there are fewer coins produced .
In terms of the miners it would really have to be the economic incentive . Is it feasible to continue to mine at the price ? Logically one would thing that removing half the coins produced would cause a slight uptick in price . But who knows with cryptos !
Why do you believe price is currently skyrocketing right now ?
There are a number of things that one can speculate on the Litecoin prices sky rocketing . From the Greece bailout discussions to talks about a pump group in China to the issues Bitcoin has been having recently ( F2pool building its own chain/a soft fork , 20 MB discussions that have turned toxic , the network spam attacks ) . I believe that its just all of the issues wrapped up at the perfect time . Litecoin was not the only coin that saw some significant gains . Peercoin had an amazing 600 % increase per 24 hours at one point and Namecoin also had some significant increases . For those few weeks , it seemed that every alt coin was enjoying the benefits of bulls overtaking the markets .
While price has fallen since reaching the peak in the $ 8 range , it has maintained some of its upward momentum . With the Litecoin block halving coming up fast , price could go either way which puts a big impact on both traders and miners . I guess we 'll just have to see . Thanks for your time Andrew .
How do you think Litecoin has grown ? Predictions for price after the halving ? Let us know in the comments below !
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Dec. 1 , 2017 , 9:03 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 1 , 2017 , 9:03 PM GMT By Daniel Arkin
The acquittal of an undocumented Mexican immigrant in the shooting death of a woman on a San Francisco pier shocked their family , outraged President Donald Trump and galvanized anti-immigration forces across the country .
But for the jury , the high-profile murder case apparently came down to a question of reasonable doubt , according to experts in criminal prosecution . The jurors were evidently not convinced that the defendant , Jose Ines Garcia Zarate , acted with intent — a bar prosecutor needed to clear to convict them of the most serious charges .
`` As controversial and tragic as this case may be , and as political as it has become , my best guess is that this turned out to be a very conventional case in that ... the defense just cast doubt on the prosecution 's theory , '' said Robert Weisberg , a criminal justice professor at Stanford Law School .
Kathryn Steinle , 32 , was fatally shot in the back on July 1 , 2015 , while they and their father were strolling along Pier 14 in the tourist-friendly Embarcadero district of San Francisco . Defense attorneys argued that Garcia Zarate , 45 , who has been deported five times , killed them in a freak accident after a bullet ricocheted off a concrete walkway . Prosecutors argued they meant to shoot and kill them
Trump seized on the case during their presidential campaign as proof the United States needed their proposed wall along the U.S. border with Mexico , and the killing became a flashpoint in the national furor over illegal immigration . Amid the political debate , San Francisco was forced to defend its `` sanctuary city '' policy .
Related : A 'Progress ' Report on Donald Trump 's Border Wall
Garcia Zarate was found guilty on Thursday of being a felon in possession of a firearm . But they were acquitted on more grave charges — first-degree murder , second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter .
`` My general thought is that if it 's fairly clear that they did not mean to shoot her , given that the bullet ricocheted off the pavement , you ca n't argue the most direct and obvious theory of murder — the intent to kill , '' said George Fisher , a former Massachusetts assistant attorney general .
`` It would be difficult under those circumstances to push a jury beyond a question of reasonable doubt , '' said Fisher , who is currently a professor at Stanford Law School .
But some observers have questioned why Garcia Zarate was not at least convicted of involuntary manslaughter , a charge that is generally applied to crimes that are unlawful but unintentional .
A portrait of Kate Steinle is displayed at a memorial site on Pier 14 on July 17 , 2015 in San Francisco . Paul Chinn / San Francisco Chronicle via AP
Weisberg , the criminal justice professor , who was not involved in the case , said they were `` particularly surprised '' that the jury did not convict Garcia Zarate of manslaughter . `` It 's not improbable to think that the shooting showed a gross kind of negligence , '' they said .
Weisberg said prosecutors may have had trouble reconciling the first- and second-degree murder charges with the involuntary manslaughter charge . `` It could be that they were just in a situation where they could n't make an argument that the shooting was both accidental and intentional , '' they said .
Legal experts who spoke to NBC News dismissed speculation that the jurors , culled from famously liberal San Francisco , might have been trying to send a message to the Trump administration .
`` Whether you 're a liberal or a conservative , everyone was horrified by the shooting of Kate Steinle , '' said Jim Hammer , a former San Francisco prosecutor . `` I do n't think liberals are more likely to let a murderer go if they 're convinced he 's guilty . I think that 's nonsense . ''
Hammer , who once headed the homicide unit in the San Francisco District Attorney 's Office , added that in their experience San Franciscans were generally `` more receptive '' to arguments from defense attorneys . But the overriding political narrative around the case , they said , was surely not what motivated the jurors .
The judge during the trial prohibited discussion of Garcia Zarate 's immigration status , including the fact that they were repeatedly deported to Mexico , only to return to the U.S. five times . Instead , the six-man , six-woman jury were told to focus on the events surrounding Steinle 's death .
`` The jury did not declare them innocent , '' Hammer said . `` They said there are reasonable doubts about their guilt , and that 's our system throughout the entire country : Twelve strangers went into the room , and they spent six days deliberating over what they saw . I think people should respect that . ''
`` People may be disappointed , '' Hammer said , `` but at the end of the day , this is the rule of law . ''
Donald Trump promised Americans “ something terrific ” in place of Obamacare , but it 's simply not possible to replace it with something that 's better for most people unless you violate the core tenets of conservative ideology . At times on the campaign trail , Trump suggested that they are , in fact , prepared to violate core tenets of conservative ideology . That 's one thing some of the voters who picked them liked about him . And while he 's done little since Election Day to suggest that they intend to follow through on that promise , there 's no reason Democrats ca n't do it for him .
Nobody in the party believed the 2010 law was the last word on health reform , and nobody in the party needs to be constrained by the core tenets of conservative ideology .
By stitching together bits and pieces of Trump 's rhetoric with various improvement proposals offered over the years by the Obama administration and the Clinton campaign , Democrats can and should devise an affordable replacement scheme that moves the country closer to the single-payer system they mostly agree would be theoretically superior .
The ACA is good , but it could be better
The core reason to do this is that while Republicans have utterly failed to come up with a plan that actually improved on the problems they 've identified with the Affordable Care Act , the problems themselves are real enough .
Here is Mitch McConnell , speaking to CBS on Sunday , describing the problems with the status quo :
Well , what you need to understand is that there are 25 million Americans who are n't covered now . If the idea behind Obamacare was to get everyone covered , that 's one of the many failures , in addition to premiums going up , copayments going up , deductibles going up . And many Americans who actually did get insurance when they did not have it before have really bad insurance that they have to pay for , and the deductibles are so high that it 's really not worth much to them . So it is chaotic . The status quo is simply unacceptable .
McConnell reiterated these complaints in a Monday op-ed , but as Ezra Klein writes , McConnell “ refuses to say whether they will insist that any Republican replacement actually fix these problems . ”
They refuse to say because the answer , of course , is no . The GOP commitment to tax cuts for business-friendly regulations and tax cuts for millionaires makes it impossible for them to deliver anything useful to the 99 percent .
But that does n't make the complaints wrong . There are some exchanges that feature robust competition , and they are working a lot better than the exchanges that lack it . Bringing more competition to those troubled low-competition exchanges would be valuable and important . So would doing more to keep premiums and deductibles in check . And while these things are n't doable within the ideological framework of the modern American conservative movement , that simply goes to show that the ideological framework of the modern American conservative movement is cramped and ridiculous . So much so that the GOP 's own president-elect kept rejecting it in the middle of a Republican Party primary , only to later embrace unity to secure the support of GOP donors during the general election .
Trumpy principles for a progressive replacement
The key to forging a sound Democratic Party replacement for the Affordable Care Act is to start with the wise words of Donald Trump . Unfortunately , that means taking the health care plan they promised on their website and throwing it in the garbage . That plan would cause 21 million Americans to lose their health insurance while depriving tens of millions more of critical regulatory protections . That 's not “ terrific . ”
But when doing things they actually care about , like tweeting or going on television , they espouse very different views .
I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security , Medicare & Medicaid . Huckabee copied me . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 7 , 2015
Protecting Medicare and Medicaid means you ca n't repeal two core elements of the Affordable Care Act . You ca n't scrap the Medicaid expansion , and you ca n't scrap the payment reforms to Medicare . You 're left then only to talk about the “ core ” Affordable Care Act marketplaces , marketplaces that are successfully delivering affordable care to millions but that are still short of enrollment and competition goals .
Trump is , obviously , not a detailed policy thinker . But in a September 2015 interview with 60 Minutes , they laid out some core principles ( emphasis added ) :
TRUMP : I am going to take care of everybody . I do n't care if it costs me votes or not . Everybody 's going to be taken care of much better than they 're taken care of now . SCOTT PELLEY : The uninsured person is going to be taken care of . How ? How ? TRUMP : They 're going to be taken care of . I would make a deal with existing hospitals to take care of people . And , you know what , if this is probably — PELLEY : Make a deal ? Who pays for it ? TRUMP : — the government 's gon na pay for it . But we 're going to save so much money on the other side . But for the most it 's going to be a private plan , and people are going to be able to go out and negotiate great plans with lots of different competition , with lots of competitors , with great companies , and they can have their doctors , they can have plans , they can have everything .
Trump , in short , campaigned on the same basic principle as Bernie Sanders — health care needs to be a right rather than a privilege . But they did n't go all the way to endorsing a Sanders-style single-payer system . Even earlier in the campaign , at an August 2015 debate , Trump observed that single-payer “ works in Canada , '' and `` it works incredibly well in Scotland , ” and “ it could have worked in a different age ” in the United States . But it would be too disruptive to interfere with people 's current employer-based arrangements and try to shift everyone to a government-run system .
Fortunately , a sound middle ground is available .
The version of the public option included in the House Progressive Caucus budget would reduce federal health spending by $ 218 billion over 10 years , by taking advantage of Medicare 's greater bargaining power .
Clinton 's campaign outlined three proposals to reduce premiums and out-of-pocket costs that the RAND Corporation assessed would reduce the ranks of the uninsured by a further 10 million while “ decreasing average spending by up to 33 percent for those with moderately low incomes . ”
Clinton 's benefit enhancements would cost $ 90 million , a small fraction of the $ 218 billion the public option would save .
The additional $ 120 billion or so could simply be allocated to the Medicare Trust Fund , contributing to further extending its life .
Last , while there is considerable debate as to the practical impact of Trump 's proposal to eliminate the “ lines between the states ” and establish a unified federal market in health insurance plans , it seems like an idea worth trying . In the context of a Republican repeal-and-replace plan , eliminating the “ lines ” would be a de facto total deregulation of the insurance industry . But relying on the Affordable Care Act regulatory minimums while allowing insurers to operate in as many ( or few ) states as they like seems desirable .
You could , of course , also throw some other favorite progressive ideas into the mix , like a Medicare buy-in for people over the age of 55 ( though a good public option should make this unnecessary ) , steps to speed the approval of generic drugs , or the use of more aggressive pharmaceutical price negotiating techniques by Medicare .
Call it whatever you like
These and other ideas are longstanding wish-list items that have been floating around in various corners of the Democratic Party . You could , in theory , bundle them up with something technocratically sound but unpopular like a stronger individual mandate , or you could throw in something business-friendly like relaxing the employer mandate . Replacing the “ Cadillac Tax ” on expensive health insurance premiums ( a policy labor unions hate ) with a 28 percent cap on the deductibility of health insurance would probably also make sense here .
But the great thing about all these ideas is that they 're consistent with both longstanding Democratic ideas and popular things Donald Trump said on the campaign trail .
Democrats can characterize them as Affordable Care Act “ fixes ” or “ tweaks ” or “ improvements ” if they want to . Or they can call it an “ alternative ” or “ replacement ” to the ACA if that sounds better . Heck , they can even call it “ Trumpcare . ”
The important thing is that devising a plan would make two points . On the one hand , it would show that Democrats are not indifferent to the fact that the ACA has not been roses and unicorns for everyone . On the other hand , it would show that Obama 's challenge to the GOP to show them something demonstrably better for patients is honestly not that hard a standard to meet .
Republicans ca n't do it not because they 're stupid or because it 's conceptually impossible . They ca n't do it because they are ideologically rigid and obsessed with cutting taxes and deregulating business . Trump themselves will then be challenged to either demonstrate continued fealty to their adoptive political party 's narrow ideology or deliver on their campaign pledge to show flexibility and deliver something “ terrific. ” Either way , it 'll be a win .
The barbecue spot with the country vibe is getting an address in the heart of the city . Rudy 's “ Country Store ” & Bar-B-Q is slated to open in late spring at 3918 N. Lamar Blvd . in the space occupied for 22 years by EZ 's Brick Oven and Grill .
It will be the fifth Austin-area location , and first in the center of town , from local restaurateurs Ken Schiller and Brian Nolen , whose K & N Management is the licensed area developer for Rudy 's . Schiller and Nolen opened the first Austin-area Rudy 's in 1994 . The restaurant will serve the same barbecue and breakfast taco menu as the other Austin-area locations , blend the familiar meat-market ambience with some nostalgic design elements from the building 's past and offer 81 parking spaces .
The new restaurant , which will also incorporate the adjacent building that is currently home to Banzai Sushi & Grill , will be designed in collaboration by architect Morris Hoover and builder John King , who intend to “ create a distinctive space that fits the neighborhood , ” according to the owners .
There were 14 finalists for the hot and highly visible property that has a storied history dating back to 2-J 's in 1954 . The property owners , the Moton Crockett Jr. family , chose K & N Management , which also owns Mighty Fine Burgers , Fries & Shakes , due in part to Moton Crockett Jr. 's great-grandson 's love for both Mighty Fine and Rudy 's , according to a news release .
“ We are pleased to be working with the Crockett family , who embodies our commitment to supporting the local community , ” Schiller said . “ We are proud and honored to be able to bring Rudy 's to Central Austin . ”
The original Rudy 's opened in Leon Springs in 1989 , and there are now 32 locations in Texas , two each in Oklahoma , Colorado and Arizona , and three in New Mexico .
EZ 's closed in January 2016 following a fire that did an estimated $ 400,000 in damage .
RELATED
× Expand The LCBO rounds up bottles for delivery , but who wants to wait days ?
There are few greater joys in life than opening your front door to a hand-picked box of booze . ( Okay , I 'm unmarried , childless and obsessed with alcohol , so take that statement with a grain of salt . )
When the LCBO launched its online sales and delivery option in late July , Ontarians were ushered into a new realm of convenience – kind of . I mean , if you 're okay waiting a few days between ordering and delivery .
Five thousand products are currently available via the LCBO 's website , lcbo.com , including consignment wines purchasable by the case but otherwise unavailable at LCBO stores .
While that 's dandy for wine geeks cool with committing to a dozen bottles of pricey small-production Pinot Noir , it 's not revolutionary – even in Ontario , land of famously restrictive liquor laws .
Similar services have been available for some time via wineries , agents and websites like WineWire.ca and WineOnline.ca . Craft beer can be purchased in Ontario through virtual clubs like thebrewbox.co and savvycompany.ca .
Online access to a wide variety of spirits , though , was n't a thing in Ontario until now , so the LCBO 's new system must be progress proof positive .
An indisputable upside to ordering online is that the LCBO consolidates products into one tidy package , sparing you the agony of chasing bottles across five GTA locations . That alone is worth waiting two to three days for delivery and swallowing a minimum order of $ 50 plus a $ 12-plus-tax shipping charge .
You can skirt the Canada Post fee by scooping your order directly from whichever LCBO location suits you best . Personally , that 's the feature I 'd favour , but it turns out home delivery has proved the most popular option so far .
That 's probably because home delivery does n't drag on for weeks . Orders for pickup can take anywhere from one to four weeks to be filled by the LCBO and up to four to seven if it 's coming from a third-party supplier like an agent .
Unless you 're the type who starts planning a holiday party before Halloween , grabbing your haul from the nearest liquor store three weeks after you ordered it does n't qualify as the epitome of convenience .
Fortunately , most online products , with the exception of by-the-case consignment stuff , are n't particularly hard to locate - especially if you 've already worked biweekly pilgrimages to Summerhill into your life .
So , yes , it 's wonderful to tear open a cardboard treasure chest of adults-only beverages ( after being IDed by the postperson , of course ) . But just like everything associated with our provincial liquor board , the service has limitations .
drinks @ nowtoronto.com | @ S_Parns
Canada 's Minister of Public Safety , Ralph Goodale , has announced the government will not consider altering the classification of the AR-15 rifle in response to a petition filed by Conservative MP Bob Zimmer last month . The AR-15 petition , E-111 , which garnered much attention as far and away the most popular of the Liberal government 's new e-petitions , had 25,249 signatories , hailing from across Canada .
“ The position of the government of Canada is that this judgment needs to be left in the hands of the professionals in the police authorities , who are by far in the best position to make these judgment calls based upon their expertise , ” Goodale commented today . “ The request has been made to change the classification , but our position is ‘ no ' , that the existing classification will remain . ”
Goodale continued , claiming the AR-15 's restricted classification was awarded by the RCMP 's firearm experts , and that the decision of said experts would not be second-guessed by politicians ; a statement that unfortunately ignores the AR-15 's classification as first a prohibited , then restricted firearm by a politically-appointed committee decades ago .
A formal written reply to the petition will be provided at a later date .
Comments
comments
EU judges in Luxembourg on Thursday ( 18 December ) ruled obesity can be considered a disability whenever it impacts on work performance .
The judgment is meant to protect severely overweight employees - classified as having a body mass index ( BMI ) of more than 30 - from job-related discrimination .
The case stems from a 2010 case in Denmark where a 160kg child minder was sacked by a Danish municipality for being too large after 15 years on the job .
But their former employers dispute the account .
They say they were fired because there was no longer enough work to justify their position , noting that they had also paid the man to attend a gym for three months .
The plaintiff was the only one among more than 130 child minders employed by the local council to lose their post .
While the court ruled in favour of classing obesity as a disability in certain cases , it noted that it is now up to Denmark 's national court to decide if the plaintiff falls within the scope .
The case went to European Court of Justice after the Danish counterpart asked for clarification in respect to the EU 's equal treatment in employment directive and the charter of fundamental rights .
The EU directive lists a number of anti-discrimination measures to protect against employer abuse for things like disability , but makes no explicit reference to obesity .
The court 's advocate general over the summer in an opinion on the case said obesity could be described as a disability if it “ has reached such a degree that it plainly hinders participation in professional life ” .
The court 's decision on Thursday may have implications for employers to make special arrangements to meet the needs of those suffering from the health condition .
Vytenis Andriukaitis , the EU commissioner for health , earlier this month noted that over half of all EU adults are now either overweight or obese .
`` Obesity , which presents even greater health risks than being overweight , currently affects one in six adult ( 16.7 % ) in the EU , an increase from one in eight a decade ago , with considerable variations between countries , '' they said .
Figures by an OECD report out in July places Hungary , followed by the United Kingdom and Ireland , with the highest rates of obesity in the EU .
Obesity rates are on a progressive climb in other member states like Spain and France .
​Everton manager Roberto Martinez has admitted that the club could lose winger Gerard Deulofeu in the summer due to the buy-back clause inserted into their contract as part of the deal which brought them to Goodison from Barcelona this summer .
The Spanish winger has been in excellent form for the Toffees so far this season , contributing a goal and five assists in their five Premier League starts since their move in the summer 's transfer window .
Deulofeu is now in their second spell with Everton , having impressed sporadically on loan during the 2013/14 season as part of the club 's top four push , which saw them eventually finish above Manchester United and Spurs in fifth place .
Martinez revealed that Barcelona could not buy the player back in the January transfer window , but could make a move in the summer if they continue to impress .
Quoted on ​Sky Sports , they said : `` There is nothing we can do if they activate the clause . That was the deal and the only way we could access the player in the terms that we wanted . I 'm delighted with the deal . There are certain things in the deal . It is 9m euros for the first year and 12m euros in the second year .
`` They ca n't take them back in the winter so they ca n't take them back in January . My worry would be to lose them in January . That would be a big problem . But for us to have a player of that quality for the money we paid , if we lose them it will be on a profit financially so we would be able to use the money .
`` You 're talking about a Barcelona player who has been all through their years as the golden boy believing they are going to be at the top level at Barcelona and we got them for a very good price . You want the player . I would like to tell Barcelona that he 's rubbish but they come to watch our games . ''
Police have launched an investigation after “ human waste ” was found in a shipment of Coke cans .
The grim find was made at the Knockmore Hill facility in Lisburn , Ireland — but Coca-Cola has confirmed that none of the products on sale at the moment are affected .
A massive cleanup had to be performed after the shipment arrived from a German supplier the Irish facility had not worked with previously .
A source told the Irish Independent that it was `` absolutely horrible , and the machines had to be turned off for about 15 hours to be cleaned .
COKE 'S SEXY NEW AD BUBBLES UP SURPRISING SOCIAL MEDIA REACTIONS
“ It was unusual because normally the cans come from somewhere else in the U.K. , but this time they apparently came from Germany . ”
The cans reportedly arrived on a truck from Germany where immigrants used the cans as a toilet on the long journey across Europe .
As the source told the paper , “ The rumour is that some poor immigrants could have made that long journey in the ( truck ) and … in their desperation were forced to use the cans instead of a toilet .
“ It 's really shocking — and beyond the shock of finding something pretty disgusting in the cans is the thought there could have been poor people in that situation .
“ And if they did make that journey , where are they now ? ”
According to the Police Service of Northern Ireland , “ Detectives are investigating an incident at commercial premises in the Lisburn area following reports that a consignment of containers delivered to the premises had been contaminated .
“ The investigation is at an early stage and there are no further details available at this time . ”
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
Coca-Cola has since responded to concerns , saying , “ The problem was identified immediately through our robust quality procedures and all of the product from the affected production was immediately impounded and will not be sold .
“ This is an isolated incident and does not affect any products currently on sale . ”
Coca-Cola was the subject of a `` Dispatches '' investigation on Britain 's Channel 4 that looked into the company 's plans to fight the U.K. `` sugar tax , '' which will be implemented in 2018 . The sugar content of each can was also highlighted in an experiment which went viral last week , after a Youtuber boiled the drink down into a syrupy substance .
This article originally appeared on The Sun .
7 September 2015
New research published today ( Monday ) by the TUC shows that the poorest working households will lose on average £460 a year by 2020 due to government changes to tax and benefits , despite the Chancellor 's minimum wage increase . However , the richest working households will be made £670 a year better off .
The research analyses the combined impact on annual incomes in 2020 of changes due to be made to universal credit , benefits , the minimum wage and tax allowances . It also includes gains from the Chancellor 's planned increases to the minimum wage .
This type of distributional analysis was included in every Budget across the last parliament , but it was excluded from the Chancellor 's July Budget . It looks at the average impacts across all households in the UK , including pensioners , of changes announced in the Budget . It also looks at the impacts by whether or not households have work .
Average annual income change in 2020 for working households as a result of policy decisions made in Budget 2015 ( 2015/16 prices )
Working households in the middle of the spectrum make a small gain on average , but it is much less than the average gains that the wealthiest stand to receive .
The difference between the top and the middle shows up even more starkly in the decile analysis for all households , which shows that the average annual gain for the top decile in 2020 ( £780 ) is twenty times the average gain for the fifth decile ( £40 ) .
The average weekly gain for the wealthiest working households ( £12.88 ) is enough to buy a bottle of champagne each week , with plenty of change left over ( Comte de Senneval Champagne Brut , £9.99 in Lidl ) .
However , the average weekly loss for low income working households ( £8.85 ) is equivalent to a weekly basket of groceries including : 2L milk , large wholemeal loaf , 1L orange juice , 500g cornflakes , 6 eggs , 800g apples , 500g beef mince , 400g tinned tomatoes , 1kg pasta , 4 packs of yoghurts ( current prices in Lidl ) .
Alternatively the average annual amount lost by low paid working households ( £460 ) is equivalent to a year 's worth of school dinners ( for one child at a cost of £2.50 per day for 190 school days ) .
The research also looked at the impact of the changes across non-working households . It showed a similar pattern of large gains at the top , minor gains in the middle , and losses for the bottom ( although these losses are not as great as when only working households are included – see full research note for further information ) .
The analysis assumes that all qualifying households have been transferred from tax credits to Universal Credit by 2020 . However , if the transition to Universal Credit is delayed , the poorest deciles will face even larger losses worth hundreds of pounds more each year because of cuts the government is making to tax credits .
The TUC says that the research shows that the government 's tax and benefit policies will redistribute from the poorest to the richest . This will worsen inequality and poverty – especially in-work poverty .
TUC General Secretary Frances O'Grady said : “ Even after the extra help from a larger tax allowance and a higher minimum wage , low paid families will still be made more than £8 a week worse off on average by 2020 . And if Universal Credit is delayed , leaving families still on tax credits , their losses will be hundreds of pounds a year more .
“ David Cameron needs to explain to low paid families why they are cutting their income by the same amount as a whole year of school dinners , but he 's giving the richest a cash boost worth a bottle of champagne every week .
“ We need a recovery that works for everyone , not just those at the top . But by cutting support for low paid families , despite a growing economy , the government is shutting them out of the recovery . And worse than that , it 's also giving rich households a tax break by taking support away from the low paid .
“ Not only is this unfair , but it 's bad economics . We need more money in the pockets of low paid families so that they can get out and spend it in their local businesses . ”
NOTES TO EDITORS :
- The research has been undertaken using the IPPR tax-benefit model . It looks at the distributional impacts across households to 2020 of the government 's principle reforms to pay , tax and benefits ( minimum wage supplement , cuts to Universal Credit work allowances , extending benefit freezes , raising the personal allowance to £12,500 , and raising the higher rate threshold/upper earnings limit to £50,000 ) . It sets out the annual average change in disposable household income before housing costs for all households ( including pensioners ) , and separately for working and non-working households . The analysis is presented in 2015/16 prices . For further information , see the full research note : https : //www.tuc.org.uk/sites/default/files/BudgetImpactsResearchNote.pdf
- The research does not include tax credit cuts in the analysis of the combined impact as it assumes that working households have all been transferred to Universal Credit by 2020 . However the impacts of tax credit cuts will be severe . Any households that remain on tax credits because of delays , or so called ‘ transitional protection ' , will therefore see even more significant losses . Future analysis to be published by the TUC will provide more details of the potential impacts of these tax credit cuts .
- The TUC checked school meal prices on several local authority websites and found a range of costs varying from £1.60 for a primary school meal in Bradford at the lowest end to £2.60 for a secondary school meal in East Riding at the highest end .
- All TUC press releases can be found at www.tuc.org.uk
- Follow the TUC on Twitter : @ The_TUC and follow the TUC press team @ tucnews
- Congress 2015 will be held in the Brighton Centre from Sunday 13 September to Wednesday 16 September . Media passes can be obtained by visiting www.tuc.org.uk/MediaCredentials2015 and completing an online form . However , as the closing date has passed , an administration fee of £75 must be paid .
The Marine Corps has announced an investigation into the identity of one of the men in the iconic Iwo Jima photograph , after amateur historians questioned the image and revealed a 70-year-old case of mistaken identity .
James Bradley , who wrote a book about the event and believed their father was one of the men , now says they think their father is not in the picture , Stars & Stripes reports .
Photographer Joe Rosenthal was awarded a Pulitzer Prize on May 7th 1945 for their picture of the Iwo Jima flag-raising pic.twitter.com/nw4YK6jGsB — Histi Pics ( @ HistiPics ) May 3 , 2016
The iconic photograph was taken by AP photographer Joe Rosenthal in February 1945 , during the 36-day battle for the island in Japan . Rosenthal captured the second flag-raising of the day , after missing the first which took place earlier .
Five US Marines and one Navy sailor are seen raising the US flag on Mount Suribachi , on the island of Iwo Jima .
The men in the photo were identified as John Bradley , Rene Gagnon , Ira Hayes , Harlon Block , Michael Strank , and Franklin Sousley .
The controversial photograph served as a propaganda tool for the US , sending the message that it was winning the war .
When the photograph was first published , the surviving men - John Bradley , Rene Gagnon , and Ira Hayes - were sent back to the States on a promotional tour to drum up war bonds . The image later became a symbol of victory and the Marines had it made into a statue at Arlington .
Iwo Jima Memorial located in Arlington , VA pic.twitter.com/F8pu9474vq — USA Bravery ( @ USABravery ) March 5 , 2016
Bradley 's book , Flags of our Fathers told the story of the battle and was made into a Clint Eastwood movie in 2006 .
In 2010 , the Marines released new photographs which showed their father was involved in the first flag raising . Bradley later edited the book to say their father was at both flag raisings , but amateur historians Stephen Foley from Ireland and Eric Krelle from Omaha discovered this was not the case .
Their findings were first published in the Omaha World Herald by Matthew Hansen in 2014 , who described the find as “ something that has apparently eluded military leaders , World War II experts , and historians for nearly seven decades . ”
The man thought to be Bradley , who stands in the center of the image , is in fact Franklin Sousley , who was originally identified as being to Bradley 's left . The man who was thought to be Sousley is a previously unknown Marine named Harold Schultz , Hansen reports .
Foley first made the discovery in 2013 when they saw other photographs from that day and realized Bradley did n't look like the man in the iconic image .
As they were recovering from surgery , they had time to study all of the available photographs online and discovered a number of differences in the uniform worn by the man in the flag-raising photograph as compared to other photographs of him .
Foley contacted Eric Krelle , who ran a website about the Marines . They were convinced by Foley 's research and began to search for the identity of the mystery man . Their large collection of Marines memorabilia contained film footage of the raising , which they watched frame by frame . They were eventually able to identify the man as Schultz .
The two then reached out to historians , who were n't interested in their discovery , but after Krelle contacted Hanson , the story was published in 2014 .
When Hansen contacted Bradley 's son with the news , they were skeptical .
`` So , you are telling me that there are all these witnesses , these survivors who come home , and nobody says anything , and then someone figures out it 's different 70 years later , when they are all gone ? I mean , come on , '' they said . Bradley refused to look at the research which was sent to him .
`` Listen , I wrote a book based on facts told me by guys who had actually been there . That 's my research . That 's what I trust , '' they told the reporter .
James Bradley , son of John Bradley & author of bestselling book `` Flags of Our Fathers '' now says their dad was n't in famous flag raising photo . — Matthew Hansen ( @ redcloud_scribe ) May 3 , 2016
In an interview with the New York Times published on Tuesday , Bradley said they changed their mind last year after deciding to read the article Hansen had sent them in 2014 .
However , Hansen reports Bradley told AP they were “ shocked ” the day before .
“ This is unbelievable . I am interested in facts and truths , so that 's fine , but I do n't know what 's happening , ” they said .
The Smithsonian has carried out months of research into the claims and is now working with the Marines as they review the information .
Marine Corps Statement on Iwo Jima Photo Review : pic.twitter.com/49ZO8jr9wV — U.S. Marines ( @ USMC ) May 4 , 2016
The jarheads released a statement Monday : “ The Marine Corps is examining information provided by a private organization related to Joe Rosenthal 's Associated Press photograph of the second flag raising on Iwo Jima . ”
The photograph was long dismissed as staged , as it depicts the raising of the second , larger flag that was taken from a ship and raised to replace the first flag later that day .
Marine photographer Louis Lowery had taken a number of images of the first flag raising , but they never received the same attention . Rosenthal captured the now-iconic photograph of the second flag when they reached the mountaintop .
@ KySportsRadio @ ryanlemond This is the 1st flag-raising photo on Mt . Suribachi , taken by SSgt Louis R. Lowery , USMC pic.twitter.com/8QZX5uI7DO — Steve Moody ( @ kyracer57 ) May 4 , 2016
Hansen reflected on the discovery this week . “ Only outsiders were willing to challenge that unchallengeable truth . Only they were willing to risk veering dangerously close to tinfoil hat territory , ” Hanson wrote . “ And because they did that , we have somehow gone from an Irishman on their couch , and an Omahan on their home computer late at night , to a Marine Corps investigation , a Smithsonian documentary , and the ‘ Flags Of Our Fathers ' writer publicly doubting a foundational fact underlying their book . ”
The Battle of Iwo Jima took place off the coast of Tokyo when 70,000 Marines and 18,000 soldiers fought in a bloody showdown which claimed the lives of more than 6,000 Americans and up to 18,000 Japanese .
See Video : Lewis Announces Retirement Plans
Terrell Suggs reacts to hearing from Ray Lewis that their teammate plans to retire at the end of this season Download This File
At the Under Armour Performance Center on Wednesday , Ray Lewis talked about their decision to retire at the end of the Ravens playoff run ( WBAL TV Image )
Ray Lewis sits on the bench in the second half against the Bengals last Sunday ( AP Photo )
Ray Lewis has more to say about their decision to retire at the end of this season Download This File
Ray Lewis says the time is right to walk away from the game and spend more time with their children ( AP Photo )
They are considered the heart and soul of the Baltimore Ravens .
Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis has told reporters at the team headquarters in Owings Mills that they will retire after the current season .
WBAL 's Brett Hollander says Lewis told reporters that this season would be their `` last ride . ''
Here is some video from today 's press conference .
`` I talked to my team today , '' Lewis said Wednesday . `` I talked to them about life in general . And everything that starts has an end . For me , today , I told my team that this will be my last ride . '' Lewis will walk away from the game because they want to spend more time with their two sons . While working to return from their injury , Lewis watched them play on the same high school football team , and they intend to watch Ray Lewis III perform as a first-year student next year for their alma mater , the University of Miami . `` God is calling , '' the 37-year-old Lewis said . `` My children have made the ultimate sacrifice for their father for 17 years . I do n't want to see them do that no more . I 've done what I wanted to do in this business , and now it 's my turn to give them something back . '' Statement From Ravens General Manager and Executive Vice President Ozzie Newsome : ôRay Lewis will not only be remembered as one of the greatest to play their position , they will also be thought of as one of the greatest players in NFL history . And , they are one of the greatest without a doubt . ôHe had the one quality all of the best have : They made all the players , coaches and people around them better . It has been a privilege and a joy to be with them throughout their career . We in the Ravens have been very fortunate to be around this great man and player.ö
Lewis has not played since October 14 , when they injured their triceps .
The team activated the linebacker last week making them eligible to play in the playoffs .
The Ravens host the Colts this Sunday in the AFC Wild Card Playoffs .
`` It 's either ( that or ) hold onto the game and keep playing and let my kids miss out on times we can be spending together , '' Lewis said . `` Because I always promised my son if they got a full ride on scholarship Daddy is going to be there . I ca n't miss that . '' Lewis was the AP Defensive Player of the Year in 2000 , when Baltimore won the Super Bowl title , and in 2003 . `` I never played the game for individual stats . I only played the game to make my team a better team , '' they said . The news of their decision quickly resounded around the rest of the NFL . Colts coach Chuck Pagano , who served as Lewis ' defensive coordinator last year , said , `` I thought , shoot , the guy could play forever and would play forever . Great person , great man , great player , just an unbelievable human being - what he 's done for that organization , that city and for that matter , so many people . He 's obviously a first-ballot Hall of Famer and will be sorely missed . '' Lewis is the key figure in a Baltimore defense that has long carried a reputation for being fierce , unyielding and downright nasty . They led the Ravens in tackles in 14 of their 17 seasons , the exceptions being those years in which they missed significant time with injuries ( 2002 , 2005 , 2012 ) . `` It was definitely an honor just to be in their presence , but to play with them and to be in front of them is amazing , '' Ravens defensive tackle Haloti Ngata said . `` I know we 'll definitely miss him . '' When Lewis tore their triceps in a game against the Dallas Cowboys , it was feared they were done for the season . But they would have none of that . `` From the time I got hurt , everything I 've done up to this point has been to get back with my team to make another run at the Lombardi ( Trophy ) , '' they said . Well , not everything . Lewis spent time watching their boys play football , which caused them to call their experience on the sideline `` bittersweet . '' `` I got to be there every Friday , '' Lewis said . `` Me being who I am , not having a father myself , that damaged me a lot . I did n't want my kids to relive that . '' Next year , Lewis will dedicate themselves to their family instead of the Ravens . `` One of the hardest things in the world is to walk away from my teammates , '' they said . `` The only thing I ever played for is to be right there . Does that part hurt ? Absolutely . But the now I 'm going to step into other chapters of my life . `` I knew I could n't split my time anymore . When God calls , they call . And he 's calling . More importantly , they call me to be a father . It 's OK to be Daddy . Yes , this chapter is closing , but the chapter that 's opening is overwhelming . That 's what excites me the most . '' Lewis could have made the announcement during the offseason , but thought it best to do it now . `` I think my fans , my city , I think they deserved for me to just not walk away , '' they said . `` We all get to enjoy what Sunday will feel like , knowing that this will be the last time 52 plays in a uniform in Ravens stadium . ''
Statement from Ravens General Manager and Executive Vice President Ozzie Newsome
By Max Blumenthal , AlterNet
This piece originally ran on AlterNet .
MSNBC contributor Rula Jebreal 's on-air protest of the network 's slanted coverage of Israel 's ongoing assault on the Gaza Strip has brought media suppression of the Israel-Palestine debate into sharp focus . Punished for their act of dissent with the cancellation of all future appearances and the termination of their contract , Jebreal spoke to me about what prompted them to speak out and why MSNBC was presenting such a distorted view of the crisis .
“ I could n't stay silent after seeing the amount of airtime given to Israeli politicians versus Palestinians , ” Jebreal told me . “ They say we are balanced but their idea of balance is 90 percent Israeli guests and 10 percent Palestinians . This kind of media is what leads to the failing policies that we see in Gaza . ”
They continued , “ We as journalists are there to afflict the comfortable and who is comfortable in this case ? Who is really endangering both sides and harming American interests in the region ? It 's those enforcing the status quo of the siege of Gaza and the occupation of the West Bank . ”
Jebreal said that in their two years as an MSNBC contributor , they had protested the network 's slanted coverage repeatedly in private conversations with producers . “ I told them we have a serious issue here , ” they explained . “ But everybody 's intimidated by this pressure and if it 's not direct then it becomes self-censorship . ”
With their criticism of their employer 's editorial line , they have become the latest casualty of the pro-Israel pressure . “ I have been told to my face that I was n't invited on to shows because I was Palestinian , ” Jebreal remarked . “ I did n't believe it at the time . Now I believe it . ”
An NBC producer speaking on condition of anonymity confirmed Jebreal 's account , describing to me a top-down intimidation campaign aimed at presenting an Israeli-centric view of the attack on the Gaza Strip . The NBC producer told me that MSNBC President Phil Griffin and NBC executives are micromanaging coverage of the crisis , closely monitoring contributors ' social media accounts and engaging in a “ witch hunt ” against anyone who strays from the official line .
“ Loyalties are now being openly questioned , ” the producer commented .
The suppression campaign culminated after Jebreal 's on-air protest during a July 21 segment on Ronan Farrow Daily .
“ We are disgustingly biased on this issue . Look at how much airtime Netanyahu and their folks have on air on a daily basis , Andrea Mitchell and others , ” Jebreal complained to Farrow . “ I never see one Palestinian being interviewed on these same issues . ”
When Farrow claimed that the network had featured other voices , Jebreal shot back , “ Maybe for thirty seconds , and then you have twenty-five minutes for Bibi Netanyahu . ”
Within hours , all of Jebreal 's future bookings were cancelled and the renewal of their contract was off the table . The following day , Jebreal tweeted : “ My forthcoming TV appearances have been cancelled . Is there a connection to my expose and the cancellation ? ”
Jebreal is the author of Miral , a memoir about their coming of age in the Israeli-occupied West Bank . Them former partner , Jewish-American filmmaker and artist Julian Schnabel , adapted the book into full length film . A widely published journalist and former news presenter in Italy , Jebreal was a vocal supporter of the now-extinct peace process and a harsh critic of Islamist groups including Hamas . Them termination leaves NBC without any Palestinian contributors .
According to the NBC producer , MSNBC show teams were livid that they had been forced by management to cancel Jebreal as punishment for their act of dissent .
At the same time , social media erupted in protest of Jebreal 's cancellation , forcing the network into damage control mode . The role of clean-up man fell to Chris Hayes , the only MSNBC host with a reputation for attempting a balanced discussion of Israel-Palestine . On the July 22 episode of their show , All In , they brought Jebreal on to discuss their on-air protest .
In introducing Jebreal , Hayes took on the role of the industry and network defender : “ Let me take you behind the curtain of cable news business for a moment , ” Hayes told their viewers . “ If you appear on a cable news network , you trash that network and one of its hosts by name , on any issue — Gaza , infrastructure spending , sports coverage , funny internet cat videos — the folks at the network will not take kindly to it . ”
In fact , MSNBC Morning Joe co-host Joe Scarborough has publicly attacked fellow MSNBC hosts and slammed the network for its support for the Democratic Party .
“ I did not think that i was stepping in a hornet 's nest , ” Jebreal told me . “ I saw Joe Scarborough criticizing the network . I thought we were liberal enough to stand self criticism . ”
Yet when they appeared across from Hayes , Jebreal encountered a defensive host shielding their employers from their criticism . “ We 're actually doing a pretty good job ” of covering the Israel-Palestine crisis , Hayes claimed to them “ I think our network , and I think the New York Times and the media all around , have been doing a much better job on this conflict . ”
Jebreal appeared on screen as a “ Palestinian journalist ” — their title as a MSNBC contributor had been removed . When they insisted that American broadcast media had not provided adequate context about the 8-year-long Israeli siege of the Gaza Strip or the roots of Palestinian violence , Hayes protested that they had wanted to host Hamas officials alongside the Israeli government spokespeople they routinely featured but that it was practically impossible .
“ Not all Palestinians are Hamas , ” Jebreal vehemently replied .
“ Airtime always strikes me as a bad metric , ” Hayes responded . “ I mean there are interviews and then there are interviews . I had [ Israeli government spokesperson ] Mark Regev on this program for 16 minutes , alright ? That 's a very long interview but there was a lot to talk to them about . ”
The NBC producer remarked to me that the network 's public relations strategy had backfired . Hayes ' performance was poorly received on social media while Jebreal appeared as another maverick journalist outcasted by corporate media for delivering uncomfortable truths .
For their part , Jebreal told me they were disturbed by Hayes ' comments . “ I admire that Chris [ Hayes ] wanted to have me on but it seems like they were condoning what happened to me , ” they said . “ He was saying , ‘ What do you expect ? We rally around our stars . ' Well , I rally around reality , if that still matters in media . ”
Jebreal continued : “ I did n't tell them this on air but I said , ‘ I hope you do n't condone other things the network did , like what happened with Ayman . ' ”
Jebreal was referring to NBC correspondent Ayman Mohyeldin and their sudden removal by the network from the Gaza Strip . Mohyeldin , a rising star in the network and its only Arab-American reporter in the region , was an eyewitness to the Israeli killing of four young boys who had been playing soccer on a beach near Gaza City .
Moments after the killings , Mohyeldin relayed intimate accounts of the scene through Twitter , then released harrowing footage of the boys ' mother wailing as they learned of their deaths . Oddly , NBC correspondent Richard Engel was summoned to deliver Mohyeldin 's package that evening .
The NBC producer told me that the network was deluged with angry letters and phone calls from pro-Israel activists about Mohyeldin 's reporting .
Hours later , Mohyeldin 's summary of the US State Department 's statement defending Israel 's actions disappeared from their Facebook and Twitter accounts . They had apparently been forced to delete the postings . Next , NBC removed Mohyeldin from Gaza , sending them out of the area on the first plane available .
To replace Mohyeldin , NBC dispatched Engel , a veteran foreign correspondent well-liked by top brass and regarded as the network 's “ star. ” Engel was the keynote speaker at a 2013 event at the Newseum in Washington DC honoring journalists killed that year . Under Israel lobby pressure , the Newseum had removed the names of three Palestinian journalists killed in targeting Israeli strikes during the November 2012 assault on Gaza , accepting claims by anti-Palestinian groups like the Anti-Defamation League that their employment by Hamas-affiliated outlets rendered them enemy combatants . During their speech , Engel carefully avoided condemning the Newseum for its capitulation .
The removal of Mohyeldin sparked an international backlash , with tens of thousands from around the world protesting the decision through viral Twitter hashtags like , # LetAymanReport and # FreeAyman . Two days later , an apparently chastened NBC returned Mohyeldin to the Gaza Strip , but the damage had been done .
Unwilling to explain its unusual actions , NBC left it up to media critics to guess at its motives . CNN Reliable Sources host Brian Stelter chalked up the removal of Mohyeldin to “ infighting and bureaucracy , ” claiming that NBC was concerned primarily with ratings . Glenn Greenwald , the editor-in-chief of the The Intercept , wrote that Mohyeldin was ordered out of Gaza by David Verdi , a top NBC executive , for political reasons — their reporting was deemed too sympathetic to Palestinians .
The NBC producer insisted that Greenwald 's account was the more accurate one . “ Greenwald was right , ” the producer told me . “ And I hate to say that . ”
For their part , Jebreal does not expect to be welcomed back on MSNBC again . “ I 'm done there , ” they told me . “ It 's not happening any more . My contract is over . I 'm fine with it . I 'm not complaining . ”
They cited the distorted coverage of Israel-Palestine in American broadcast as the central reason behind the American public 's support for Israel 's assault on Gaza .
“ I believe this is a shifting moment in history and we need to make a decison , ” Jebreal said . “ It 's easier when there 's Bridgegate but there is another gate : This is Mediagate and we need to begin to challenge our responsibilities . ”
Historic changes to Antarctic sea ice could be unravelled using a new technique pioneered by scientists at Plymouth University .
It could also potentially be used to demonstrate past alterations to glaciers and ice shelves caused by climatic changes , a study published in Nature Communications suggests .
The new method builds on an existing technique , also developed by Plymouth University over the last ten years , which identified a means by which scientists could measure changes to sea ice in the Arctic .
That has already led scientists to reveal periods when the Arctic was previously ice free during summers , and when sea ice first expanded to its modern extent .
Simon Belt , Professor of Chemistry at Plymouth University and lead author on the study , said :
“ In addition to allowing us to unlock historical changes to Antarctic sea ice , our new method also has the potential to provide further insights into other critical climatic features that may have changed in the past . Indeed , sea ice around the Antarctic coastline is strongly influenced by nearby glaciers and ice shelves , both of which contribute to increased global sea level when they melt . Therefore , our new approach may also permit a much broader spectrum of climatic changes to be unravelled in the future . ”
IP25 does not exist in the Antarctic , but scientists from Plymouth – working with colleagues from Hanyang University , the Korea Polar Research Institute , the British Antarctic Survey and Isoprime Limited – have discovered a related chemical in the Southern Ocean .
Analysis of surface sediments covering different regions of Antarctica – including the Weddell Sea , the Antarctic Peninsula , the Bellingshausen Sea and the Ross Sea – showed the presence of IPSO25 ( ice proxy for the Southern Ocean with 25 carbon atoms ) in nearly all cases .
Its source , Berkeleya adeliensis , is a widespread and commonly occurring constituent of microalgae inhabiting Antarctic sea ice , which explains why IPSO25 is so common in the sediments .
The paper concludes :
“ The identification of IPSO25 in the Antarctic sea ice diatom Berkeleya adeliensis likely ensures that future interpretations of the sedimentary occurrence of this sea ice proxy can be made with greater confidence and in more detail . Thus , in addition to representing a qualitative measure of the past occurrence of Antarctic landfast ice during late spring/summer , our findings indicate that variability in sedimentary IPSO25 potentially provides further insights into changes to ice shelf and glacial melt processes in long-term records . ”
The full research paper – Source identification and distribution reveals the potential of the geochemical Antarctic sea ice proxy IPSO25 by Belt , Smik , Brown , Kim , Rowland , Allen , Gal , Shin , Lee and Taylor – is published in Nature Communications , doi : 10.1038/NCOMMS12655 .
This is the latest paper co-authored by Professor Simon Belt and focusing on polar sea ice conditions to be accepted for publication in a Nature journal . Others include :
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MORGAN COUNTY , Colo. -- A small town in northeastern Colorado is shocked after a woman was attacked by a MS-13 gang member last weekend .
Investigators say that Angel Ramos , 36 , viciously attacked a woman along County Road X outside the tiny town of Hillrose on Saturday , Nov. 4 .
`` It 's just surprising that that 's here but it 's everywhere that the nature of the world we live in I guess , '' said Don Chapman who lives near the place the incident happened .
Detectives say that the victim , a Fort Morgan resident , was stabbed with a screwdriver and jumped from their moving vehicle . The car ran over their leg after they landed on the ground . Ramos attempted to put them into the trunk before finally fleeing .
Morgan County Detectives quickly found out Ramos was a MS-13 gang member , an illegal immigrant who had been deported , and was wanted for murder in El Salvador .
`` We were very concerned for this woman , '' said sheriff Crone who added that it could have been a case of domestic violence .
Crone asked US marshals , ICE agents and Homeland Security for help with the case .
Ramos was taken into custody without incident Friday morning in Fort Collins , according to the Morgan County Sheriff 's Office .
`` We 've noticed a lot of people that have been fugitives that are hiding out here because they think they are not going to stick out , '' Crone said . `` Nobody is going to know them which is just the opposite , that just brings more people to our attention . ”
`` If this were to be a trend it would certainly be something worth worrying about but if it 's a single instance - hopefully that 's it , '' Chapman added .
Ramos remains in the Larimer County Jail . The investigation into this case continues and anyone with information is asked to call 970-867-2461 .
The victim has been released from the hospital .
Blog Posted in Johnny Summerton 's Blog French actor Gérard Depardieu pees aboard a 'plane - in public blog:12683:2 : :0 Posted Aug 17 , 2011 in Entertainment Comments By Johnny Summerton Tweet The headline could have been more vulgar , in keeping with the But why stoop to the level of the 62-year-old ? Depardieu apparently took a leak in front of fellow passengers after the cabin crew refused to allow them to use the loo just as the 'plane was ready to taxi for take off . `` ' I need to piss . I need to piss , ' is what Monsieur Depardieu said , '' `` A member of the cabin crew informed Monsieur Depardieu that the 'plane was ready for take off , everyone had to remain seated and the toilets were locked but could be used in about 15 minutes , '' they told Europe 1 radio . `` The actor said they could n't wait , so what did they do ? They peed right there in front of everyone . '' A spokesperson for CityJet But the airline refused to release the name of the person involved saying simply that they had been escorted off the 'plane . As the French celebrity news website Purepeople.com In April 2010 at the premiere of `` Mammuth '' in Paris they insulted a journalist who asked them why they had dedicated the film to their late son Guillaume , And in August last year they were at it again , this time
The headline could have been more vulgar , in keeping with the reported behaviour of one of France 's best-known actors Gérard Depardieu , aboard a Paris to Dublin 'plane on Tuesday evening.But why stoop to the level of the 62-year-old ? Depardieu apparently took a leak in front of fellow passengers after the cabin crew refused to allow them to use the loo just as the 'plane was ready to taxi for take off . `` ' I need to piss . I need to piss , ' is what Monsieur Depardieu said , '' according to one of the passengers aboard the flight operated by CityJet , a subsidiary of Air France-KLM . `` A member of the cabin crew informed Monsieur Depardieu that the 'plane was ready for take off , everyone had to remain seated and the toilets were locked but could be used in about 15 minutes , '' they told Europe 1 radio . `` The actor said they could n't wait , so what did they do ? They peed right there in front of everyone . `` A spokesperson for CityJet confirmed that an incident had taken place requiring the 'plane to return to the gate to be cleaned and causing a two-hour delay in take-off.But the airline refused to release the name of the person involved saying simply that they had been escorted off the 'plane.As the French celebrity news website Purepeople.com points out Depardieu is not unknown for saying exactly what they think or doing what they want and has a reputation for what could politely be termed as , `` his lack of social graces '' .In April 2010 at the premiere of `` Mammuth '' in Paris they insulted a journalist who asked them why they had dedicated the film to their late son Guillaume , calling her , `` A bitch . `` And in August last year they were at it again , this time taking aim at French actor Juliette Binoche and questioning why they had been so successful in spite of being , `` A nothing . '' blog:12683:2 : :0 Tweet More about Gérard Depardieu , Air france , Klm , CityJet
Budweiser Clydesdales make deliveries in Arlington Heights
hello
It seemed no parking was left Wednesday afternoon in downtown Arlington Heights , where the renowned Budweiser Clydesdales paid a visit .
Hundreds of people stood on their toes and perched children on their shoulders along Vail Street to see the horses get hitched to their wagon at 4 p.m . Some looked on from the top floor of a parking garage nearby .
The horses toured downtown from 5 to 7 p.m. , delivering cartons of beer to local restaurants .
Meghan Cordero , who lives in Lombard , was by chance at their sister 's home in Arlington Heights and decided to make a spontaneous trip out with their 6-month-old , Conan , and dog , Pudge .
`` I wanted ( Conan ) to see them , '' said Cordero , who themselves has never seen the horses .
Accompanied by their Bernese mountain dog , Brody , Arlington Heights residents Brad and Ginny Schroeder said they 'd seen the horses before in St. Louis but could n't pass up the chance to get another glance .
`` They 're just beautiful animals , '' Brad Schroeder said .
`` We love large animals ... large dogs , large horses , '' joked Ginny Schroeder . `` And we love the commercials ! ''
The Clydesdales , which will visit Antioch today , often appear in commercials for the beer company , traditionally during the Super Bowl . They regularly tour around the country and have been a company symbol for 80 years .
In celebration of the end to the Prohibition in 1933 , August A. Busch Jr. and Adolphus Busch III surprised their father , August A. Busch Sr. , son of the brewery 's founder , with the Clydesdales . They were `` moved to tears , '' according to the company 's website .
Of course , the rest is history .
A 3-way catalytic converter is a sophisticated device used in the exhaust system of many modern petrol engine vehicles . It converts harmful gases in the engine exhaust to relatively harmless gases .
Why should we use 3-way catalytic converters ?
The exhaust gases from an engine contain harmful substances such as oxides of nitrogen ( NO x ) , carbon monoxide ( CO ) and Hydrocarbons ( HC ) . These substances produce extreme environment hazards . 3-way catalytic converters convert these harmful substances to less harmful nitrogen ( N 2 ) , carbon-di-oxide ( CO 2 ) and water ( H 2 O ) .
Working :
A three-way catalytic converter makes use of two catalysts to convert harmful gases to harmless gases . They are :
Reduction Catalyst and Oxidation Catalyst
The reduction catalyst is made of platinum and rhodium while the oxidation catalyst is made of platinum and palladium . Both the catalysts have a ceramic honeycomb structure .
Block Diagram of a 3-way Catalytic Converter
Stages :
Stage 1 – Reduction Catalyst :
The exhaust gases are first sent over the reduction catalyst ( which is made of platinum and rhodium ) . It converts oxides of nitrogen ( NO x ) to nitrogen ( N 2 ) and oxygen ( O 2 ) . The following reactions take place when the exhaust gases pass over the reduction catalyst .
2NO → N 2 + O 2
2NO 2 → N 2 + 2O 2
The reduction catalyst simply rips off nitrogen and oxygen from the oxides of nitrogen . As you might know , nitrogen and oxygen are harmless gases while oxides of nitrogen are really harmful to the environment .
Stage 2 – Oxidation Catalyst :
Exhaust gases that are free of oxides of nitrogen ( NO x ) are then sent over the oxidation catalyst ( made of platinum and palladium ) . The oxidation catalyst coverts carbon-monoxide ( CO ) and hydrocarbons ( HC ) in the gases into carbon-di-oxide ( CO 2 ) and water ( H 2 O ) .
The following reactions take place when the exhaust gases pass over the oxidation catalyst :
2CO + O 2 → 2CO 2
HC + O 2 → CO 2 + H 2 O
Note : The second reaction ( above ) is a generalized reaction . In it , HC stands for hydrocarbon . HC might be methane , ethane or other hydrocarbon .
The gases that finally come out of the catalyst chamber are N 2 , CO 2 , and H 2 O . 3-way catalytic converters are so named because they are capable of eliminating three pollutants – NO x , CO and HC .
If you still have any confusion in understanding the working of 3-way catalytic converter , refer the block diagram above or watch the animation video found below .
How a 3-way Catalytic Converter Works – Animation Video
If you have any other ideas about 3-way catalytic converter , you can share them by commenting on this article
BEIRUT — People chosen to resettle in Canada will be getting “ the million-dollar ticket , ” said Mohammed Hamadi as they helped marshal Syrian refugees into the UN High Commissioner for Refugees ' headquarters for appointments Thursday .
Only half jokingly , the security guard at the compound added , “ Do n't talk about what Canada is doing too loudly because if these people hear of this , they will go mad . They want to leave here . They ask for this every day . ”
Mustafa Sharawi , who with their wife and six children fled the rebel-occupied Syrian city of Idlib four years ago , said until they were asked about it they had not heard of the Trudeau government 's decision to bring in 25,000 refugees by the end of the year .
“ You ask me what I know about Canada and my answer is that I can not even tell you what Syria is like any more . I had a restaurant there and here we have nothing , ” Sharawi said . “ I used to sell sweets but had to stop because of high blood pressure . My young sons support us by restocking shelves in a grocery store . ”
The eight Sharawis were living “ a very difficult life ” in two small rooms for which they paid $ 400 a month in rent . The family patriarch expressed uncertainty about whether going to Canada might be a good idea . but they were quickly drowned out by their wife and their children who shouted “ Yes , yes , yes , yes . ”
“ That Syrians might go to Canada is the most exciting thing that any of us have heard for a long time , ” said Aadel Khaled Ktiman , 42 , who arrived in Lebanon with their wife and four children from the shattered hillside village of Ma'loula where residents still speak Aramaic , the language of Jesus .
“ What I understand is that Canada offers everything and that it respects people . Maybe we have a chance . ”
The odds are heavily against either family winning the “ million dollar ticket ” to resettle in Canada , as they are against all Syrian refugees .
Canada is to take 35,000 Syrians , including 10,000 the Harper government agreed to accept earlier this year . But there are one million Syrian refugees in Lebanon and even more in Turkey and Jordan , where Canadian officials are also planning to process applications .
About 30 Syrians showed up Thursday at the Canadian embassy in Beirut to try to get information about how to get selected for resettlement . They were referred to the UNHCR , which is preparing lists of prospective candidates for Immigration Canada .
While delighted at the Canadian initiative , several UN staff expressed surprise and anxiety over the tight timeline the new government had imposed for getting the refugees to Canada .
“ That is very quick and Canada has not yet really told us what they want , ” said one official . “ Families chosen for resettlement are very carefully selected . There are a lot of stones that have to be moved out of the way . ”
One of the difficulties for UNHCR officials was Canada has not yet told the agency the number of refugees it will accept from Lebanon , Turkey and Jordan .
“ We do n't have the Canadian allocation yet , ” said Dana Sleiman , the UNHCR 's spokesperson for Lebanon . “ There is no quota established . We are working on this with the Canadians . ”
Information from resettlement interviews is collected on a database , with files reviewed by senior staff before decisions are made . Then Canada can accept or reject the recommendations .
Diplomats at the Canadian embassy said no one there was authorized to speak with journalists . Media requests were referred to Ottawa .
Ali Alali , 36 , was one of many Syrians milling around outside the UNHCR compound . They arrived in Beirut two years ago with their wife , Meyadi , and their two children after their hometown Deir El Zour was overrun by the Islamic State for Iraq & the Levant .
“ People are starting to speak about Canada . I do n't really believe it . It sounds too good to be true , ” said theformer culture ministry clerk .
“ The day ( ISIL ) came , we ran , ” they said , recalling their family 's harrowing last hours at home . “ There was no reason for us to stay . Our house was already destroyed . We had nothing . ”
Alali gets work from time to time carrying stones and sand on building sites . Such jobs pay $ 20 a day , not nearly enough to cover the $ 400 a month rent for their one-room apartment .
Their priority is to find a country that would “ educate my children and offer them a good life . Here in Lebanon they ca n't go to school because going to school costs money . ”
Education was also a priority for Simon Farhad , 28 , a pharmacist from Homs where Christians like them were targeted by ISIL .
“ I would love to go to Canada to take my master 's degree in pharmacology and then work in a pharmacy or for a company that makes drugs , ” they said .
“ A country like Canada could hold the key to the future for someone like me . I ca n't go back to Syria because the future there is nothing , ” they said , their voice tailing off in despair .
National Post
The off-season is always a time for addition and subtraction . Today is no different as the Pittsburgh Penguins have lost strength and conditioning coach Mike Kadar to the Detroit Red Wings .
Kadar will take the same role with the Red Wings .
The 46-year-old has been with the Penguins since the 2007-08 season and the move was announced in a press release by the Red Wings and confirmed by Jonathan Bombulie of the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review .
Being a strength and conditioning coach is nothing new for Kadar who broke into the NHL with the Los Angeles Kings in the 2003-04 season . Kadar stayed with the Kings for four seasons . They also have served in the same role for Red Deer College from 2001-2002 and the Manchester Monarchs of the AHL from 2002-03 .
In addition , Kadar also was hired as a strength and conditioning consultant for the 2007 Slovenian National Team . Their roles while there were to take charge of strength and flexibility programs while helping the coaching staff with system adjustments . The Slovenian team won the gold medal in the B pool that year .
Kadar graduated from the University of Lethbridge with a physical education degree in 1996 . They had a playing career with Red Deer College and the University of Lethbridge which lasted from 1988-96 .
The Penguins have not commented on a potential replacement .
Longtime Fox News host Greta Van Susteren is hoping Fox viewers follow them over to their new home on MSNBC .
`` I think that the MSNBC audience is going to like me . I hope the Fox audience comes over here , ” Van Susteren told MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow on Thursday night .
“ I want to do a good job for MSNBC . I want to do a good job so you 're proud of me , my colleagues are proud of me and most of all I want to do a good job for the viewers . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Maddow — MSNBC 's highest-rated host — asked Van Susteren if Republicans and right-leaning guests who appeared with them on Fox 's `` On the Record '' will come on their new MSNBC program , `` For the Record . ''
“ Do you think those Republican connections that you made , the Republican guests you 've been able to book , up to and including the president-elect , do you think they will still want to talk to you over here ? ” Maddow asked .
“ I certainly hope so . I think they 're going to come over here . I 'm going to give them a fair shake , I 'll give Republicans a fair shake , I 'll give Democrats a fair shake , '' Van Susteren replied .
The former criminal defense and civil trial lawyer shot to stardom on CNN in 1994 covering the O.J . Simpson murder trial .
Van Susteren , 62 , was at CNN for 10 years before jumping to Fox in 2002 .
They and Fox parted ways abruptly in September after the host reportedly tried to renegotiate their contract after the July resignation of former network chairperson and CEO Roger Ailes .
`` For the Record '' debuts Monday at 6 p.m .
( NaturalNews ) Seven leading scientists have sent a letter to the United Kingdom 's Health Secretary , Andy Burnham , urging them to ban the use of the endocrine-disrupting chemical bisphenol-A ( BPA ) in products intended for use in feeding infants . `` We urge you now to adopt a standpoint consistent with the approach taken by other governments who have ended the use of BPA in food contact products marketed at children , '' they wrote.BPA is used to make hard , clear plastics for products such as baby bottles , food containers and water bottles . It is also used to make resins that line cans of food and infant formula.Numerous studies have linked the chemical to reproductive harm , especially in fetuses and infants . It has also been shown to increase the risk of heart disease , diabetes and cancer , and to cause cognitive damage and abnormal behavior . The Canadian government has banned its use in baby bottles , a number of retailers throughout North America have pledged to stop carrying infant products that contain it , and some North American manufacturers have voluntarily ceased using it.Like the U.S. FDA , however , the U.K. 's Food Standards Agency continues to insist that BPA is safe . `` Keeping BPA baby bottles on the shelves is not an option , '' said Clare Dimmer of Breast Cancer UK . `` It should be very simple , if there is serious scientific evidence that a chemical in baby bottles could increase the risk of life-limiting illness , it should n't be used . It is time government stepped in to ban the bottle . `` According to a recent poll , two-thirds of U.K. residents believe that the use of BPA in baby bottles should be prohibited . `` As a medically qualified pathologist and parent to an eight-month-old baby boy , I feel that it is essential for the government to heed our call for precautionary measures to limit exposure of BPA to very young children , '' said Vyvyan Howard of Ulster University , one of the letter 's signatories.Sources for this story include : www.telegraph.co.uk
The FDA is pretty much kissing off concerns over lead levels in lipstick . But some consumers ' groups are seeing red over it - and for good reason . Just last month a CDC Advisory committee concluded there was no safe level of lead exposure for children or the unborn , due to the weight of evidence associating blood levels below 10 ug/dL with lowered IQs and behavioral problems like ADHD . It found also that adverse effects of these very low levels extended to cardiovascular , immune and endocrine systems . With this information that 's been accumulating for years , how can the FDA take lightly any level of lead in products , especially those easily ingested like lipstick ? At the very least , FDA should label lead amounts in all products . Because damage from lead shows up at all blood levels and is considered irreversible , the committee says the focus should be on prevention . Tell FDA : ZERO is the Only Acceptable Lead Level
We , the undersigned , are concerned about what appears to be your lack of concern over lead in lipstick .
We understand you have stated that 20 parts per million in color additives is not a significant level , however , has n't FDA been relying on companies to do the testing and taking their word for the levels , as is done with synthetic fragrances ? Also is FDA considering all important concerns about lead in lipstick , like those expressed by The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics ( CSC ) ?
This consumer group says `` FDA tested lipstick for the presence of lead only . The agency has not conducted a safety assessment about the health effects of lead exposure from lipstick , nor have they done any studies to determine the amount of lipstick that is ingested by consumers . ''
For example , lipstick is absorbed through the skin and certainly through ingestion as well , so even if levels are low , perhaps more is being absorbed because of multiple ways it gets into the bloodstream . Furthermore , lead accumulates in the body , so frequency of use is also an issue , and often lipstick is applied several times a day , every day in some cases .
Since pregnant women and young children are particularly vulnerable to lead poisoning and its adverse effects , ( `` lead easily crosses the placenta and enters the fetal brain where it can interfere with normal development . `` ) , should n't FDA at least require labeling of lead levels in cosmetics , along with warnings for children and expectant mothers ?
Some have argued that children do n't use lipstick , but have you ever known one not play with it ? And what about the child beauty pageants that are popular with some parents and children ?
Labeling would at least help vulnerable groups choose the safest available products .
In the end , however , it should be up to the FDA to admit there is no safe level of lead and require that all cosmetics contain the least amount possible . So far , says CSC , FDA has set no limits for lipstick lead whatsoever ..
Furthermore , says CSC , `` lead is banned from all cosmetics in the European Union , '' so why not in the United States ?
We request the FDA ban lead from all cosmetics , and until it does , require labeling of lead levels and periodic independent testing to assure labeling is accurate .
Thank you for your attention to these concerns .
Fans of the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League say chaos at the Buckingham arena has spiralled too far out of control .
CBC News captured video footage of Gatineau Mustang fans screaming profanities , giving the middle finger and sexually crude gestures to the opposing team and referees during their Junior B playoff game against the Stittsville Rams on Friday .
`` It 's always a fiasco when you come here , '' said Hamish Fraser , the Rams coach and general manager . `` There 's hatred among basically the Ontario teams and the Quebec teams . ''
It 's gotten to the point where Gatineau police regularly patrol games at the arena .
Hamish Fraser is the head coach and general manager of the Stittsville Rams , the team on the receiving end of abuse from Gatineau Mustangs fans last week . ( CBC )
Officers have been called to the Buckingham arena 10 times since January 2015 .
`` A lot of them are related to bad behaviour in the stands , '' said Sgt . J.P. Lemay , a spokesperson for the Gatineau police .
Police responded to an alleged assault in February at the rink . An enraged parent allegedly knocked over a barricade onto a volunteer at the arena during an argument .
The volunteer did not press charges .
Alcohol cited as a factor
At last Friday 's playoff game three police cruisers parked outside the arena , while officers patrolled the stands . The rink also beefed up security .
Staff stood guard behind the visitor 's bench , penalty box and Zamboni exit where fans are known to holler at opposing players .
Parents visiting the rink say the problem 's fuelled by alcohol . Stittsville Rams parent Carmyn Penner said she 's witnessed beer fly onto the ice .
`` You feel anxious , '' said Penner . `` For me as a parent watching , it takes the fun out of the game for me . ''
Ron McRostie is the president of the EOJHL 's Metro/Valley conference and says this is the only rink in the league where alcohol is served . ( CBC )
The rink added barriers behind the visitor 's bench after complaints of fans yelling and dumping drinks on players and coaches .
One of the league 's conference presidents Ron McRostie said meetings have been held with general managers to keep the alcohol at Buckingham arena confined to an upstairs bar area .
But on Friday the stands were full of fans drinking .
`` We have made a concerted effort , '' said McRostie , `` It 's something that the league has a hard time , this is the only establishment where alcohol is served . ''
As for fan 's bad behaviour in the stands McRostie said `` I have no control over it . ''
Coach : 'not OK to act like that '
Gatineau Mustangs assistant coach Steven Cross did comment on parents screaming profanities after their star player was injured in what turned out to be a season-ending loss .
`` It 's not OK to act like that but parents have emotions like anybody , '' said Cross .
`` It was a bad check from behind . ''
On Monday , the team posted a French-language message to its Facebook page saying they do n't condone the gestures in the video , but police have been called to their arena eight times for minor hockey-related incidents , three times because of fans from other EOJHL teams and once for something one of their fans did outside the arena , a total of 12 .
The Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League is downsizing next year from 22 teams to 16 . Cross said they worry their team wo n't be part of the new league .
Hockey Canada is expected to comment on parent 's behaviours in the stands later today .
Rep. Thomas Massie and other Republicans want D.C. to allow concealed carry permits for firearms . ( Photo By Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call File Photo )
Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie and 23 other GOP lawmakers on Thursday introduced a bill responding to the congressional baseball practice shooting that would allow individuals with concealed carry permits from other states to carry guns in the District of Columbia .
While the baseball practice shooting took place in Virginia , a state that already has a gun reciprocity law , the sponsors of the bill argue that it is the District 's law that prevented lawmakers and staff from being armed during practice since they were traveling to and from Washington .
“ I think we need to look at some kind of reciprocity for members here , ” Georgia Rep. Barry Loudermilk told reporters Wednesday a few hours after they and other House Republicans were shot at during their morning baseball practice .
“ If this had happened in Georgia , they would n't have gotten too far , ” Loudermilk said of the shooter . “ I had a staff member who was in their car maybe 20 yards behind the shooter who was pinned to their car who back in Georgia carries a 9 millimeter in their car . I carry a weapon . They had a clear shot at him . But here , we 're not allowed to carry any weapons . ”
Loudermilk is one of the 23 initial co-sponsors of Massie 's bill , which would extend reciprocity in D.C. to any individual with a valid concealer carry permit from their home state , not just members of Congress .
“ Our reaction should instead be to protect the right of all citizens guaranteed in the Constitution : the right to self-defense , ” Massie said in a statement . “ I do not want to extend a special privilege to politicians , because the right to keep and bear arms is not a privilege , it is a God-given right protected by our Constitution . ”
Massie commended the Capitol Police for their “ heroic efforts ” during Wednesday 's shooting but said that a relaxation of gun laws is needed since not everyone has a personal police detail .
“ What 's always evident in these situations is this : the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , ” the Kentucky Republican said .
District of Columbia Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton , a nonvoting member , was quick to criticize Massie 's bill .
“ It took less than a day for Representative Massie to exploit the shocking targeting of Members of Congress and staff to abuse congressional authority over D.C. to undermine our local jurisdiction 's gun safety laws , ” Norton said in a statement .
“ In the wake of an attack , Representative Massie is shamefully using the District as political fodder to advance the NRA-backed goal of moving toward national concealed carry reciprocity , they said . “ If Representative Massie was true to their principles , they would introduce a bill to allow guns in the Capitol Complex and other federal buildings , where their jurisdiction is without question . ”
D.C. requires applicants for concealed carry permit to demonstrate a good reason for needing to carry a gun .
Congressional Republicans have frequently targeted D.C. 's gun laws , since they can wield power over the District because of its unique federal status . In 2014 , Massie also promoted a rider to the D.C. spending bill that would have prohibited D.C. officials from enforcing the District 's gun laws .
Bridget Bowman contributed to this report .
As I was having my morning coffee and chicory , I could n't help but smile reading Jonathan Martin 's piece on former President Clinton 's recent appearance in Arkansas on behalf of incumbent Sen. Mark Pryor , who is facing a tough race for reelection . As one ages , it can sometimes have the effect where you become less certain about things than you might have been as a younger person . There is one thing I am certain of , however : Bill Clinton William ( Bill ) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says they never told McCabe their wife was ' a loser ' MORE yesterday was probably the happiest man in the United States .
Start with the fact that they are now a grandfather , and combine it with the fact that they were right in the middle of the two things that really matter to him : Arkansas and politics . Anybody who has spent any time with the former governor knows that if you ask them what percentage of the vote they got in Calhoun , Clay , Carroll or Clark county in Arkansas in 1983 , they wo n't just tell you , they will tell you the entire history of the place . Now , I 've heard it said that when you ask people the time , some people give you time , some people tell you how to build a watch and some people tell you how to build a Swiss village . If you were to ask Bill Clinton about Arkansas politics , they would tell you how to build Geneva .
ADVERTISEMENT
Clinton 's analysis of the Senate race is spot on : Republicans “ want you to make this a protest vote . ... They 're saying , ‘ Hey , you might like these guys but , hey , you know what you got to do , you got to vote against the president . After all it 's your last shot . ' It 's a pretty good scam is n't it ? ‘ Give me a six-year job for a two-year protest . ' That 's Mark Pryor 's opponent 's message . ”
This , by the way , is basically the entire Republican Party 's campaign strategy . But if one were to look at the advice from Clinton on the Affordable Care Act , we can see a path forwards for the Democratic Party . Even in the deep-red state of Arkansas , Clinton praised the Affordable Care Act , just as Pryor has been doing all along in their campaign . At Democracy Corps , which I founded in 1999 with strategist Stanley Greenberg , we have been arguing for some time that there is no reason for Democrats to run away from the healthcare reform law . In fact what we are seeing now is that many Republicans are showing some hesitation to discuss their vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act .
I would advise all Democratic Senate candidates in tight races to obtain the former president 's remarks from Arkansas . There is more wisdom and strategic advice in that one tape than in any poll , from any focus group or in any late night or early morning meetings .
After all of my years in politics , I 've learned that sometimes things that are said are true and other things that are said are less than true . ( By the way , Jonathan Chait : while you 're right about most things you do , you 're wrong about Clinton 's political skills ) . I was really amused , for instance , when , according to Martin 's story , Clinton mocked reporters who questioned their interest and fixation with Arkansas politics . Well , Arkansas politics is not their fixation , it is their obsession . Their reply might be the truest thing said this cycle , “ I plead guilty — I am obsessed with you . ”
Carville is a political contributor for Fox News and ARISE News . They also serve as a professor at Tulane University in New Orleans , where they live with their wife , Republican strategist Mary Matalin . Carville is the co-author with Stan Greenberg of It 's The Middle Class , Stupid ! Their column will appear twice a month in The Hill .
Amazon is working on building a pair of smart glasses to house its Alexa voice assistant , and a home security camera that could be linked to its existing Echo connected devices to further expand their capabilities , according to a report in the FT citing people familiar with the company 's plans .
The newspaper says one or both of these products could be launched before the end of the year , alongside updates to existing Echo devices .
An Amazon spokesperson declined to comment , saying company policy is not to comment on rumors or speculation .
According to the FT , the smart glasses are intended to be purely an earbuds-free housing for Amazon 's Alexa AI — with a bone-conduction audio system that would enable the wearer to hear Alexa without the need to be wired in .
With no mobile platform of its own to build on , Amazon has a strategic disadvantage vs Google and Apple because it can not bake its voice AI into smartphone hardware where millions of engaged users could easily summon it — hence the company working on a plethora of alternative connected devices to try to put Alexa within earshot anyway .
The idea for the glasses , which would be its first wearable , would be to do just that : Enable Alexa to be summoned from anywhere , vs the current situation where users are barking commands at static in-home speakers .
The FT reports the glasses would wirelessly tether to a user 's smartphone for connectivity . They are also apparently being designed to look like a regular pair of spectacles , so they could be worn comfortably and unobtrusively .
The paper notes that Amazon hired Babak Parviz , founder of Google Glass , in 2014 , and says he 's been closely involved in the project . It also points to several other Glass researchers , engineers and designers having moved to Amazon 's labs — per analysis of their LinkedIn profiles .
And while Google Glass roundly failed to ignite consumer interest — which can be partly blamed on its awkward , geeky appearance , including the inclusion of a camera and a small screen positioned in the eyeline — the FT says Amazon 's specs would likely eschew both camera and screen to avoid the risk of similar concerns , while also maximizing battery life .
That does mean the glasses appear to be a lot more basic than the AR specs Apple has been rumored to be working on — but also likely to come to market a lot sooner .
Of course if Amazon 's glasses contain an always listening microphone they would still represent a privacy concern — though it 's not clear if that 's Amazon 's intention at this stage , or whether the wearer would need to touch the glasses to summon the AI 's ear .
The ecommerce giant has been ramping up its connected devices portfolio ever since it outed the original Echo smart speaker in November 2014 — a device we dubbed “ a tad baffling , but also intriguing ” at the time .
The speaker went on to become something of a surprise hit for Amazon , whose prior mobile hardware forays had badly flopped . And while it has never broken out Echo sales figures , it 's clear the idea of a smart speaker has excited huge interest from industry , dovetailing with rising hype around voice interfaces as the next big user interaction shift , as computing becomes increasingly embedded into the environment where it might not be viable ( or desirable ) to have lots of screens .
Rivals were soon putting out their own AI-powered Echo clones , such as Alphabet 's Google Home smart speaker ( rumored to soon be coming in a smaller form factor too ) . Apple is also now getting in on the smart speaker game , with the Siri housing HomePod .
Meanwhile Amazon has doubled down on Echo , turning its single breakout product into a full category portfolio — with an entry level option ( ~ $ 50 Echo Dot ) , a portable speaker ( Echo Tap ) , a speaker-plus-screen for in-home video comms ( Echo Show ) , and a fashion-focused selfie-taker and style assistant ( Echo Look ) .
If the FT 's sources are on the money the next Echo-branded addition could be an ‘ Echo Protect ' security camera .
If this is true , Amazon will be playing catch up here as the category has plenty of competitors . Google , for example , already has such a product — its Nest division acquired Dropcam in 2014 .
But despite some extant tech giant ( and startup ) competition , home security is a mainstream concern and thus a popular category in its own right . So the space could be a route for Amazon to get more mainstream consumers introduced to and comfortable with its Alexa AI .
The FT says Amazon 's secretive Lab 126 product development division has been tasked with studying the smart home market to determine which devices would make sense for Amazon to build next .
It also reports that the planned Internet-connected Echo camera would be able to tie into Amazon 's existing Echo products — by , for example , allowing users to view the video feed on the Echo Show 's screen .
There 's a potential privacy risk here too if a security camera Echo device could be configured to connect to any camera in the Echo family — given the Echo Look is intended to be located in a bedroom , for example .
Or indeed , if it could connect to any Echo device 's microphone to snoop on the audio in different rooms in the home .
So again it remains to be seen how Amazon handles integration between its growing portfolio of Echo devices to avoid the risk of the tech coming across as rather too creepy to be comfortable .
WINSTON-SALEM , N.C. -- It took a while for Virginia Tech to find its rhythm . Once the Hokies finally did , they did n't stop scoring until the game was in hand .
Logan Thomas rushed for two touchdowns and passed for two more to lead No . 19 Virginia Tech past Wake Forest 38-17 Saturday night .
Thomas finished 17 of 32 for 280 yards with scoring passes of 20 yards to Jarrett Boykin and 30 yards to Marcus Davis , and added scoring runs of 1 and 3 yards for the Hokies ( 6-1 , 2-1 ACC ) , who shook off an early 10-point deficit and took command by reeling off four touchdowns in an 11-minute , 7-second span .
`` We came out and we started scoring , '' running back David Wilson said , `` and the rest is history . ''
Boykin caught seven passes for 149 yards to help Virginia Tech win its second straight overall and its fifth in a row in the series , and snap Wake Forest 's four-game winning streak .
Tanner Price was 19 of 33 for 254 yards with touchdowns of 79 yards to Chris Givens and 4 yards to Cameron Ford for the Demon Deacons ( 4-2 , 3-1 ) . After knocking off then-No . 23 Florida State last week , they were denied the first consecutive wins over Top 25 teams in school history .
`` I feel like last week 's win went to our head a little bit , and we came out here thinking we were going to win just because we beat Florida State , '' Givens said . `` And this is what happens when you play in a league like the ACC and you do n't come to play every single day . ''
Wilson finished with 136 yards rushing and a 7-yard touchdown for the Hokies , who could n't get anything going against an inspired Wake Forest defense until midway through the second quarter .
But once they finally started scoring , they did n't stop until they had a comfortable lead .
Thomas found Boykin down the left sideline for 39 yards to the Wake Forest 1 , and that set up the quarterback 's scoring sneak that made it 10-7 with 8:43 left in the half . One possession later , Wilson 's 43-yard sideline run set up Thomas ' touchdown pass to Boykin that gave Virginia Tech the lead for good .
`` We knew we 'd eventually hit something that kind of got us going , and it took off from there , '' Thomas said . `` I think we could just chip away and we would have been perfectly fine , but just coming back the way we did , it was a good confidence boost for the offense , and the defense did a great job as well . ''
Tariq Edwards then intercepted a tipped pass by Price , giving the Hokies the ball at the Wake Forest 26 with 30 seconds left in the half . Four plays later , Thomas faked a handoff to Wilson and rumbled in from 3 yards out to make it 21-10 with four seconds left .
Wilson then made it 28-10 with 12:36 left in the third with their touchdown run . After Price 's TD toss to Ford pulled Wake Forest within 11 late in that quarter , Thomas answered by moving the Hokies 96 yards in 14 plays and throwing their scoring pass to Davis to push the lead to 35-17 with 10:49 to play .
`` It 's answering the bell , and I think we 've got some guys , Logan being one of them ... that want to step up and make a play , '' coach Frank Beamer said .
After a punchless performance two weeks ago against Clemson , Thomas bounced back by accounting for nine touchdowns -- four rushing , five passing -- in two games . They threw for three TDs and ran for two more in last week 's win over Miami .
The Demon Deacons were humiliated in last year 's 52-21 loss in Blacksburg . They had plenty of early reasons to believe in the upset this time , needing a little over eight minutes to jump out to a 10-0 lead after their longest play of the year against a Virginia Tech defense that was starting two new faces along the defensive line .
Givens finished with seven catches for 140 yards , and more than half of that total came when they slipped past Jayron Hosley while going deep down the middle . Price hit them in stride and they outran the Tech cornerback -- who appeared to clutch their hamstring while they chased the receiver -- to the end zone for Wake Forest 's fourth scoring play of at least 40 yards this season . Beamer said Hosley 's hamstring had been tender all week .
Still , at that point , the Demon Deacons outgained Virginia Tech 122-2 .
`` No one panicked . Everyone kept doing their business , '' Beamer said . `` Our players kept playing hard . Our coaches kept coaching hard . And we found a way to get it done . ''
Just two weeks ago , the Republican National Committee and the Donald Trump campaign announced that they were forming the `` National Hispanic Advisory Council for Trump '' with 23 Latino members of the GOP .
On Thursday , multiple members of the group said they were withdrawing their support from the Republican nominee 's campaign after they vowed to enact hard-line immigration policies in a speech on Wednesday night .
It 's not hard to see why some people on the council might feel betrayed . Many of them met with Trump on August 20 in a meeting at Trump Tower . During the meeting , they were said to have expressed support for a rethink of their immigration message—even contemplating giving undocumented immigrants a path toward legal status .
Yet Trump gave a very different message to a roaring Phoenix crowd on Wednesday night , emphasizing that they would crack down on visa overstayers , cut federal funding for `` sanctuary cities , '' bar a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants , and create a new `` special deportation task force '' to bring the number of deportations up from President Obama 's already sky-high levels .
On Thursday , at least four members of the group either said they were resigning or harshly criticized the speech , and some reports suggest there are more to come .
Advertisement
Grace Flores Hughes , a member of the committee and a former federal government official in multiple presidential administrations , told me in a phone interview on Thursday that they were `` withdrawing support for Trump . ''
`` As long as they continue with this sort of rhetoric , no , none of us are going to support him , '' Hughes said . `` He 's too right-wing . ''
They emphasized that they would not back Hillary Clinton and they were never a member of Trump 's campaign staff—just part of an advisory board convened by the RNC .
Advertisement
`` The majority of people who are here illegally are here to seek a better life , '' Hughes said . `` The majority of them are good , hardworking , honest people . I think we need to concentrate on that and talk about that . ''
Another member of the council , Jacob Monty of Texas , said in a Facebook post that they had suggested a sensible immigration plan to Trump . `` He rejected that tonight and so I must reject him , '' Monty wrote . `` He was moving toward a [ reasonable ] , pro business and [ compassionate ] immigration plan . Tonight they were not a Republican but a populist , modern day Father Coughlin who demonized immigrants . They must want to lose . They can do that without me . ''
Texas pastor Ramiro Pena , another member , said that the council was a `` scam '' in an email to RNC officials that was first reported by Politico .
Advertisement
`` I am so sorry but I believe Mr. Trump lost the election tonight , '' Pena wrote . `` The 'National Hispanic Advisory Council ' seems to be simply for optics and I do not have the time or energy for a scam . ''
A fourth member , Alfonso Aguilar , the president of the Latino Partnership for Conservative Principles , told Politico they were also considering ditching the advisory committee .
“ It 's so disappointing because we feel we took a chance , a very risky chance , ” Aguilar said . “ We decided to make a big U-turn to see if we could make them change . We thought we were moving in the right direction … we 're disappointed . We feel misled . ”
Advertisement
The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Casey Tolan is a National News Reporter for Fusion based in New York City .
Image caption Japan-US ties have been strained over the future of the Okinawa base and troops
The United States and Japan have reached a deal to move thousands of US Marines from the island of Okinawa .
Some 9,000 marines will be sent to `` locations outside of Japan '' , a joint statement by Washington and Tokyo said . Some 10,000 troops will remain .
The revised agreement comes ahead of a visit to Washington by Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda .
The two sides have still not reached agreement on closing the controversial Futenma airbase on Okinawa .
The troops leaving Okinawa will be moved to Guam , Hawaii and other locations in the Asia Pacific region .
Japan has been unable to fulfil the conditions of an agreement over Okinawa signed in 2006 under which it had to find an alternative location for the Futenma air base before US troops were redeployed .
Proposed alternatives met heavy local opposition .
At the beginning of talks this year , both countries said they had agreed to de-link the two issues .
In the latest statement , they said they still agreed that Futenma should be relocated to Camp Schwab , in a sparsely populated area miles north of Naha , in line with the 2006 deal .
This `` remains the only viable solution that has been identified to date '' , the two governments said .
OKINAWA TIMELINE 1429 : King Sho Hashi establishes Ryukyu kingdom
: King Sho Hashi establishes Ryukyu kingdom 1609 : Satsuma clan from southern Japan invade
Satsuma clan from southern Japan invade 1872 : Japan makes Ryukyu kingdom a feudal domain ; absorbs it in 1879
Japan makes Ryukyu kingdom a feudal domain ; absorbs it in 1879 1945 : An estimated 100,000 Okinawan civilians die in Battle of Okinawa ; Japan surrenders ; US takes control of Okinawa
An estimated 100,000 Okinawan civilians die in Battle of Okinawa ; Japan surrenders ; US takes control of Okinawa 1972 : Okinawa reverts to Japan ; US bases stay Profile : Okinawa
The announcement is intended to take the sting out of the dispute before Mr Noda visits Washington next week , says the BBC 's Roland Buerk in Tokyo .
'Balance of power '
The US presence on Okinawa island has long been controversial .
Locals on Okinawa say having the Futenma base near a city is dangerous and noisy and they want it removed from the island altogether .
Occasional well-publicised instances of bad behaviour and criminality by US personnel , including a 1995 rape of a 12-year-old girl by three US servicemen , have fuelled the concerns .
The issue has put a strain on the US-Japan security alliance , which both countries see as critical to maintaining the balance of power in Asia as China rises , says our correspondent .
Former Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama promised to shift the base off the island , but they resigned in 2010 when they failed to get agreement on another location .
It remains unclear when the troops will be redeployed and when the Futenma base will be moved .
US Defence Secretary Leon Panetta said the US would now work with the Japanese Self Defense Force to `` implement these decisions '' .
`` Japan is not just a close ally , but also a close friend , '' they said . '' And I look forward to deepening that friendship and strengthening our partnership as , together , we address security challenges in the region . ''
The US has a total military deployment in Japan of about 50,000 personnel .
Vic Reeves and Bob Mortimer have today given comedy fans the news they 've been longing for . They are returning to sketch comedy with a new series called Vic and Bob 's Afternoon Delights . But , as with the return of Alan Partridge last year , they are making the shows with the backing of Foster 's lager and will broadcast them on the web .
It is some years since we have seen a new Reeves and Mortimer sketch show . The BBC reportedly turned down a new sketch series , HMS Reeves and Mortimer a couple of years ago , preferring to re-commission the pair 's panel show Shooting Stars – a more solid rating performer than their previous sketch outings . But some of the funniest moments in the recent series of Shooting Stars were sketches taken from early work on HMS Reeves and Mortimer .
The comedians have said for some time that they 'd be keen to make another sketch show – but to do so it appears that they have had to sidestep the BBC . The questions are : will other comedians follow suit ? As TV comedy seems to increasingly squeeze out originality in favour of broad appeal , perhaps the web is the obvious home for the more leftfield talents , leaving broadcasters to the Michael MacIntyres of this world ?
In the press release for Afternoon Delights Reeves said : `` Foster 's has given us the freedom to let our imaginations run wild and present to you , via the internet , some exclusive characters and sketches . ''
This appears to be something they did n't have with a more traditional broadcaster . With endless recourse to focus groups and audience research , the `` talent '' is no longer trusted to be funny . Monty Python was n't the product of carefully researched demographic profiling . It flew freely from the minds of some very clever people who knew what made them laugh . Now ratings seem to be all , is it any wonder that some very big names are turning their back on traditional broadcasters ? ( Interestingly , in the wake of Mid Morning Matters ' online success , Coogan has recently been talking to broadcasters about reworking the series for TV . )
There 's also something about that 10- to 15-minute hit which works really well with comedy . In the early 2000s , BBC2 commissioned perfect little 10-minute slots to broadcast shows like Marion and Geoff and Posh Nosh , ostensibly to fill out the scheduling gap left by imported US programmes , which ran shorter than our British one-hour slots . But they were perfect , bite-size and satisfying . Ten minutes are also the ideal length for a webcast , giving you just enough time to get into it and leaving you wanting to see the next one .
And if the web 's good enough for Vic and Bob and Steve Coogan , who else could be due a revival ? In my wildest dreams , the cast of Absolutely are now sitting around a table with Foster 's executives , planning their own return to our screens , albeit computer screens . And if the various cast members of Big Train could just take a short break from their incredibly successful careers to make a new series of 10-minute , web-friendly quickies , I would even pretend to like lager . Tell us below who else you 'd like to see ...
AOL Realizes Way Too Late That AIM Should Have Been A Social Network
from the catching-up-four-years-late dept
As social networks like Friendster and then MySpace first came to prominence in the 2003/2004 time frame , we wondered why the big players ( AOL/Yahoo/Microsoft ) in the instant messaging space did n't recognize that those instant messaging networks were better social networks than the networks . Whereas most social networks had little to do once you connected , most people used instant messaging to communicate all the time . Those instant messaging systemsknew who all your `` friends '' were , and it should n't be that hard to then take that information and convert it into a more standard social network , with instant messaging features built right in . Yet , nothing really happened . Yahoo and Microsoft made some half-hearted attempts at social networking with little success , keeping them mostly separate from their vibrant instant messaging networks . Now , it appears that AOL has finally woken up and realized this possibility , but since it 's so late to the game , it 's decided to just buy Bebo for $ 850 million and integrate it with AIM While $ 850 million is less than was earlier rumored , and suggests that Bebo 's growth rate is n't as strong as it would like , the site does have plenty of users ( mostly in the UK ) . When I was over in the UK a few months ago , everyone was talking about Bebo the way people talk about Facebook here . That said , linking AIM to Bebo in a way that gets people interested may be difficult . There 's certainly a bit of social network fatigue going on these days , and it seems as though people are beginning to wonder why they should join yet another social network unless it really provides something different and compelling than the last social network . Yes , AOL should be turning AIM into a social network , but they should have done it four years ago when it still made sense . As it stands , this seems likely to go nowhere fast -- especially with the cloud over AOL 's future strategy .
Filed Under : acquisitions , instant messaging , social networks
Companies : aol , bebo , time warner
5015 Connecticut Ave , NW
From Politics and Prose :
“ The history of Politics and Prose has been one of periodic expansion . Since its founding 33 years ago , the bookstore has grown from a single , narrow space on the west side of Connecticut Avenue NW to its current location consisting of three storefronts on the avenue 's east side . But even that enlarged space , totaling about 11,500 square feet , has n't been enough to accommodate the store 's increasing activities and staff .
Now that 's about to change . The recent closing of Regal Customs Cleaners next to P & P has opened the way for a further expansion of the bookstore . Plans call for a part of the former cleaners to be converted into new retail space for books and non-book items . The rest will be turned into offices and storage areas , enabling a number of P & P staff members currently housed in a nearby condo to relocate and work out of the store itself .
Renovation of the former cleaners has already begun and is due for completion by February .
The retail portion of the new space will have much the same look as the existing store but will feature a skylight and an additional checkout desk . Sale books , currently shelved on the store 's lower level , will be shifted to the new upper level , and the downstairs space now occupied by sale books will be transformed into a classroom for P & P 's growing schedule of literary classes .
This expansion of the flagship store comes as P & P is branching out into other parts of the city . Last month , we opened a new store at The Wharf in southwest D.C. and we 've been very pleased by the enthusiastic reception that venture has received . A second new location at Union Market in northeast D.C. had also been due to start this fall but is now scheduled for the first part of 2018 .
The opening of the two branches reflects our desire to be a part of growing neighborhoods in other parts of D.C. while our decision to expand the main store represents an abiding commitment to the city 's northwest neighborhoods , whose residents have done so much to help strengthen and sustain P & P from its inception in 1984 . We remain deeply rooted on Connecticut Avenue NW even as we embark on new ventures in two other dynamic areas of the city . We 're confident that enlarging the flagship store 's retail space and bringing more of its operations under one roof will improve service to customers and make for an even more enjoyable experience for those browsing the aisles or participating in P & P 's programs .
— Brad and Lissa ”
The Hatch Act of 1939 is a piece of the United States federal legislation which prohibits federal employees , employees of the District of Columbia and certain employees of state and local governments from engaging in partisan political activity . The Act was named after Senator Carl Hatch of New Mexico who protested the political involvement of federal employees in primaries and general elections and sponsored the bill that became the Hatch Act . In 1993 , the Act was substantially amended . The 1993 amendments , 5 U.S.C.S . §§ 7321-7326 , clarified the rights of federal employees to a great extent . The Act bars only the misuse of official authority or influence , and misuse of work place and official duties . The Hatch Act Reform Amendments of 1993 permit most federal employees to take an active part in partisan political management and partisan political campaigns . While federal employees are still prohibited from seeking public office in partisan elections , most employees are free to work , while off duty , on the partisan campaigns of the candidates of their choice . However , a small group of federal employees are subject to greater restrictions and continue to be prohibited from engaging in partisan political management and partisan political campaigns . The Hatch Act , 5 U.S.C.S . §§ 7321-7326 , forbids employees of the United States and its agencies , generally , from politicizing the work place . It assures that federal employees are appointed and promoted according to merit , and that they serve the public equally , regardless of political affiliation .
An Ariel liquid detergent bottle with an '18 ' on it in Berlin , Germany , on May 9 , 2014 . ( Photo11 : Ferdinand Ostrop , AP )
BERLIN ( AP ) — Procter & Gamble has apologized for `` any false connotations '' after stirring anger in Germany for unintentionally placing a neo-Nazi code on promotional packages for its Ariel laundry detergent .
Outraged shoppers had posted pictures online of Ariel powder boxes featuring a white soccer jersey with a large number `` 88 . '' The number is sensitive because far-right extremists in Germany often use it as a code to skirt a ban on the use of Nazi slogans in public : since `` H '' is the eighth letter of the alphabet , `` 88 '' represents the phrase `` Heil Hitler . '' Similarly , `` 18 '' is used to stand for `` A.H. '' or Adolf Hitler .
Procter & Gamble acknowledged Friday that the number was `` unintentionally ambiguous . ''
`` We very much regret if there are any false associations and distance ourselves clearly from any far-right ideology , '' company spokesperson Gabi Hassig said in a statement . The number `` 88 '' was intended to show how many loads of laundry buyers would be able to do with one package .
Haessig said the company has stopped shipping the offending powder , as well as a liquid detergent that was being promoted as `` Ariel 18 . '' The number also represented the number of loads that could be done , the company said .
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1kYw1zU
In February 14′ there were being held some prostests in Venezuela . These were really active for some couple of days and they have now silent a bit . It 's probably a bit late to post this , but it might help someone in the future so I 'm sharing it anyhow . I might have gotten some historical facts wrong , so do n't hesitate to correct me with a comment if that 's the case . Also , if you 're an ignorant in the topic , do n't content yourself with the info found only in this essay — care to search for more info anywhere else .
There was a time in which Venezuela was a very rich country due to its oil production . It was a country that welcomed foreign people and the gap between the poor and rich was n't as big as today . There was barely hatred towards anybody . That lasted , summarizing , until the 70 's , maybe 80 's . By then the gap between the rich and the poor had grown a lot . The rich did n't care about the poor , why would they ? They just ignored them . Hate started to be noticed in people 's lives .
This is when Chavez comes in . They won the elections legally and took over the government . They spent a lot of money on programs to help the poor . Actually , some of these programs helped , of which some of them continue to do so . Some other programs were not good but they managed to make them seem otherwise . The government made a lot of money not be reinvested and be lost in pockets of state officials as a result of corruption .
The government and its programs got popular thanks to a huge amount of propaganda . This constant propaganda was usually transmitted by national broadcast . Chavez would also speak for hours every week and they were very charismatic . Little by little , they won the people 's trust .
They then changed the Constitution ( with a referendum ) and afterwards approved a law that allowed them to make laws without them having to be approved by the National Congress . So basically , anything they said became the law .
Again , little by little they also started to take over the other state powers ( judiciary , legislature and executive powers , the press and communications ) , sometimes by referendums and other times by creating laws that allowed them directly or indirectly choose whoever they wanted to do whatever they wanted .
So the separation of the State 's powers was merely fictional from then on . That 's why ( usually ) state officials wo n't suffer any consequences when doing something illegal .
Chavez 's speeches were always anti-capitalist and anti-rich and middle class . They would be very aggressive at times and hate started to grow even more in everybody 's hearts , making the gap between the poor and rich even bigger .
He , the now all-mighty president , started to expropriate and take over many companies ( some companies were being unproductive , but many others were not ) . This was obviously seen by their supporters as something good since many of the expropriated companies gave them jobs . However , it drove a lot of companies and investors away from the country .
Most of these companies are currently either abandoned or very unproductive .
These expropriations and the whole giving away thousands of millions of $ US to other lefties governments are two of the main reasons for the horrible nowadays condition of the economy .
Other reasons of the current situation of the economy are the currency controls since 2003 , after a coup d'etat against Chavez that kept them away from power for only two days and a huge national strike including PDVSA ( the national and 20th biggest oil company worldwide ) which lasted a couple of months in 2002 .
As a result these days , inflation rates are incredibly high and the price of the dollar in the black market ( the type of dollar one can truly acquire ) is almost 10 times the official price . In addition to all this , a shortage of basic needs and commodities ( such as oil , butter , milk , chicken , beef , flour , coffee , sugar and toilet paper among many others ) has emerged , for which ; of course , the government blames the capitalist opposition .
Something else very important to consider is the media restrictions , since Chavez took over most of the media so it would support the government . They used the National Broadcast to override all national TV channels and radio stations that went against the government .
In 2007 RCTV broadcasting license expired . RCTV was a TV channel that was against the government and had been accused of helping in the putsch in 2002 , so the government decided not to renew its license .
Ever since , the restrictions on the media have gone to worse to the point that they wo n't transmit any news that will give even a slightly bad image of the government . The only TV channel that dared still do so was Globovisión , for which it faced constant legal actions and fines . And so , the channel ended up being sold to a businessman who was affiliated to the government in 2013 .
The mainstream media does n't currently transmit any information that might harm the government .
Regarding insecurity ; this is one of the main issues in Venezuela . It was constantly ignored as a problem by the government until a few years ago when it became way too big and important to be ignored . The take of action against insecurity started with the emergence of a new police entity called the National Bolivarian Police . Its effectiveness has been doubtful .
Insecurity is still a really big issue since many people keep dying by gunshots every day , just like kidnappings and hijackings occur all over the country every day . For you to make an idea of how bad this issue really is , in Venezuela more people were killed due to insecurity in 2013 ( 24,763 ) than in the war in Iraq ( 9,472 ) [ data source : http : //IraqBodyCount.org % 5D .
Additionally , there are the ‘ Colectivos ‘ which are organized armed civilians who support the government . They control areas of certain ‘ barrios ‘ and they 're heavily armed . The police have no jurisdiction over the areas these colectivos control .
The main concern is that it is well-known that if given a request from the government , these groups wo n't hesitate to act with violence .
There is a lot more to talk about , such as the awful situation of prisons , as well as both cultural and social aspects involved in all of these , but none as important as the asupervisorstioned .
After Chavez 's death in 2013 , a chance of government change was possible since the opponent leader Henrique Capriles rapidly gaining popularity . Nicolas Maduro however , managed to exploit Chavez 's disease , death and project in order to obtain the people 's sympathy , for they were “ the son of Chavez ” as Chavez themselves named them their successor just before their passing away .
Finally , Maduro won the election 50.61 % to 49.12 % . The results were questioned by the opposition which claimed they had won . Nonetheless , Maduro continued in power . Their government has been criticized by both opposition and Chavez 's supporters ; however they remain solidly in power and has tried to follow Chavez 's line .
In early February 2014 , some university students from Mérida were captured and were being held by local police officers for supposedly being responsible for violent acts .
This last February 12th 2014 was National Youth Day , a holiday in Venezuela that honors young people and students who helped win a battle during the Independence War against Spain back in 1814 . This was the day chosen for nation-wide demonstrations to demand the release of these detained students and to protest peacefully against the current situation of the country that has caused a general discomfort .
In Caracas , the State capital , there were two demonstrations , one for the government and the other against it .
These demonstrations were mostly attended by students and happened in many main cities of the country . In Caracas these were pretty crowded and they marched towards “ Fiscalía ” ( the Prosecutor 's Office ) to require an answer for the events in Mérida .
To promote violence was never the intention of the demonstration , but to be seen and for everyone to know that there are people against this government .
Nevertheless , just by the time they were leaving , an armed group appeared and started to shoot and cause panic among the demonstrators . This armed group is known as the ‘ Colectivo Tupamaros ‘ .
Consequently , this commotion ended up with public damage , cars burned , three deaths and many injured . However the media did n't cover anything about this . In order to know what was really going on you were forced to consult other sources such as Twitter , Facebook , WhatsApp or SMS texts . There was only one international channel that could be watched from Venezuela that was transmitting what was going on ( ntn24.com ) . After a while it was taken down and shut off from transmission .
So once again you had to turn to social networks , specially Twitter , to know what was going on in your own country since the press was n't transmitting any of it .
Another Venezuelan opposition leader called Leopoldo López was accused by the government of conspiracy and murder after the violent events that had occurred . Hence an order to capture them was issued against him . Nonetheless , they gave themselves to the troops of the National Guard on Tuesday .
Up until February 22nd 2014 , protests have ended up with 8 dead , more than 200 injured and 190 detained . Other exaggerated measures have taken place these days such as limited access to the internet , warrant-less search of private property , live ammunition against unarmed protesters , implementation of martial law ( imposition of military power over designated regions ) , violations of press freedom and the already mentioned detention without trial .
( Opinion )
The government says that the Venezuelan opposition is killing government supporters with firearms . Well , this little video clip will show a different picture . It was a brave photographer who took the pictures , because even after the guards discovered them and started shooting at him , they kept on filming . The protagonists in the video clip are National Guards , elected to PROTECT citizens , not to kill or injure them .
This happened in the city of Valencia , a city about 150 km south of Caracas , and whom you observe are seen blasting parked cars with their guns and breaking the windows for no reason whatsoever , getting the kicks out of their deeds ( watch the broad smiles on their faces and how they enjoy shooting at the crowds from their hidden-away corners ) are uniformed national guards .
Their fire is not responded by the crowds , simply because the latter do not have any guns and also because 90 % are high school and university students . I have more of these videos taken by amateurs . In one of them you can see how they kill a student in a central part of Caracas at gunpoint .
These national guard-gorillas really enjoy their activity as butchers ! Will people abroad finally understand what we have been going through for the last 15 years and that democracy in Venezuela is fake ? I do not know how long the protests will last , but one thing is for sure : if the opposition gives in now or gives up the fight , the repression from the government will be absolutely unspeakable and unheard of . The fight has to continue until the end which can only be one : the Cuban-lead communist regime has to go once and for all .
Follow @ dimitrit94
'The public , the press , and the scientific community will all benefit from learning about the latest research and observational data that indicate climate science is anything but ‘ settled . '' -- Joseph Bast , president , The Heartland Institute
Is the theory of human-made global warming still credible ? Why do surveys show a majority of Americans and scientists do not believe global warming is human-made and a major problem ?
Hundreds of the world 's most prominent “ skeptics ” of the claim that human activity is causing a climate crisis will converge in Las Vegas on July 7–9 to review the latest research and celebrate what they see as recent events that vindicate their opposition to what some claim is a “ scientific consensus . ”
The Heartland Institute – which The Economist magazine in 2012 called “ the world 's most prominent think tank promoting skepticism about human-made climate change ” – is joining scores of other think tanks and advocacy groups to host the 9th International Conference on Climate Change at the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas .
Heartland has organized and hosted eight International Conferences on Climate Change since 2008 . These events have attracted extensive international attention to the debate taking place in the scientific community over the causes and consequences of climate change .
Conference details are coming together as July approaches , but the media and the public can see updates and register now for the event at the conference Web site .
“ The scientists Heartland works with demanded we host a ninth conference this year to foster a much-needed frank , honest , and open discussion of the current state of climate science , ” said Heartland Institute President Joseph Bast , “ and we just could n't refuse . The public , the press , and the scientific community will all benefit from learning about the latest research and observational data that indicate climate science is anything but ‘ settled . ' ”
One co-sponsor of Heartland 's 9th International Conference on Climate Change is FreedomFest , which is holding its annual gathering in Las Vegas from July 9–12 at Planet Hollywood . Several speakers from Heartland 's conference at Mandalay Bay will join the FreedomFest line-up .
Heartland 's ninth climate conference coincides with the release of the fourth and fifth volumes of the Climate Change Reconsidered series by the Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change ( NIPCC ) . The third volume , Climate Change Reconsidered II : Physical Science , was released in September 2012 . The fourth volume , Climate Change Reconsidered II : Biological Impacts , and fifth volume , Climate Change Reconsidered II : Human Welfare , Energy and Policies , will be released digitally by The Heartland Institute in late March , and printed volumes will be available in May .
Previous Heartland climate conferences have featured 187 scientists , economists , and climate policy experts from around the world and attracted more than 4,000 participants . Nearly 300 videos of presentations can be found at the archive site for the conferences .
For more information about The Heartland Institute and the 9th International Conference on Climate Change , contact Director of Communications Jim Lakely at jlakely ( at ) heartland ( dot ) org or 312/377-4000 .
The Heartland Institute is a 30-year-old national nonprofit organization headquartered in Chicago , Illinois . Its mission is to discover , develop , and promote free-market solutions to social and economic problems .
The Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change ( NIPCC ) is an international panel of nongovernment scientists and scholars who have come together to present a comprehensive , authoritative , and realistic assessment of the science and economics of global warming .
FreedomFest is an annual festival where free minds meet to celebrate “ great books , great ideas , and great thinkers ” in an open-minded society . It is independent , non-partisan , and not affiliated with any organization or think tank .
When discussing who the Sixers might take with the third overall pick in the 2017 NBA Draft , the names in consideration have been limited to a select few . Assuming that Markelle Fultz and Lonzo Ball are selected with the first two picks , the conversation is centered around Jayson Tatum , Josh Jackson , Jonathan Isaac and ( to a lesser extent ) De'Aaron Fox . But there 's been no indication that the Sixers have honed in on any of those players , or are even interested in keeping the selection .
A trade down seems unlikely , but certainly not impossible given how the more natural fitting pieces of that class will most likely be off the board . If the Sixers were to consider moving back towards the bottom of the top 10 , French teenager Frank Ntilikina should certainly be an option .
With a quality sophomore season for French club SIG Strasbourg and a dominating run in the FIBA U18 European Championships , Ntilikina has solidified themselves as the top international prospect of this year 's class . The Sixers should be very familiar with their body of work . According to Bleacher Report 's Jonathan Wasserman , Philadelphia has been one of three teams to keep a particularly close eye on the 18-year-old sensation over the past month , so there 's certainly interest on some level .
What the Sixers scouts have likely found is that Ntilikina possesses a skill set complimentary to the team 's core of young players , but still has a ways to go to unlock the potential in their game .
Playing for Strasbourg has offered Ntilikina the chance to compete against mid-tier professional talent . France 's top division was ranked as the seventh best international league by ESPN 's Fran Fraschilla . Strasbourg also competed in the Basketball Champions League , the third tier in international basketball behind Euroleague and EuroCup . While the competition is n't the stiffest , Ntilikina knows the ins and outs of being a professional hooper at a relatively high level at such a . He 's the second youngest high-level prospect in this draft class behind UCLA 's Ike Anigbogu . That experience is certainly more valuable than a year in the SEC or PAC-12 .
Classified as a non-shooter by most draftniks coming into this season , Ntilikina has quickly turned one of the biggest weaknesses in their game into a strength . Through all competitions this year both domestic and international , he 's shooting 135-290 ( 46.5 percent ) from the field and 54-124 ( 43.5 percent ) from three-point range . Strasbourg is particularly guard heavy , forcing Ntilikina to play primarily off ball in a role that has actually harmonized with their offensive skill set . He 's become extremely adept as a spot-up shooter , displaying a soft and a relatively clean release .
Ntilikina displays the qualities of a competent off-ball shooter . For someone who has been bred as a point guard , Ntilikina is incredibly active without the ball in their hand and is always looking for holes in the defense to get themselves space for a clean look . They get their momentum going towards the rim , squares their shoulders and sets their feet quickly . Ntilikina 's release is a little elongated , hence why all three of those clips have featured some pretty hard closeouts as they progress through their shooting motion , but their release point is high enough that he 's relatively unaffected by the defensive pressure .
Ntilikina has an improving pull-up jumper as well , although the long release is much more notable in these situations . They typically utilize screens to help create the extra space to get their shot off .
With the ball in their hands , Ntilikina has proven to be a solid facilitator . He 's a strong passer out of the pick and roll who patiently observes what the defense is giving them before hitting their big man or cutters on the move . Overall , Ntilikina is really good at fitting passes through tight windows , and puts their teammates in positions to score by leading them to the ball .
Averaging just 18.6 minutes per game , Ntilikina got to show these qualities in small doses for Strasbourg . But as the crown jewel of the French U18 national team and the team 's lead guard , Ntilikina put their talent on full display against their teenage peers .
The three-point shooting from NBA range was the most notable part of their game .
Ntilikina 's best shooting display came at the most important time -- the championship game . Locked into a late game duel with Lithuania , Ntilikina unleashed a fury of three-point daggers , effectively putting the game out of reach .
They knocked down seven of 10 threes that game en route to a 31-point performance , and was subsequently named tournament MVP .
Frankly , Ntilikina 's performance in that game was a bit stunning . It 's not because he 's not talented enough to put on that kind of shooting display , but because he 's never been the type of player to take over the game . Their playing style could be categorized as passive , and some have questioned whether or not they have the killer instinct to elevate their game from role player to star . Performances like theirs against Lithuania would go a long way to dispel that .
As France 's floor general , Ntilikina showed off their passing skills on a larger scale . They continued to pick defenses apart in the pick-and-roll , effectively recognizing the help defense ( or a lack there of ) .
While the European Championships accentuated Ntilikina 's strengths , it also exposed their weaknesses as well .
Unlike some of the draft 's top guard prospects , Ntilikina lacks that quick first step off the dribble , making it really difficult for them to get past defenders . Even when less agile bigs are switched onto them in one-on-one situations , Ntilikina does n't have the burst to explode past them off the dribble . Without the help of a screen , Ntilikina is typically forced to kick it out to a teammate or settle for a jump shot .
In the last clip he 's able to connect on a three , but that 's not really the point . An NBA team will let them settle for a long three every single time . If you 're going to be successful at the highest level then you 've got to be able to take advantage of the big on guard switch , and Ntilikina struggles to attack less mobile European teenagers . Having that first step burst is more of a natural talent than a teachable skill , and if he 's struggling at the junior level , it 's hard to envision them having a high success rate attacking the rim at the NBA level .
When they do get in the paint , Ntilikina looks remarkably uncomfortable trying to score , likely due to the lack of consistency to which they get there . Their first , second and third instinct is to pass the ball instead of trying to score himself , and it results in missed opportunities and turnovers .
Ntilikina 's scoring arsenal is really limited around the rim . They rarely display a floater , does n't have great body control and lacks an ability to finish around defenders despite their long frame . Ntilikina also is n't comfortable scoring with their left in most situations , forcing them to bring the ball back across their body to try and score over defenders that are already locked onto theirs hip .
Sixers point forward Ben Simmons notably has that same issue in terms of finishing with just their right hand , but Simmons is a freak athlete with a ton of strength and an ability to create fouls on attacks to the basket . While Ntilikina is listed at 6-foot-5 and owns a reported 7-foot wingspan , they weigh a measly 170 pounds , making it tough for them to get any foul calls on drives to the rim . In fact , out of the elite group of guards in this draft class , Ntilikina has taken the least amount of free throw attempts by a large margin despite having played a more significant amount of games .
Getting to the line Player Games FTAs Player Games FTAs Fox 36 211 Smith Jr. 32 200 Fultz 25 168 Ball 36 98 Ntilikina 56 68
The weight part is certainly fixable . Ntilikina 's frame should allow them to put on some extra muscle , subsequently making it easier for them to better deal with contact from defenders . But if Ntilikina continues to struggle to get to the rim in general due to poor burst and a general lack of aggressiveness , that 's a problem in and of itself .
Ntilikina 's lack of strength and agility also causes them problems on the defensive end . He 's a savvy off ball defender who can recognize switches and uses their length to jump passing lanes , but has yet to figure out how to keep quicker ball handlers in front of them on straight line drives to the rim . This was evident about both the professional and international level .
Ntilikina 's on-ball defense should improve over time . Again , he 'll be an NBA draft pick before they even turn 19 . Ntilikina has shown glimpses of what it can look like when they put it all together , displaying great footwork and using their wingspan to frustrate Dzanan Musa , one of the top prospects in the class of 2018 .
Provided they bulk up as he 's supposed to , Ntilikina should be capable of defending at least both guard positions . He 's got a strong basketball IQ for someone their age , and should be able to adjust to defending NBA sets rather quickly .
Overall , Ntilikina 's game would make them a seamless fit in the Sixers system . He 's the exact type of player they would want next to Simmons -- a complimentary guard with creation skills of their own and a budding perimeter game to boot . It 's easy to envision Simmons routinely finding Ntilikina on drive and kicks , and using the Frenchman in various dribble handoff sets to get them an open three-point look , or so Ntilikina can find Simmons on the dive .
Any lineup that includes Ntilikina , Robert Covington , Simmons and Joel Embiid is a freak unit that will frustrate opponents with their length and ability to quickly turn defense into offense .
Ntilikina 's a solid prospect , but taking them at three is a bit of a reach . Based on their skill as well as their style of play , they project to be more of a sidekick on an NBA team than a lead guard . Players like Jackson , Tatum , Isaac and Fox certainly have superstar potential if they overcome the general weaknesses in their game , although their respective fits on this roster are more peculiar given their skill sets .
But if the Sixers decide to move down into the backend of the top 10 to add more assets , then Ntilikina should become one of their primary targets . The upside is n't as high , but Ntilikina and the Sixers would be a perfect match .
Image copyright PA Image caption Council tax bills have been frozen in Scotland since 2007
The SNP has challenged opposition parties to set out proposals for local taxation after criticism of Nicola Sturgeon 's reforms to council tax .
The first minister announced a proposal this week that the four highest council tax bands should pay more .
Scottish Labour dismissed the challenge from Local Government Minister Marco Biagi as `` laughable '' and the Scottish Conservatives said it was `` rich '' .
The Lib Dems said the SNP had put off reforming council tax for nine years .
Under the SNP 's plans , the average Band E household would pay around £2 more per week from April 2017 , with those in the highest band paying an extra £10 a week - an average of £517 a year .
The council tax freeze will also end at the same point , with local authorities able to increase the charge by a maximum of 3 % a year , potentially raising up to £70m for local services .
Sideline 'carping '
Ms Sturgeon confirmed there were no plans for a revaluation of the council tax , which remains based on 1991 property values .
Mr Biagi called on opposition party leaders to `` ditch the posturing '' and detail their plans in response to Ms Sturgeon 's announcement .
They said : `` Earlier this week , we set out plans to reform local taxation by making the council tax fairer , protecting low-income families and raising £100m for schools - but all the opposition parties have had to offer is tired rhetoric and a complete avoidance of any detail .
`` If any of the opposition parties want to start being taken even remotely seriously , they need to be clear with people in Scotland what their own plans are - and accept that simply carping from the sidelines is n't going to cut it . ''
The minister added the SNP 's reforms were `` fair and progressive '' .
Council Tax Plans A - D No change for these tax bands E - H Will pay £2 to £10 more per week £100m for education each year
54,000 people on low incomes in bands E to H will be exempt
3 % increase in local taxes available to councils from 2017
A spokesperson for Scottish Labour said : `` This is laughable from a minister who has broken the central promise their party was elected on : to scrap the council tax .
`` SNP Minister Marco Biagi should be embarrassed to promote this plan . The SNP promised to abolish council tax for a decade , but all they got rid of was the council tax freeze instead . We will outline our fairer plans in the coming weeks .
`` Labour have set out more details of our plans on tax than any other party , including plans to ask those earning more than £150,000 to pay more in tax so we can invest in schools . ''
Scottish Conservative MSP Alex Johnstone said : `` It 's rich of the SNP to make demands like these , when its own council tax plans were a straight lift from Scottish Conservative-commissioned recommendations barely a month ago .
`` And for a party which has n't even said what it will do with income tax when the power comes to Holyrood , perhaps it should sort out its own house before criticising other people 's . ''
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said : `` The SNP have had nine years to put this policy in place but they missed the opportunity to invest in education and instead cut £500m from local authorities ' budgets . Half of what councils do is education .
`` Scottish Liberal Democrats will set out our proposals for local taxation in the run-up to May . They will be fair , progressive and give local democracy back to communities . ''
The Scottish Greens responded to the SNP 's challenge by saying they would publish `` bold '' plans to replace the council tax in the coming weeks .
Local government spokesperson Andy Wightman said : `` The Scottish Greens have consistently argued that the local tax system must give councils the freedom to make their own choices on how they invest in public services , and the ability to raise the finance they need .
`` We have already put forward clear proposals on taxing derelict and vacant land , and will set out our full , bold and progressive vision for local tax reform in the coming weeks . ''
A third porn star has tested positive for the deadly HIV virus , leaving dozens in the adult film industry quarantined , RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting .
Female porn star Cameron Bay was the first to test positive last month , and their boyfriend and fellow porn star , Rod Daily , announced on Tuesday that they had also tested positive for HIV — but there 's a third infected porn star — a male performer who has done crossover work .
“ Drumroll please ! ! I 'm 32 years old and I 'm HIV positive . Acute HIV , which means I recently was infected . For that I am blessed , ” Daily tweeted .
“ I 'm blessed for the fact that I caught it so early that I can blast that sh * t with meds . ”
PHOTOS : Stars Who 've Done Both Porn & Mainstream Movies
The identity of the third infected porn star remains unknown right now , but an industry insider exclusively tells Radar , “ A dozen female performers have been quarantined as a result of exposure . ”
The insider also claims the unnamed actor worked for major studios and the positive HIV test was reported by a PASS-affiliated [ Performer Availability Screening Services ] doctor .
PASS is a United States organization that maintains a database of test results for porn actors , intended to help reduce and prevent the spread of sexually transmitted diseases , including HIV/AIDS .
A moratorium was initially enacted to stop shooting when news of a performer with HIV broke , but the Free Speech Coalition lifted it .
PHOTOS : Rainbows & Spandex At The 11th Annual AIDS Ride
“ It 's deplorable that the people running the FSC and the production companies would let performers still work in light of this crisis , ” a second industry expert tells Radar .
“ The owners and lobby groups are all self-serving , and have money to lose if the actors are forced to use condoms .
“ But the performers have more to lose…including their sexual health and lives . ”
When Radar reached out to the FSC , they responded , “ Very little known at the moment , but we expect to have more information shortly . ”
PHOTOS : Celebs Who Have Done Nude Scenes
Industry performers are outraged and understandably scared , as production continues to roll .
“ People are still shooting in Los Angeles county as well as Vegas and in Florida , ” the insider revealed .
GREEN BAY , Wis. -- Never has an opponent gotten such royal treatment at Lambeau Field as Arizona Cardinals wideout Nathan Poole received Sunday .
`` This is great . I 've never been treated like this anywhere , ''
Poole said Sunday night after taking in the Green Bay Packers '
33-27 overtime win against Seattle .
Poole was responsible for the Packers reaching the postseason in
the first place . They caught the winning touchdown pass as time ran
out in Arizona last week to defeat Minnesota 18-17 , giving the
Packers the NFC North title and eliminating the Vikings .
Poole and their wife Neville attended the game Sunday as guests
of mayor Jim Schmitt , who gave them a key to the city .
The Pooles took in the first half from their 50-yard line seats
about 35 rows up but with the wind chill index in single digits ,
they accepted an offer to watch the rest of the game from a luxury
suite .
Poole wore their Cardinals cap and fans recognized them right away
as they walked through the parking lot on the way to the stadium .
`` They all offered me cheese , '' Poole said . `` It was great . When
I walked in , they were saying , 'That 's the guy who caught the TD ! '
And when we sat down , one guy said , 'Nathan , thank you ! ' And the
stadium just went crazy , cheering . ''
When they left the stadium , fans were chanting , `` Poole ! Poole !
Poole . ''
As snow fell and fans whooped and hollered , Poole took a moment
to look around the emptying stadium one last time to soak in the
ramifications of their big catch .
`` I gave the Packers a second chance , '' Poole said . `` And they
made the most of it . ''
Suspended Utah cornerback Dominique Hatfield was reinstated by coach Kyle Whittingham on Monday , immediately bolstering a secondary that struggled at times in the season opener against Michigan .
Hatfield was charged with felony aggravated robbery and misdemeanor theft in July , but the charges were dropped . They also are cleared by the university of an unrelated misdemeanor assault charge and had been readmitted to school , though that charge remains pending with Salt Lake City police .
Whittingham , who had previously said that they were waiting on the legal process to completely play out , told reporters Monday that Hatfield had `` enough punishment . ''
However , the coach would n't say whether Hatfield would be available to play Friday against Utah State . They added that Hatfield wo n't be made available to the media .
Hatfield , a 5-foot-10 , 175-pound junior from Los Angeles , switched from receiver to corner last year and started 10 games , recording 38 tackles with an interception and nine pass breakups .
Utah gave up 279 yards passing in the Utes ' 24-17 victory against Michigan .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
IT 'S official - bawbag is a real word .
But while calling someone one in England could provoke a kick to the proverbials - in Scotland it 's a term of endearment according to the Macmillan dictionary .
The slang for scrotum was used north of the border for decades before becoming a world wide twitter phenomenon when a devastating 2011 storm was dubbed “ Hurricane Bawbag ” .
And an official entry in the tome now includes the meaning : “ a Scots word meaning scrotum , in Scots vernacular a term of endearment but in English could be taken as an insult . ”
Bawbag has been included after a suggestion from an online dictionary user .
A spokesperson said : “ The word has been included in the crowd sourced section of the dictionary .
“ It is n't in the more official English version , but we have a facility for people to suggest words which are then investigated by us .
“ If we can see that they are clearly vernacular words that are used then we will include them .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ This word was suggested to us by an online user called “ tooz ” on July 10 , 2016 .
“ The section of the dictionary can be useful for people learning English at an advanced level who want to be aware of widely used words .
The term bawbag is thought to have been used as a slang term in Scotland for decades , before being popularised in the comedy Still Game .
But it was n't until Hurricane Bawbag struck in December 2011 that the word went global .
The storm was the worst in a decade with devastating gales of up to 165 mph sweeping the country .
And as trees were uprooted and roads , bridges , schools and businesses closed , the storm was dubbed Hurricane Bawbag on Twitter .
Within minutes the name sparked a trending topic on Twitter , which went on to became one of the top trending hashtags worldwide .
Rob Gibson , the former Convener of the Scottish Parliamentary Environment Committee , then became the first politician to use the term on national television .
Bawbag is also the name of a brand of underwear that sponsors charities fighting testicular cancer .
The father of a slain B.C . Lower Mainland gang member has been charged with threatening to kill children at a kindergarten or elementary school , CBC News has learned .
According to information sworn to obtain a search warrant for the home of Michael Denis LeClair , the 59-year-old allegedly expressed `` a desire to use violence to take the law into their own hands and seek revenge for the death of their son . ''
Kevin LeClair was shot at a Langley shopping centre on Feb. 6 , 2009 . They were a member of the Red Scorpion gang , a criminal organization in the Fraser Valley allegedly headed by brothers Jarrod and Jamie Bacon .
Two men were charged in January 2011 with Kevin LeClair 's murder , but fled prior to arrest and remain at large .
Red Scorpion gang member Kevin LeClair died in hospital two days after they were shot . ( RCMP )
Michael LeClair is a retired RCMP officer . They were arrested last month and charged with uttering a threat to three leaders of a victim support group `` to cause death or bodily harm to children in kindergarten and elementary school . ''
They have also been charged with seven counts under the Firearms Act in connection with the alleged possession of a shotgun and a Winchester 30-30 rifle .
The allegations contained in the search warrant are a police theory of the case and none has been proven in court .
There is an astounding level of confusion surrounding the current US deficit . There are three irrefutable facts about the deficits :
First , the United States has large deficits because the collapse of the housing bubble sank the economy .
Second , if we had smaller deficits the main result would be slower growth and higher unemployment .
Third , large projected long-term deficits are the result of a broken health care system , not reckless government `` entitlement '' programs .
The first point can be easily shown by examining the Congressional Budget Office 's projections from January 2008 ( pdf ) , before it recognized the impact of the collapse of the housing bubble on the economy . The deficit in 2007 was just 1.2 percent of GDP . The deficit was projected to stay near 1.5 percent of GDP until well into the current decade , even if the Bush tax cuts did not expire .
With deficits of this magnitude , the debt-to-GDP ratio was actually shrinking . In fact , the deficit exploded .
It was n't because of a surge in reckless spending and/or a splurge of tax cuts , it exploded because tax collections plummeted when the economy went into a downturn . In addition , we increased spending on programs like unemployment insurance . We also had temporary stimulus measures that were explicitly intended to raise the deficit in order to boost the economy .
All of these changes were temporary . If the economy returned to its pre-recession level of unemployment tomorrow , deficits would again be quite manageable , even with no further budget cuts or tax increases .
This feeds directly into the second point : deficits are supporting the economy at present . Any steps that we take to reduce the deficit , either by cutting spending or raising taxes , would pull money out of the economy . This means slower growth and higher unemployment .
There is no plausible story that private sector demand will expand to fill the gap . In more normal times , lower deficits might mean lower interest rates , which could lead to more investment and consumption . However with interest rates already at extraordinarily low levels it is not plausible that deficit reduction would have a noticeable impact .
This means that deficit reduction is throwing people out of work . This will ruin the lives of millions of workers . It can also be a disaster for their families . One of the surest ways of hurting the life prospects for today 's children is to put their parents out of work .
Finally , the long-term deficit horror stories that fill Washington parlor discussions are entirely the result of a health care system that now costs more than twice as much per person as the average for other wealthy countries . The ratio is projected to rise to three and four to one in the decades ahead .
Serious people talk about fixing the health care system , a process that may have already begun with Obamacare . Health care costs have increased far less than projected for the last five years . If this slower growth path continues , we will have no long-term deficit problem .
In short , we need deficits today to fill a huge hole in demand created by the private sector . We can best see this as an opportunity to finance public investments in the future . With a negative real long-term interest rate on federal debt , this is a great time to borrow for those with any business sense . By contrast , austerity is a great recipe for pain today and even more pain tomorrow .
Torch Today
JAN. 13 IN HISTORY : Original ECW 's final show 13 years ago - Sandman vs . Credible , plus Flashback to the finale while Heyman claimed to be negotiating TV deal
Jan 13 , 2014 - 9:22:41 AM
PLEASE TAKE A MOMENT TO BOOKMARK US & VISIT US DAILY
This Day In Wrestling History - January 13
Date : January 13 , 2001 ( 13 years ago )
Feature : The original ECW promotion ran its final show in Pine Bluff , Arkansas . A PPV was scheduled for March , but it did not happen after Paul Heyman filed for bankruptcy and WWF/E bought the ECW assets . In Pine Bluff , the final match of the original ECW was The Sandman vs. Justin Credible ...
Torch Back-Issue : PWTorch Newsletter # 637 .
Not a VIP member ? Find out how to access over 1,000 PWTorch Newsletter back-issues right now by CLICKING HERE - PWTorch.com/GoVIP .
Torch ECW Newswire Report
ECW Live Event Results
January 13 , 2001
Pine Bluff , Ark .
- SHOW RESULTS : Nova beat Prodigy , Super Crazy beat Tajiri , Danny Doring & Tommy Dreamer beat Little Guido & Tony Mamaluke , Jack Victory beat C.W . Anderson ( w/Lou E. Dangerously ) , Rhino beat Spike Dudley to retain the ECW Title , Justin Credible ( w/Francine ) beat Sandman , and Sandman beat Justin Credible ( w/Francine ) in a rematch . After the show , most of the crew gathered in the ring . Many drank beers as the wrestlers saluted the crowd and hugged one another . [ Paul Marsh ]
- NEWSWIRE REPORT : A post-show in-ring celebration last Saturday night by the wrestlers led to rumors that ECW has run its last show . At the end of the Jan. 13 house show in Pine Bluff , Ark. , most of the wrestlers returned to the ring for what some believed was their `` farewell . '' In an emotional scene , the wrestlers thanked the fans , hugged one another , and shared a few beers in the ring . With no further live events scheduled between now and the March 13 Living Dangerously PPV , many of the wrestlers felt it may have been their last chance to `` say goodbye , '' as one wrestler put it .
Some wrestlers downplayed the in-ring activity . Those wrestlers say Heyman would have been at the show if they knew it was going to be the company 's finale . They also claim that it is n't out of the ordinary for the wrestlers to gather in the ring to thank the crowd in new markets such as Pine Bluff . However , others say there was more to the story than that . `` That 's bullsh -- , '' said one wrestler of those classifying the in-ring scene as typical . `` We 've done it in other towns , but this was different . It was definitely a send-off just in case that 's what it was . At the same time , the whole thing has been overplayed . It was n't that big of a deal . ''
TORCH correspondent , Paul Marsh , who attended the event , reported the following : `` As far as this being the last ECW show , I would n't argue that was the feeling it had . I had front row seats and I would almost swear that Sandman was crying when they were hugging all of the boys in the ring . It definitely had the 'goodbye ' feel to it all . ''
Wrestlers say Sandman organized the in-ring farewell . During the show , Sandman openly expressed their fears that the show would turn out to be the company 's last . Others say they were `` 95 percent responsible '' for organizing the post-show farewell . Even Tommy Dreamer , who served as the road agent , admitted to the wrestlers that even they are n't sure if it was the final show . Dreamer took part in the post-show activity , going so far as to carry a trash can filled with beer bottles to the ring to share with the wrestlers . Others took Dreamer 's involvement as a bad sign . They say they are usually the person the wrestlers count on to ease their concerns regarding the company 's future .
As expected , the locker room atmosphere was terrible at the weekend events . `` Very gloomy '' was the way one wrestler described the backstage scene . `` Everybody is really down . There were a few optimists , but most of the guys are concerned with not only ECW , but their future in wrestling . '' On a positive note , there have n't been any reports of tension building among the wrestlers . If anything , the stress from the uncertainty seems to have brought the locker room closer together . At the same time , the crew is losing patience with Paul Heyman . `` No one believes in Heyman enough to trust anything he 's saying right now , '' one wrestler said .
Heyman responded to the previous quote with some choice words of their own . `` Then have the f -- -in ' balls to quit , '' they said . `` Bitch , bitch , bitch . The offer was made , the door was wide open , everyone was given the chance . Yet someone who ca n't remember to identify themselves to the media seems to remember to get their weekly comments , non-attributable of course , into the TORCH every week . If you 're that miserable , and I do n't blame anyone for being miserable ... Hell , I 'm miserable ... But if you are that miserable and I gave you the option to leave six weeks ago , why are you still here ? ''
Friends say Heyman was n't upset with Dreamer or the wrestlers who took part in the `` farewell . '' At the same time , they told some that they have no plans to shut down the company . Heyman also assured a handful of wrestlers that they would take care of them no matter what happened to ECW , even assuring them that they would find them work in the WWF or WCW . They are maintaining that they may not schedule any shows before the pay-per-view , but is not ruling out the possibility should they strike any type of deal that would turn around the company 's misfortunes .
Heyman told friends they were in Los Angeles , Calif. at the beginning of the week negotiating several potential deals . There are internet reports that say Fox Sports has officially denied having interest in wrestling , but few people are taking the statement seriously . It 's common knowledge that Fox has shown interest in wrestling as recently as last year . Fox has gone so far as to negotiate with Heyman and Eric Bischoff regarding separate projects . Friends say Heyman believes that the heavily rumored-to-occur Hollywood strike will lead to a shortage of first-run programming , creating a greater opportunity for ECW to secure a spot on cable .
CLICK HERE FOR EVEN MORE PW.NET HEADLINES
`` Grape or grain , but never the twain . '' So runs the old folk wisdom that advises against drinking wine or beer on the same night . It is far from uncommon to hear people who have woken up feeling sick , dehydrated and with a splitting headache blaming their hangovers on having unwisely mixed their drinks .
Then there are the theories about the order in which to consume different tipples . One version suggests : “ Wine before beer and you 'll feel queer . Beer before wine and you 'll feel fine. ” Or is it the other way round ? After a couple of drinks it 's not always easy to remember . All of which begs the question of how reliable these sayings are . Is there any evidence beyond the anecdotal that drinking wine followed by beer or vice versa makes hangovers worse ?
A review of previous research published in 2000 confirms that the causes of the main symptoms of hangovers are dehydration , changes in the levels of hormones such as aldosterone and cortisol , and the toxic effects of alcohol itself . In addition there 's evidence that the immune system is disrupted and that this could be the cause of the headache , the nausea and the fatigue .
The first of the two main ingredients of a drink that affect the severity of a hangover is obvious . The higher the alcohol content , and the faster you drink it , the worse the hangover . This is however just an average . The same quantity of alcohol does not always result in the same severity of hangover . Many report that they do n't get hangovers and no one quite knows why . In a study of young Danes on holiday , almost a third of those who consumed at least 12 units of alcohol ( roughly equivalent to four pints of lager or four 250ml glasses of wine ) avoided hangovers .
Mixing drinks need n't necessarily increase the overall amount of alcohol consumed , but it may do with cocktails . If combining three or four measures of spirits alongside other ingredients , a throbbing head and dry throat is probably just the result of consuming more alcohol in total .
Beyond the ethanol that triggers intoxication , the other key ingredients that affect hangovers are what the beverage industry calls congeners . These are the other substances produced during fermentation , such as acetone , acetaldehyde , fusel oil and the best-known , tannins , which give darker drinks their colour and part of their flavour . Bourbon whisky , for example , contains 37 times the quantity of congeners as vodka .
To find out the effect of these substances on hangover severity , researchers in the US recruited university students who were regular drinkers , without alcohol problems . On different nights they were given either bourbon and cola , vodka and cola or a placebo which consisted of cola mixed with tonic , with a few drops of either bourbon or vodka to make it taste similar to the real stuff . They drank anything between three and six drinks , however much was enough to give them a concentration of 0.11g of alcohol per 100ml of breath . This would put them two to five times over the drink drive limit , depending on which country they were in . They then spent the night in the clinic and were woken at 7am for breakfast before taking part in a battery of tests . For this they were paid a rather generous $ 450 . The researchers found the students who drank bourbon rated their hangovers as worse , but interestingly they performed just as well on tasks such as reaction time tests .
Clear drinks such as white rum , vodka and gin tend to cause fewer and less severe hangovers because they contain relatively low levels of congeners . Perhaps those who mix their drinks are more likely to choose a dark-coloured drink containing higher levels of these substances simply by virtue of their wider drinking range , but again it is n't the mixing in itself that causes the problem .
No scientist seems to have done the perfect counter-balanced study where people are randomly assigned to drink beer followed by wine or wine followed by beer . But perhaps it 's not the grape or the grain that matters , but the effect that the strength of those drinks has on judgement . Beer is only between a third and half the strength of wine , so starting on it leads to less intoxication if followed by the stronger stuff . But if a person starts on wine or spirits , then their judgement may be impaired enough to drink more heavily later . There 's certainly evidence that people are not good at judging their own drunkenness . At low levels people overestimate the amount of alcohol in our blood , but after a few drinks they start to underestimate it .
So , the existing evidence suggests that hangovers ca n't be blamed on mixing drinks . It 's probably down to the high congener count of the booze , or over-drinking . As for hangover cures , scientists have looked into those too , and the British Medical Journal published a review of trials of everything from borage to artichoke and glucose to prickly pears in 2005 . The bad news for drinkers is that none of them work .
Do you agree ? If you would like to comment on this , or anything else you have seen on Future , head over to our Facebook or Google+ page , or message us on Twitter .
Frustrated with life in the big city ? Looking to escape to a simpler place where your dreams can stretch out as far as the horizon ? If you 've got deep pockets , this could be your lucky break .
The entire southern Oregon town of Tiller is up for sale , and could be yours for a cool $ 3.85 million . That 's right : You could own an entire town !
The ability to purchase an entire town is a great opportunity for a developer with vision , according to Garrett Zoller , the listing agent for the property from Medford-based Land and Wildlife realty .
`` The most important thing is the arrangement of the properties as a whole , with 28 different tax lots , a school -- it makes it very marketable , '' Zoller said Thursday . `` It 's an opportunity to do the development , and do it with a lot more elasticity and less bureaucracy . ''
Zoller said that it 's rare for 250 acres of land and property to become available that could be developed from scratch .
The entire Southern Oregon town of Tiller is up for sale 38 Galleries : The entire Southern Oregon town of Tiller is up for sale
Tiller is an unincorporated town in Douglas County that 's nestled on the banks of the South Umpqua River , about 30 miles east of Canyonville and Interstate 5 along Oregon Route 227 . The town sits at an elevation of 1,020 feet , and is surrounded by the Umpqua National Forest and Bureau of Land Management lands . It 's about an hour from Crater Lake , and 24 miles from Seven Feathers casino .
This is an area that 's primed for outdoor recreation , including camping , horseback riding , mountain biking , hunting , and enough fly fishing to make you feel like an extra in a scene from `` A River Runs Through It . '' The town gets an average for 40 inches of rain each year , and about 3 inches of snow . The July high temperature is about 84 degrees , and the low for January is 33 .
Not the outdoorsy sort ? Tiller also has potential as a future location for a hotel , resort or restaurant .
The official listing for Tiller notes some of the key features of the town that would be included in the sale :
28 tax lots , making up more than 250 acres .
Multiple domestic and agricultural community water rights .
Nearly a mile of waterfront along the South Umpqua River and Elk Creek , including launch access for boats .
Approximately 2 million board feet of merchantable timber .
Tiller Store , a general store that 's not currently operating , but includes a deli , a commercial kitchen , a gas pump , and an apartment .
There 's plenty of history wrapped up in the sale . Tiller was named for Aaron Tiller , who was a pioneer in the area . Tiller 's post office was established in 1902 . The timber industry once dominated this part of Oregon , but when it collapsed in the early 1990s , much of Tiller 's population moved away .
So what 's life in Tiller like ? It sounds sleepy , for now . Zoller said the town had very few actual residents , but there are about 250 people nearby . There 's a community church located there , and on Sundays it might attract a congregation of about 50 people .
Tiller 's elementary school has been closed for several years , and is a separate sale from the purchase of the town .
Zoller said there 's been quite a bit of interest in the Tiller sale , including investors from China , as well as people looking at the possibility of developing a senior care facility , and buyers who are interested in using the land for hemp production .
-- Grant Butler
503-221-8566 ; @ grantbutler
Ari Evans , the founder and CEO of e-sports broadcasting firm Maestro , made some interesting comments in a lengthy piece by GamesIndustry.biz . They stated that the reason so many live-streamers and e-sports players are wrapped up in the current electronic gaming gambling business is because there is n't a lot of revenue being generated organically from the e-sports sector .
Evans explains…
“ Despite how big [ eSports ] seems , it 's also tiny in terms of revenue – very small , ” [ … ] “ A lot of companies and startups in this space are kinda having trouble figuring out how to monetise it . Most eSports leagues run at a loss . “ They 're not a profit centre . They 're a loss leader as a marketing tactic , to push the other main revenue streams of these titles – primarily in-game transactions . ”
What Evans is saying is true . Sponsorships and advertisements is n't how e-sports is sustained ( or maintained ) . Purses are usually generated through DLC sales throughout the season . That 's how NetherRealm manages the winnings for major ESL and EVO tournaments featuring Mortal Kombat X. Capcom recently started doing the same thing for Street Fighter V… selling DLC and using the earnings to bolster the pot for the winner .
According to Evans , some teams partner up with the unregulated , unsanctioned and unlicensed gambling rings for games like Counter-Strike : Global Offensive , because it helps balance out what is n't paid through competition…
“ I think a lot of eSports teams own skin gambling sites and therefore funnel that money to pay their players , increasing average salary across the industry . Unless you can match that with your own revenue , or maybe VC money , then your team is done . “ That source of revenue is going to be cut off , and therefore we 'll see team salaries go lower… Maybe players will create a union , and organise around that . ”
Evans mentioning that the “ revenue is going to be cut off ” relates to Valve 's recent crackdown on the gambling circuit for Counter-Strike : Global Offensive . They recently issued cease and desist letters to various gambling rings selling and trading and betting skins that use the OpenID API that Valve provides for easily integrating Steam user IDs into a website or service .
After the FTC was made aware of the gambling dens following an expose by Honor the Call and H3H3 Productions on a lack of disclosure by major Twitch streamers and YouTubers Trevor “ TmarTn ” Martin and Tom “ ProSyndicate ” Cassell , the entire Counter-Strike : Global Offensive gambling ring has crumbled .
However , this does tie back into what Evans was saying in regards to finding new revenue streams . While e-sports is trying to find its way into broadcast television with channels like ESPN 2 picking up key MOBA events and just recently EVO 2016 , it 's possible that advertising revenue could become a viable option for supporting the e-sports market .
However , we still do n't know if ESPN will commit to e-sports or if some of their toe-dipping is simply one-off events to test the waters . We also do n't know if larger corporate entities will invest any further into e-sports other than the occasional team or player sponsorship here or there . In the meantime , with the gambling sites being shutdown , it will be quite telling what some e-sports competitors turn to in order to balance the income .
Enhance and Share your Photos ! SoMee is a photo enhancement and sharing application . Share your photos to facebook , Twitter or tumblr and get updates from your friends in realtime ! SoMee has 30 quality effects , 30+ light leaks and 20+ different frame styles that can be combined to create astonishing photos . Creating and sharing great photos has never been easier ! Latest features : * live tile support * improved picture cropping * picture rotation and flipping * higher quality image output Features : * 30 filters ( more to come , just let us know if there is something filter you would like to see ) * 30+ light leaks * Blazingly fast filters and effect * Share to Facebook , Twitter and Tumblr * Upload to multiple services with one click * High quality photo output * Notification when someone likes or comments on your photo in Facebook * Notification when someone reblogs or likes your photo on Tumblr * Notification when someone retweets your photo on Twitter * Combine multiple effects and light leaks to produce truly unique photos * Realtime adjustment on every filter and light leak * direct access from either the picture hub or picture viewer * support - we try to answer all questions within 24 hours * uservoice support , we love to hear from you * post comments to facebook * delete picture ( tap and hold ) * show description in details view
As both the New York Times and Vox reported last month , hundreds of renewals were rejected because they arrived past the government 's October 5 deadline , despite some being mailed weeks in advance . Even though the U.S . Postal Service took responsibility for some of the delays ( other applications were rejected because they were delivered to the USCIS mailbox on time but were not picked up by a courier service until after the deadline ) , only after public pressure did the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) finally agree to give the rejected applications a second chance . But , a catch was some of this would be done on a “ do n't call us , we 'll call you ” basis . Lind :
Both groups will need to resubmit applications , which had been sent back to them with notices that the application had been rejected for being “ untimely. ” ( USCIS does not keep the application fees for late applications , so immigrants who reapply wo n't be getting charged twice . ) The difference between the two groups is whether the government is reaching out to immigrants to reapply , or whether immigrants will have to reach out to the government . The Trump administration is taking a more generous attitude toward immigrants whose DACA renewal applications were sitting in US Citizenship and Immigration Services mailboxes as of October 5 , but were marked late because they were n't picked up by a courier service until October 6 . As Vox first reported Wednesday morning , this happened in at least two of the three USCIS mailboxes , and could have affected hundreds of applications . “ USCIS will proactively reach out to those DACA requestors , ” the administration 's new guidance says , “ to inform them that they may resubmit their DACA request. ” It 's not clear exactly how that notification is going to happen , or how much time USCIS will give immigrants to resubmit their applications .
Waiting is what Enriquez—and many other DACA recipients whose renewals were rejected due to delays—were doing . Enriquez had mailed their renewal on September 18 with the help of Church World Service , but it did n't arrive to USCIS until October 10 , five days after the deadline , and was rejected . “ We told him , ‘ We 're so sorry this happened ; you did everything right ; it was just a fluke , a debacle , out of your control , ' ” said Church World Service 's Carrie Carranza . Even though their DACA status and driver 's license were now expired , Enriquez still had to work in order to support their family . It was then that they were pulled over :
Enriquez might be the first known case of an immigrant getting detained by ICE after their DACA expired under the administration 's new rules . He 's almost certainly the first known case of an immigrant getting detained while waiting to reapply for DACA renewal . Their presence there is perhaps the most vivid reminder yet that as Congress drags out what to do about DACA recipients , it will probably be too late for some .
Earlier this month , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnnell passed tax scam legislation in the dead of night but also dared to call addressing legislation like the bipartisan DREAM Act “ a non-emergency. ” They should tell that to Enriquez and the over 11,000 DACA recipients who have lost their protections since Donald Trump announced the end of the program this past fall . And every day McConnell and Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan do n't allow a vote on the DREAM Act , another 122 DACA recipients fall out of status and become vulnerable to deportation , just like Enriquez .
As immigrant rights groups America 's Voice said in a press release on Enriquez 's arrest and detainment , “ the details of this profoundly disturbing story underscore why Dreamer relief is needed urgently and why a vote for an end-of-the-year spending bill that does not include Dreamer relief is a vote to deport Dreamers such as Osman. ” America 's Voice executive director Frank Sharry :
Members of the Pennsylvania delegation who say they support Dreamers – like Representatives Ryan Costello , Charlie Dent , Brian Fitzpatrick , Pat Meehan , and Glenn Thompson – should work to ensure that Osman is returned to their family immediately . They should also take this example directly to Speaker Paul Ryan and demand inclusion of Dreamer relief in the year-end spending package . For months , Republican leaders have been trying to kick the can down the road when it comes to taking up the Dream Act . Speaker Ryan has been more worried about trying to contain the Freedom Caucus than about conducting the business of the People , or even protecting their own Republican moderates .
“ This month , Congress has a clear opportunity to pass popular legislation on a bipartisan basis—and allow Dreamers like Osman to continue to build their lives in America , ” Sharry continued . “ Pennsylvania 's House Republicans can and must do more to ensure that their leaders pick the right path forward. ” Every day that Republicans delay is a political game that costs real lives . Enough is enough . Call Speaker Ryan and Senator McConnell and tell them that immigrant youth like Enriquez ca n't wait—now is the time for the DREAM Act .
The push to take down the Federal Communications Commission 's broadband privacy rules ramped up Thursday as 21 free-market groups called on congressional leaders Thursday to “ rescind ” the regulations using the Congressional Review Act .
Their request comes as lawmakers are considering a range of Obama administration rules that they think can be rescinded using the 1996 law . The privacy rules are not on the list .
“ Congress is fully justified in rescinding these rules both because the Order lacks proper legal grounding and because of the need to ensure real consumer privacy across contexts of user experience , ” the groups wrote in a Thursday letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-Wis. ) , House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi ( Calif. ) , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) and Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer ( N.Y. ) .
TechFreedom , Digital Liberty , Americans For Tax Reform and FreedomWorks were among the organizations that signed the letter .
The privacy rules , passed by the FCC on Oct. 27 , require internet service providers to receive explicit consent from customers before they use “ sensitive ” data , including a user 's web browsing or app usage history for marketing purposes .
Republicans at the FCC , GOP lawmakers and leaders in the broadband industry have criticized the rules because they break with the Federal Trade Commission 's framework for regulating privacy at internet companies such as Facebook Inc. and Amazon.com Inc .
The FTC 's approach does a “ better job ” of balancing consumer privacy and companies ' ability to use data to make money , and therefore improve their services , the groups said .
Rep. Frank Pallone ( D-N.J. ) House Energy and Commerce Committee , condemned the letter in a Thursday statement , saying “ consumers should not have to worry about their financial , medical and other personal information being shared without their permission. ” Pallone said they would fight the effort .
The CRA is only one option for rolling back the privacy rules . They hinge on the FCC 's reclassification of internet service providers as common carriers through its 2015 net neutrality rules . The FCC was able to implement the privacy rules . Now , the entire net neutrality could be rescinded under Republican Chairman Ajit Pai .
There is also a possibility that broadband companies will appeal to the Supreme Court to reverse a federal court 's decision last June to uphold the rules .
In Thursday 's letter , the free-market groups argued that the legality of the FCC 's net neutrality rules is “ questionable . ”
Several petitions from industry group such as USTelecom and the Internet and Television Association filed petitions with the FCC in early January urging the agency to roll back its privacy rules .
Craigslist sperm donor 's anger as they are forced to pay $ 6,000 child support to lesbian couple they fathered child for - despite having NO parental rights
Angela Bauer , 40 , and partner Jennifer Schreiner , 34 , placed ad in 2009
Donor William Marotta relinquished financial responsibility for child
Kansas state ordered Mr Marotta to pay after lesbian couple applied
for welfare
A sperm donor said today that they would not have donated to a lesbian couple had they known the huge financial responsibility that has now fallen to him .
William Marotta fathered a child with Angela Bauer , 40 , and partner Jennifer Schreiner , 34 , who found them via Craigslist three years ago .
The three signed a legal document which stated Mr Marotta , a married mechanic who fosters children with their wife , would have no rights to the child .
However now the state of Kansas is demanding Mr Marotta pay $ 6,000 in child support after the lesbian couple were forced onto welfare when Ms Bauer lost their job .
Second thoughts : William Marotta , who acted as a sperm donor for a lesbian couple in 2009 and gave up parental rights , is being chased by Kansas State for $ 6,000 in child support
Backing : Angela Bauer said today that Mr Marotta had their complete support in fighting the state department and that they and their former partner Jennifer Schreiner were eternally grateful to them for giving them a daughter
Mr Marotta wanted to help the couple and along with their wife Kimberly turned down their payment of $ 50 to donate their sperm for free .
They told the Today show : 'If you are two women , it 's difficult without a man there , so I donated . '
They added : 'No good deed goes unpunished . '
Mr Marotta said that they would likely never have donated their sperm if they had known the financial burden . Their wife Kimberly added : 'This is not at all what we signed up for . '
Marotta is asking that the case be dismissed , arguing that they are not the child 's legal father . A hearing is set for January 8 .
The mechanic applied to the ad in 2009 after Bauer wrote : 'We are foster and adoptive parents and now we desire to share a pregnancy and birth together . '
Mr Marotta provided sperm which was used for artificial insemination by their partner , Ms Schreiner . In return , they gave up parental rights including financial duties for the child .
Ms Bauer also spoke to the Today show on Thursday about their gratitude to Mr Marotta and how they supported them in their fight against Kansas state .
They said : 'We never intended for them [ Marotta ] to support them That 's our responsibility we have as their parents . I have the joy of raising them and loving them and it 's only because of William . '
United : Ms Bauer and Ms Schreiner celebrating their same-sex union . The couple adopted eight children together during their relationship but have not been given the same rights as straight couples
Battle : Angela Bauer and former partner Jennifer Schreiner ( right ) are supporting their sperm donor William Marotta in their fight against paying child support for their daughter
Kansas Department for Children and Families spokesperson Angela de Rocha said on Wednesday that when a single mother seeks benefits for a child , the department routinely tries to determine the child 's paternity and require the father to make support payments to lessen the potential cost to taxpayers .
They argued that the law regarding artificial insemination is an incentive for donors and prospective mothers to work with a doctor .
' I believe that is the intent of the law , so that we do n't end up with these ambiguous situations , ' they said .
Bauer and Schreiner updated Marotta on their daughter 's well-being occasionally but they have had little contact , according to the Kansas City Star .
The arrangement changed earlier this year when Ms Schreiner , the only parent registered on their daughter 's birth certificate , applied for social welfare .
Ms Bauer had been supporting the child but was left unable to work due to ill health .
On October 3 , 2012 , attorney Mark McMillan filed a petition on behalf of the Department of Children and Families seeking a ruling that Marotta is the father of Schreiner 's child and owes a duty to support them
It said the department provided cash assistance totaling $ 189 for the girl for July through September 2012 , and had paid medical expenses totaling nearly $ 6,000 .
Schreiner had allegedly been put under pressure to reveal Mr Marotta 's name so that their daughter could continue to have health care .
The legal agreement that the three made in 2009 was deemed invalid by Kansas state because they did not use a certified doctor for the insemination .
THE DOT.COM WAY TO MAKE A BABY : RISE OF ONLINE SPERM DONORS
It may appear unconventional but searching for sperm donors on Craigslist is not unheard of . In 2010 , the popular cafemom blog lit up in outrage after a man from Beaverton , Oregon advertised their sperm donor services on Craigslist . They wrote : ' I 'm ready to help . We 'd be very discreet , no one needs to know . '
Another ad for a potential donor in San Diego read : ' I 'm not offering thrilling risky sex , just pregnancy . ' Craigslist requires that users agree to guidelines when posting ads for services .
However the site 'does not control , is not responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to any user content ... You must conduct any necessary , appropriate , prudent or judicious investigation , inquiry , research and due diligence with respect to any user content ' . Among the long list of banned items on Craigslist are illegal goods ; offensive material including porn and anything deemed malicious or fraudulent . There is no mention of sperm donors .
Ms Bauer and Ms Schreiner , who separated in 2010 , plan to help Mr Marotta fight the state 's decision .
Hannah Schroller , Mr Marotta 's attorney , argued that the case was consistent with a 2007 case in which the Kansas Supreme Court denied parental rights to a man who sought them after providing a sperm donation under similar circumstances .
A licensed physician performed the insemination in the 2007 case .
Schroller wrote that Marotta took the same actions as the man in the 2007 case did , and they - like that man - should be considered a sperm donor , not a father .
They stressed that sperm banks regularly ship donations for the intended purpose of artificial insemination within the United States and abroad to both residential and medical facility addresses .
Schroller argued in court documents that if a donor is free of parental responsibility only when a doctor performs an insemination , 'then any woman in Kansas could have sperm donations shipped to their house , inseminate themselves without a licensed physician and seek out the donor for financial support because their actions made them a father , not a sperm donor .
'This goes against the very purpose of the statute to protect sperm donors as well as birth mothers ' .
Ms Bauer and Ms Schreiner had been together for eight years and adopted eight children . They ended their relationship in 2010 but continue to co-parent their sons and daughters who range from three months to 25 years old .
The state of Kansas does not recognize same-sex unions , so each of their children was registered for adoption by a single parent .
A motion to dismiss the state 's case will be heard in Shawnee County District Court on January 8 .
Energy Bar Shows Your Battery Level with Style
The world will probably be a better place if battery indicators on Android devices were a little bit more interesting . Sure , they 're only supposed to do as their name suggests , but it would n't hurt if a little bit of creativity was put into them . One way to compensate for this is flashing a battery indicator mod , which simply changes the animation of the icon . This can definitely change up the look of your device 's UI , but it 's not a very radical change which some folks may be after .
With this said , Android users who are looking for a more unique way of telling the battery level may be interested in Energy Bar , an app developed by XDA Recognized Developer jagan2 . And before you ask : No , this is n't an app you can eat during a workout , but rather a subtle colored bar above your status bar that measures your battery level . As your battery drains , the bar reduces in length . And as your battery charges , the bar pulses with an interesting animation .
If you 're worried about the bar getting in the way , you 'll be relieved to know that you can adjust the thickness of the bar on a scale from 1 to 5 . Additionally , you can change the origin of the bar to start from either the left , right , or center . Energy Bar 's color customization is quite extensive , allowing you to select a solid , singular color from a selection of 30 . Or if you wish , you can assign different colors to specific ranges of battery level .
Leaving an incredibly minimal CPU footprint , and completely free , Energy Bar is another way for Android users to switch up their UI with little effort . If you would like to give this a go , be sure to check out the application thread for more details .
Here is a full animation of all Hadcrut4.3 monthly spatial anomaly data . In the early years you can see individual ship voyages ! Note the strong variations throughout , especially in northern continents during winter months , and try to spot the El Niño events .
The video uses my new colour table which I think is better than the Met Office scheme . Blue is for DT < 0 and red for DT > 0 . The table is made using a linear interpolation over a ± 10 degree range . Anything just below zero looks slightly cool and anything above zero looks slightly warm . For example this is the plot for October 2015 using the new colour scheme .
In my opinion this better reflects the overall warming pattern last month , compared to the Met Office plot which exaggerates it .
Share this : Twitter
Google
Facebook
More
LinkedIn
Email
ES FOOD newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Thai chain Busaba are hoping to cheer up Londoners suffering from the January blues with the promise of cheap food .
On January 16 – so-called Blue Monday , allegedly the most depressing day of the year – Busaba will run a 99p menu from midday until 4pm at all of their restaurants .
To take advantage , Londoners will need to sign up in advance here . 99p dishes are , sadly , limited to one per person and will be available on a first-come , first-served basis .
The nine-dish menu includes the likes of chilli prawn stir-fry , Songkhla red curry , and Pad Thai , which all typically cost around £12 each . Other plates available include crabmeat fried rice , chargrilled chicken , green chicken curry and ginger beef stir fry , many of which come with free rice . The final two dishes are yet to be confirmed .
Busaba have thirteen restaurants across the capital . Details can be found here .
Blue Monday is an example of a publicity stunt unravelling out of control . About a decade ago , a press release went out claiming scientists had concluded the third Monday of January to be the most depressing day of the year , which has since stuck in the public imagination . This 'fact ' is anything but .
Follow David Ellis on Twitter @ dvh_ellis
Follow Going Out on Facebook and on Twitter @ ESGoingOut
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D-NV ) on Thursday said that efforts by tea party-backed Republicans in the Senate to use an energy efficiency bill to defund Obamacare was evidence that “ anarchist have taken over ” Congress .
In a speech on the Senate floor , Reid said that some senators had attempted to derail the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act with unrelated amendments .
“ The anarchist have taken over , ” the Nevada Democrat observed , throwing up their hands . “ They 've taken over the House , now they 're here in the Senate . ”
“ We 're in a position here where people who do n't believe in government — and that 's what the tea party is all about — are winning , and that 's a shame . ”
Reid pointed out that Republicans had not allowed a single amendment to be offered that had anything to do with energy . In fact , Sen. David Vitter ( R-LA ) had vowed to block every amendment until their measure to exempt lawmakers from the health care reform law came up for a vote .
“ As the fiscal year comes to an end , I guess that 's what it 's all about , ” Reid noted . “ You do what we want , get rid of Obamacare or we 're not going to fund the government . ”
“ Where are we ? Where we have been this whole year . And what have we accomplished ? Not much . ”
Watch the video below from C-SPAN , broadcast Sept. 12 , 2013 .
( h/t : The Hill )
ALBANY , NY — Fresh from the NHL , Reid Boucher delivered a major-league shot to give the Albany Devils a 3-2 overtime victory against the Hershey Bears Wednesday at Times Union Center . After Raman Hrabarenka tied the game with 76 seconds remaining , Boucher fired a wrister from the left-circle on a fast break 2:05 into the extra frame to end Albany 's five-game skid .
The win , which was the team 's 16th on home ice , improves Albany 's overall record to 24-11-6-0 . Hershey extended their point streak to seven games as it goes to 22-13-3-6 .
Yann Danis was the goalie of record after Scott Wedgewood , who had 13 saves , left the game in the third period with what appeared to be a right shoulder injury . The Devils netminder originally aggravated it during the opening minutes of the game . Danis supplied 10:08 of relief and five saves for their 17th win .
Hershey 's Erik Burgdoerfer had a goal and an assist and Riley Barber also scored . Netminder Dan Ellis made 21 stops .
Mike Sislo started the scoring from the same spot they have tallied the majority of this league-leading 12 power play goals — from the left faceoff circle on a one-timer . For their team-high 17th goal , Marc-Andre Gragnani set them up to give the Devils a 1-0 advantage at 5:36 of the first .
Hershey answered with back-to-back goals . First , Burgdoerfer picked the lower-left corner with a blast from the right point at 14:39 of the second . Then Barber pulled their team ahead late in the third with a falling-down shot from the right hash at 15:27 .
Albany elected to go with the extra skater with about 90 seconds on the clock and it paid off . Matt Lorito fed Hrabarenka , who sent a hard wrister past Ellis with just 1:16 remaining .
• The Essentials
Shots : Albany 24 , Hershey 19
Power Play : Albany 1-3 , Hershey 0-3
Three Stars : 1 . Reid Boucher ( ALB ) , 2 . Raman Hrabarenka ( ALB ) , 3 . Erik Burgdoerfer ( HER )
• Next Up
The Devils five-game homestand comes to a conclusion Friday with a 7 pm contest against the Utica Comets .
When I said this on Twitter today , it struck up a lot of support . It actually came out as a throwaway comment in Wednesday 's Astroengine Live when I was having a rant about the misconception that space exploration is a luxury and not a necessity . If I was debating this now , I 'd probably be somewhere between “ necessity ” and “ luxury ” . On the one hand it would be nice to have a very wealthy space agency , carrying out unimaginable science throughout the Solar System , colonies on the Moon and Mars , mining asteroids and setting up an interplanetary transportation system . On the other hand , none of these things will be possible unless there is huge ( global ) public support and political will…
But then I thought back to Robert Zubrin 's words about financing a huge manned Mars mission ( Apollo 2.0 style ) to save the economy . After all , investment in private space contractors , education and training would be the mother of all stimulus plans . Rather than throwing $ nth billions into failing banking systems , sick economies and damaged infrastructure , do something new with this cash , create a utopian Mars effort , get man onto the Martian regolith within 8 years . Hell , we can do that !
Yes , we can do that , I 'd even go so far as saying that if the cheque was big enough , we could mount a manned expedition to Mars in five years . Now that would be impressive .
But this wo n't happen . Although the world 's space agencies are doing their thing in space , each one has their own agenda . Surely it would be advantageous to team up ? Perhaps the International Space Station could serve as a blueprint for the future of humankind in space ? Each member nation provides their best pieces of kit and most gifted individuals , pushing man deeper into space than previously imaginable . This sentiment was shared by Jeff Foust when they spoke to Astroengine contributor Nina Lincoff yesterday .
“ There are these capabilities that exist around the world and if we partner with them than we can do more of these complex missions and experiments on top of what we already want to do . By developing with a space program that is sophisticated enough and with enough potential helps to elevate you as a country . If you cooperate with NASA , you enhance your own prestige. ” — Jeff Foust
Although there are plenty of collaborations going on around the world , there is little motivation to push for an “ International Spaceship ” any time soon . This is primarily due to funding and international politics . Some things just do n't change .
So what could motivate the world 's nations to unite in a massive space exploration collaboration ? Why should the first man on Mars be American or Russian or Chinese or European ? Why ca n't it be all of the above ? This will probably only happen if the NewSpace era is more than just a fad ; perhaps companies like SpaceX , Bigelow Aerospace , XCOR , Orbital Sciences , Boeing , Lockheed Martin will be the trailblazers of a huge emerging industry . Space commercialization is happening now , perhaps it will bring together nations under one flag , the flag of profit . Perhaps this can be done with huge collaborative efforts by international space agencies , governments investing in science and technology , companies being subsidised to provide launch capabilities , orbital solar energy plants , transportation systems and refuelling depots at the Lagrangian points–
[ stop ]
When I start talking like this , I have found that I draw huge criticism from an unlikely crowd of people . I receive emails and comments from space enthusiasts , not unlike myself , accusing me of being an “ idiot ” , “ naive ” or “ British ” ( yep , somehow “ British ” was used as an insult because “ you lot do n't have a space agency “ , for some reason this gave me no right to comment on US efforts in space . Oh do calm down and get to the back of the queue ) . So this brings me to another point . Yes , there are many “ dreamers ” when it comes to space exploration , and I consider myself to be one of them . I do n't have all the answers to the current issues for NASA , ESA , Rocosmos or the British National Space Centre ( take that Mr “ You Do n't Have A Space Agency ” ! It may not be well known , but at least we 're doing something ) , but if we begin stifling people who have an enthusiasm for space exploration just because it does n't “ fit ” with popular opinion , the very people who might be space exploration visionaries will turn away from the thing they do best : communicate the excitement of scientific endeavour . Just because us “ dreamers ” may not be “ right ” , it does n't mean we 're wrong either .
I 'm sure Elon Musk was accused of being a dreamer at some point when they said , ‘ I know , I 'm going to launch stuff into space and make it cheap ! '
As for stimulating humanity to take that next leap of evolution into space , it needs to be a global effort and we need to see humanity spreading to other worlds as a necessity and not a luxury . I can guarantee that if the single biggest threat to humankind ( apart from ourselves ) is spotted through a telescope in the future , we 'll really wish we had a thriving space travel infrastructure so we can deal with the ever present threat of an asteroid impact . Therefore , who needs to stimulate the economy when you need to save a civilization ? The truth is , there are far greater things at stake than the credit crunch , we need to be prepared to participate in this Solar System of ours to ensure the survival of our species .
VICTORIA B.C . – Andrew Weaver , Leader of the B.C . Green Party , unveiled the party 's platform on electoral reform today . Weaver will be available for media interviews on the platform today in Victoria :
WHEN : 2:00PM today , April 17 , 2017
WHERE : Redfern Park , 1700 Leighton Road , Victoria .
“ After decades of broken promises , British Columbians have lost trust in their government – and rightfully so , ” said Weaver . “ Career politicians have put their own interests ahead of the interests of British Columbians , allowing corporations and lobbyists to gain undue influence . We have a duty to regain that trust and to demonstrate through action that the government is there to serve British Columbians – not politicians . ”
The democratic reform platform consists of four planks : Political Finance Reform , Lobbying Reform , Electoral Reform and Transparency and Accountability . It includes commitments to :
Establish a public watchdog to oversee government advertising and communications ;
Prohibit cabinet ministers from engaging in partisan fundraising activities ;
Impose a multi-year prohibition on lobbying for former senior public office holders ;
Introduce proportional representation ;
Ban corporate , union and out-of-province donations and place limits on individual contributions that are in-line with current federal limits ;
Establish a Provincial Budget Officer to provide independent and objective analysis to the Legislative Assembly on the state of the province 's finances , the government 's estimates and economic trends .
The B.C . Green Party 's democratic reform plank comes as both the B.C . Liberals and the B.C . NDP have been heavily criticised for holding cash-for-access fundraisers and accepting millions of dollars in donations from corporations and unions . The RCMP is currently investigating a series of potentially illegal political contributions made by lobbyists that were uncovered by a recent Globe and Mail investigation .
“ We need to restore people 's faith in government , ” says Weaver . “ Both of the other parties have allowed the integrity of BC politics to wear so thin that it 's no wonder people do n't trust politicians . We believe trust is earned through actions . That 's why we banned corporate and union donations when no one else would . We will take that same approach if British Columbians entrust us to form government . ”
The B.C . Green Party is the only major B.C . political party to have banned corporate and union donations , opting to fund the election campaign on individual contributions alone . Since the ban was introduced in September , the party 's fundraising as grown exponentially .
- 30 -
Attached :
Media contact
Jillian Oliver , Press Secretary
+1 778-650-0597 | jillian.oliver @ bcgreens.ca
When an Ohio child craved a cheeseburger , they decided to take the matter into their own hands .
According to police , the 8-year-old got in the driver 's seat of their dad 's van along with their 4-year-old sister to go to the McDonald 's drive-thru . It occurred around 8:00 p.m. Sunday , and their parents were asleep at the time from a long day playing outside with their children .
East Palestine Police officer Jacob Koehler told local news outlet 21 News that they apparently learned how to drive watching YouTube videos . Koehler was actually impressed by the boy 's skills : witnesses said that they were following traffic rules and they did n't hit anything .
When confronted by police , the boy was reduced to tears and said they just wanted a cheeseburger . Police said it was not a case of neglect ; the children already had three meals that day , but they just wanted McDonald 's .
`` A friend of the family saw what was going on and called the grandparents , '' Koehler said . The boy and their sister got their McDonald 's meal while waiting for their grandparents to pick them up .
Check out the burger chain through the years
More from :
Student goes missing after covering room walls in mysterious symbols , writing
Plymouth teenager rescues man on brink of death
Hot air balloons sparkle sky between Britain and France
Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling in a scene in `` The Big Short , '' a movie about the housing bubble during the 2000s . Paramount Pictures The charter-school industry — consisting of schools that are funded partly by tax dollars but run independently — may be heading toward a bubble similar to that of the subprime-mortgage crisis , according to a study published by four education researchers .
The study , `` Are charter schools the new subprime loans ? '' warns of several factors that appear to be edging the charter industry toward a bubble premeditated by the same factors that encouraged banks to start offering risky mortgage loans .
With charters , school authorizers play the role of the banks , as they have the power to decide whether to issue a new charter school . There are a multiple types of authorizers , including state education agencies and independent charter school boards . Most authorizers are local education agencies .
`` Supporters of charter schools are using their popularity in black , urban communities to push for states to remove their charter cap restrictions and to allow multiple authorizers , '' one of the study 's authors , Preston C. Green III , told The Washington Post , where we first read about the study . `` At the same time , private investors are lobbying states to change their rules to encourage charter school growth . The result is what we describe as a policy 'bubble , ' where the combination of multiple authorizers and a lack of oversight can end up creating an abundance of poor-performing schools in particular communities . ''
The study 's authors point to a change in business practices as the catalyst of the bubble in the subprime industry and possible bubble in the case of charter schools .
With the mortgage crisis , loan origination changed from an originate-to-hold model to an originate-to-distribute model . The OTD model allowed banks to sell mortgages into the secondary market , where they were bundled up and sold by the government-sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Students at KIPP Bridge Charter School in San Francisco . Michael Buckner/Getty Images
In both the mortgage crisis and the charter industry , these business-model changes essentially transfer the risk to a third party whose incentives do n't necessarily align with those of the originator .
The study also highlights a similarity its authors call the `` Principal-Agent Problem . '' In the mortgage crisis , mortgage servicers emerged as a result of the OTD model . Servicers handled administrative tasks that originators used to carry out , such as collecting fees from late payments or foreclosures .
Again , the incentives of the servicers and the originators diverged , as the servicers were compensated to foreclose loans rather than to find alternatives .
Michael Bloomberg at Explore Charter School . Wikimedia Commons
Charter schools have this same misalignment when it comes to management by third-party organizations , the study says . Many charter-school boards hire private education-management organizations to run the day-to-day administrative tasks of the school .
The study says that while charter-school boards have the responsibility to follow the laws mandated of public schools , the incentive of these outside organizations is to increase revenue or cut expenses . And that misalignment creates an environment that may discriminate against students the organizations see as `` too expensive , '' such as those with disabilities , according to the study .
The authors of the study acknowledge the necessity of alternatives to failing public schools , but they urge lawmakers to put safeguards in place to ensure a bubble does n't develop and affect the very communities they aim to help .
The largest public pension fund in Washington , D.C. has purged its $ 6.4 billion fund of all direct holdings in fossil fuels , city council members and climate activists announced Monday .
The District of Columbia Retirement Board ( DCRB ) spent the last few years quietly selling off $ 6.5 million in oil , natural gas and coal investments , amounting to a mere one-tenth of 1 percent of the organization 's total holdings , but made the public announcement at a press conference on Monday .
While other American cities including San Francisco have pledged to clear their pension funds of fossil fuels , Washington D.C. may be the largest fund in the nation to complete this step , though the amount divested was small . The DCRB joins more than 500 cities , philanthropies , universities and other organizations worldwide with assets totaling more than $ 3.4 trillion that have divested from at least some fossil fuels or pledged to do so .
`` This is a decision that is morally and ethically the right thing '' from a climate perspective , said D.C. council member Charles Allen at a recent press conference . `` It is also financially the right thing , '' they added .
Ellen Dorsey , executive director of the Wallace Global Fund , center , praises the District of Columbia Retirement Board for divesting from fossil fuels . They were joined by D.C. council member Charles Allen ( left ) and Molly Rauch , the public health policy director of Moms Cleans Air Force , right . Credit : DC Divest
Some of the companies culled from the D.C. pension fund include Peabody Energy and Arch Coal , which both filed for bankruptcy this year , and ExxonMobil Inc. , an oil giant being investigated by several attorneys general for possibly misleading the public and shareholders on the business risks associated with climate change .
Allen joined the city council weeks after it passed a resolution in December 2014 urging local pension fund managers to explore ways to minimize their carbon risk , including by divesting . Months before , the DCRB , which manages the retirement funds for the District of Columbia retirement plans for police officers , firefighters and teachers , had updated the investment policies to be more socially responsible . Allen quickly became an advocate on the issue and they co-sponsored a resolution in 2015 mandating DCRB to divest from fossil fuels over five years . That resolution , however , was never voted on .
DC Divest , a grassroots organization , spearheaded the city 's divestment campaign and helped organize the Monday press conference .
Washington is showing `` cities across the globe what they can do to lead on climate , '' DC Divest spokesperson Hayden Higgins told InsideClimate News . They also said they hoped the successful campaign would send a message to Congress that it is time for decisive action on climate .
Last summer , the city 's mayor signed a 20-year power purchase agreement to supply 35 percent of the district government 's electricity needs from wind energy . Allen said the city council 's goal is for 50 percent of the electricity purchased by the city to come from renewable energy sources by 2050 .
Ellen Dorsey , executive director of the Washington D.C.-based philanthropic organization Wallace Global Fund , also hailed the news on Monday . `` If we own fossil fuels , we own climate change , '' they said . The Wallace Global Fund largely completed its process of divesting in 2012 .
The fossil fuel divestment campaign started on a small liberal arts college campus in New England in 2011 and has since spread across the globe with a steady stream of commitments . Recent divestment pledges have come from the University of Massachusetts and the Church of Scotland .
City and state pension funds have begun to join the trend . Last year , the California legislature ordered the state 's two public pension funds California Public Employees ' Retirement System ( CalPERS ) and California State Teachers ' Retirement System ( CalSTRS ) divest their holdings from coal . The two funds , among the largest in the country , are worth nearly $ 500 billion combined and represent 2.4 million retirees .
This week , Rep. Ted Lieu ( D-Ca . ) sent a letter to the CalPERS chief executive Anne Stausboll calling on the group to divest from ExxonMobil . `` Public funds should not be invested in a company that has repeatedly misled the American people on climate change , '' they wrote . `` Divesting is not only the moral action to take , it is the only action left that can potentially provide an immediate catalyst for change at ExxonMobil . ''
Dorsey said they hope the next wave of action is for cities to invest in climate solutions , energy efficiency and clean technology . `` I think the potentials are enormous and the return on investment will be incredibly beneficial financially , '' they said .
Hello everyone ! ! Kahotan here ! ( @ gsc_kahotan )
I always bring a backpack with me to work ! The other day someone told me I looked like I was going mountain climbing !
Anyway , today I 'm going to be taking a look at…
Nendoroid Yuri Katsuki : Casual Ver . !
From the popular anime series “ YURI ! ! ! on ICE ” comes a Nendoroid of Yuri Katsuki wearing a casual outfit ! They come with two face plates including the blank expression they sometimes showed in the series , as well as a drunk expression ! Optional parts include their glasses , a scarf , a backpack and an alternate head part wearing a hat ! In addition , they also come with a bottle of sake which is perfect to display together with the drunk expression and recreate the famous scene from the series ! Enjoy the more casual side of Yuri 's life with this casual Nendoroid !
“ My name is Yuri Katsuki ! ”
From the anime series “ YURI ! ! ! on ICE ” comes a new Nendoroid of Yuri Katsuki , this time wearing a much more casual outfit ! ! ★
They look so nice and warm wearing their scarf , beanie and jacket ! The rounded backpack has also been included which all come together to capture their casual appearance perfectly in adorable Nendoroid form !
* The stand connecting to the backpack is provisional !
You can of course remove the backpack , scarf , their glasses…
…and even the hat !
You can even enjoy Yuri in their causal outfit without the glasses or hat !
In addition , they also come with this as an optional part !
The “ Invitation to the Underworld ” bottle of shochu from the series ! Plus they also come with another face plate that works perfectly with the alcohol – a drunk expression !
In the past when I reviewed Nendoroid Yuri Katsuki : Free Skating Ver . on the blog I remember writing that you could easily mistake them for an angel… this time around I do n't think there are any words to describe how adorable they are ! ! Just look at him ! !
▲ The absolute bliss on their face makes any pose look adorable !
The previous expression with an open mouth and slight blush definitely captures Yuri 's pure and innocent side , but this drunk expression captures another part of them so perfectly !
▲ I had too much fun taking these photos
To summarize ! The following parts are included with the Nendoroid ! ★
◇ Glasses
◇ Bottle of Sake
◇ Scarf
◇ Backpack
◇ Hat Head Parts ( That hat has their hair attached . Not visible in this photo ! )
In addition to all these parts , they also have two different expressions to choose from which can also be switched to have glasses on or off , or with and without the scarf and hat for all sorts of different possibilities ! ♪
Recreate your favorite scenes from the series as well as your very own original situations all in Nendoroid size ! Do n't forget that you can always use expressions from other Nendoroids as well for even more options !
Also note the difference in the size of the clothing between this Nendoroid and the previously released Nendoroid Yuri Katsuki ! The jacket makes them look so much more puffed up !
Enjoy the more relaxed appearance of the figure skater with a glass heart !
Nendoroid Yuri Katsuki : Casual Ver . !
He 'll be up for preorder from tomorrow !
Keep your eyes on the ORANGE ROUGE Site and Good Smile Company Website for more details ! We also have come preorder bonuses ! ( っ ' ω ' ) っ ) )
▼GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP Bonus
Nendoroid Plus Rubber Strap : Nendoroid Yuri Katsuki : Casual Ver .
⇒ GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP
▼animate Purchase Bonus
Nendoroid Plus Magnet Sheet : Yuri Katsuki Yu-topia Akatsuki Ver .
※ Please contact animate for more details .
Be sure to consider them when preordering !
In addition , we also have more Nendoroids on the way…
Nendoroid Victor Nikiforov : Coach Ver . !
Nendoroid Yuri Plisetsky : Casual Ver . !
Stay tuned for more updates ! ヽ ( * ´∀｀ ) ノ
○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+
Preorder Deadlines ! !
Preorders for many products at the GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP are closing soon ! Here are the products closing on the 16th and 23rd of November ( JST ) !
⇒ MORE DETAILS
Most Good Smile Company products are made to order , so if you want to be sure that you get your hands on them preordering is always the safest bet ! Make sure you do n't miss out ! ( ∩・∀・ ) ∩
* figma Genji has had their deadline extended to the 30th November 2017 .
○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+
Planning Team / Kahotan / Twitter ID： @ gsc_kahotan
English Updates : @ gsc_kevin
©はせつ町民会／ユーリ ! ! ! on ICE 製作委員会
Pinterest
Pinterest is now the fastest growing site for referral traffic , according to a new study by content-sharing company Shareaholic . If Google+ , YouTube , and LinkedIn 's referral traffic were added up , they still would n't drive as many users as Pinterest .
The premise behind Pinterest is for users to gather , organize , and share things they find on the Web , such as home decorations , clothing , and food . The end result is curated pinboards that are meant to help friends discover new items or get inspiration . Currently , Pinterest is invite-only .
In the study , Shareaholic aggregated data from more than 200,000 publishers that reach 260 million unique monthly visitors . It found that Pinterest grew from 2.5 percent of referral traffic in December to 3.6 percent of the referrals in January .
Just six months ago , Pinterest had only 0.17 percent of the referral traffic . Now it 's leagues ahead of Google+ , MySpace , Reddit , YouTube , and LinkedIn , which is something for a site that 's still invite-only . In fact , it 's practically tied with Twitter and Google , which have 3.61 percent and 3.62 percent respectively .
The top traffic driver continues to be Facebook with 26.4 percent and far behind is StumbleUpon with 5.07 percent .
In December , Pinterest received 4,000 percent more visitors than it had six months earlier , which deemed it the `` Number 10 '' social-networking site , according to Experian Hitwise . However , in the finicky world of social networks , it 's unclear what will happen when Pinterest moves beyond its invite-only phase .
Shareaholic
While the NSA has been busy scouring the Angry Birds leaderboards , newly leaked documents report that its British counterpart -- the GCHQ -- has been monitoring the flow of social media in real-time . The General Communications Headquarters can apparently keep track of YouTube traffic , which links are liked on Facebook and even which Blogger or Blogspot pages are visited . This all comes via documents taken by Edward Snowden that were obtained by NBC News . NBC 's sources also say that the British spies have been able to physically tap the lines carrying global web traffic to extract key data about specific users as well . This initiative , called Squeaky Dolphin , intends to put broad data trends into context with world events and give the intelligence community a heads-up for future anti-government happenings -- not for spying on a person-by-person level . What 's more , the GCHQ reportedly shares this information with the US .
The GCHQ has issued a statement claiming that all of its work is carried out within the limits of the law , while the NSA says that it 's only interested in the communication activities of valid foreign intelligence targets . For their part , Google and Facebook say that the spying on unencrypted information was done with out their respective knowledge , and neither company had given the UK government permission to access the data -- something we 've heard before .
Hazelwood closure leaves major energy black hole , electricity prices will inevitably rise
Updated
The stink of rotting barramundi in the Hazelwood cooling ponds will be an apt metaphor for Australia 's rancid energy planning , after the generator 's last unit shuts the day after April Fool 's Day .
Despite the long-anticipated closure of the plant , the Victorian Government introduced the tropical fish into the balmy waters of the Hazelwood pondage in April 2016 .
The aim was to attract tourist anglers and there has been keen interest , even the odd poacher .
But when the plant 's boilers are switched off the pond waters will go cold — when temperatures in the La Trobe Valley plummet to single digits in winter .
The optimum temperature for barramundi to thrive is 28 degrees Celsius — so the fish will die and the stench will be an eloquent testament to Australia 's policy-induced energy crisis .
The Australian Energy Market Operator is forecasting shortfalls in energy that could see major blackouts in Victoria and South Australia from December . How did it get to this ?
The beginning of the end
Australian politics broke on December 1 , 2009 .
On that day then-opposition leader Malcolm Turnbull lost the Liberal leadership to Tony Abbott by a single vote . They had battled for months , and failed , to get the coalition to sign on to Labor 's Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme .
The Greens also opposed Labor 's plan , arguing it would `` lock in failure '' .
So began the carbon wars that rage to this day . The upshot for the energy sector has been an investment strike on building new gas-fired baseload power .
In comes the Renewable Energy Target…
In the absence of a carbon price the Renewable Energy Target has been driving investment and helping Australia hit its carbon reduction targets .
Much of that investment has been in wind and most flowed into South Australia , because of its abundant resources and receptive state government . Rooftop solar has also more than doubled there since 2012 .
Now , with 43 per cent of its generation sourced from renewables , that state has a higher penetration of wind and solar power than almost any other jurisdiction on Earth .
This has been an unexpected , and instructive , experiment .
And then the market broke
Subsidised wind farms bid on the National Electricity Market against other forms of power .
The market works on a merit order , where low-cost generation is dispatched first .
When the wind is blowing a generator 's marginal cost of producing electricity is next to nothing , so it underbids coal and gas .
And there 's another problem for thermal generators .
The rapid rise of solar panels on suburban homes means that electricity demand is supressed in the middle of the day , which also cuts into their margins .
So the drop-off in demand coupled with a subsidised , underbidding competitor , drove coal-fired power stations out of business in South Australia and saw high-price gas plants mothballed .
Capacity constraints
The end of fossil fuel generation in South Australia would be a cause for celebration if wind and solar could be relied on to deliver power all the time , but they ca n't .
Research by the Australian Energy Market Operator shows that wind farms deliver their advertised capacity for about 35 per cent of the year .
Financial year Annual South Australian wind generation ( GWh ) Annual change in wind generation Annual capacity factor 2011-12 3,563 34pc 2012-13 3,475 -2pc 33pc 2013-14 4,088 18pc 32pc 2014-15 4,223 3pc 33pc 2015-16 4,322 2pc 33pc
So , when South Australia hits the calm-dark of a hot summer evening , demand surges back on to the grid and thermal power has to `` ramp up '' to meet demand .
The perverse effect of all this is that wholesale electricity prices are rising sharply across the national electricity market as coal exits and high-priced gas steps in to fill the void .
Frequency control
There is another , more complex , problem…
Coal-fired generators , hydro and gas have a large spinning mass of turbines embedded in them .
Put out the fire or remove the water and the inertia in the turbine will keep it spinning until it is stopped by friction . The stability and reliability of the entire electricity system depends on inertia .
Even when wind and solar are providing the bulk of the power in South Australia , they are doing little to keep its frequency stable .
This is another service that is often imported from Victoria .
What 's the fix ?
So , as South Australia has discovered , putting large amounts of 21st-century renewable energy on a 20th-century grid throws up some big challenges .
With other states setting high renewable targets , and without a clear direction on a carbon price from the Federal Government , is it any wonder that no-one wants to invest in baseload power ?
The foundation stone for securing the power system has to be a cross-party commitment to a carbon price and a national energy plan signed off by the Commonwealth and the states .
History shows this will be a very hard fight and the man who has to lead it is the one who was so badly battered in the very first round .
There is an equally difficult battle on the left , where few will admit the current technical limitations of renewables demand that gas generation has to fill the void left by coal .
Even if that was all sorted , getting that gas at a reasonable price will be another test as Australia 's political class has also managed to lead the nation to a domestic gas shortage , with the big gas companies chasing the highest bidders in the global marketplace .
So , whatever shape the future takes , only one thing is certain : electricity prices will rise .
Topics : electricity-energy-and-utilities , industry , energy , wind-energy , solar-energy , australia
First posted
Hoverboards are excellent , they look fun , and we want one . But they 're really expensive – like the crowd-funded Hendo Hoverboard , which cost early backers US $ 10,000 a pop . And then there are the ones that are effectively immaterial , like the super-slick Lexus Slide concept , which does exist but is n't for sale ( meaning it 's pretty much just an ad to make you think about how cool Lexus is… hmm , maybe I 'll buy a car ) .
But there is one affordable way to get your hoverboard freak on , thanks to an enterprising new crowd-funding project on Crowd Supply . Mr Hoverboard ( love the name ! ) is a DIY hoverboard kit that helps anybody realise their hoverboarding dreams , and at US $ 420 , it 's actually within reach for lots of people .
There is , inevitably , a catch . That price tag fetches you the basic Mr Hoverboard kit , including everything you 'll need to assemble the board itself , but to get this thing up and running ( okay , floating ) you 'll need to bring your own propulsion system . What ?
Do n't worry , it 's not like you need to be a maglev engineer or anything . Mr Hoverboard is designed to operate with some decidedly old-school tech : Black + Decker LSW20 air blowers ( sold separately ) , like the kind you 'd use to clean up leaves on your lawn .
Except here they 're a lot more fun . Four of them are pointed downwards , redirecting air underneath Mr Hoverboard and providing enough lift to have you floating on air . It sounds unwieldy , but it works ( check the video above ) .
Another proviso is you 'll need to be fairly light to safely ride Mr Hoverboard . The maximum weight is 72.5 kilograms ( 160 lbs ) , which will likely count a lot of wanna-be hoverboard riders out .
But while the comparatively low-tech Mr Hoverboard has its share of limitations , in other ways this is actually the most practical and accessible hoverboard project we 've seen yet .
Sure , it 's a bit of a Frankenstein-style creation , but it 's affordable and lets you skate on level surfaces virtually anywhere , unlike the Hendo Hoverboard and Lexus Slide , which only operate over special surfaces due to their use of magnetic levitation .
As creator Ryan Craven says on the board 's crowd-funding page , “ Though other projects have captivated Internet audiences , there have n't been any offerings that allow users to hoverboard in everyday environments. ” He 's right about that .
And no , you probably wo n't look as cool as Marty McFly when you 've got four air blowers bolted to your hoverboard , but hey – at least you 're hovering , right ? And if you hoverboard over your lawn , you could even clean up your garden at the same time . That 's multi-tasking for you , folks !
Researchers at the Medical University of Vienna , in Austria , studied the anxiolytic effect of Silexan , an oral lavender oil capsule preparation , compared to placebo .
First , the details .
221 adults with mild to moderate anxiety were randomly assigned to a treatment group for 10 weeks , with visits every 2 weeks . Silexan 80 mg/day taken by mouth from Lavandula species Placebo
Changes in the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index were measured .
And , the results .
Patients treated with Silexan showed a total score decrease of 16 points ( 59 % ) for the Hamilton Anxiety Scale and 6 points ( 45 % ) for the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index vs 10 points ( 35 % ) and 4 points ( 31 % ) in the placebo group — significantly different .
Silexan was significantly better than placebo regarding the percentage of patients who responded to treatment ( 77 % vs. 49 % ) and those with remission of anxiety ( 61 % vs. 43 % ) .
Lavandula oil preparation had a significant beneficial influence on quality and duration of sleep and improved general mental and physical health .
No unwanted sedative or other drug specific effects were reported .
The bottom line ?
The authors concluded , “ Lavandula oil preparation Silexan is both efficacious and safe for the relief of anxiety disorder not otherwise specified . ”
The results support an earlier study that compared lorazepam ( Ativan ) to Silexan and concluded , “ Silexan is as effective as lorazepam in adults with generalized anxiety disorders . ”
2/10/11 20:47 JR
Fighters from the Islamic State have proudly posted photos of a child who they claim is the youngest person to die while fighting on their side .
The 10-year-old boy is named by the Islamists as Abu Ubaidah . A Twitter account run by Isil sympathisers said on October 9 that they were killed , alongside their father , by an American air strike two weeks ago .
US aircraft have been carrying out air strikes across Iraq and northern Syria , and the account did not say where they were killed .
But the disturbing series of photos posted by the Isil account show a smiling boy wearing a woollen hat and combat fatigues , posing frequently with guns .
In one image the machine gun is almost bigger than they are – standing in the hallway of a house , they beam to the camera as they strike a pose with the gun .
In another , they are standing beside a truck which has been turned into an improvised tank , with a metal sheet covering the windscreen .
Isil 's recruitment of child soldiers has been long-known .
Photos taken from Raqqa , the heartland of Isil , shows lines of balaclava-clad children marching through the streets .
In a documentary made by Vice News , Abu Moussa , their PR man – who has since been killed – described how every male child under the age of 15 is forced to attend a `` Sharia camp '' to be taught the militant group 's radical interpretation of Islam .
In August , a seven-year-old Australian child , whose father is their country 's most-wanted terrorist , was photographed holding up a severed head in Syria .
And footage emerged last month of a young child , possibly aged only six , practising firing a gun in the Damascus suburb of Ghouta .
Young Westerners have also been lured to travel to Syria and join the fight . The most recent case involved a 15-year-old girl from Bristol who has disappeared , reportedly after stating that they wanted to join Isil 's forces .
Yeah you heard correct . TorrentLeech , probably the world 's most sought after private torrent tracker , is giving away 10000 free invites to external users in celebration of the launch of their newest category , the PlayStation 3 games section . As we mentioned yesterday , TL was one of the first private trackers to start indexing PS3 games based on the newly released jailbreak for Sony 's popular gaming console . The invite giveaway was first announced on the TL homepage and a subsequent confirmation has now been posted on the site 's Twitter feed as well . The special invite code posted by w00t can be used by anyone and will support up to 10000 new free signups . In case you still do n't know , TorrentLeech is a hugely popular private tracker which indexes movies , games , music , TV shows , E-books and all sorts of other scene and non scene content . Those of you who still are n't members , do n't let this golden opportunity go waste .
The announcement was first made on TorrentLeech 's homepage :
Signups are closed at the moment , and available only with an invitation.We celebrate our new PS3 category , and we let 10k people to live the TorrentLeech experience ! ! Click here , use 38498037 as invite code and join us ! It wont last long ! ! When the 10k sign ups are filled , this message will dissapear .
This was later confirmed on the site 's official Twitter ( http : //twitter.com/torrentleech ) , as well :
10000 invites is in fact quite a lot and will hopefully be enough for all of you dying for a TL account : ) . Additionally , this approach should be more straightforward and easier than the previous IRC invite giveaways ( through which many of our readers got into TL ) and should give you access to the site almost instantly . In case you still are n't a member of this awesome tracker , here 's a great chance for you to become one of the best torrent communities on the internet .
Site Name : TorrentLeech ( http : //www.torrentleech.org )
Invite Signup URL : http : //www.torrentleech.org/signup_inv.php
Invite Code : 38498037
Twitter Feed URL : http : //twitter.com/torrentleech
Special thanks to w00t for the heads-up .
If you liked this article do not forget to subscribe to our RSS feed .
You can also follow us on Twitter or FaceBook for inside information and more .
Prices for Intel 's upcoming “ Haswell ” desktop processors has been leaked by VR-Zone ! These processors are rumored to be launching in June around the same time as Computex . Looking at the prices they are very similar to the Ivy Bridge processors which were released in April of 2012 . The flagship chip , which is the Core i7-4770K will have a MSRP of $ 327 . Read on to see the rest of the prices .
There are a total of 8 processors listed above , while we know there will be 14 processors available on launch day . The fastest Core i5 chip , the i5-4670K will have a MSRP of $ 230 . At this price it will be $ 35 more expensive than AMD 's FX-8350 , but it will also feature the new Haswell architecture and HD 4600 ( GT2 ) graphics as all processors listed above have .
Source : VR-Zone | News Archive
A Republican state Senator warns LGBT people - but no one else - that they should n't have an expectation of being treated equally or fairly in their conservative state .
Joseph Silk is working to protect people who have deeply held religious beliefs about gay people from having to actually have anything to do with them . The Oklahoma state Senator is sponsoring two decidedly anti-gay bills . One , the Oklahoma Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 2015 , would allow anyone - including religious and secular businesses - to discriminate against LGBT people for any reasons , as long as they claim doing so would violate their `` sincerely held religious beliefs . '' The other would bar same-sex couples , but allow different-sex couples , to enter into `` covenant marriage , '' which makes it extremely difficult to later divorce .
Senator Silk 's Religious Freedom Restoration Act , a `` get-out-of-jail-free card '' for people who claim to be of faith , is so sweepingly broad it would allow any person or business - including non-profit or for-profit organizations - to refuse to provide services to anyone whose `` sex , gender , or sexual orientation '' offends those `` sincerely held religious beliefs . ''
That means that if your religion directs you to treat women as not equal to men , the State of Oklahoma will support your actions . If your religion , or your interpretation of your religion , mandates you to hate the gays , do n't worry , Oklahoma 's got you covered .
The bill 's scope is so broad it allows anyone to refuse to provide `` any services , accommodations , advantages , facilities , goods or privileges , '' or `` counseling , adoption , foster care , and other social services '' to anyone else - again , based on their `` sincerely held religious beliefs . ''
It also allows anyone , including the State of Oklahoma , to refuse to acknowledge or recognize as valid any marriage or other domestic union .
Senator Silk would like folks to know that he 's not anti-gay , just pro-faithful .
Silk told The New York Times in an article published today , that the `` L.G.B.T . movement is the main thing , the primary thing that 's going to be challenging religious liberties and the freedom to live out religious convictions . ''
`` They do n't have a right to be served in every single store , '' said Sen . Silk . `` People need to have the ability to refuse service if its violates their religious convictions . ''
They added : `` And I say that sensitively , because I have homosexual friends . ''
Some responses via Twitter :
No one with homosexual friends says `` I have homosexual friends . '' â€ ” Jon Lovett ( @ jonlovett ) March 5 , 2015
How to determine a tool ? `` I have [ insert minority group ] friends . `` @ jonlovett : No one with homosexual friends says '' I have homosexual friends . '' '' â€ ” emine deniz ( @ eminedeniz ) March 5 , 2015
@ jonlovett Maybe that 's just what they call their `` Will & Grace '' box set . `` It 's sort of like a homosexual 'Friends ' . '' â€ ” Tim Carvell ( @ timcarvell ) March 5 , 2015
Oh , they have `` homosexual friends . '' I guess that makes discrimination against them ok. https : //t.co/nMIXYwEJZ6 â€ ” Robert Worrell ( @ DCTiger78 ) March 5 , 2015
I like how when people say something bad about the LGBT community they try to make it better by saying they have homosexual friends lol â€ ” Brooke Homer ( @ bhomes23 ) March 5 , 2015
Yo , Senator # Silk of the great state of Oklahoma ! Anyone who says they have `` homosexual '' friends , does n't . â€ ” ManWithMartini ( @ ManWithMartini ) March 5 , 2015
Whenever a politician says they have `` homosexual friends '' I ca n't help but feel bad for them . They have fewer friends than they realize . â€ ” Sarah . ( @ sac12389 ) March 5 , 2015
Silk is not the only Oklahoma lawmaker into attacking gays . Notorious state Rep. Sally Kern is pushing several anti-gay bills too .
Stay tuned .
Image via Facebook
Hat tip : Luke Brinker at Salon
See a mistake ? Email corrections to : [ email protected ]
When I think about my journey into the Catholic Church an old song by Pedro the Lion comes to mind . It 's a great tune called “ Letter from a Concerned Follower , ” and the line I 'm thinking of unfolds like this ,
And I hear that you do n't change
How to you expect to keep up with the trends ?
You wo n't survive the information age
Unless you plan to change the truth
To accommodate the brilliance of men ,
the brilliance of men .
Written from the perspective of a struggling Christian , Letter from a Concerned Follower asks Christ how He , and Their Church , can expect to keep up with the times .
How do you expect to accommodate the brilliance of men ?
Our ideas , innovations , and adjustments ?
I think about this often because it 's the flipside of a question I get all the time .
Is older better ?
Does n't the Christian Church need to innovate ? Need to change ? To adapt ?
The historicity of the Catholic Church was key in my conversion : the unbroken line from the Apostles to today . The stalwart tug of doing things—in large part—the way they 've been done for two thousand years . The assuredness of the authority of the Seat of Peter . An ancient understanding of the Eucharist , Baptism , and hierarchical structure of the Church .
As I meandered a sort of garden path towards a more ancient faith it was these old things that finally brought me home .
But , is older better ?
First , it 's important to recognize that Catholics and non-Catholics understand the Christian Church in particularly different ways . This is fundamental for how we speak about the Church , and if we 're going to understand each other most clearly .
For the Catholic , the Church is that which was founded by Christ . A distinctively hierarchical , authoritative structure through which the Holy Spirit flows , through which Christians are bound together—which is mystical and holy . Like the Early Church Fathers , who set up bishoprics and assigned new leaders when older ones faltered and passed away , the Catholic Church sees itself as both invisible and visible .
An invisible union of all Christians ; a visible authority on Earth .
To the ears of the average Evangelical , words like hierarchy and authority may have no place in their lexicon . I get it . The Church , instead , is that invisible union of all Christians around the world . Full stop .
Here , as I said , it 's important to understand the different meanings of the words we use .
But let 's not lose sight of our question , “ Is older really better ? ”
In the 16th century Martin Luther , a Catholic monk , decided from a plain reading of Scripture that the Catholic Church had got , and was getting , a lot of things wrong . Chief among these concerns were indulgences , the papacy , and the nature of salvation . Luther made a split from the authority structure Catholic Church but it 's important—for our question—to understand that Luther was not an innovator .
Luther did not believe that was they were doing was innovation . They believed , based on their reading of Scriptures , and on some interpretations of Early Church Fathers like St. Augustine , that they had found what they believed to be a more correct interpretation of Scripture .
They believed their doctrine , in opposition to the Catholic Church , was actually closer to the sources .
Closer to what was originally believed by the writers of the New Testament ( most of them at least ) .
Luther was not innovating but going back to the sources .
Luther was arguing that older was better : That the Catholic Church had strayed from a pure presentation of the Gospel with its addition of tradition .
To be fair , Luther 's understanding of sola Scriptura is widely different from how we 'd describe it today . Luther—and their Lutherans—understood the importance of interpreting Scripture within the context of a community and , fundamentally , that not every individual Christian should read and interpret for themselves .
Luther , who was instrumental in getting their Bible into the hands of the people in their own language would later—rather swiftly—argue for it 's removal .
But once the cat 's out of the bag it 's almost impossible to stick them back in again .
Because claws .
Far from censoring the Bible or holding a monopoly , the Catholic Church rightly understood the danger of putting a difficult-to-understand text into the hands of the uneducated masses . The potential for misuse , abuse , and misunderstanding was enormous .
But the question remains , “ Is older really better ? ”
Certainly Martin Luther , the father of the Reformation , thought so . Theirs was a movement back to the Bible from within a Church that they saw as having gone astray .
Unfortunately , five centuries removed from Luther and the beginnings of the Lutheran church we 're left with an Evangelical Christianity based the Bible alone apart , even , from Luther 's understanding of how the Bible should be read : in a strict community context . Interpreting together .
And while Luther understood older to be better—a Christianity closer to its source—we 've come along way in a different direction .
To oppose the claim that older is better is the argument that Christianity needs—must—constantly adapt and change . In its music , its message , its teaching… it 's theology .
But is this what Jesus intended ? A constantly evolving Christianity ?
Interestingly , many Catholic bishops and theologians , writing at the time of the Reformation , argued precisely against such a notion . Many Protestant Reformers , too .
That a Christianity , stripped of the authority of the Church , would have to constantly evolve and change and who was to say whose interpretation was right ( and whose interpretations were wrong ) .
A Christianity based solely on a Bible which is up for interpretation—in which , if I do n't like the interpretation of Pastor Jim I can head down the street to study under Pastor Phil . In which , for most denominations , the idea of authority is untenable . In which even the most earnest and honest Christians must admit that we think we have it right but we ca n't be sure ( because the Bible can be confusing , and we 're not all Bible scholars ) .
Without a authority structure to definitively hand down teachings Christianity becomes a sort of survival of the fittest : which interpretation of the Bible can be made most modern , which is catching on , and which bits should we sweep under the rug ?
Shucks , only half-mad Aunt Tilley believes in that anymore .
In this case , in my opinion , older is better .
In the end , my inestimable wife said it best in a discussion we had late one evening . Despite all of my best efforts and my most miserable examples they decided , a year after I did , to join the Catholic Church too .
They said that , ultimately , what it comes down to is a measure of humility .
The recognition that maybe we do n't know everything but maybe we should cleave to a Church with a distinctive , ancient , two-thousand year old history of doing things a certain way . That it 's humbling and , sometimes , I would add , humiliating , but it forces us not to put ourselves and our interpretations first but to trust in something bigger than ourselves—and with the weight of history and holiness behind it .
A Church that can trace its ancestry—with a straight line—back to Jesus Christ Himself when They stood on this very earth .
And although we might opine , like the concerned follower in our song ,
And I hear that you do n't change
How to you expect to keep up with the trends ?
we recognize that a constantly evolving , constantly adapting Church , is exactly the opposite of what the original Protestant Reformers had in mind . Exactly what Catholic writers warned the Reformers would happen . And exactly the opposite of the timeless message of Jesus who said that nothing will overcome Their Church .
Stay in touch ! Like The Cordial Catholic on Facebook :
Teacher burnout and student stress may be linked , according to a University of British Columbia study .
The study is the first of its kind to examine the connection between teacher burnout and students ' cortisol levels , which are a biological indicator of stress .
Researchers collected saliva samples from over 400 elementary school children and tested their cortisol levels . They found that in classrooms in which teachers experienced more burnout , or feelings of emotional exhaustion , students ' cortisol levels were elevated . Higher cortisol levels in elementary school children have been linked to learning difficulties as well as mental health problems .
`` This suggests that stress contagion might be taking place in the classroom among students and their teachers , '' said Eva Oberle , the study 's lead author and newly appointed assistant professor with the Human Early Learning Partnership ( HELP ) at UBC 's school of population and public health . `` It is unknown what came first - elevated cortisol or teacher burnout . We consider the connection between student and teacher stress a cyclical problem in the classroom . ''
Oberle said a stressful classroom climate could be a result of inadequate support for teachers , which may impact teachers ' ability to effectively manage their students . A poorly managed classroom can contribute to students ' needs not being met and increasing stress . This could be reflected in elevated cortisol levels in students .
Alternatively , stress could originate from students , who may be more challenging to teach because of increases in anxiety , behavioural problems , or special needs . In this scenario , teachers could feel overwhelmed and report higher levels of burnout .
`` Our study is a reminder of the systemic issues facing teachers and educators as classroom sizes increase and supports for teachers are cut , '' said Oberle .
`` It is clear from a number of recent research studies that teaching is one of the most stressful professions , and that teachers need adequate resources and support in their jobs in order to battle burnout and alleviate stress in the classroom , '' said UBC education professor Kimberly Schonert-Reichl , the study 's co-author and director of HELP . `` If we do not support teachers , we risk the collateral damage of students . ''
The study , published in Social Science & Medicine , was carried out in Grade 4 to 7 classrooms at 17 public schools in B.C . 's Lower Mainland .
Teacher burnout was determined through survey results .
Article : Stress contagion in the classroom ? The link between classroom teacher burnout and morning cortisol in elementary school students , Eva Oberle , Kimberly A. Schonert-Reichl , Social Science & Medicine , doi:10.1016/j.socscimed.2016.04.031 , published online 24 April 2016 .
This recipe was from last week and I just did n't get the time to post it up , so here it is ! Better late than never ! The butternut squash just looked fabulous so I just had to have it ! The garlic and onion spinach was another after thought for me as I want to keep my dishes nice and colourful and I thought this would go lovely with the dish ( it does by the way ) .
I had my first taste of Spirulina today , we bought some from Holland and Barretts while we were shopping yesterday and I know it 's packed with great stuff but my goodness it tastes yucky , it does n't taste nice at all , we mixed it with some cranberry juice and had it as a shot , it 's the only way ! I 'll need to do some research to see how people use it in their cooking and see if I can incorporate it that way . We also tried some vegan cheese and some vegan pepperoni slices , they are not for me I 'm afraid . I just felt I should try them so that I could offer an opinion if anyone asked . I wo n't be buying them again , I do n't miss cheese or any meats so to buy substitutes seems a little pointless for me , I think it 's different if you 've always loved cheese and are looking for an alternative , then yes , it 's a good choice .
We were at our youngest nieces school sports day today , my how that brings back horrible memories , I was SHOCKING at sports when I was that age , falling over , all arms and legs really , not a good time ! Then add the pressure of people watching you and well , I was a mess ! But little Ella was fantastic , their group won pretty much every race in their class and they kept their focus by ignoring all us oldies on the side lines which I thought was an excellent tactic ! Go Ella !
Tagliatelle tossed with Roasted Butternut Squash , Cherry Tomato and sautéed garlic & onion spinach ( vegan with gluten free option )
MyInspiration Feel The Difference Range
Serves 2 – Ready in 40 minutes
170g whole wheat tagliatelle ( for Gluten free , use your favourite GF pasta )
1 small butternut squash , peeled and chopped
1 onion finely sliced
2 cloves garlic finely sliced
2 cups ( packed ) spinach
12 cherry tomatoes halved
1 tbsp dried basil
1 tsp dried oregano
Black pepper to season
Method
1 . Preheat oven to 180 degrees celcius ( 356 degrees fahrenheit ) and prepare 2 baking trays
2 . Add the chopped butternut squash to one of the baking dishes , season with black pepper and pop in the oven to roast for 25 minutes , giving it a shake every 5 minutes ( I then popped it under the grill for a few minutes to crisp it up a little , but you do n't have to if you do n't want to .
3 . In the second baking tray add the chopped cherry tomatoes , sprinkle over some black pepper and roast them in the oven for 15 minutes .
4 . Now cook the pasta – add the tagliatelle to a pan of boiling water and cook for 12 – 15 minutes ( according to packet instructions ) drain and set aside
5 . For the sauteed spinach – Add 2 tbsp water to a large , deep saute pan over a medium heat and add the onion and garlic and cook for 3 minutes before adding in the basil , oregano and spinach ( I added half a cup of the boiling pasta water to the saute pan here to help wilt the spinach ) mix together and cook for 3 minutes .
6 . Now add the roasted butternut squash and the roasted cherry tomatoes to the saute pan , stir altogether and then pour in your tagliatelle and toss everything together . Serve in a nice big bowl and finish off with a sprinkling of black pepper and a drizzle of balsamic vinegar if you want to .
Nov 17 , 2012 ; Eugene , OR , USA ; Stanford Cardinal quarterback Kevin Hogan ( 8 ) hand the ball off to running back Stepfan Taylor ( 33 ) against the Oregon Ducks at Autzen Stadium . Mandatory Credit : Scott Olmos-US PRESSWIRE
Klay Thompson : How They Can Get Out of Their Early Slump
Klay Thompson : How They Can Get Out of Their Early Slump by Tej Kamaraju
The Stanford Cardinal completely shook up the landscape of the Pac-12 and the nation with their impressive 17-14 overtime victory over the No . 2-ranked Oregon Ducks on Saturday .
The Cardinal came into Autzen Stadium with a game plan . They wanted to play their own brand of hard-nosed power football on both sides of the ball . In an outstanding all-around performance , Stanford met their goal , holding Oregon 's offense ( which was averaging 55 points per game ) to a mere 14 points .
On the other side of the ball , Kevin Hogan appears to be the real deal . Aside from a couple of mistakes ( not to mention a lucky break on their fumble in overtime ) , Hogan impressed all night . While the Ducks consistently made their way into the backfield , they repeatedly kept plays alive , often finding their reliable tight ends Zach Ertz and Levine Toilolo . Hogan proved on Saturday to have a level of comfort in the pocket in a hostile environment beyond their level of experience .
Stepfan Taylor also succeeded in grinding away at the Oregon defense . They carried the ball 33 times for 161 yards , and their success became visibly discouraging for the Ducks ' front seven as the game wore on .
Currently ranked at No . 8 , the Cardinal have only one regular season game left to play . Because they are still ranked lower than No . 5 Oregon in the BCS standings , many are wondering where Stanford stands .
Next week the Cardinal take on a hot UCLA team that is coming off of a big win over local rival USC to clinch the Pac-12 South division . If Stanford can take down the No . 17 Bruins , the two squads will again square off , this time in Palo Alto , in the Pac-12 championship game .
As long as the Cardinal beat UCLA next week , they will win the Pac-12 North over Oregon because , though both teams only have one conference loss , Stanford beat the Ducks in their head-to-head matchup .
However , if the Bruins beat Stanford next week while Oregon beats Oregon State , it will be the Ducks that host the Pac-12 championship game against UCLA .
Keep an eye on next week 's Pac-12 matchups , as they will go a long way in dictating who will play for the conference championship and , in the long run , who will represent the Pac-12 in the Rose Bowl .
Acquired RHP Jeremy Guthrie from the Rockies for LHP Jonathan Sanchez . [ 7/20 ]
If the Royals swapped floating-for-floating when they traded Melky Cabrera for Sanchez , then this must be sunken-for-sunken .
After building a reputation as a durable , no-thrills starter with the Orioles , Guthrie gave the scoreboard operator and opposing lineups plenty of excitement . The cause for Guthrie 's downfall is unclear , although they seem to have a theory :
“ [ Coors ] is different , that 's all I can say . It 's no excuse ; everybody has to throw here too . It 's very different than what I 've experienced . The effect it has on some of my pitches has been more than I 've expected . It 's part of the equation , not something I 'd use as a crutch . ”
You have to like this move on Dayton Moore 's part , whether Coors proves to be Guthrie 's poison or not . Sanchez was of no value to the Royals anymore . To net anything useful , including a potentially decent starting pitcher , is a win . Just think of it this way : Which side would you have favored if the Orioles and Giants had swapped Guthrie and Sanchez during the offseason ? It is n't quite the same—both pitchers have struggled—but their struggles almost cancel out . Both sides are gaining lottery tickets here . Let 's see if one wins a prize . —R.J . Anderson
Acquired RHP Brandon Lyon , LHP J.A . Happ , and RHP David Carpenter from the Astros for RHP Francisco Cordero , OF-R Ben Francisco , RHP Joe Musgrave , RHP Asher Wojciechowski , LHP David Rollins , C-R Carlos Perez , and a player to be named later . [ 7/20 ]
Happ 's results leave something to be desired . Still , he 's a polished lefty with a deceptive delivery and a history of getting left-handed hitters out . Therefore , the Jays ' decision to switch them to relief smells like a decent idea . The big question is how Toronto will handle Happ 's arbitration eligibility this winter . He 's a non-tender candidate for now .
Lyon 's inclusion in a trade is unsurprising—this very possibility arose when I outlined what the new Collective Bargaining Agreement meant for the deadline . Although Lyon owns reverse splits for their career , he 's proven to be more effective against right-handed batters in recent years . Lyon will strengthen the Jays bullpen for the time being before reaching free agency at season 's end .
Meanwhile , Carpenter may enjoy a longer term in Toronto . Carpenter converted from catching to pitching while in the Cardinals system , then came to Houston in the 2010 Pedro Feliz trade . Since , Carpenter has thrown 57 1/3 big-league innings and fanned 56 batters . The rest of Carpenter 's numbers are n't pretty , but they come at batters with a mid-90s fastball and a knockout slider . They turned 27 on July 15 , yet packs more upside than the usual 27-year-old right-handed reliever does . It 's up to the Jays to help them harness those tools into results . —R.J . Anderson
Acquired LHP Jonathan Sanchez from the Royals for RHP Jeremy Guthrie . [ 7/20 ]
On Wednesday , we discussed Sanchez 's falling out in Kansas City :
This is what it looks like when a combustible starter implodes . Sanchez performed worse than even the unkindest of projections , almost as if they took them as a challenge . Their 7.76 ERA is higher than the sum of their previous two ( 7.33 ) , and they allowed one fewer home run than last season in 48 fewer innings . We knew it could be bad , just not this bad . The write-up of the Sanchez-Melky Cabrera deal concluded , “ New pitching coach Dave Eiland will swoon over Sanchez during spring side sessions but , once the games start to count , could find themselves heartbroken by the results—particularly if Sanchez 's earned run average conforms to the company their quality start rates keep. ” It 's not entirely Eiland 's fault , of course . The Royals tried changing Sanchez 's delivery : instituting a high leg lift , altering their follow through , and perhaps tweaking their arm slot . Nothing worked . That sounds a lot like Sanchez 's time in San Francisco , except the rare moments of brilliance were absent . In essence , the Royals acquired Sanchez and disarmed the time bomb nature of their performances . The shame is that , in doing so , they cut the wrong wire .
Teams are willing to endure some bumps and bruises on the condition that they will be the group that molds Sanchez into a frontline pitcher . Given the cost—a pitcher who did not fit their ballpark—and the contractual obligations involved—both are free agents at year 's end , but Guthrie is owed more—the Rockies can be excused for giving it a go . They can also be excused if they pass on re-upping Sanchez at season 's end . —R.J . Anderson
Acquired RHP Francisco Cordero , OF-R Ben Francisco , RHP Joe Musgrove , RHP Asher Wojciechowski , LHP David Rollins , C-R Carlos Perez , and a player to be named later from the Blue Jays for RHP Brandon Lyon , LHP J.A . Happ , and RHP David Carpenter . [ 7/20 ]
When you hear about a 10-player trade , you assume more than two teams are involved , and you also expect to see one , maybe two really big names involved . That was n't the case here . It 's a bit of a risky deal for the Blue Jays , who get some small pieces who can help them now , while losing players who might help them in future ( emphasis on might ) . For the Astros , however , it 's an absolute no-lose situation . For a team in as deep a hole as Houston , the team needs to look at its roster and ask which players on this team are a part of a good version of the Astros down the road . If a player not on that list can get anything in return , even just a prospect with a chance , that 's a deal worth making .
What the Astros received was minor-league depth and just a bit of upside . Three of the players received were among the Blue Jays ' top 20 prospects entering the season , but none were in the first 14 . Two are players who once had Top 11 positions .
The top prospect received is Musgrove . A budget-minded supplemental first-round pick in the 2011 draft , Musgrove has a physical presence at 6-foot-5 and 230 pounds , and their best pitch is easily their fastball . They can dial it up to the mid-90s with smooth and effortless arm action , and their upright delivery gives them excellent angle on the pitch , which also features good sink and produces plenty of groundballs . The development from here on the 19-year-old will depend on their secondary pitches . They have some feel for a slider , but can also get around on the pitch , causing it to sweep across the plate without much bite , and their changeup is still very much a work in progress . They have the most upside of any player sent to Houston in the deal , but he 's a long , long way from the big leagues .
Wojciechowski was a supplemental first-round pick in 2010 out of The Citadel based on some of the best velocity among college players in the draft , but he 's lost a significant amount of stuff as a pro . The 23-year-old has been far more effective in 2012 during their second go-round at High-A Dunedin , but their fastball is now merely a plus pitch at 91-93 mph . Their slider is another effective pitch , earning 50-55 grades on the scouting scale . Like Musgrove , Wojciechowski is a big , physical pitcher at 6-foot-4 and 235 pounds , and their ability to throw strikes helps their projection as a good big-league reliever , but not one that pitches in the late innings .
Perez might be the most intriguing player in the deal . Certainly an expendable commodity due to outstanding catching depth in the Toronto system , Perez entered the 2011 season as a highly regarded catching prospect after an outstanding performance in the New York-Penn League , but they were unable to build on that in a disappointing 2011 showing at Low-A Lansing . Repeating the level this year , the 21-year-old Venezuelan has made some progress , hitting .275/.358/.447 in 71 games . Offensively , Perez has good at-bats , as they show a good understanding of the strike zone and excellent contact skills , although their power is strictly of the gap variety . He 's athletic for a catcher , and while they can get a bit sloppy behind the plate , they have all the tools to be a solid defender with an average to nearly plus arm . Along with the power questions come questions about the lack of physicality , as he 's not built like a traditional catcher and there are some concerns about how their frame would hold up over the course of a full season .
A 24th-round selection in 2011 out of a Texas junior college , Rollins has had a successful full-season debut at Low-A Lansing , putting up a 2.78 ERA with 75 strikeouts in 77 2/3 innings at Low-A Lansing . He 's a left-hander with an 87-92 mph fastball and the potential for an average slider , but he 'll need to tighten up their command in order to reach their ceiling as a usable middle reliever . —Kevin Goldstein
Concerns about the translatability of Cordero 's velocity and strikeout rate were rampant after the Jays signed them to a one-year deal worth $ 4.5 million . Succeeding in the National League Central and succeeding in the American League East are different accomplishments , after all . Chalking Cordero 's failures in Toronto up to superior competition would be convenient , but it proves false—Cordero faced a higher quality of opponent in 2011 ( a .270 aggregate True Average ) than in 2012 ( .263 ) . What plagued Cordero is an inability to locate their fastball , for strikes or otherwise . That means Houston is n't guaranteed to receive better production from Cordero just because . But landing the free-agent-to-be does give Houston an up-close look at someone who they may have targeted this offseason .
Lately , the Astros have seemed unwilling to start Brian Bogusevic and Jordan Schafer against left-handed pitching . Such an arrangement has led to the likes of Brian Bixler and Scott Moore starting in the outfield . Francisco should end that tomfoolery , as , if there 's one thing they can do , it 's hit left-handed pitching . The Jays acquired Francisco in the offseason for the same reasons , but he 's been tabled for much of the season with hamstring woes . As unusual as it is for a non-contender to add a complementary player at the deadline , Francisco has a year of team control remaining , and contenders are always seeking players like them to complete their benches . —R.J . Anderson
Immigrant-rights protesters have chained themselves in front of an detention facility in Eloy , Ariz. , and planned to blockade the main federal immigration office in Phoenix later Monday , hoping to stop anyone from being deported .
The moves are the latest act of civil disobedience from activists who are demanding the Obama administration halt all deportations . Among the protesters were illegal immigrants .
“ Undocumented — unafraid , ” the protesters chanted as they blocked the road at the facility Monday morning , which is southeast of Phoenix and is one of the busiest detention locations in the country .
The protesters aired their action in a webcast .
While activists have demanded action from Republicans in Congress , they are increasingly critical of President Obama over their record of deportations . Under their watch , immigration authorities have set records by deporting about 400,000 immigrants a year .
One of the protesters , 16-year-old Sandy Estrada , said in a statement that they were demonstrating on behalf of their brother , who has been detained in Eloy for nearly a year .
“ I 'm doing this to show my brother and all the other people inside that we support them , and we will do what it takes to get them out , ” they said .
On Friday , protesters in Tucson halted Operation Streamline , a program that convicts illegal immigrants and gives them jail time before deporting them , hoping it will be a deterrent to trying to cross illegally .
The activists argue that those being held and deported have often committed no major crimes and should qualify for Mr. Obama 's non-deportation policies . Under those policies , the federal government has said it wants to focus its efforts on immigrants major criminal records or repeat-immigration law violators .
Arizona , with its strict immigration laws , has been a focus of the activists ' ire .
The Eloy facility is privately owned and has a contract with the government to hold immigrants awaiting deportation .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Livermore 's mysterious lightbulb burns 110 years LIVERMORE
Declared the oldest known working light bulb by Guinness Book of World Records and Ripley 's Believe-It-or-Not in 1972 , the centennial bulb hangs from the ceiling of Livermore Fire Station # 6 on Thursday Feb. 3 , 2011 , in Livermore , Ca . The light bulb was first switched on at fire department hose cart house on L Street in Livermore in 1901. less Declared the oldest known working light bulb by Guinness Book of World Records and Ripley 's Believe-It-or-Not in 1972 , the centennial bulb hangs from the ceiling of Livermore Fire Station # 6 on Thursday Feb. 3 , ... more Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Livermore 's mysterious lightbulb burns 110 years 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Some mysteries never dim with time . One of them is hanging from an electrical wire in Livermore .
At Livermore Fire Station No . 6 is a lightbulb that has not burned out in 110 years . Nobody , even in this golden age of technology , knows why . And no one wants to unscrew the bulb to find out .
`` It still gives that warm , comfy glow , '' said retired Livermore fire Division Chief Lynn Owens . `` In this transient modern world , this lightbulb is really something you can trust . And nobody knows the mystery of it . ''
The lightbulb is about 3 inches long and slightly rounder than a modern lightbulb . Inside the hand-blown glass is a jumble of carbon filament that radiates about 4 watts of soft orange light - about the strength of a nightlight .
Its workings may be a mystery , but it 's probably the most well-documented lightbulb in history . It was first installed in a Livermore firehouse on L Street in 1901 , replacing the kerosene lanterns that helped firefighters load hoses and shovels for night calls .
At the time , lightbulbs - at least practical ones that lasted more than 12 hours - had been around for only about 20 years .
Between 1901 and 1903 , the then-60-watt bulb was moved to a firehouse on Second Street , and then to a new station on First and McLeod streets .
For the next 71 years , the bulb languished in anonymity . No one seemed to notice that the bulb never made that telltale pop and fade to black . It was just always on .
But that changed in 1972 , when an intrepid cub reporter named Mike Dunstan at the Livermore Herald News cracked the story with a lengthy investigative piece suggesting Livermore 's glowing orb was possibly the oldest functional lightbulb on Earth .
The bulb became world-famous overnight . So when the old firehouse closed four years later , panic set in when it came time to unscrew the bulb and move it a mile away to the new firehouse on East Avenue .
The city 's chief electrician was called in to turn it off , gently unscrew it and place it in a special foam box . It was moved with full police and fire escort , and 2 1/2 minutes later , the electrician screwed it in at the new firehouse .
`` At first it did n't go on . There was a gasp from the crowd , '' Owens said . `` But then Frank ( the electrician ) , calm as can be , lightly tapped the switch and it came on again . ''
The bulb has been the subject of dozens of news stories , magazines , books and television shows . It 's featured in the Guinness Book of World Records and Ripley 's Believe It or Not .
Dubbed the Centennial Bulb , it is a wonder among engineers and advocates of energy-efficient lightbulbs .
It 's featured in a soon-to-be-released documentary , `` The Lightbulb Conspiracy , '' about the planned obsolescence of lightbulbs .
Double-decked tour buses often stop by the fire station for viewing . The guest book shows visitors from China , Germany , Fresno and beyond .
Despite its worldwide fame , the bulb has humble beginnings . It was created in the late 1800s by the Shelby Electric Co. in Shelby , Ohio , according to retired Sandia technician Steve Bunn , who 's devoted their retirement to studying the bulb .
A French inventor named Adolphe Chaillet held the patent , and the bulb 's secret probably died when they did .
Others have tried to decipher the mystery , however . Scientists - of which there are thousands around Livermore and its labs - have studied it for decades . Some , like David Tse , an electrical engineering professor at UC Berkeley , are skeptical .
`` It 's not possible . It 's a prank , '' they said curtly , slamming down the phone .
Henry Slonsky , an electrical engineering student at San Francisco State , was more open-minded .
`` It 's highly unlikely , but it 's possible if the bulb has a really strong vacuum , '' they said . `` And back then they did make everything way over the top . ''
The bulb made its way from Shelby to Livermore via Dennis Bernal , owner of the local power company . After they sold the company , they donated surplus bulbs to the Fire Department .
Generations of firefighters have relied on the bulb 's soft glow to guide them , from the days of horse-drawn carts to today 's giant engines .
`` We used to touch the bulb for good luck on our way to fires , '' said Owens , who worked alongside the bulb for 30 years . `` But all that came to a screeching halt when we realized the bulb 's significance . ''
Current firefighters swear they do n't sneak into the firehouse at night to change the bulb .
`` We 're the Fire Department . We 're very trustworthy , '' said firefighter Roy Andora . `` You trust us with your lives . You can trust us with a bulb . ''
Fans of the bulb have no doubt of the bulb 's power . They watch it on a 24-hour webcam at www.centennialbulb.org . They know it 's real .
`` I equate it with a pet rock or a hula hoop , '' said Dick Jones , a retired Sandia engineer who specializes in photographing the bulb . `` It 's just one of those things that people seem to like . ''
Livermore is planning a party June 18 for the bulb , assuming no one accidentally smashes it before then .
WhatsApp Share Email 283 Shares
It has been announced that the Dublin and Galway hurlers will play a one-off ‘ Super 11s Hurling ' match in Fenway , home of the Boston Redsox , in November . The AIG Fenway Hurling Classic will form part of an Irish Festival that weekend , which will also feature Boston College playing Notre Dame in American Football the day before .
It is an amazing opportunity to expose the sport to a new audience , at an historic home of American sport and the oldest Baseball ground in the MLB . Boston , a sports-mad city steeped in Irish culture , is the type of American city that would cherish a vibrant hurling culture .
However , the game will not be out and out hurling , as such , but rather ‘ Super 11s Hurling ' , a brainchild of the GPA . Super 11s Hurling is 11 aside . It has no points , only goals , as the nets are like in soccer . Also , there is no sliotar , rather a similar sized ball with no rims .
Most hurling purists would agree that hurling is perfect . So why would you change it when attempting to to market it to America ?
Hurling is unique . One of its appeals is that there is nothing else like it . Writing from experience , Americans , and many other non-Irish nationalities , do not share the same excitement when seeing Gaelic Football for the first time , because they have sports similar to it . It is nothing radically new .
The option between pucking a ball over the bar for one point , or shooting for a goal for three points is a feature that does not exist in American sports . In fact , it is amongst the greatest skills in our national sport . It has heralded some of the greatest moments hurling has ever seen : DJ Carey , Ciarán Carey , and Diarmuid O'Sullivan for example . So why remove it ?
The sliotar is a symbol of Irish sport . Replacing it with a similarly weighted luminous coloured ball without rims seems bizarre . It is a traditional icon , making hurling balls recognisable and distinguishable from all others . They also aid in the striking of a sideline cut . It is more difficult to get underneath the sliotar for a sideline if there are no rims . Super 11s is less likely to produce moments of magic like this :
Oh wait , they removed the point too , so even if you managed to hit a perfect sideline , you 'd would get nothing for it !
The 11 aside aspect is plausible , as it is pointed out by that the typical GAA pitch is far larger than other sports fields . Pitches such as American Football fields would not accommodate for a 15 aside hurling , and therefore 11 aside is more appropriate . Fair point .
But this has been happening anyway for a long number of years before the farcical notion of Super 11s Hurling was introduced . Simple logistics make this an obvious choice , and hurling clubs right across the United States have done this for years , due to playing area restrictions and playing numbers . It is nothing revolutionary ; it is common sense . There is no need to dress it up and call it a new sport .
This is an ideal opportunity to market hurling to a new audience , and grow the sport in the USA . In October 2013 , they had a similar venutre as Super 11s Hurling appeared at half-time in the college American Football game between Notre Dame and USC . Some of the country 's very best hurlers traveled to compete . It was a great exhibition , but what was the legacy ? Absolutely nothing . It was nothing more than a junket for those involved . Notre Dame did not have a hurling team before the tournament , and still do not have one to this day . They did not cater for any students at the college game who may have been interested in taking up this strange new sport . They played , upped sticks and left .
It is likely that the same will happen this time around in Boston . The appeal is obvious in shipping Joe Canning , Liam Rushe , and Co. over to Boston to attract the crowds , but as they already have the field in Boston for the day , could they not also let the local teams play perhaps as a curtain-raiser ? This would let the spectators know that there are teams in the area for any potential players . Also , it would be a massive boost for Boston hurling , rather than it simply coming across as a money-making racket . Pundit Arena has profiled GAA teams in the US playing in large stadia such as Texas and Montana . The sports and the recruitment of players are thriving in those areas .
Super 11s Hurling has the right intentions , but leave hurling as it is . The teams they are looking for Americans to set up or join are not Super 11s teams , they are hurling teams .
Dave Lewis , a New Jersey born hurler , told Pundit Arena of their dismay at the concept .
“ While yes this is a good opportunity to see the basics of the sport of Hurling in America on a large scale , it comes with negative connotations . The idea of creating a bastardized version of Hurling to fit an ‘ American mould ' is wrong as it inaccurately depicts the regulation games that hundreds of Americans have played in the United States since the 1850s . The use of baseballs and the loss of points takes away the cultural differences the sport has with other American sports and kind of insults those that have played the sport in America and Americans who are learning the game for the first time . ”
Chairman of the GPA Dónal Óg Cusack stated that “ This a truly wonderful opportunity for us to exhibit hurling at a high profile US sporting venue , and there is none more iconic than the home of the Red Sox . We believe that hurling ranks alongside the best sports in the world and the staging of this game in Fenway is part of our commitment to convey that message to a new and influential audience . ”
GAA Director General , Páraic Duffy stated that “ It will be occasioned to remember on November 22nd as two excellent teams from Dublin and Galway demonstrate the best skills of our games ”
As you acknowledge that hurling ranks among the “ best sports in the world ” , why not leave it as it is , and not remove any of the “ best skills of our game ” ? There are better ways to spread our games . There are better ways to use our resources . Showcase hurling for what it is ; hurling .
Brian Barry , Pundit Arena .
Note , not every poll shows Clinton with an advantage nearly that large . Yesterday , the latest Washington Post/ABC News poll found a far more competitive race , with the former Secretary of State leading by just four points , with Trump drawing support from GOP partisans – including many of those who believe he 's guilty of sexually assaulting women.Obviously , there 's a pretty significant difference between a 4-point race and an 11-point race , which is why averages help paint a broader picture . Polling aggregators now put Clinton 's lead between five and seven points . In the modern polling era , no candidate has ever overcome that kind of deficit in in an election 's closing weeks.Also of interest , the Wall Street Journal added , “ The clearest dividing line in this year 's presidential election now falls along educational lines : Whites without a college degree have consolidated behind Donald Trump and those with a four-year degree are tending to back Hillary Clinton. ” This is consistent across multiple surveys over the course of several months : the more formal education a voter has received , the more likely they or they are to support Clinton.The latest polling from individual states is similarly discouraging for Trump backers . Clinton appears to be pulling away in Virginia – reports last week suggested the Republican ticket is abandoning the commonwealth , seeing it as unwinnable – and in Florida , PPP 's latest found Clinton leading Trump by four points in a four-way contest . ( Her lead grows to five points in a head-to-head match-up . ) The news was slightly better for the GOP ticket in Indiana , where the latest Monmouth University poll showed Trump leading Clinton , 45 % to 41 % , in a four-way race . That said , given the state 's red-state status , and the fact that Indiana 's current governor is on the Republican ticket , Trump 's lead probably ought to be larger.As of this morning , the New York Times ' Upshot predictive model shows Clinton with a 90 % chance of winning the presidential election – that ties their best odds of the year – up sharply from their 70 % standing in late September . FiveThirtyEight has a few different forecast models , but they 're all roughly in line with the Times ' projection .
Welcome to another week of Rocksmith 2014 song reveals . As Paul Cross tweeted before , this week will have some classics . Looks like we are n't going too far back just yet , as the song revealed by facebook today , is REM 's iconic , 1991 hit , Losing My Religion .
This song is supposed to be played on a Mandolin , but Paul has assured us that they have that covered with the new and improved amp modelling in Rocksmith 2014 .
I remember I first heard this song because of Beverly Hills 90210 , not because of Weird Al Yankovich like everyone else , but because of an American Teen Soap Opera . I will never not associate this song with Brenda and Dylan 's break up…
Alright , so now that I 've shown how old I am here 's the music video !
What do you think the second song to be revealed this week is ? Let us know !
Nobody Knows What Money Is
When you ask experts from economists to bankers , ‘ what is money ? ' you do n't get the same answer . To paraphrase von Neumann : ‘ nobody knows what money is ' .
Money seems to be a self emergent phenomenon in a system of transactions as we move away from bartering . It represents not so much a thing in itself as an uncrystalised transaction path . You can use fancy physics metaphors quite a bit when talking about this . It 's like the uncollapsed quantum state of all possible transactions , where the ability of money to buy anything is as different from one-to-one barter as classical physics of concrete interaction between two particles is from Feynman 's idea of infinite paths .
But the concept of entropy seems to be particularly useful when looking at money and the two ideas share several features .
Like entropy , where there is no universal unit ( and no such thing as an entropy meter ) with money there is no such thing as a universal currency . Also , money is not so much a ‘ thing ' as something that exists because of a perceived value relationship when things move or change hands . In the same way , entropy is a relative measure , not an a priori thing but something that exists when there is an energy flow across an energy gradient .
If we look at entropy in terms of chemical/biological systems ( Jamie MacIntosh brought up Prigogine here , who is very relevant ) the earth as a whole is a good starting point to compare a biological eco-system with an economic one .
The earth as a biological system , is an open one where high energy photons ( lower entropy ) rain down from the sun and are re-emitted as lower energy infra-red ones ( higher entropy ) . In the middle , the energy flow creates a self-emergent bunch of low entropy structures ( life ) that maximise the rate of production of entropy . The net entropy of the system as a whole , i.e . the sun , earth and the space around them ( photons emitted minus low entropy biological structures ) increases over time , thus preserving the 2nd Law . Biological systems , like this , are examples of self-organised criticality i.e . things which are on the boundary between order and chaos in a system which is far from equilibrium ( Prigogine etc . ) .
An estimated 15 million of Americans have undiagnosed thyroid problems . To help with early detection and in some cases help you find lumps or enlargements in the neck that may point to a thyroid condition , you can perform a simple Neck Check self-exam . Here is a step-by-step guide .
STEP 5 If you do see any bulges or protrusions in this area , see your physician . You may have an enlarged thyroid gland or a thyroid nodule that should be checked to determine whether further evaluation is needed .
STEP 4 As you swallow , look at your neck . Check for any bulges or protrusions in this area when you swallow . Reminder : Do n't confuse the Adam 's apple with the thyroid gland . The thyroid gland is located further down on your neck , closer to the collarbone . You may want to repeat this process several times .
STEP 1 Hold the mirror in your hand , focusing on the lower front area of your neck , above the collarbones , and below the voice box ( larynx ) . Your thyroid gland is located in this area of your neck .
The thyroid gland is a small , butterfly-shaped gland located in the lower front of the neck , above the collarbones , and below the voice box ( larynx ) . Your thyroid gland makes hormones that help control the function of many of your body 's organs , including your heart , brain , liver , kidneys , and skin . Making sure that your thyroid gland is healthy is important to your body 's overall well-being .
Some patients who have an enlarged thyroid gland may also produce too much or too little thyroid hormone . Because many symptoms of thyroid imbalance may be hard to recognize and may be mistaken for symptoms caused by other conditions , the best way to know for sure about your thyroid health is to ask your doctor for a TSH ( thyroid-stimulating hormone ) test , a simple blood test that measures whether your thyroid gland is functioning normally . If you have a family member with thyroid disease , are over the age of 60 , or have any symptoms or risk factors associated with thyroid disease , you should talk to your doctor about getting a TSH test .
The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said Wednesday that the most serious national security crisis President Trump will face will be North Korea during their first term .
“ I can say that probably the most serious national security crisis this president is going to face is when the regime gets to the point of when it can miniaturize a nuclear device and put it on an intercontinental ballistic missile . That point will probably come during this four-year term of the president , ” Rep. Adam Schiff , D-Calif. , said in an interview on “ CBS This Morning . ”
“ That challenge is coming if something does n't change , ” they warned , adding that China is the key to this issue but even that may not be enough to deter North Korea .
The comments came after they were asked whether they could confirm a Bloomberg report that says analysts estimate that North Korea now has 10 to 25 nuclear weapons . Schiff said they could n't confirm the specifics because then he 'd be revealing classified information .
All of the U.S. military options are “ terrible , ” said Schiff , who also said that Mr. Trump is on “ very dangerous ground with all the saber-rattling. ” They warned the president to be very careful not to explicitly or even implicitly draw a red line when it comes to North Korea .
North Korea had tested a KN-17 missile over the weekend , CBS News national security correspondent David Martin reported Monday . The test failed , with the missile blowing up immediately , according to U.S. Pacific Command . The U.S. had been considering military options against North Korea because of its nuclear program .
As for the investigation into Russia 's meddling in the U.S. election , Schiff said that the Intelligence Committee is “ back on track ” after its chairperson , Rep. Devin Nunes , R-California , recused themselves from the probe due to ethics issues . Schiff said Wednesday that Nunes had “ cast a real cloud over the committee . ”
Schiff emphasized that they want to make sure that the panel try to do as much as it can in open session .
“ I do n't think we 'll have the public 's confidence if they have n't seen how we have proceeded with the investigation , so I 'm hoping that where we can , we do as much of this as possible in public , ” they said .
All six lanes of Austin Bluffs Parkway will be open to traffic by Nov. 30 , according to a revised schedule from the project contractor .
Lawrence Construction , the contractor for the $ 22.5 million Austin Bluffs Parkway , announced Sept. 25 its plan to have all Austin Bluffs Parkway lanes open to traffic between North Nevada Avenue and Union Boulevard by Nov. 30 . Final landscaping for the project will continue in spring 2015 .
Lawrence construction hopes to have the six-lane segment between Union Boulevard and Old Farm Road open by Dec. 2014 with final landscaping in spring 2015 .
The contractor had hoped to open the six lanes between North Nevada Avenue and Union Boulevard by Sept. 30 . Weather and utility service improvements were cited for the delay .
“ We appreciate your patience and understanding while progress continues on these much-needed improvements , ” Tracee Jackson , public information manager , Lawrence Construction , said . “ The Austin Bluffs Corridor Project is a critical component in solving east-west mobility issues that have impacted travelers for years . ”
The Austin Bluffs Parkway Corridor Project began June 17 , 2013 as a project of the Pikes Peak Regional Transportation Authority . PPRTA is a regional approach to transportation and transit created by the voters of Colorado Springs , Manitou Springs , El Paso County , and the towns of Green Mountain Falls and Ramah . PPRTA collects a 1 percent sales tax to fund transportation and transit improvements .
For more information about the Austin Bluffs project , call the project hotline ( 719 ) 337-2436 or visit www.austinbluffscorridor.com
Maurizio Arrivabene says it is sometimes necessary to show Ferrari is rallying around Kimi Raikkonen to get the best from him , branding them as 'very sensitive ' .
Having returned to the team with which they won the 2007 Formula 1 World Championship at the start of 2014 , Raikkonen endured a fraught comeback year , ending the season outside the overall top ten without a podium to theirs name .
Nonetheless , following an overhaul behind the scenes coming into 2015 , Raikkonen has come out fighting , culminating in their first podium since 2013 during the Bahrain Grand Prix .
Indeed , though Arrivabene says much of the outside publicity has been understandably trained on their race winning team-mate Sebastian Vettel , they say it is important to give 'sensitive ' Raikkonen similar attention internally to ensure they feel supported .
`` Seb in one way and Kimi in the other , they have different characters . Seb is kind of a strong guy , very committed , whereas Kimi needs to feel the support of the team around them - and especially the support of the team principal .
`` In Malaysia , I was talking with them after the practice , I said 'Kimi , if you are talking for nothing , expect me to react ' . Kimi likes this kind of relationship , where you talk straight to their face . He 's called 'The Iceman ' but , actually , there is part of the Iceman is a guy that needs you to , not a massage because they are quite strong , but is very sensitive .
`` If they feel that the team is around them and is pushing for them as it is pushing for Seb , Kimi can give us very good results . The new news in Ferrari is that we have a team now but we have two drivers - two very good drivers . ''
Congressman Earl Blumenauer looks more like Bill Nye the Science Guy than some tie-dyed , Cheech & Chong-loving marijuana activist . But the 67-year-old member of Oregon 's delegation to the U.S. House of Representatives is at the vanguard of the effort to change pot policy on a national scale .
Blumenauer is pro-pot for many of the same reasons other non-tokers are—though they note they would n't hesitate to use medical marijuana should they develop a qualifying condition . They believe that treating marijuana more like alcohol , and less like heroin , will lead to a more just society , a safer world for children , and a major economic opportunity for Oregon businesses .
We sat down with the member of congress to talk about their efforts to tug at Oregon 's loose thread of legalization and ultimately unravel the federal prohibition on pot .
Why he 's so focused on weed
It 's important . This is something that I have been working on literally for decades , but it has just exploded in the last three or four years . I did a lot of campaigning around the state for Measure 91 , but now we have an opportunity for Oregon to really help lead the way for the next round of marijuana reform . Measure 91 was the best proposal that has yet been offered to voters . And the [ Oregon Liquor Control Commission ] , the legislature , and the industry have been amazing in terms of how they 've approached it . I 'm very impressed . I 've been interested in making sure that we understand what 's going on , that we avoid unnecessary problems , and that the federal government does its job to allow this emerging industry to be able to function and to thrive .
How Oregon is leading the way
The smoother the rollout is here , [ the more ] it 's a signal for other states to use the same sort of deliberate effort . We have an opportunity in the next five years for this issue to ultimately be resolved . I 'm quite confident if Oregon is successful , if we do our job right , and the federal government allows the thousands of legal marijuana businesses that are in states that have over 200 million people , if they are able to be taxed fairly and pay that tax with a check , we 're halfway home .
On the dangers of all-cash businesses
And you probably know , under federal law , provision 280-E , legal marijuana businesses can not fully deduct all their business expenses , so they end up paying , two , three , four times the taxes they would as a normal business . It 's really hard for them to function and actually , punitive taxes discourage compliance . It 's just a vicious circle , and the insanity of forcing these legal businesses to be conducted on an all cash basis is an invitation to theft . I mean , every day there are people with shopping bags of cash , with backpacks of cash to pay their taxes , it 's ludicrous . It 's not fair . And if you care about protecting against robbery , it 's an invitation to have someone rob them . If you care about money laundering and theft , tax evasion , making them be all cash is probably the worst thing you could do .
Why prohibition does more harm than good
The failed policy of prohibition has not kept marijuana out of the hands of children . I 've never had anybody tell me that it was harder for their junior high daughter to get a joint than a six pack . Nobody checks the license . No ID . And it is an invitation to have thugs and cartels involve kids in other , more dangerous stuff . Also , the inequity , the racial injustice is outrageous . It has for years infuriated me . African American men who do n't use marijuana any more frequently than their white classmates are two , four , six , eight times more likely [ to go to prison ] . For a young black man , it ruins their life . So the racial injustice , the waste of money . I am confident that once we get this right it will be over $ 100 billion in a decade , and it could be much more than that . That will shift from spending money on a failed prohibition policy to regulating and taxes that we collect . It 's going to be huge . And I think it 's an opportunity to have a more rational conversation about drug use and drug abuse . The head of DEA [ once ] sat across the table from me as a witness in a congressional hearing and could n't answer my questions , `` Are you telling me , sir , that marijuana is really more dangerous than meth ? How many people have died from a marijuana overdose ? '' We 'll be able to be more honest and effective . Because kids should n't have it , pregnant women should n't use it , people should know what they are getting into . And we can focus with enforcement and with money that we raise and money that we save to be able to deal with treatment .
Reaping the economic benefits
It 's going to be a huge economic boost for Oregon . We can be the Napa Valley or the Willamette Valley of pinot for cannabis . We have some of the finest growing conditions and we have a worldwide reputation already . There 's advertising , there 's product , there 's people that work with them . I think it can really revitalize a damaged rural economy in a way that can be sustainable . I think over the long haul , few counties will opt out . I think the public supports it ... I 'm perfectly content to let it play out . But I think in five years , it wo n't be an issue .
Image caption Hubble 's pictures reveal an unusual `` X-shape '' to the debris field
The dusty wreckage thrown out in the explosive collision of two asteroids has been pictured by spacecraft .
The debris stretches for hundreds of thousands of kilometres .
US and European scientists tell the journal Nature that a remnant rock about 120m in size sits at the head of this shattered stream of material .
Their investigations using the powerful imaging equipment on the Hubble telescope and the Rosetta probe suggest the pile-up occurred in early 2009 .
Colin Snodgrass from the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research , Katlenburg-Lindau , Germany , worked on the Rosetta data .
They said the event offered a unique observing opportunity for researchers studying the Solar System .
`` If you look at the literature on 'recent ' asteroid collisions , they tend to talk about things occurring in the past million years or so - that 's recent on geological timescales . But on the timescales involved in this event , we 're really catching it in the moment of happening , '' they told BBC News .
The collision occurred beyond the orbit of Mars , hundreds of millions of km from Earth .
Unified conclusions
Two groups working independently studied the impact , and their findings are in strong agreement .
Initially , they thought they were looking at a comet which produces a characteristic trail of material as the ices that make up most of its body boil off in sunlight .
But when the researchers looked closer at their subject , they discovered some very un-comet-like features . The object , dubbed P/2010 A2 , did not have the shroud , or coma , of gases enveloping its main body ; nor was it moving in a direction expected of a comet in that part of the Solar System .
It was down to Hubble and Rosetta to reveal the object 's true nature - a large rock followed by a wide band of debris blasted off its surface by the impact of a much smaller object that was itself most probably vaporised in the impact .
The two spacecraft brought different perspectives to the research given their widely separated viewing positions .
Hubble is sited in orbit around the Earth and can see some exceptionally fine detail ; Rosetta , on the other hand , is positioned between Mars and Jupiter and can see aspects of the object 's geometry that are beyond home-based observatories , revealing the debris stream 's overall shape and angle .
Modelling the patterns in the dusty wreckage leads the scientists to the conclusion that the collision probably occurred sometime in February or March 2009 .
Image caption Rosetta reveals the debris stream 's overall shape and angle .
David Jewitt , of the University of California , Los Angeles , led the Hubble group .
They said the research provided new insights into how asteroids behaved when they smashed into each other , and how the fall-out from these impacts contributed to the dust that pervades the Solar System .
`` These observations are important because we need to know where the dust in the Solar System comes from , and how much of it comes from colliding asteroids as opposed to 'outgassing ' comets , '' they explained .
`` We can also apply this knowledge to the dusty debris discs around other stars , because these are thought to be produced by collisions between unseen bodies in the discs . Knowing how the dust was produced will yield clues about those invisible bodies . ''
Dr Jewitt said the smaller impactor was probably about three to five metres wide , and they calculated the pair likely collided at high speed , at about 18,000km/h .
This encounter was as powerful as the detonation of a small atomic bomb , the UCLA scientist noted .
The pressure of sunlight is now pushing the debris away from the remnant rock . If the material in this tail were brought together , it would make a ball 20m wide , Dr Jewitt suggested .
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET @ bbc.co.uk
SCP-215
Item # : SCP-215
Object Class : Safe
Special Containment Procedures : SCP-215 presents no threat unless worn , and so shall be kept in Dr. Naamdi 's office until studies are concluded . SCP-215 is to be kept in its case when not in use , so as to prevent scratches to the lenses .
Description : SCP-215 is a pair of prescription glasses designed to correct myopic vision . When worn , SCP-215 induces a belief in the wearer that inanimate objects are sentient and capable of communication with the wearer . The severity of this delusion varies from wearer to wearer , but generally strengthens over time if SCP-215 is worn regularly , and in the worst cases manifests as a severe case of obsessive-compulsive disorder , culminating in an irrational fear of all machines .
There is no definite `` safe '' amount of time to wear SCP-215 ; while the onset of delusions generally takes at least twenty-four ( 24 ) hours , a great deal depends on the psychological disposition of the wearer before SCP-215 is put on , and persons who already have some varieties of obsessive-compulsive , synesthesiac , or technophiliac disorders have been known to begin suffering SCP-215 's effects less than an hour after donning it .
Removing SCP-215 does not remove the delusion , although normal methods of therapy have proven to be effective in less severe cases so long as SCP-215 is not put on again ; a full recovery can turn to a full relapse in less than a day by the return of SCP-215 . By the end of the second week , wearers tend to violently resist any attempt to separate them from SCP-215 .
Case Study 215-99983-D
99983-D displayed a typical progression of SCP-215-related symptoms . The subject had no record of mental illness before the commencement of the test .
Week 1 , Day 1 : 99983-D is given a temporary position as a research assistant to Dr. Naamdi and is issued SCP-215 to replace a pair of their own spectacles that were destroyed by Foundation personnel . Subject complained that SCP-215 did n't match their old prescription , and stated that they were suffering from blurry vision and headaches by the end of the day .
Week 1 , Day 3 : Subject stopped complaining of blurred vision and began referring to SCP-215 as `` Steve . '' Subject stated that `` Steve and I get along alright ; it 's not exactly a match made in heaven , but we get by . '' Subject did not assign names or personalities to any object besides SCP-215 .
Week 1 , Day 6 : Subject began to assign personalities to complex electrical and mechanical devices that they regularly interacted with , including the computer that they logged data entries in , the breakroom coffee machine , refrigerator , microwave , and a PDA they were issued by Dr. Naamdi . Most interactions involved complaining about the general uncooperative behavior of these devices .
Week 2 , Day 1 : Subject began having prolonged conversations with the asupervisorstioned mechanical and electrical devices , giving all of them names and sometimes speaking of them in personal terms with other Foundation personnel , almost always to the effect that the devices were somehow antagonistic . Subject reported that while they could not `` hear '' the machines speaking , their `` body language '' was very clear .
Week 2 , Day 5 : Subject began assigning personal qualities to less complex objects in their work environment , starting with their office supplies .
Week 2 , Day 7 : Subject began minimizing interactions with living people and talked almost constantly to their inanimate `` companions . '' Discussions with staff psychologists indicated a sophisticated web of relationships between 99983-D and the objects .
Week 3 , Day 3 : Subject had a violent altercation with the breakroom microwave after a burrito came out of it underdone . Subject reportedly cursed and shouted at the machine before attempting to destroy it with a breakroom chair . Subject was restrained and subdued , and later apologized for their behavior to the microwave and the chair .
Week 3 , Day 6 : Subject began personifying set-pieces in their environment , referring to floor tiles and ceiling lights as people . Subject would stop to thank each inanimate object they interacted with ( including each individual floor tile ) for permitting them to use it .
Week 4 , Day 2 : Subject began displaying signs of stress when asked to interact with any complex electrical or mechanical appliance , claiming that the machines had become hostile and threatening . Mechanical failures or faulty performances by any machines in 99983-D 's presence were interpreted as signs of impending rebellion .
Week 4 , Day 3 : Subject refused to come to work . Their PDA had been smashed ; 99983-D claimed it was an act of self-defense . After being coerced into coming into the office , the subject began screaming and showing other signs of acute stress at the sight of their computer , which was turned off at the time . They attempted to force their way past the security guards at the door and had to be sedated .
Week 4 , Day 5 : Subject destroyed their table lamp , alarm clock , watch , and ceiling fan . Afterwards , they refused to come out of their room . When Foundation personnel forced their way into their cell , they found them dead , with severe burns on their hands and arms . They are presumed to have been fatally electrocuted while attempting to disable an electrical outlet in the room .
Addendum : I have been asked many times now if SCP-215 enables the wearer to actually interact with machines in any meaningful way differently from how normal people do it , and I 'm pretty confident the answer is `` no . '' I 've done every test I can think of , and all the evidence I 've seen suggests that the `` living '' machines only exist in the wearer 's head . There are things in this Foundation that can make what you believe real , but this is n't one of them . -Dr. Naamdi
We have over 14,000 shops in our database , it 's the largest collection of brick and mortar vapor shops in the United States and Canada . To find a vapor shop near you , you can enter your city , state , zip code , a street address , or even a fairly unique landmark , into the search box at the top of the page . Feel free to help make this directory more useful by reviewing shops you 've checked out in real life . The more reviews posted , the easier it will be for you to find a legit vape shop near you when you 're in a new part of the country .
UPDATE ( 10/29/2015 ) : I 've had quite a few requests to add Canadian vapor shops , so we added them all . Our database now contains over 1,000 Canadian vape shops .
UPDATE ( 10/20/2019 ) : In an attempt to give you a better idea of which shops are worth checking out in your area , we 've added yelp , yp.com , and google ratings to our system . On the search results and vape shop pages , you 'll see what vapers on those services think about the vape shops in our directory . We hope that helps you find the best vape shops near you , no matter where you are .
If you own or manage a vapor shop , click here to find instructions on how to claim your listing for free . Once you claim your listing , you can update your shop 's contact info , vapor shop hours , description , and images .
VAPERS : If you ca n't find a shop you love , feel free to add it . If you do n't want to create an account , just send us a link to the vape shop 's website , facebook , or yelp page , and we 'll add it for you . We 'd like to have every vapor shop listed in our directory .
We 've spent a lot of time gathering shop data and entering it , but accidents happen . If you see duplicates of the same shop , or you see a shop that 's no longer in business , please let us know .
`` Wise beyond their years '' does n't begin to describe Carson Huey-You . The 11-year-old is the youngest student ever to attend Texas Christian University , NBC5 in Dallas reports in the segment above .
Carson , who plans to become a quantum physicist , is taking calculus , physics , history and religion in their first semester , the station notes . Given that they were devouring chapter books by age 2 and attending high school by age 5 , the boy genius might reach their goal of a PhD before age 20 .
Their mother takes them to class at the Forth Worth campus . `` I 've actually managed to make a few friends here , '' they told the station .
According to TCU360 , Carson had an impressive admission interview to augment their 1770 SAT score . They spoke Mandarin and played Beethoven on the piano .
“ [ Carson ] is at a place that will genuinely care about them as a person , ” Dean of Admission Ray Brown said to 360 .
The family has another prodigy in the making , 360 mentioned . Claretta and Andre , the parents , told the university outlet that Carson 's 7-year-old brother , Cannan , is already doing schoolwork at an eighth-grade level .
Note taking skills are n't just automatic . We tell students “ take notes ” but they have no idea what that means . What makes “ good notes. ” What do they write down ? How should notes look ?
Ever since I went through the Writing Across the Curriculum Course at my school I realized the tremendous gap between “ writing ” as we 've taught it traditionally and 21st century writing skills . That frustration threw me into research about how to teach writing in my classroom ( all of that research was then put into my new book Reinventing Writing — just because I could n't find the book I needed when I was struggling with teaching writing in the digital age . )
Now I have a new frustration that has me grappling with noteaking . I do n't just take my students into full blown digital notetaking as I discuss in Reinventing Writing . If they do n't have basic notetaking skills down in an analog way adding a new technology AND teaching how to take notes at the same time is too much .
So , now , I 'm taking the approach of helping students master analog notetaking . This is for several reasons the first is just to teach the analog notetaking skills they need but secondly , I 'm full out an IN-FLIP classroom . When I 'm teaching concepts on the computer or anything point and click , I always do it with videos embedded in our LMS – Haiku Learning .
A note about In-Flip : The kids love it . The other day I took a poll and said — everyone goes to the left side of the room who prefers that I teach this stuff from the board like I used to . Go to the right side of the room if you prefer the videos . The left side of the room had no one but the dust bunny and a cricket there . For more , listen to the discussion I had with Jon Bergmann at ISTE about it )
I want to know what they are getting out of the videos and if they are pulling out the essential questions I 'm giving them . Until I know that they understand how to pull out the important points , I 'm checking their notes every single day . ( And do n't for one second think that my class is all videos – we have LOTS of face to face interaction – just not for certain things . )
So , here are some of the essential notetaking skills I 've taught them so far .
Cornell Notetaking System
My favorite Cornell notetaking video is by Jennifer DesRochers . Students watch this one and set up their Cornell system on paper . I then have several lessons where students JUST using the Cornell system . I check to make sure they have summaries at the bottom of the notes , headings at the top , and that they are pulling essential points out .
This method is THE SINGLE MOST important reason ( besides studying myself blind ) that I graduated first in my class from Georgia Tech . I could n't have processed the high volume of notes without it and it is a critical method .
If you do n't believe me , look at student notes . Many of them have no dates , no topic , no teacher class information at the top . We can do better .
Visual Notetaking
At this point it is likely that your students are just using words in their notes . We want them DRAWING . Why ? So they can use all parts of their brain . Using symbols and notes and such can help connect ideas in powerful ways . So , at this point , I take my students on a visual notetaking journey . We leave Cornell except for the heading with the date , class , topic , and teacher 's name .
Also , if you want to dig deeper , Wes Fryer 's blog post about Visual Notetaking is a Must-Read .
Step 1 : Visual Notetaking Bellringer
I have a bellringer that I use with this and will share snippets so you can adapt it . ( I do n't want to put the full one here because the digital notes I used under fair use and you 'll need to find and paste your own into your bellringer . )
The following are 3 sets of visual notes . As you look at these notes with your partners and look at these examples , fill in your answers to the questions on the back of this page .
So , students are looking at 3 examples of visual notetaking . For full impact , find 3 examples of visual notes taken related to your subject ( perhaps even the topic at hand . ) These should be in color if possible . Have students discuss in their small groups and then discuss as a group .
Questions to Ask As Students Look at Visual Notetaking Examples
All three examples use a strategy called “ visual notetaking ” – looking at these examples ( and what is shared in them ) how would you define visual notetaking ? What are some advantages of using visuals in your personal notetaking system ? How could you use visual notetaking as part of the Cornell system you 've already learned ? What are some drawbacks of visual notetaking ?
Then , after we 've discussed visual notetaking from observing samples , we 'll dive deeper .
Step 2 : Introduction to Visual Notetaking
This first video I have students watch and take notes any way they want . I like this video because it is showing visual notetaking as it is talking about it . Again , stress to students you do n't have to be an incredible artist to make this work and not to get hung up on details .
Step 3 : How Can Visual Notetaking Be Used in Class ?
In this second video , I have students watch the video and take visual notes for the whole thing . They can stop the video but for only up to 1 minute . I do n't want them sidetracked or delayed . I also want them to see how visual notes can be used in a classroom setting . I liked Rachel Smith 's approach in this video .
I follow up later with why we use visual notes and a little bit about the left brain being a center for logic and procedures and the right being a place for creativity and social intelligence . I also talk about how we all use all of our brain even though we have strengths but when we learn and use more of our brain it makes it easy to remember .
Then , I have students using the Cornell system WITH visual notetaking .
How I 'm applying Visual Notetaking in my Own Life
I 'm now doing visual goalsetting — I take my goals and turn it into a one page graphic drawing that helps me picture who I am and who I want to be . I 'm also visually noting the books I read on one page and putting that page in Evernote . That makes it more readable .
When my students move to electronic notetaking and find that some tools ( particularly on the ipad ) have some of the visual notetaking tools built right in – they 're going to be excited .
Other Concepts We Will Cover in Our Notetaking Journey
Mindmapping
Bullet Journaling
Notetaking Cues for Live Lectures ( See this article for what I mean )
the Charting Method
When students get into electronic notetaking I 'll teach them the PREPS system I share in Reinventing Writing .
Analog Notetaking Mastery Before Going Digital
So , while I will have this year 's students at the level of notetaking prowess and using the full blown PREPS system that I share in Reinventing Writing before Christmas , I 'm just finding that I need to shore up the basics . If students know WHY they take notes ( the reinforcement of writing down the words helps put a nudge to the brain that this is important – and for recall later ) and HOW to take notes – they 'll be better able to become engineers of their own personal learning system .
In the end , I want each student to have their own system of personal notetaking that is a combination of the best . I want them to be fluent on paper and electronically .
But this is definitely a progression of skills and best taught in small bites integrated with the content that I 'm teaching . So , we learn a new technique about every week and a half .
What do you think should be included ?
So , while this is on my mind ( and now on some of yours ) will you take time to share the essential things you think should be taught in an analog way ( on paper ) before taking students into a full blown digital notebook ?
Pin 4 17 Shares
After my break from taking street photos recently I 've been a bit hesitant to get back into the action . Partially this was due to the end of term and an increase in work ( as well as doing some WordPress development on the side too ) , but also because I found myself wondering what the point was anyway .
I had noticed a lot more “ street ” photographers around Krakow recently ( maybe Krakow is getting a reputation ? ) and in some cases I noticed they were in some locations I went to a fair bit . Of course I tried to picture their images and work out if they 'd be good or not . While you can never fully tell unless you look down someone 's lens , I think I had a fair feeling of what they were taking pictures of and so I ( of course ) passed judgment and suspected they were n't that great .
The trouble was , when I started to think about why they probably were n't great , I realised these are factors that are usually present in my own images . That started to make me think about what makes a photo “ bad ” and why I do n't think the majority of my images are good ( and in contrast what I think makes for a good street photography image ) .
What makes a Bad street photo ?
Just another person walking
I heard someone mention this on a podcast ( on taking pictures ? ) recently and it really struck me . How many street photos are “ just a person walking along ” . Sure , maybe they have an interesting hat , or maybe they are in a nice geometric shape within the frame…but that 's it .
While there is nothing wrong with pictures of people walking along and some great images have been taking of “ just another person walking ” , but usually there is something more .
Someone on their phone
Oh dear…just no . There is nothing interesting about someone on their phone . Especially as they are probably standing still next to a wall . There are a few good pictures of people on their phones but almost always It 's when they are with someone else and the other person is n't on their phone OR because there phone is distracting them from something else important in frame . These are really rare though .
People on benches or at a cafe table
Again a dime a dozen and usually just someone trying to eat or about to eat . They often are n't doing anything and are n't that great . Again , there are exceptions but this is a good rule of thumb .
Why are they bad ?
These bad images all share a few commonalities and they often hold the key to what makes for a bad image . I believe that can be summed up in the statement
They are too ordinary and lack emotion .
Another person walking is just that , another person . A bit of interesting light or a colourful character ( with an outfit to match ) can liven things up a bit , but only a bit . Likewise being on a phone lends itself to looking pretty blank and gormless . Their limbs are tucked in as well which prevents any interesting action or sign of emotion . I think there can be a beauty in using ordinary things and “ boring ” things to reveal a hidden story , but these rely on several images in a series ( usually ) and so a single image fails .
What makes a great street photo ?
If I 'm right about the lack of emotion and plainness in bad photos , good street photos require something special and some emotion . So how can we get those in our images ? Well…here are some ideas
visual effects
A classic element in street photography are strange visual effects , where a line from a road meets a bow in someone 's clothes , or someone stands behind a manikin without a head and so it looks like the mankin has their head .
Sometimes these visual effects can be overdone , and they can be a bit like “ one liner jokes ” ( as in , you 've heard this one before ) but a clever visual effect can help .
Strange perspectives
By using a strange perspective , one that we would not naturally go to ( for example for down low , above , at a strange angle or simple from a place you would n't normally be ) can help create amazing images . These are n't things that we 'd see everyday and so stand out more .
Out of place items
Sometimes we can find unexpected items . Things which “ do n't belong ” or look out of place . These can turn an ordinary location into something very interesting .
Hand actions
A good hand action can add a lot to a photo . Hands static by your side are usually boring , but hands touching some part of your clothes or gesturing to someone help improve an image a lot .
The eyes
“ The eyes are the window to the soul ”
So they say , and for good reason . Eyes ( and the eyelids around them ) carry a lot of character . Even having your eyes closed can help elicit emotion . Noticing and focusing on someone 's eyes can really add emotion . It 's also one of the reasons that ( in general ) backs are boring .
The lips
Like the eyes , lips and the mouth add a lot of emotion too . A smile or grimace conveys a lot of feeling and emotion . Looking for interesting mouth shapes in people .
Go to emotional locations
Obviously , if you want emotions , then you should go to an “ emotional ” location . Some places are more likely to have emotional moments , for example , places where you travel where people might experience
excitement
fear
love
heartbreak
And more . Likewise , other locations tend towards being more dull and plain . For example where you update your car licence . Now you might want a photo featuring boring items…but if you want emotion , it 's better to go where emotions will be high .
What do you think makes a good street photo
Of course , there are other elements that can make for a good photo and these are , well , like just my opinion man and it is n't a complete list of elements that make a good street photo . I 'd love to know what you think makes a good street photo .
[ bonus note , I 'm not saying these photos are good , but they contain elements that can help make a good photo and they are generally better than “ just walking ” photos in my opinion . ]
Also published on Medium .
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen has confirmed to Congress that illegal immigrants granted amnesty under President Obama 's new programs could claim back refunds even when they never filed returns to pay their taxes in the first place .
Sen. Chuck Grassley , who had pressed Mr. Koskinen over the issue , released written responses Wednesday in which the commissioner admitted he 'd botched the question earlier and , in fact , illegal immigrants granted the amnesty will now be able to claim refunds on tax returns they never even filed , thanks to the Earned Income Tax Credit .
“ To clarify my earlier comments on EITC , not only can an individual amend a prior year return to claim EITC , but an individual who did not file a prior year return may file a return and claim EITC ( subject to refund limitations under section 6511 of the Internal Revenue Code ) , ” Mr. Koskinen said .
They insisted , however , that they doubt many illegal immigrants will take advantage of the loophole because they would have to be able to prove their earnings for those years they never filed returns .
“ Filers would have to reconstruct earnings and other records for years when they were not able to work on the books , ” they said .
Taxpayers must have Social Security numbers in order to claim the EITC , and illegal immigrants are n't supposed to have numbers . But Mr. Obama 's new deportation amnesty grants illegal immigrants work permits , which are then used to obtain Social Security numbers .
IRS lawyers have ruled that once illegal immigrants get numbers , they can go back and refile for up to three previous years ' taxes and claim refunds even for time they were working illegally .
The lawyers said since the EITC is a refundable credit , that 's allowed even when the illegal immigrants worked off the books and never paid taxes in the first place .
“ Section 32 of the Internal Revenue Code requires an SSN on the return , but a taxpayer claiming the EITC is not required to have an SSN before the close of the year for which the EITC is claimed , ” Mr. Koskinen said . “ At your request , the IRS has reviewed the relevant statutes and legislative history , and we believe that the 2000 Chief Counsel Advice ( CCA ) on this issue is correct . ”
Mr. Koskinen had initially said illegal immigrants could claim refunds , but only for years they 'd filed returns and presumably had paid some taxes .
Most of Mr. Obama 's amnesty is on hold after federal courts ruled they likely broke the law by acting on their own without Congress ‘ approval and without putting their policy out for public review and comment .
But a 2012 policy that applies to so-called Dreamers , or young adult illegal immigrants brought to the U.S. as children , is in effect .
Homeland Security has approved 664,607 initial applications for Dreamers , and approved another 243,872 renewals over the last year , extending the initial two-year amnesty for another two years .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Quote I am creating this topic as instructed my Rachel R at Blizzard whom I have been in contact with regarding Bliizzard releasing native clients for Linux .
My petition on change.org now has over 1,300 signatures and continues to grow each and every week . You may check it out at : https : //www.change.org/p/blizzard-entertainment-support-please-release-native-linux-clients
To any devs at Blizzard , please release Linux clients . If you are not skill full enough to program for Linux then simply ask the community for help . The community helped Valve 3 years ago when they were coming to Linux and I am sure the community would be willing to help Blizzard , especially since this request has been going on for 10 years now .
Thank you .
I have been hesitant to cover things like petitions and forum posts in the past , especially for Blizzard , but now seems like the best time to really get them to listen to us.There is currently a petition going to get Blizzard to release Linux client for their games , but Blizzard actually replied to it and asked the owner to create a forum post on their official forum , so they did , and it is gaining some real traction right now.The original post is here to explain it : That forum post , now has 9 pages/172 replies rallying support for Linux version of Blizzard games , and with a push from us here maybe we can not only make it truly massive , but help get a better official response.Unless we show them much bigger numbers , it is still doubtful they will support us official . So let 's get it moving shall we GOL readers ? I still maintain my stance that a petition has never given us Linux support for a game , ever . Forum posts directly to developers however do get much better responses , not sure why , but they do.Personally , I own Starcraft II , but do n't play it due to it causing hard-crashes in Wine in specific parts , and I would happily buy all future expansions if it came to Linux natively .
Dragon Fantasy Book 2 , the sequel to Muteki Corp 's first classic role-playing adventure , will introduce online multiplayer mode to the series , creator Adam Rippon told Polygon .
During a demo played at E3 earlier today , Rippon said the game 's multiplayer mode will be online-only and allow players to drop in and drop out similar to local multiplayer in 1993 's role-playing game The Secret of Mana . Players will be able to jump into another player 's game and replace the AI of one of protagonist Odgren 's companions .
Unlike its 8-bit predecessor , Book 2 is a new 16-bit game that picks up where the first game left off . Rippon said they plan to evolve the graphics as they evolve the series , creating each game 's visuals in the style of a different era of role-playing games . Book 3 , they said , will look similar to the blocky style of Final Fantasy 7 on the PSOne .
This time around , battles are persistant . Instead of shifting out of the action to focus on the enemy , encounters will occur as players walk through the world and will be carried out without leaving the map . Players can approach enemies and attack first , or be attacked . The battle system is also now spatial-based in a style similar to Chrono Trigger 's system .
Muteki Corp. has added sea transport and a Monster Hunter-esque monster capturing system to Book 2 . Players can command their ship across a wide open sea , as well as engage in naval combat with other ships . Players will throw rock monsters — one of the game 's quirky creatures — onto enemy vessels , where they will explode and deal damage . Monsters can be hunted down and captured with nets , after which they can be recruited into your party .
`` A huge part of making Dragon Fantasy Book 1 was finding the scope to work in — 8-bit is a smaller scope , but it 's also much more possible for a small team [ like Muteki ] , '' they said . `` With Book 2 we 're shooting a little higher and we 're building up a higher fidelity experience that 's still pretty simple .
`` We 've actually been working on the Dragon Fantasy serues for a while , '' they added . `` A lot of the assets we use in Book 2 we made over a decade ago , in 1995 . '' Muteki has since polished them and prepped them for launch on Sony 's platforms .
Dragon Fantasy Book 2 will launch on PlayStation 3 and PS Vita later this year . Dragon Fantasy Book 1 , which was originall released in 2011 for iOS , launched on PlayStation Network for PS3 and Vita in April .
Needing just 10 points to pass Shaquille O'Neal on the all-time NBA scoring list , Dirk Nowitzki got it out of the way early . Shortly into the second quarter against the Brooklyn Nets , Dirk splashed home a well-defended jumper , nudging The Big Aristotle down to seventh .
Later , Dirk would also hit the game-winning shot , but naturally the talk post-game centered around this tremendous accomplishment . For Dirk , it was a moment he 'd `` never forget for the rest of ( his ) life '' and it was `` surreal , passing Shaq , an all-time great , legend . '' Indeed , it 's a pretty astonishing feat for anyone that remembers just how dominant and larger than life -- almost literally ! -- Shaq was .
But did you know Shaq and Dirk almost swapped jerseys ?
Yes , back in 2004 , no less , when O'Neal was still close to the height of their powers and Dirk was a younger , less playoff-proven 26-year old .
It was no secret that O'Neal 's time in Los Angeles was wrapping up . A long feud with Kobe Bryant had reached its apex , and following the Lakers ' dismantling at the hands of the Detroit Pistons in the 2004 Finals , Shaq had requested a trade and GM Mitch Kupchak was searching far and wide for a taker .
Shaq 's interior presence would have completely changed the profile of the team , who under Don Nelson played a finesse , smallball game and were beaten up by bigger teams in the paint , but Dallas had just lost in the first round . Cuban and O'Neal were very friendly off the court and Shaq had ties to the area . Even Shaq 's wife was publicly lobbying for the move , saying `` Right now , I 'd love to go to Dallas '' on national television .
It was perfect .
Except the Lakers wanted Dirk Nowitzki , the exciting scorer who was undoubtedly an All-Star but had their share of detractors . In the era before the 3-point revolution where floor-spacing was n't as coveted and an old-school mentality still permeated the league , plenty of fans and even executives thought that Dirk 's game was too soft to bring home a trophy .
Perhaps the NBA 's loudest `` fan '' -- ESPN Page 2 columnist Bill Simmons -- opined that a lineup with Nash , Finley , Josh Howard , Antawn Jamison and Shaq would win the title , hands down , in this exclamation point-laden spiel :
I mean , is n't the point of having an NBA team to win the title ? Why lock into winning 55 games a year and losing every May ? Why even have a team then ? If I were a Dallas fan right now , and the Mavs allowed Nash to leave after Cuban overpaid everyone else on the roster by 50 percent , then they refused to trade Nowitzki and Walker for Angry Shaq , I 'm not sure what I would do . Angry Shaq , Jamison , Nash , Finley , Daniels , Howard and Najera ... that team wins the title ! It wins the freaking title ! There 's no question about it ! Is n't that the whole point of having a team ? ! ? ! ? !
So how close was this was trade really to going down ?
Well , like I said , the Lakers wanted Dirk Nowitzki . Cuban stood by Dirk , saying that they were `` as close to untouchable as we 'd get . '' In the end , a deal did n't materialize , though Dallas did shake things up considerably by trading Jamison and Antoine Walker for Jason Terry and the draft pick that would become Devin Harris , who replaced the departed Steve Nash . Shaq went to Miami , and the decision by Cuban obviously became a topic of discussion again when Shaq and the Heat met the Mavs in the Finals less than two years later .
It would have been weird to imagine Shaq in a Mavericks uniform , but I do n't think I can put my finger on the right word to describe the feeling of seeing Dirk in Lakers ' purple and gold . Nauseating , probably . Looking back on it now , I have two thoughts :
1 . Thank God they did n't do it .
2 . Simmons , and many others who shared their viewpoint , were wrong . As great as Shaq was , they are n't healthy enough to be the best player on a title team any more ( and this was something I suspected while they were still a Laker ) . While there 's no need to dwell on the 2006 Finals once again , the Heat won first , second and thirdly on back of Dwyane Wade , a superstar-in-the-making whose arrival was even more fortuitous than O'Neal 's .
Hard decisions can seem much less so with the benefit of hindsight , but I suspect choosing Dirk over Shaq was not that easy for Mark Cuban . A risk-taker who adores the spotlight shining on their team and their product , the fanfare that would have followed Shaq must have been tempting . In the end , their loyalty to Dirk won the day , and that 's something that has become a defining story for both men , as Nowitzki finishes out their career with the same team , turning down millions in the process .
And 20,000-plus points and a ( slightly belated ) championship later , Dirk is still here . Merry Christmas , indeed .
India 's Manushi Chillar on Saturday was crowned Miss World 2017 in China . The 21-year-old beauty queen , who hails from Haryana , earned the new glory during the beauty pageant held at the Sanya City Arena in China .
Among those who congratulated were Prime Minister Narendra Modi , President Ram Nath Kovind , Maharashtra chief minister , Devendra Fadnavis , Bollywood actors Amitabh Bachchan , Priyanka Chopra and Sushmita Sen. Priyanka had won this title in 2000 .
However , just when some users on social media joked that the supporters of Modi will soon take credit the prime minister with Chhillar 's crowning glory , they were n't disappointed . Some BJP supporters indeed took to social media to claim that Chhillar 's success was only possible because India now had a ‘ strong prime minister . '
So now Bhakts give credit to Modi for the Miss World crown to Ms Marushi Chhillar .
Illiterate bhakts have no respect for women & the hard work which goes into preparation for such an event .
Three cheers to women power ! !
? pic.twitter.com/preGM5AliE — K. Chandrakumar ( @ kurup62 ) November 19 , 2017
These Facebook users were n't the only individuals praising Modi for Chhillar 's success at a beauty contest . There were many on Twitter , who implied that Modi was responsible for an Indian finally winning the Miss World contest after 17 years .
पहले world bank को , फिर IMF उसके बाद MOODY को खरीदने के बाद MODI ने Miss World अवार्ड भी खरीद लिया 17 साल बाद , ,
विरोधियो सूजी हे क्या , ? ?
Gm ? — Jasleen Kaur ( @ _kaur_jasleen ) November 19 , 2017
Does India really deserve Miss World title when farmers are committing suicide ? Who is Modi trying to fool ? And why are they wasting money to buy these awards ? — Eminent Intellectual ( @ padhalikha ) November 18 , 2017
India got the Miss World & Moody Rating Upgrade Last time during Vajpayee Govt & Now during Modi Govt . Yeh hai # AccheDin # Pidis libtards economists intellectuals morons @ INCIndia — Ashok Singh ? ? ( @ TheAshokSingh ) November 18 , 2017
And if this was n't enough , a doctored video of chanting of ‘ Modi , Modi ' soon after Chhillar 's name was announced too was widely being circulated . In the doctored video , a group of individuals is heard shouting Modi 's name while also making fun of the Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi . This video was reportedly created as an act of sarcasm by Mumbai-based comedian Jose Covaco . But many Modi supporters are sharing the video on social media mistaking it as if this indeed happened .
Video footage of Manushi Chhillar winning the Miss World 2017 pageant that these paid media wo n't show you .. pic.twitter.com/FyTgzhUQOR — José Covaco ( @ HoeZaay ) November 19 , 2017
However , in the real video , there were no such Modi chants . You can watch the original video below .
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=g9mR4KsHd6Q
Today , January 7 , 2013 , the United States Mint began accepting orders from authorized purchasers for 2013-dated American Silver Eagle bullion coins . The opening day sales tally of 3,937,000 coins seems to represent the highest one-day sales total in the history of the program .
In recent years it has been typical for the Mint to experience the strongest sales for Silver Eagle bullion coins on the first day of availability for newly dated coins . Last year , orders had been placed for 3,197,000 Silver Eagles on the first day of availability for the 2012-dated coins . In 2011 , opening day sales had measured 2,085,000 coins , and in 2010 opening day sales had measured 2,440,000 coins .
For the years 2009 and prior back to the start of the program in 1986 , none of the monthly sales totals have exceeded today 's one-day sales total of 3,937,000 coins .
Today 's apparently record breaking one-day sales are driven by the typically high demand for newly dated coins as well as pent up demand following the unexpected sell out of 2012-dated Silver Eagle bullion coins on December 17 , 2012 . This sell out created a three week period during which no Silver Eagle bullion coins were available for authorized purchasers to order from the Mint .
During 2012 , the Mint had sold 6,107,000 Silver Eagle bullion coins during the full month of January . Annual sales had reached 33,742,500 coins .
Bronx residents are upset that Citi Bike has still not made it to their borough . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Jeanmarie Evelly
THE BRONX — Borough residents are fuming mad over Citi Bike 's plans to expand to New Jersey before arriving in The Bronx .
“ It is deplorable that Citi Bike is expanding to New Jersey before the rest of the city , ” Borough President Ruben Diaz said in a statement . “ My borough deserves better , as do the parts of Manhattan , Brooklyn , Queens and Staten Island that are not currently served by our city 's official bike share program . ”
Jersey City is due to receive 35 stations and 350 bikes in September as part of Citi Bike 's plan to start serving several new neighborhoods over the next few years .
Citi Bike just opened in Long Island City and has plans to expand to several new neighborhoods within the five boroughs by the end of 2017 , including Harlem , Gowanus , Red Hook and Carroll Gardens , but The Bronx has been without the bike-sharing program since its 2013 launch .
Ed García Conde , founder of the blog Welcome2TheBronx , has been a critic of Citi Bike for not coming to the borough for years .
They were not surprised but remained disappointed that New Jersey was now getting the bike-share program before The Bronx .
“ That 's pretty ridiculous , ” they said . “ I mean , people jokingly call Jersey City and Jersey the sixth borough— jokingly — but it 's ridiculous that they 're not even touching The Bronx . ”
Longtime Bronx environmental advocate Mychal Johnson agreed .
“ It 's definitely not equal treatment in the five boroughs , ” they said . “ I mean , how can you go to Jersey before you go to all five boroughs ? ”
Citi Bike is working to double in size and just installed the first of more than 350 stations on Wednesday as part of its expansion plans , according to Citi Bike spokesperson Dani Simons .
`` Once we are confident that our expansion is off to a good start , we welcome conversations with City officials on how we can meet the Mayor 's goal of bringing Citi Bike to all five boroughs , '' they said .
The company Motivate , which operates Citi Bike , also operates bike share systems in other cities across the globe and stressed that its efforts to bring Citi Bike to New Jersey would not take away from its efforts to expand in New York .
Conde maintained that The Bronx has a strong biking culture , and residents should just take the matter of getting a local bike-sharing program into their own hands .
“ Forget about Citi Bike , ” they said . “ Let 's create our own system . ”
Today , Fedora is one of the most beloved Linux distributions . Top Linux kernel programmers , including Linus Torvalds himself , use Fedora for developing the next generation of Linux . For Red Hat , Fedora 's parent company , Fedora is its road-map for its market-leading Red Hat Enterprise Linux ( RHEL ) . It did n't start that way . When Fedora first launched , it was hated .
Why ? Because in 2003 Red Hat had just decided to drop its low-end Linux desktop distribution , Red Hat Linux , in favor of its business distribution , RHEL . The users were not happy . Comments I heard at the time included , `` Red Hat has betrayed Linux '' and `` Red Hat wants to be the next Microsoft . '' One mid-major Linux company of the day , Progeny offered paid support for angry Red Hat Linux 9 users .
Red Hat made this move because it found itself on the horns of a dilemma . On the one hand , its most loyal fans wanted Red Hat to continue to be a fast-paced hacker Linux company , always turning out the latest stuff like all the other Linux firms of its day . Red Hat 's paying customers , however , wanted a rock-stable business distribution .
As Greg DeKoenigsberg , today the VP of Community for Eucalyptus Systems , an open-source cloud company , and an early Fedora project leader , said , `` We had a product in Red Hat Linux that was trying to perform two duties at the same time : It was trying to be enterprise software and it was trying to be cutting edge , 'release early , release often ' software . Once the business realized that these were two conflicting goals they made the move to splitting the two . ''
Fun or money ? Which would you choose ?
Red Hat made its decision to go for the gold . They were right to do so . In 2012 , Red Hat became the first billion dollar Linux company . With the exception of SUSE , the other major Linux companies of the early 21st century , Caldera , MandrakeSoft ( later Mandriva ) , Lindows , etc . have either disappeared or are a shadow of their former selves .
At the same time , Red Hat did not want to lose its strong developer community . So , with the help of its community , noteably Warren Togami who first created Fedora as a community Red Hat software-package repository , and Bill Nottingham , the first Fedora leader , Fedora Core was born . It would become the first successful commercially-sponsored community Linux distribution . This combination of a business distribution and a pure open-source one would become a popular open-source business model . In 2007 , Red Hat merged Core with another community Linux project , Extra , to form the Fedora you know in 2013 .
Today , ten years after Red Hat decided to have both a business Linux and a community Linux , Fedora is the most popular technical Linux of them all . Its cutting-edge code leads the way for many Linux developers .
Red Hat states on its site that `` For 10 years , the Fedora Project has beaten the drum for the open-source world , delivering the latest features and technologies approximately every six months , thanks to the dedication of a diverse global community of contributors . Advancing technologies like virtualization , cloud computing , and software-defined everything , Fedora releases from Yarrow to Heisenbug have continuously pushed open source to new heights and addressed the most complex challenges of next-generation computing . ''
As Michael Tiemann , Red Hat 's VP of Open Source Affairs , said , `` We could not make the kind of big bets that we make with major updates of RHEL without … Fedora . '' Looking ahead , current Fedora leader , Robyn Bergeron , said in an interview , `` For us in Fedora , I think it 's important for us to continue to evolve ways for people to find the OS a fruitful place for them to contribute . ”
Happy birthday Fedora ! And , here 's to another ten-years of Fedora , long may it innovate !
Related Stories :
Image caption A warm-up party will be held above the tunnel , before it is converted into a nightclub in a four-hour transformation
A road tunnel is to be transformed into a nightclub as part of a motoring festival .
The Greyfriars Green tunnel on Coventry 's ring road will close to traffic at 17:00 GMT on 30 May and be turned into a 5,000-capacity club .
The Motofest event will follow the official opening of the tunnel , part of the £59m Friargate development .
After a night of DJs and other entertainment , the tunnel will reopen at 05:00 , organisers said .
'Unique celebration '
Jeremy Heaver , Motofest commercial director , said : `` When we first took the idea to Coventry City Council , I think it probably took them aback as it is a slight leftfield thing to do . ''
Councillor Rachel Lancaster , in charge of public services , described it as a `` pretty unique way to celebrate the opening of our new tunnel '' , part of a major regeneration project in Coventry .
The three-day Motofest 2015 begins on 29 May and will see the city stage time trials on public roads , alongside exhibitions , music and other events .
British Formula 3 cars , among others , will complete laps of the ring road .
It follows a change in the law in July which allowed local authorities to suspend the Road Traffic Act .
Organisers said they wanted Motofest to be seen as the `` Edinburgh Festival '' of vehicles .
Image copyright PA Image caption During the 40th anniversary of Coventry 's ring road , a screening of The Italian Job was held underneath it
Coventry - England 's motor city ?
Nineveh ( IraqiNews.com ) More than 30 Islamic State militants were killed in landmines explosions thought to be caused by violent rainfalls at the town of Tal Afar as al-Hashd al-Shaabi forces prepare to storm another strategic ISIS stronghold .
A security source said heavy rains caused tens of landmines planted by the extremist group northwest of Tal Afar to explode , also submerging militants barracks . Rains also led to the explosion of a landmines cache , killing 32 militants .
The source said artillery forces are preparing to target ISIS havens making use of the weather conditions .
Al-Hashed al-Shaabi forces spokesperson said Thursday that the militia started to encircle the town of Tal Abta , Mosul , preparing to storm it and engage with Islamic State militants .
Ahmed al-Assadi said the militia is on the outskirts of Tal Abta , surrounding it from all directions except for the southern area . They predicted to invade the town on Thursday or Friday .
Assadi said information obtained by al-Hashd al-Shaabi reveal that ISIS members had fled the area after setting fire to their barracks and important archives .
The anticipated siege on Tal Abta is hoped to totally isolate the town of Tal Afar .
.
