Five Democratic representatives said in letter that ‘ inaccurate and incomplete ' testimonies leaked by Republican committee members would be released in full
The five Democratic members of the House select committee on Benghazi have put their names to a letter excoriating the Republicans on the committee for what they describe as a series of “ selective leaks of inaccurate and incomplete information ” amounting to a political assault on former secretary of state and prospective presidential candidate Hillary Clinton .
The authors of the letter , which was sent to the chair of the committee , Representative Trey Gowdy , and simultaneously released to the press on Monday , claim the Republicans on the committee leaked incomplete versions of testimony transcripts in a manner designed to make Clinton look bad .
The move comes in the wake of comments last week by Representative Kevin McCarthy , which appeared to admit that the committee was a cynical political exercise , part of “ a strategy to fight and win ” against Democrats . McCarthy is currently considered to be the frontrunner in the race to replace John Boehner as speaker of the House when Boehner steps down at the end of October .
John Hudak , a fellow in governance studies at the Brookings Institution , said that McCarthy 's comments had been “ a tremendous error ” because it gave Democrats the ability to take back the narrative and convince moderate voters – at whom this letter is really aimed – that the committee is indeed a political witch-hunt .
“ This is a political issue that Republicans have been winning on for week after week – that 's no longer the case , ” said Hudak . “ Now it 's clearly not as much of a winning issue for them , something they 're not going to dominate on in controlling the narrative . In a big way this was the biggest thing they had on Secretary Clinton , and now they do n't , and thats a tough political loss for them . ”
They described making the comments as “ frankly , political amateurism ” on McCarthy 's part . “ It 's turning into a political disaster for [ Republicans ] , ” they said .
The authors of the letter – it is signed by representatives Elijah Cummings , Adam Smith , Adam Schiff , Linda Sanchez and Tammy Duckworth – specifically reference McCarthy 's comments , saying that they show that the committee is an “ unethical abuse of millions of taxpayer dollars and a crass assault on the memories of the four Americans who were killed in Benghazi ” .
They said that they would be unilaterally releasing the full versions of the transcript , starting with the interview of former state department chief of staff Cheryl Mills in September .
“ We do not take this action lightly , ” the letter concludes . “ We have held off on taking such action for more than a year , but we will no longer sit and watch selective , out-of-context leaks continue to mischaracterize the testimony the Select Committee has received . ”
Clinton , in an interview with MSNBC 's Al Sharpton on Sunday , called McCarthy 's comments “ deeply distressing ” . On Monday they expanded on that , telling Today that the committee “ was set up , as they have admitted , for the purpose of making a partisan political issue out of the deaths of four Americans ” .
“ I would never have done that , and if I were president and there were Republicans or Democrats thinking about that , I would have done everything to shut it down , ” they added .
The letter marks the start of the second difficult week for Trey Gowdy . A former prosecutor whose work on the committee has made them very popular with the so-called Freedom Caucus in the house , they were the subject of intense speculation last week after a movement led by representatives Mia Love and Jason Chaffetz to draft them into running for majority leader , under the assumption that McCarthy would replace Boehner . Chaffetz has since themselves announced that they are running for Boehner 's job .
The following day , more rumours were circulating about Gowdy – this time , that they would be stepping down at the end of 2016 . Gowdy forcefully denied both rumours , going as far as to formally declare their intention not to run for leadership at a meeting of the House Republican conference on Tuesday .
Jamal Ware , the communications director for the committee , struck back robustly at the five signatories to the letter in a press release on Monday afternoon . “ By selectively leaking and spinning parts of Secretary Clinton 's top aide Cheryl Mills ' transcript , Democrats have shown their nakedly political motivation , willingness to violate the letter and spirit of House Rules , and their desire to defend Secretary Clinton without regard for the integrity of the investigation , ” the statement said .
“ Most Democrats on the Benghazi Committee have endorsed Clinton and they are now running a protection effort for the former Secretary , ” the statement continued . “ It is one thing to merely sit idly by while others do serious work , it is quite another to attempt to undercut that work with selective leaks in violation of House Rules . ”
Due to its simplicity and relative effortlessness , many rejects and criticise the efficacies of self-affirmations . You can not achieve greatness by simply visualising and reciting them out loud . Life is never that easy .
Personally , I religiously recite my self-affirmations every morning and have been practising it over 6 months to date . In outright honesty , I do n't even know if I am performing my affirmations “ correctly ” or not – nor that matters . The positive effects that I have personally experienced are good enough reasons for me to keep continuing with refining and reciting my affirmations .
I do n't believe , nor do I expect to achieve my goals by simply reciting my affirmations – there 's a difference between a visionary and a day-dreamer . But every morning as I recite my affirmations , I am able to form a clear picture , a goal and purpose in my life . This benefits me tremendously as I become more aware and conscious about myself and the surroundings .
Related Reads # 1 : How To Do Morning Rituals And Do It Right .
Related Reads # 2 : 5 Life-Transforming Teachings Of Stoicism And How I Implement Them In My Life .
Affirmations , just like mission statements , are very personal things . Before asking whether self-affirmations work or not , the first real question to ask yourself is , “ What do you want to get out it ? ” In my opinion , affirmations , visual boards and auto-suggestions should be utilised to help yourself become more focused , both consciously and sub-consciously – not as a tool to grant you wishes that you never work for .
WARSAW — Step by step , the Polish government has moved against democratic norms : It increased government control over the news media , cracked down on public gatherings and restricted the activities of nongovernmental organizations .
Now the party in power is moving aggressively to take control of the last major independent government institution , the courts , drawing crowds into the streets and possible condemnation by the European Union .
The party is pushing to jam several bills into law ; one would force all the nation 's top judges to resign , except those it appointed . Another bill , already approved by Parliament , would ultimately give the government control over who can even be considered for a judgeship .
In Brussels on Wednesday , a top European Union official said that if the changes were made , Poland might slip outside the bloc 's definition of a democracy .
For a variety of reasons , chief among them not being the news that some investors are giving up on the iconic smartphone maker , RIM has been losing share in the smartphone market and unable to fight off the immense competition from Apple and Google . And now we 're hearing that RIM developers are jumping ship over the same concerns we 've heard before from the Android camp : Fragmentation . Only with RIM , it 's the mother of all fragmentations . Here 's an interesting quote from a Bloomberg story this morning by developer Purple Forge 's CEO Brian Hurley :
As soon as RIM brought in a touchscreen and mixed it with a thumbwheel , a keyboard and shortcut keys , it made it really difficult and expensive to develop across devices . What Apple scored big on is having a touch screen and a button and that 's it . In deploying Apple applications , there are very few surprises . In Android , there are increasingly more surprises . But in BlackBerry , there are immediately lots of gotchas across the board . When we put an application in the field , there was a 20- to-1 difference between Apple and BlackBerry downloads .
Anyone still thinks Apple needs to branch out the iPhone family into multiple phone models with different screen sizes , slide-out keyboards , screen resolutions and so forth ?
You may also remember how the critics had been calling out Apple for the iPhone 's lack of the physical keyboard . Good thing folks at Cupertino had the foresight to remain true to Apple 's trademark simplicity . And if you thought Hurley 's comment was harsh , check out what Mobile Roadie CEO Michael Schneider told Bloomberg : “ At the end of the day , I even felt like developing for BlackBerry could be hurting our reputation . We were putting a ton of resources into something users were not engaging in. ” RIM 's luck could change in early 2012 when QNX , their new operating system powering the PlayBook tablet , is adapted for BlackBerry smartphones , but it will be really hard for them to catch up on the lost time .
Andrew Ference , who has been the Edmonton Oilers ' captain the last two seasons , says there are no plans to hand over the role to one of the NHL team 's younger core players .
They said it 's status quo as far as they can tell .
“ One of the first conversations I had with Todd ( McLellan , Edmonton 's new coach ) was about that , ” said Ference , who was aware a new bench boss might have their own ideas on the captaincy .
“ I brought it up … I like things out in the open , ” they continued . “ I do n't like walking on eggshells or awkward moments , player to coach , player to GM . This is n't a vanity project . We should want everybody pulling on the same rope for the Oilers . ”
Ference may have the body of a 26-year-old with their fitness regimen , but he 'll be the Oilers ' oldest player at age 36 and probably a third-pairing defenceman this season . They need to play only 99 more games to reach the 1,000-game milestone in the NHL .
“ Anybody can be captain … the way I look at it is who would be the same person with or without it , ” they said about wearing the letter C. “ It should n't change who you are as a person . Some guys who have the captaincy can elevate their role and how they feel , but how they act and who they are ? That should n't change .
“ Doing the day-in , day-out leadership stuff should be the same with or without it . That 's the sign somebody 's ready for the captaincy . ”
If Ference is n't the captain , who should have the role ?
“ It 's not like I 'm going to give you a list , but I definitely know who I 'd pick , ” they said . “ It 's not my annointment .
“ Some guys are rounding into that . You need multiple guys in a leadership role , though , with or without the letter , to where they can take the reins . You ca n't just have one guy carrying the flag . You need a mob mentality to be successful . ”
Taylor Hall ( 24 ) , Jordan Eberle ( 25 ) and Ryan Nugent-Hopkins ( 22 ) all have been through the Oilers ' dark times . Hall is the most talkative of the three players , then Eberle and Nugent-Hopkins , but verbiage is n't a requisite for a captain .
“ Quality over quantity , ” said Ference , who played under Mario Lemieux , Jarome Iginla and Zdeno Chara when they were captains in Pittsburgh , Calgary and Boston , respectively . “ Who 's more talkative with the media does n't mean they 're super loud in the dressing room and , conversely , somebody who 's quiet ( in front of a microphone ) does n't mean they 're quiet in the room .
“ Z ( Chara ) actually talked a lot ( behind closed doors ) . They were very Eastern European and very structured and on point . Not a lot of fluff . They were being himself , not what they thought a captain should be . Their authenticity came through .
“ Often when a team 's struggling , you get a glimpse of who has the maturity and leadership to still speak up and know what to do when times are tough , ” they added .
What will Ference 's role be on the Oilers , apart from being a mentor and a strong voice in the locker-room and on the ice ? They averaged 18:52 last season , but might be down around 15 minutes if he 's on a third pairing .
“ Probably has n't changed throughout my career . It 's not to get by on skill and soft hands , ” they said . “ It 's to get by with hard work and a guy the opposing team does n't have fun playing against . Being in the opposing team 's face and not leaving your partner hanging out to dry . ”
Nanoengineers 3D print lifelike , functional blood vessel network that could pave the way toward artificial organs and regenerative therapies
Nanoengineering professor Shaochen Chen 3D prints a biomimetic blood vessel network . Photos by Erik Jepsen/UC San Diego Publications
San Diego , Calif. , Mar . 2 , 2017 -- In the past decade , engineers at the University of California San Diego have 3D printed a variety of devices ranging from rocket engines , to robots , to structures inspired by the seahorse 's tail . Now , nanoengineers have added a new item to that list : a 3D printed biomimetic blood vessel network .
The new research , led by nanoengineering professor Shaochen Chen , addresses one of the biggest challenges in tissue engineering : creating lifelike tissues and organs with functioning vasculature — networks of blood vessels that can transport blood , nutrients , waste and other biological materials — and do so safely when implanted inside the body .
Researchers from other labs have used different 3D printing technologies to create artificial blood vessels . But existing technologies are slow , costly and mainly produce simple structures , such as a single blood vessel — a tube , basically . These blood vessels also are not capable of integrating with the body 's own vascular system .
“ Almost all tissues and organs need blood vessels to survive and work properly . This is a big bottleneck in making organ transplants , which are in high demand but in short supply , ” said Chen , who leads the Nanobiomaterials , Bioprinting , and Tissue Engineering Lab at UC San Diego . “ 3D bioprinting organs can help bridge this gap , and our lab has taken a big step toward that goal . ”
Digital model of a blood vessel network
Chen 's lab has 3D printed a vasculature network that can safely integrate with the body 's own network to circulate blood . These blood vessels branch out into many series of smaller vessels , similar to the blood vessel structures found in the body .
Chen 's team developed an innovative bioprinting technology , using their own homemade 3D printers , to rapidly produce intricate 3D microstructures that mimic the sophisticated designs and functions of biological tissues . Chen 's lab has used this technology in the past to create liver tissue and microscopic fish that can swim in the body to detect and remove toxins .
Researchers first create a 3D model of the biological structure on a computer . The computer then transfers 2D snapshots of the model to millions of microscopic-sized mirrors , which are each digitally controlled to project patterns of UV light in the form of these snapshots . The UV patterns are shined onto a solution containing live cells and light-sensitive polymers that solidify upon exposure to UV light . The structure is rapidly printed one layer at a time , in a continuous fashion , creating a 3D solid polymer scaffold encapsulating live cells that will grow and become biological tissue .
“ We can directly print detailed microvasculature structures in extremely high resolution . Other 3D printing technologies produce the equivalent of ‘ pixelated ' structures in comparison and usually require sacrificial materials and additional steps to create the vessels , ” said Wei Zhu , a postdoctoral scholar in Chen 's lab and a lead researcher on the project .
And this entire process takes just a few seconds — a vast improvement over competing bioprinting methods , which normally take hours just to print simple structures . The process also uses materials that are inexpensive and biocompatible .
Chen 's team used medical imaging to create a digital pattern of a blood vessel network found in the body . Using their technology , they printed a structure containing endothelial cells , which are cells that form the inner lining of blood vessels .
Microscopic 3D printed blood vessel structure
The entire structure fits onto a small area measuring 4 millimeters × 5 millimeters , 600 micrometers thick ( as thick as a stack containing 12 strands of human hair ) .
Researchers cultured several structures in vitro for one day , then grafted the resulting tissues into skin wounds of mice . After two weeks , the researchers examined the implants and found that they had successfully grown into and merged with the host blood vessel network , allowing blood to circulate normally .
Chen noted that the implanted blood vessels are not yet capable of other functions , such as transporting nutrients and waste . “ We still have a lot of work to do to improve these materials . This is a promising step toward the future of tissue regeneration and repair , ” they said .
Moving forward , Chen and their team are working on building patient-specific tissues using human induced pluripotent stem cells , which would prevent transplants from being attacked by a patient 's immune system . And since these cells are derived from a patient 's skin cells , researchers wo n't need to extract any cells from inside the body to build new tissue . The team 's ultimate goal is to move their work to clinical trials . “ It will take at least several years before we reach that goal , ” Chen said .
# # #
Full paper : “ Direct 3D bioprinting of prevascularized tissue constructs with complex microarchitecture ” in the journal Biomaterials . Authors of the study are Wei Zhu * , Xin Qu * , Jie Zhu , Xuanyi Ma , Sherrina Patel , Justin Liu , Pengrui Wang , Cheuk Sun Edwin Lai , Yang Xu , Kang Zhang and Shaochen Chen of UC San Diego ; and Maling Gou of Sichuan University .
* These authors contributed equally to this work .
This work was supported in part by grants from the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine ( RT3-07899 ) , the National Institutes of Health ( R01EB021857 ) and the National Science Foundation ( CMMI-1332681 and CMMI-1644967 ) .
A San Francisco Police Commission a meeting Wednesday was cut short after the public comment session got out of hand and the president was forced to adjourn . Terry McSweeney reports . ( Published Wednesday , June 8 , 2016 )
SF Police Commission Meeting on Use of Force is Cut Short
A San Francisco Police Commission meeting Wednesday was cut short after the public comment session got out of hand and the president was forced to adjourn .
The meeting was held to discuss a proposed new policy in the Police Department that would for the first time provide clear rules for officers on when to use of force and what level of force to use .
It began with a statement from police Capt . Jack Hart .
`` The San Francisco Police Department 's highest priority is safeguarding the sanctity of all human life , '' they said .
When the public comment session began , emotions got the best of some people .
`` Cops should never shoot at someone running away regardless of their crime , '' one man says .
`` What kind of consequences will you have if you fail to use minimal force ? asked another man .
Then the comments quickly turned into insults .
`` They just want your two minutes so they can keep going with what they wanted in the first place , '' a woman shouted to the audience .
Yet another man said : `` I do n't know how you sleep . You all have blood on your hands . ''
When it appeared the outbursts were elevating , commission president Suzy Loftus opted for a recess .
After the brief intermission , the meeting resumed , but it did n't last much longer as infuriated residents continued to lash out .
May Wang came to talk about the new police policy . They were never heard .
`` There are some people in this room who are not here for reasonable discussion ; they just want to take over , '' they said
Acting Chief Toney Chaplin said they talked to a few people from the community , and they 're upset that they never got a chance to communicate what their issues were .
The police commission has two more public meetings on use of force planned .
Baku , Azerbaijan , May 26
By Huseyn Veliyev – Trend :
An agreement has been reached on mutual recognition of electronic signatures ( e-signature ) among the member countries of the Cooperation Council of Turkic Speaking States ( Turkic Council ) , said Azerbaijan 's Ministry of Transport , Communications and High Technologies in a message May 26 .
According to the message , this issue was raised at the second meeting of the Council 's working group that was held in Istanbul .
Participants of the meeting reached an agreement on creation of necessary conditions for recognition of e-signatures among Azerbaijan , Turkey , Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan .
They also discussed the formation of joint electronic services among the member countries of the Council , touched upon the issues on exchange of experience and training in the creation of “ electronic government ” , introduction of the “ single window ” principle in providing e-services , development of mobile applications and others .
As part of the event , subgroup meetings were held , where the prospects of cooperation of the countries in the areas of satellite communications , cybersecurity , development of broadband Internet services and construction of the Trans-Eurasian Information Super Highway ( TASIM ) were reviewed .
Follow Trend on Telegram . Only most interesting and important news
Pakistan floods 'kill 800 ' people and affect a million
Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play .
The worst monsoon floods in living memory have killed at least 800 people and affected one million in north-west Pakistan , a local official has said .
Rescuers are struggling to reach inundated areas where transport and communication are down .
Peshawar , the area 's largest city with a 3m-strong population , is cut off .
At least 60 people have died across the border in Afghanistan where floods affected four provinces .
Mian Iftikhar Hussain , information minister for Pakistan 's Khyber-Pakhtoonkhwa ( formerly North-West Frontier ) province , announced the latest death toll . Earlier , they described the floods as the province 's worst ever .
Manuel Bessler , the head of the UN 's Office for the Coordination for Humanitarian Assistance ( UNOCHA ) in Pakistan , told the BBC about 1m people 's lives had been disrupted .
They could not say with certainty the full scale of the emergency in Pakistan , as they were having trouble reaching their own offices in some of the worst-affected areas .
UN aid workers were helping to co-ordinate efforts to provide shelter , health care , drinking water and ready-to-eat food rations , they said .
There was concern , they added , that swollen rivers running south would carry the floods to provinces like Sindh where heavy rain was forecast in coming days .
Washed away
The government declared a state of emergency as Pakistan 's meteorological department said 312mm ( 12in ) of rain had fallen over the last 36 hours in the north-west - the largest amount for decades .
Continue reading the main story At the scene This is the proverbial end of the road : what was once the traditional trunk highway running south is now a massive lake . Further back , it 's clogged up with traders and families who 've been stranded on the road for days . They are trying , hoping against hope , that they can still move south , but a lot of them are turning back . The road simply is n't passable . We 've seen whole families passing on foot , grandparents and parents carrying children and possessions on their heads . So many Pakistanis here say they have n't had any help from the government or relief agencies . And yet we see the military helicopters going overhead occasionally . The Pakistani army and rescue services say they 're trying to reach people , but the scale of this disaster is such they simple do n't have the resources .
The districts of Swat and Shangla have been inaccessible with people left homeless and helpless after several rivers burst their banks , washing away villages , roads and bridges . Some 45 bridges were washed away in Swat alone .
The BBC 's Lyse Doucet , who is travelling through some of the worst-hit areas , says at least half a million people remain marooned on islands of high ground , while others have taken refuge in mosques and schools .
TV footage taken from helicopters flying over the flooded landscape showed people clinging to roof-tops as raging torrents swept through the streets .
Military and rescue workers have been using helicopters to deliver essential supplies to areas that have had transport and communication links cut off .
Some 17 helicopters were in action to airlift people out of the worst affected areas on Friday and more were being deployed over the weekend .
Swathes of farmland have been inundated , and some power supplies have been cut after people were electrocuted by the water-borne current .
Many of those hit the hardest by the flooding are the rural poor who live in flood-prone areas because they can not afford safer land .
Pakistan has not made a formal request for international aid , but it is understood that it has appealed to donors to help it respond to this disaster .
Afghan effort
In Afghanistan , the national army said it had rescued 5,000 people over the past three days , using helicopters , vehicles and bulldozers .
The provinces of Laghman , Nangarhar , Kunar and Logar have all been hit by the bad weather .
There were plans to deliver food and medicine on Monday but the mountainous terrain was hindering the effort .
In Eastern Logar province , a provincial spokesperson told the BBC that 10 people had been killed overnight . Nomad communities had lost tents and livestock , they added .
In Kama , Nangarhar , local resident Haji Baqi told the BBC : `` We lost all of our food .
`` I lost three wheat harvests , our bridges have been destroyed . We want the government to come and help . What will people eat for the rest of the year ? Where is the government ? When are they going to help us . ''
NASA 's Curiosity Mars rover used its robotic arm Wednesday , March 11 , to sieve and deliver a rock-powder sample to an onboard instrument . The sample was collected last month before the team temporarily suspended rover arm movement pending analysis of a short circuit .
The Chemistry and Mineralogy ( CheMin ) analytical instrument inside the rover received the sample powder . This sample comes from a rock target called `` Telegraph Peak , '' the third target drilled during about six months of investigating the `` Pahrump Hills '' outcrop on Mount Sharp . With this delivery completed , the rover team plans to drive Curiosity away from Pahrump Hills in coming days .
`` That precious Telegraph Peak sample had been sitting in the arm , so tantalizingly close , for two weeks . We are really excited to get it delivered for analysis , '' said Curiosity Project Scientist Ashwin Vasavada of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , California .
The rover experienced a short circuit on Feb. 27 while using percussion action in its drill to shake sample powder from the drill into a sample-processing device on the arm . Subsequent testing at JPL and on Curiosity has identified the likely cause as a transient short in the motor for the drill 's percussion action . During several tests on the rover in the past 10 days , the short was reproduced only one time -- on March 5 . It lasted less than one one-hundredth of a second and did not stop the motor . Ongoing analysis will help the rover team develop guidelines for best use of the drill at future rock targets .
The rover 's path toward higher layers of Mount Sharp will take it first through a valley called `` Artist 's Drive , '' heading southwestward from Pahrump Hills . The sample-processing device on the arm is carrying Telegraph Peak sample material at the start of the drive , for later delivery into the Sample Analysis at Mars ( SAM ) suite of instruments . The delivery will occur after SAM prepares for receiving the sample .
Curiosity 's drill has used a combination of rotary and percussion action to collect samples from six rock targets since the rover landed inside Gale Crater in 2012 . The first sampled rock , `` John Klein , '' in the Yellowknife Bay area near the landing site , provided evidence for meeting the mission 's primary science goal . Analysis of that sample showed that early Mars offered environmental conditions favorable for microbial life , including the key elemental ingredients for life and a chemical energy source such as used by some microbes on Earth . In the layers of lower Mount Sharp , the mission is pursuing evidence about how early Mars environments evolved from wetter to drier conditions .
JPL , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , manages the Mars Science Laboratory project for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington , and built the project 's Curiosity rover . For more information about Curiosity , visit :
http : //www.nasa.gov/msl
http : //mars.jpl.nasa.gov/msl/
You can follow the mission on Facebook and Twitter at :
http : //www.facebook.com/marscuriosity
http : //www.twitter.com/marscuriosity
News Media Contact
Guy Webster 818-354-6278Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.guy.webster @ jpl.nasa.gov2015-087
Jun 13 2017 2:29PM GMT
Tags :
Thanks ! We 'll email you
when relevant content is
added and updated . Following Amazon Thanks ! We 'll email you
when relevant content is
added and updated . Following Follow cloud Thanks ! We 'll email you
when relevant content is
added and updated . Following Storage
Sorry , kids . Amazon has decided to eliminate its unlimited storage plan .
Announced in March , 2015 , the plan gave subscribers unlimited storage for $ 60 a year . While there 's been a lot of storage price wars over the past few years , it was hard to beat unlimited .
Now , however , for $ 60 you get a terabyte . “ If you currently have a paid Unlimited Storage subscription , you can continue to use your current subscription until the plan expires , ” Amazon said . “ At the end of your current plan , you will automatically be entered into a 1 TB plan if you have 1TB or less of content , unless you 've disabled auto-renew on your current subscription. ” ( Which means , if you did n't use your unlimited storage very much , you might want to check your plan and see how much money you can save now . )
If you already have more than a terabyte stored , Amazon will give you options for other pricing plans – basically , an additional $ 60 per terabyte per year , up to a limit of 30 terabytes . “ If you have more than 1 TB of content stored , or if you 've disabled auto-renew , you will not be automatically renewed . You will have the opportunity to select a new plan that covers your content needs by visiting Manage Storage. ” You have six months ( 180 days ) of being over quota before Amazon starts zapping your files , last first , to bring you under the limit .
It 's not like unlimited Amazon storage was necessarily great shakes anyway . People who used it when it was first announced two years ago reported on Reddit that it was slow and had an awkward interface . Hmm , almost as though they did n't want to make it too easy to use for fear people would use it too much . Note that cloud storage companies that want to encourage people to use a lot of storage have been offering services where you could send in a hard disk drive , eliminating the upload delay problem .
Other companies that have tried to promise “ unlimited ” storage have also had to back down . Microsoft announced unlimited storage for OneDrive in 2014 , backing off from it a year later .
The issue is that when people get the opportunity to do anything unlimited , the really heavy users come out of the woodwork , Jared Newman wrote in Fast Company in 2015 . “ Drawing on its knowledge of how people used traditionally priced , tiered storage services , the company had assumed it would see a fairly even distribution between lighter and heavier users , ” they wrote . “ Combined with ‘ de-duplication ' technology that prevents redundant data from being stored more than once in the cloud , Bitcasa figured it could keep costs down and stay in the black . But after launch , the sheer demand from heavy storage users blew up those assumptions . ”
Gleb Budman , CEO of BackBlaze at the time , told Newman that people consume five to 10 times more data when presented with an unlimited plan . And Microsoft reported that some of its customers were using up to 75 terabytes , they wrote .
“ One particularly messy issue for storage providers is that they ca n't weed out legitimate high-volume uses from those that violate their terms of service , ” Newman pointed out . “ If a user with an unlimited consumer-grade plan is backing up their business servers or running a homegrown streaming video service , the provider should be able to shut that down . But doing so would involve looking at the actual files , which would be a breach of privacy and may not even be possible if the data is encrypted . ”
It is n't clear whether the problem here is that people were abusing it ; Amazon did n't say why it had decided to discontinue the service . Some analysts , in fact , believe that this was Amazon 's plan all along – to attract people with low storage prices and then hope they 'll stay when the prices went up . “ Remember , this is the consumer market ; and while more technically advanced users may utilize a multi-cloud strategy , moving from one cloud to another is a daunting task for most , and one that most people will balk at . Imagine a customer who has 1.5TB stored on Amazon Drive , their propensity to move all that data , and any links , pointers , etc . that pointed to that data , is very small , ” writes Neuralytix . “ They are more likely to pay the extra $ 60/year to allow the data to remain at Amazon . Neuralytix believes that this was Amazon 's intent from the beginning , and we believe that they have executed their plan very well . ”
In the meantime , all U.S. customers receive 5 GB of free storage for use with Amazon Drive and Prime Photos , and Prime members continue to receive unlimited photo storage as a benefit of their Prime membership , Amazon said . Also , photos taken with and uploaded to Amazon Drive from a Fire Phone or eligible Fire tablet are stored for free in an Amazon Drive , and Kindle personal documents stored in your Amazon Drive using Send to Kindle tools and services do not count against your Amazon Drive storage limit , the company added .
This past Sunday the Patriots captured their 12th AFC East title in the Brady/Belichick era , and this season has to be one of the most impressive turnarounds we 've seen in recent memory . Let 's not forget that just 2 months ago this team was being written off after getting the living snot beaten out of them against the Kansas City Chiefs on Monday Night Football .
Since then the Patriots have rattled off 9 wins in 10 games , captured the AFC East crown , and are looking like a team who will have a bye going into the NFL Playoffs . But who deserves the credit for this recent turnaround ? Tom Brady ? Rob Gronkowski ? Darrelle Revis ? I 'd have to say none of the above . While all three have played phenomenal football for this year there is one person , and one group that I would give the most credit for the Patriots turnaround .
Bryan Stork and the offensive line .
Stork may not be a household name around New England because he 's just another member of the offense line , but they deserve way more credit then they have gotten . When the season started Stork was on the sidelines dealing with a leg injury that limited their time in training camp , and as a result the Patriots had to shuffle their lineup trying to find the right fit to protect Tom Brady . These injuries forced the Patriots to shuffle their lineups once again and put more pressure on the other linemen .
The constant shuffling of the offensive linemen made it hard to gauge how much protection and how much time Brady had in the pocket . This lead to teams exploiting those weaknesses and forcing Brady to make quick decisions and sacks behind the line of scrimmage .
Even though Stork is only a rookie , their impact since their return has been monumental . It has allowed the Patriots to move Connolly and Sebastian Vollmer back to their natural positions and with that the Patriots have started to get more consistent protection for Tom Brady .
Looking back to Sunday 's game against the Dolphins you can see how big of an impact the offensive line made that game , going up against arguably the best defensive line in the AFC East . I wrote in last week 's Patriots Breakfast Club , that containing Cameron Wake was one of the biggest tasks if the Patriots were to win and boy did the line for the Patriots step up .
Sebastian Vollmer in particular did a great job containing Cameron Wake and gave Tom Brady more than enough time in the pocket to get the ball to guys like Julian Edelman and Gronkowski . They line played so well that Brady was even able to scramble for 17 yards in a key play in the Dolphins red zone , a play that eventually lead to a touchdown that began the third quarter onslaught .
Safe to say the guys like Tom Brady , Rob Gronkowski , and Darrelle Revis are the backbone of this Patriot team , and if any one of those players go down the Patriots are in a world of trouble . But what has made Brady , and Gronk excel in recent weeks is the play of the offensive line and their protection of Brady . We saw early on in the season what a lack of protection looks like and how it can effect even the best quarterbacks . However as the season is winding down and the playoffs draw closer , it looks like the offensive line is getting on the same page and if they are able to keep protecting Tom Brady as well as they have in recent weeks there is no reason to think this team ca n't get to Glendale , Arizona in February .
Make sure to stay tuned to the CC Podcast coming January 2015
The American Dream is now easier to attain for people who live outside of America than those who live in it . ( Photo : Thinkstock )
Can you name America 's biggest export ? While many things probably spring to mind , the answer is something a bit more intangible — culture . Through movies , television shows , music , and all manner of products and services , the American way of life is packed up and shipped across the globe , helping align what we value most with what others around the world do as well .
In many ways , what we 're showcasing is the concept of `` the American Dream . '' It 's a concept that does n't have a strict definition , but is typically explained as the ability to improve one 's standing in society through hard work and education , and ultimately share a piece of America 's prosperity with a home , property , and other basic necessities . While the rest of the world becomes more familiar with the concept , a sad reality is settling in on the domestic front .
VETERANS : Do they really need tax breaks ?
SOCIAL WELFARE : Why is it so incredibly expensive ?
TOP TEN : Most corrupt countries in the world
That is , the American Dream is now easier to attain for people who live outside of America than those who live in it . Or , another way to put it is that economic mobility has been stunted in the U.S. As far back as 2004 the progressive think tank The Century Foundation argued that `` recent evidence shows that there is much less mobility in the United States than most people assume , '' and that `` rags to rags and riches to riches are now the norm in this country to a greater degree than in many other developed nations . ''
It goes on to say : `` Our current education system , anti-discrimination laws , and other public policy tools that aim to give the children of poor parents a fair shot at a high income are not getting the job done . We may all believe in the American Dream , but we have a lot of work to do if we are to make that dream a reality . ''
The evidence seems to side with The Century Foundation 's argument .
Data crunched by Harvard researchers shows that economic mobility has been on the slide , albeit slightly . While that can be taken as relatively good news , considering that we 're not seeing a drastic drop in the odds of making it to the upper or upper-middle class from the lower echelons , it 's disheartening in the sense that the American Dream has become much more expensive , and therefore more out of reach .
One very closely linked aspect of stagnant economic mobility is growing economic inequality . In its 2012 Annual Report , the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond cited declining rates of social mobility as a central driving force behind the growing equality gap , calling for changes to the structure of markets and policy , rather than a sweeping approach to hand out checks , for example .
`` Inequality and immobility can be partially chalked up to market structure , '' the Richmond Fed says . `` From a normative standpoint , there thus might be support for policy interventions that seek to equalize opportunities , rather than those that would equalize outcomes . ''
Meanwhile , in other countries , economic mobility is on the rise . According to a study from The Brookings Institution , nations including Canada , Denmark , Norway , and Spain have all been classified as `` high-mobility countries , '' while the U.S. and U.K. have been relegated to `` low-mobility '' status . `` The findings from cross-country research challenge the traditional view of the United States as a land with more mobility and opportunity than other countries , '' the study reads .
What this all tells us is that over the past few decades , America has lost its economic edge — that can-do attitude and thirst for climbing the social ladder has been suppressed , and it 's been packaged up and shipped to other countries . When the American Dream is no longer a realistic goal for most of the American population , it 's hard to really say that it remains the land of opportunity .
There are numerous reasons why this is the case , and they can be traced back to the decline of organized labor , stagnant wage growth , the rising cost of living and healthcare , and others . The truth is , if the American Dream is no longer realistic for Americans , then maybe we should call it something else . At least until we can get it off life support domestically .
The Cheat Sheet is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary . Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1GsTOFl
Being the literary nerds that we are over here , we 're obsessed with everything about our favorite authors , and particularly the little scraps of writerly intention — things that give us a view into an author 's thought process and planning technique , or even just a peek at the way they see and order the world . Plus , we like to see that authors work out their thoughts with forced attempts at organization and scribbled-out ideas just like the rest of us . Writers often use plot charts to organize the threads of complicated stories , but they 've also been known to crank out diagrams of the travels of other people 's characters , chart-style teaching tools , and even hand-drawn maps . Click through to take a peek at our collection of charts , maps , and diagrams hand-drawn by famous authors , and get a little story-plotting inspiration of your own .
Jack Kerouac . “ The Ten-Year Spiritual ( or Psychological ? ) Circle of ‘ An American Passed Here . ' ” Manuscript notes for the novel that would become The Town and the City , ca . 1945 . [ via ]
Hours after an Israeli army medic was convicted on Wednesday of manslaughter , for executing a wounded Palestinian suspect last year in the occupied West Bank city of Hebron , Israel 's prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , called for the soldier to be pardoned . Netanyahu 's move completed a full retreat from their initial position . They had first expressed revulsion at the behavior of the medic , Elor Azaria , after viewing video of the incident published by an Israeli human rights group , B'Tselem . That graphic clip , recorded by a witness , showed that Azaria had fired a point-blank shot into the head of Abdel Fattah al-Sharif , a suspect in a knife attack at an army checkpoint who had already been subdued and was lying prone at their feet . The prime minister began to back-track , however , when it became clear that a majority of the Israeli public considered the killing to be justified and a vocal minority called Azaria a hero . Sympathy for the killer has grown over the past nine months , even as their victim 's family has been forced to view the fatal shot again and again in news reports on the trial in a military court . Despite seeing the same images of the crime — and more video showing that no medical attention was offered to the suspect after they were immobilized by gunfire during the attack at one of the city 's many military checkpoints — polls found that most Israelis sympathize with Azaria .
67 % of Israelis support a pardon for Azaria , poll conducted by @ Channel2News pic.twitter.com/jBxQ34CDcL — Ruth Marks Eglash ( @ reglash ) January 4 , 2017
Poll : 70 % of Israeli public favors pardon for soldier convicted of manslaughter @ IsraelHayomEng — Mairav Zonszein ( @ MairavZ ) January 5 , 2017
( It is important to note that many polls conducted for the Israeli media , including one published the day after the verdict by Israel Hayom , a tabloid Sheldon Adelson set up to support Netanyahu , only survey Jewish Israelis . That poll , finding that 70 percent of respondents “ believed Azaria should be pardoned immediately , ” drew on “ a random pool of 500 Jewish Hebrew-speaking Israelis over the age of 18. ” ) Israeli politicians , including Naftali Bennett , the far-right education minister , Shelly Yacimovich , a former leader of the Labour Party , and Miri Regev , the culture minister and a former spokesperson for the Israeli army , have scrambled to channel the popular mood .
Jewish Home chair @ naftalibennett says Elor Azaria must be pardoned `` immediately , right now '' — Raoul Wootliff ( @ RaoulWootliff ) January 4 , 2017
Former Labor leader MK @ Syechimovich recommends a pardon for Elon Azaria because Israeli society is `` stormy & explosive '' . — Jeremy Sharon ( @ jeremysharon ) January 4 , 2017
Israeli culture min & firebrand Miri Regev : '' I will appeal for pardon for Elor Azaria . This isnt how you behave towards the people 's soldier '' — Noga Tarnopolsky ( @ NTarnopolsky ) January 4 , 2017
As Human Rights Watch reported this week , in the months before the shooting , senior Israeli officials , including the new defense minister , Avigdor Lieberman , and Jerusalem Police district commander , Moshe Edri , had argued that any Palestinian suspected of trying to stab an Israeli , even soldiers tasked with enforcing the occupation , should be subject to immediate execution . In addition to calls for clemency from politicians , demonstrations of support for Azaria came from hundreds of protesters who scuffled with the police outside the courtroom , waving nationalist banners and at least one Trump sign , and a group of their fellow army medics who dripped their own blood onto a placard claiming that the military 's justice system was “ killing us from within . ”
Elizabeth Tsurkov , a rights activist in Tel Aviv , noted that among the chants heard at the protest in favor of Azaria was one suggesting that the Israeli army chief of staff , Maj. Gen. Gadi Eisenkot , who defended the prosecution of the soldier in a speech this week , could suffer the same fate as Yitzhak Rabin , the prime minister who was assassinated in 1995 by an opponent of the Oslo Peace Accords .
Chants outside the military court : `` Gadi [ Eizenkot – IDF CoS ] be careful , Rabin is looking for a friend '' [ you 'll be assassinated too ] — Elizabeth Tsurkov ( @ Elizrael ) January 4 , 2017
V8 Supercars debutant Casey Stoner has revealed the look of their first four-wheeled race car as they prepare for their first race in the Dunlop Series .
The two-time MotoGP champion will carry support from long-time personal sponsor Red Bull and Pirtek , who is making a return to the Australian motorsport scene .
Stoner revealed the car in Southgate Holden , Reynella , in the southern suburbs of Adelaide this morning .
The car will be entered under their famous # 27 – the number that they won both of their world titles in .
To race on the streets of Adelaide this weekend , the 27-year-old has been forced to receive special dispensation from CAMS to enter the race , such is their inexperience in four-wheel competition .
Stoner has had two test sessions prior to the Adelaide street race .
Stoner and the Dunlop Series field hit the track for first practice tomorrow .
CLICK HERE for a full entry list of the Dunlop Series entrants for Adelaide .
N Srinivasan has always been making the headlines of late , primarily for all the wrong reasons , and things were no different at the presentation ceremony of the 2015 Cricket World Cup after Australia beat New Zealand to clinch their fifth title .
Initially it was thought that ICC president Mustafa Kamal would hand over the trophy to the winning captain , but it was not to be with the premier cricket body 's chairperson Srinivasan doing the honours at the Melbourne Cricket Ground .
This act of Srinivasan might have breached the ICC rules as well , but then they are no stranger to controversy , the most recent one being the IPL spot-fixing scandal .
If Srinivasan had any illusions about their reputation , they were surely put to rest during the World Cup final presentation ceremony , as they were booed by a number of spectators inside the stadium .
Twitter went abuzz as the MCG crowd booed Srinivasan during the presentation ceremony . Some of the interesting tweets can be read below :
Australia wins the top prize for cricket ... And Srini for shamelessness .
— atiya zaidi ( @ atiyaz ) March 29 , 2015
Shubasish barua Tweeted – `` People at MCG booed at N Srinivasan for simple reason .. ICC is honored to have a Match Fixer as Chairman ... God Bless MCG crowd . ''
Raj posted – `` hats off to Srinivasan , wherever they go ends up with some controversy even if it is for doing nothing . ( maybe im wrong they cant do nothing . ) ''
Adarsh Troll posted – `` Srini Mama got booed by MCG ground . Now Srini Mama will buy MCG and rename it to Mama Cricket Ground . ''
Dhakkad Chora tweeted – `` Such a great win and such a shame receiving the world cup trophy by # Srinivasan . Feel for you Aussie team ! Congrats though m/ ''
Twitterati with Twitter handle @ Ra_Bies tweeted - `` After Srinivasan touched the World Cup , the Australian Cricket Board ordered two packs of dish washer to wash the cup ''
Amit tweeted – `` Insult for aus cricket team that srini mama giving wc trophy to clarke . ''
Arpit Sihra posted – `` Wait a minute .. Was that a replica they gave to the Aussies like they did in 2011 ? Ca n't trust Srini with anything .. # AUSvNZ # CWC15 ''
AJ tweeted – `` 93K people cheered for @ sachin_rt and the same 93K people booed Srini Mama . That bought a smile in my face . : D # CWC15Final # AUSvNZ ''
Grace posted – `` My favourite moment of the # CWC15 was probably the bit at the end where Srini got booed . ''
Debasmita tweeted – `` Everyone booed Srini , what a reputation u have made , Most Disgusting Man I have ever seen in my lifetime ''
Legendary former UConn Men 's Basketball Coach Jim Calhoun was introduced Thursday in West Hartford as the ‘ architect ' of the University of Saint Joseph Men 's Basketball team .
By Ronni Newton
Hall-of-Fame basketball coach Jim Calhoun will soon be spending a lot of time in West Hartford as they immediately begins their new consulting role , tasked with the job of building the University of Saint Joseph 's ( USJ ) first-ever men 's basketball program from scratch .
Calhoun appeared at a press conference Thursday morning with USJ President Rhona Free , Athletic Director Bill Cardarelli , explaining why they made the decision to come out of retirement to join the Division III program .
Calhoun , 75 , retired from the head coaching job at UConn in 2012 , turning over the reins to Kevin Ollie . But in addition to a part-time job with ESPN , they have remained a state employee and will continue be an advisor to UConn .
Rumors of Calhoun getting involved with the USJ program began circulating over the summer , but they did n't officially accept the position until they worked out the arrangement with UConn , one they said in the future will be considered on a year-to-year basis .
Calhoun said that because of their obligations to UConn , they will be working at USJ part time as a consultant for now , “ but not part time always in my mind , ” they said .
“ I love the Huskies and I 'll always be a Husky , ” but there 's room for more love , Calhoun said Thursday .
“ I love the game . I love the kids , ” Calhoun said . They said they are thrilled to be here .
Free said that after the decision was announced in June 2017 that USJ to go co-ed in the fall of 2018 , they met with Cardarelli . “ I 'd really like to make a splash with men 's athletics , ” they said they told him , to make an investment in the University 's future .
“ I asked Bill to go out and find me the best people possible , and I 'm thrilled . They far exceeded even my greatest expectations , ” Free said of Calhoun 's hiring .
USJ will begin admitting men as undergraduates in the fall of 2018 , and in addition to basketball will introduce men 's teams in soccer , cross-country , swimming and diving , and lacrosse .
Cardarelli has known Calhoun for more than three decades , and said they sought their advice about building a basketball program . “ The more I talked to him , the more I listened to them … there 's no one in the country better than Jim Calhoun to have built a program , ” Cardarelli said .
Cardarelli said they asked Calhoun if they missed coaching . “ And all of a sudden they looked at me and they did n't say a word , ” Cardarelli said , so they asked if Calhoun would join USJ , to help build a men 's program . Calhoun 's response : “ I 'm intrigued . ”
Calhoun said their first tasks will include learning some things about DIII , and learning about this “ wonderful place , this incredible location. ” They said their family members already really like Blue Back Square and West Hartford Center .
But what they really are looking forward to is coaching . “ I terribly miss the coaching on a daily basis , I miss the association with the kids. ” Glen Miller , their former assistant at UConn , will join them at USJ , Calhoun said .
Calhoun said that winning is the greatest thing , but he 's really here because they love the game and they love the educational process . “ Nothing can stir me … like that great effort that kids give . ”
They said they do n't care who the kids are playing against . “ I 'm incredibly happy to be here to help build a foundation for the program and that 's what I 'm doing right now , ” Calhoun said . There 's a lot of work to do , they said , getting a laugh from the crowd when they mentioned the facilities .
Recruiting will be the first major task , and a way to bring a spotlight to the wonderful things that are happening at USJ . “ I expect around 2 or 3 o'clock today I 'll be in a gym someplace looking at future Blue Jays . ”
Calhoun said they would start the recruiting process locally , but has already received a couple of texts from Israel . “ I 've got a lot of coaches that have called me about kids they have , ” they said . And while they would be open to a team of players from the area , “ if other kids want to come here … if a 6-foot-8 player wants to cross the state line , we 'll take him , ” Calhoun said .
“ Starting from scratch ” is exactly what they will be doing at USJ . “ You make a basket , you hold the all-time scoring record , ” they said .
“ I feel very comfortable here . I love the mission of the University and I think I can make a difference in kids ' lives … that 's hands-on . ”
Following the press conference Free said that Calhoun is known to people around the world . But more than being able to put USJ on the map , they said their joining USJ is “ a symbol of our commitment that really will make a mark with students in high schools everywhere . I think it 's really important to have them here but I think it 's equally important as a symbol that we 're going to bring in the best people possible , we 're going to build the best program possible . ”
Free knows what athletics can do for a university , Calhoun said to reporters after the press conference . “ This is a great opportunity , as it goes co-ed , to do something special . ”
Calhoun said they look forward to becoming more a part of the West Hartford community , where they already have relationships and a ton of friends . They said they think having a small Division III program in the community to support will be a positive thing .
“ He mentioned the location as being one of our key assets , and I agree , ” Free said . “ This is such a fabulous community for students to be able to be at school in West Hartford … it 's such a beautiful place , ” Free said .
Like what you see here ? Click here to subscribe to We-Ha 's newsletter so you 'll always be in the know about what 's happening in West Hartford !
Dan Pearson European Editor Monday 7th September 2015 Share this article Share
London finds itself the home of a fresh new mobile and tablet focused developer this morning , as James Ackroyd , Jonathan Venables and Mike Rouse announce the formation of RedSix Interactive Entertainment , with first title Coin Op Heroes 2 already well under way . The team officially formed in January , operating under the radar until now .
Between them , the three founders have a great deal of experience , with Rouse and Venables both having most recently been founding directors at Microsoft 's London incubator Lift . Prior to Lift , the pair worked together at SCEE , as development and art directors respectively . Ackroyd was the software director at another Microsoft outfit : Rare .
Although the three are console specialists , the burgeoning mobile and tablet market has given them the opportunity to work as a smaller , self-contained team .
`` After many years in the games industry , working alongside some of the most inspiring figures in the field , we are excited to set out on this new journey , '' said Rouse . `` RedSix will create and bring to market the highest quality gaming experiences , focused on new IPs , across tablet , mobile and future gaming platforms . ''
`` At RedSix we will create games that are full of characters living in worlds you can immerse yourself in , '' added Jonathan Venables . `` We are currently developing two very different games : the first is 2D , the second is 3D . Whilst very different , they both have a recognizable and distinctive style . With this approach we will bring character led personality to all of our games . ''
CTO Ackroyd says the team is looking to grow , building a skill base to take on new challenges . `` Our first goal is to attract talent and grow the team to share this journey with . We are looking forward to working with both old friends and new talent . ''
If you have jobs news to share or a new hire you want to shout about , please contact us on newhires @ gamesindustry.biz
Senate Republicans confirmed President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's 12th federal appeals judge nominee on Thursday , setting a record for the number of circuit picks confirmed in a president 's first year .
Senators voted 55-43 on James Ho 's nomination to be a judge for the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals , making them the first Asian-American on the court .
He 's the third circuit court pick Republicans confirmed this week and Trump 's 12th appeals pick to be confirmed this year — the most any president has gotten in their first year since the court was created in 1891 .
ADVERTISEMENT
By comparison , former President Obama got three appellate judges confirmed in their first year and former President George W. Bush got six confirmed . Meanwhile , former presidents Kennedy and Nixon both got 11 confirmed during their first year .
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE ( R-Ky. ) noted from the Senate floor that Republicans were having a `` historic week . ''
`` The Senate will take another important step to ensure that the federal judiciary fulfills its proper role in our constitutional system . Each of them will be an asset to our nation 's courts , '' they said ahead of Ho 's vote .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein Dianne Emiel FeinsteinHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Ocasio-Cortez adviser says Sunrise confrontation with 'old-timer ' Feinstein 'sad ' Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid MORE ( D-Calif. ) knocked Republicans on Thursday , saying the nominations are being `` rammed through the process '' at a `` stunning '' speed .
`` In a way , circuit courts serve as the de facto Supreme Court to the vast majority of individuals who bring cases . They are the last word , '' they said .
In addition to Ho , the Senate confirmed Don Willett to be on the 5th Circuit and Leonard Steven Grasz to be a United States Circuit Judge for the 8th Circuit .
Republicans have been slow to score legislative and political victories this year , but they 've increasingly pointed to the courts as a key long-term win for their party .
Judicial nominations only require a simple majority to be confirmed , meaning Democrats are n't able to block Trump 's nominees on their own .
Lead by then-Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview MORE ( D-Nev. ) , the Democrats got rid of the 60-vote filibuster for lower-court nominees . Republicans nixed the same hurdle for Supreme Court picks earlier this year .
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily , no spam , no fuss .
Konami on Monday announced its plans for Europe 's big gaming convention , Gamescom , confirming that it will bring Metal Gear Solid V : The Phantom Pain and Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 to the show . What 's particularly noteworthy here is that this will be the first time both games are playable to the public .
In a statement , Konami general manager Martin Schneider said Gamescom represents the `` most important consumer exhibition in the world . '' Unlike E3 , Gamescom is open to the public .
Gamescom is absolutely massive . Last year , more than 335,000 people attended the show . This year 's event is scheduled for August 5-9 in Cologne , Germany .
The Phantom Pain release date is set for September 1 , while PES 2016 is slated for September 17 . Both games will be playable at Konami 's booth on the show floor , while additional plans for the event will be announced later , the publisher said .
There is some amount of controversy surrounding The Phantom Pain . According to GameSpot 's sources , Metal Gear Solid creator Hideo Kojima will leave Konami after the game ships . Just recently , a voice actor for the series claimed that the game 's developer , Kojima Productions , had disbanded .
In other Gamescom news , Microsoft will hold its own briefing this year on August 4 where it will talk about Xbox One exclusives that were not shown at E3 . Sony , on the other hand , will not hold a Gamescom briefing this year , instead choosing to make announcements at Paris Games Week in October .
Unintended consequences : Attorneys argue the Religious Freedom Restoration Act should protect U.S. Muslims motivated to join the Islamic State because of their sincerely held religious beliefs .
Lawyers for suspected homegrown Islamic terrorists wanting to join the Islamic State are arguing charges should be dropped because the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( RFRA ) protects the sincerely held religious beliefs of the Islamic State sympathizers .
In particular , attorneys for a Chicago-area man charged with trying to join the Islamic State group in Syria are seeking the dismissal of the charges based on religious freedom concerns .
Lawyers for 19-year-old Mohammed Hamzah Khan contend the suspected would-be terrorist was simply expressing their religious freedom by attempting to “ emigrate ” to the Islamic State .
Lawyers point to a letter the Islamic State sympathizer left for their parents as evidence of their intent to emigrate , and their sincerely held religious belief that it was their duty as a Muslim to join the Islamic State .
The following is an excerpt from that letter :
An Islamic State has been established and it is thus obligatory upon every able-bodied male and female to migrate there . Muslims have been crushed under foot for too long . . . .This nation is openly against Islam and Muslims . . . . I do not want my progeny to be raised in a filthy environment like this . I am . . . obliged to pay taxes to the [ U.S. ] government . This in turn will be used automatically to kill my Muslim brothers and sisters . . . . I simply can not sit here and let my brothers and sisters get killed , with my own hard-earned money . . . . I can not live under a law in which I 'm afraid to speak my beliefs . I want to be ruled by the Sharia [ Islamic law ] . . . . Me living in comfort with my family while my other family are getting killed is plain selfish . We are all witness that the western societies are getting more immoral day by day . I extend an invitation to my family to join me in the Islamic States . True , it is getting bombed , but let us not forget that we did n't come to this world for comfort .
Americans simply do not have a First Amendment right to join organizations that threaten our national security . It is the very definition of a governmental “ compelling interest ” to prevent them from doing so .
Writing for Americans United For Separation of Church and State , Sarah Jones predicts that the courts will ultimately reject the argument that the RFRA recognizes a religious freedom right to join the Islamic State . Jones notes
Jones is probably right . However , the case does raise some interesting issues pertaining to the rights of individuals in light of the recent Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision , which dramatically and dangerously enlarged the scope of the RFRA .
The case also points to larger questions concerning the increasing popularity of the Islamic State with some Muslims in the U.S. and other western democracies . It is no secret that many young Muslims are being seduced by a slick social media marketing campaign advertising the supposed religious and ideological purity of the Islamic State .
As more young U.S. born Muslims attempt to flee to the Islamic State in order to follow their sincerely held religious beliefs , legal questions concerning the extent of religious freedom will grow more prominent , and challenge the fundamental assumptions of conservative Christians who continue to fight for an ever broader and expansive interpretation of “ religious freedom . ”
( H/T Sarah Jones )
NEW ZEALAND VS AUSTRALIA , 2ND TEST
Cricbuzz Staff • Last updated on Fri , 19 Feb , 2016 , 10:38 AM
Matt Henry has been awarded a place in the New Zealand Test side in place of injured pacer Doug Bracewell for second and final Test of the Trans-Tasman series against Australia in Christchurch , starting Saturday ( February 20 ) .
Bracewell injured the rotator cuff of their right shoulder and will sit out of Brendon McCullum 's farewell Test .
The New Zealand captain will be appearing in their 101st Test , on the trot since their 2004 debut . This will also be the 34-year-old 's last international game for New Zealand , at Hagley Oval .
The pitch sports a green tinge in Christchurch and McCullum was left pondering whether to go with a four-man pace attack or with three fast bowlers and a lone spinner Mark Craig .
`` Matt Henry will come in for Doug Bracewell and it 's just trying to work out whether we play Mark Craig or Neil Wagner and that 's the decision we 've got to make , '' McCullum told reporters on the eve of the game .
There has been plenty of debate regarding the surface welcoming the two sides for the second Test . Australia had the home side reeling in the first Test at 51 for 5 in their first innings with the ball moving around in the first session , while the Trent Boult-Tim Southee duo could n't get any assistance later .
`` The pitch looks good . It looks like it 's got a nice healthy covering of grass I 'm sure that both team 's bowling lineups will relish it , '' McCullum said .
`` It 's probably not quite as hard as the Basin ( Reserve ) . I thought the Basin was a really good cricket wicket . It did a lot in that first session and then dried out a little bit quicker than what a team who 's been bowled out for 180 wanted , '' the New Zealand skipper added .
McCullum acknowledged that the game is not going to be easy with both sides possessing quality fast bowlers in their ranks . `` It 's not going to be necessarily a pleasant time out there with bat in hand ( but ) I think it will go around for a while . I 'm sure this one will be a good contest which will hopefully end up in a result . Hopefully for us , '' they concluded .
President Donald Trump said Sunday that the investigation into their ties with Russia have backfired on Democrats , worked to unite the Republican party , and unmasked truth behind the “ Clinton made Fake Dossier . ”
“ Never seen such Republican ANGER & UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier ( now $ 12,000,000 ? ) , ” the president tweeted Sunday .
Never seen such Republican ANGER & UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier ( now $ 12,000,000 ? ) , … . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 29 , 2017
…the Uranium to Russia deal , the 33,000 plus deleted Emails , the Comey fix and so much more . Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia , … . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 29 , 2017
… ” collusion , ” which does n't exist . The Dems are using this terrible ( and bad for our country ) Witch Hunt for evil politics , but the R's… — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 29 , 2017
…are now fighting back like never before . There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton , and now the facts are pouring out . DO SOMETHING ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 29 , 2017
All of this “ Russia ” talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts & Reform . Is this coincidental ? NOT ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 29 , 2017
The Washington Post reported Tuesday that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's campaign and the Democratic National Committee paid opposition research firm Fusion GPS to investigate Donald Trump . The research was then used to create the now famous Trump dossier that catalyzed a federal investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election .
The president also called out the Clinton Uranium One deal and the “ 33,000 ” deleted emails from Clinton 's private email server .
Trump said that it is “ NOT ” coincidental that special counsel Robert Mueller filed their first charges in the Trump-Russia probe at the same time Republicans are pushing comprehensive tax reform through Congress .
WATCH NOW : CLINTON TIES TO FUSION GPS
Follow Robert on Twitter
Send tips to robert @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
When a student claims to need a certain grade , they are operating under the assumption that grades are doled out arbitrarily—the result of a professor 's whim and mood . DGLimages/Thinkstock
M any American colleges and universities convened classes this week , and as students take tours of all any American colleges and universities convened classes this week , and as students take tours of all the safe spaces and water parks ( or , if they 're in Texas , as they burnish their firearm collections ) , they are likely feeling more pressure than ever to maintain high GPAs . Whether due to financial aid requirements , sports scholarships , naked ambition , or just plain fear of their parents , many students care deeply about their grades
This leads thousands of them , every semester , at every postsecondary institution in this great land , to utter one fateful plea to the person on the other side of the lectern . They make this plea to help them achieve their goals , yet it is one of the most ill-advised things any student can do . It usually arrives via email at a strange hour of the night . It goes like this :
Advertisement
“ Professor , I NEED an A in this class . ”
All right , I admit : I 'm indulging in the time-honored rhetorical device of hyperbole . Not all professors get this all the time . Sometimes the grade students “ need ” is a B or a C ; on rare occasions , they 'll send a plaintive appeal for a D-minus . But seriously , anyone who has taught a college class has probably come across a version of the “ need-a-grade . ”
Alas , no peer-reviewed article exists in the Journal of Transcript-Based Pedagogical Outcomes and Definitive Assessment Precis Rankings on this demand 's exact frequency , so you will have to make do with this veritable shitstorm of anecdotal evidence that occurred on my extremely scientific Twitter feed within a single hour of this meek inquiry : “ Professors and professor-adjacent , show of hands : Has a student ever told you they “ need ” a certain grade ? What did you do ? ” ( Responses ran the entire spectrum from extreme compassion to “ out of office reply . ” )
Yes , there 's a lot of need in the college classroom these days . And it needs to stop . Not only because it 's disrespectful , grating , and woefully ignorant of the way college assessment works , but , more importantly , because the deluge of “ need ” obscures some actual needs .
Advertisement
When a student claims to need a certain grade , they are operating under the assumption that grades are doled out arbitrarily—the result of a professor 's whim and mood . This stands in stark contrast to reality , which is that in an ever-more-tortured aim at transparency and fairness —even in so-called “ subjective ” disciplines like the humanities—a professor 's grading system often comes courtesy of multiple tortured rubrics . Those rubrics are themselves tied to ever-more-intransigent “ learning outcomes , ” resulting in an intricate web of math and check marks , all of which are explained in detail on pages 450-499 of the 900-page syllabus
Wait , are those kegstands recreational , or a cry for help ?
Assessment metrics are meticulously thought-out these days . They 're specifically designed to eliminate extraneous subjectivity . The assumption that they can be chucked on the basis of a particularly forceful series of emails is enough to make an overworked professor scream , Oh , you NEED an A , do you ? I did n't REALIZE ! I was just giving you a B-minus for fun ! MY MISTAKE ! ! ! ! ! and then break down in sobs and then retrench and outright refuse to budge on the grade . This would defeat the initial purpose of the plea .
Claiming to need a certain grade conveniently ignores the fact that the grade is already likely the highest it can possibly be whilst still maintaining even the hint of professorial integrity , to keep up with the inflationary Joneses and stave off complaints . This sort of “ need ” language also moves the onus for meeting that need from the person earning the grade to the person assessing it . This transfer of power takes away the very agency and self-sufficiency students are allegedly attending college to gain . ( For now . )
Most importantly , claiming to need a grade often gets in the way of legitimate professorial help . The pressure students are under to keep their grades up is real , and students deserve the benefit of the doubt , because so many are legitimately struggling . And so , any professor who gets a “ need-an-A ” message must immediately add to their substantial workload the job of crisis detective :
Advertisement
Is Johnny 's grade bad because he 's trying their best and still underperforming ?
Or because they blew off a bunch of assignments and stopped coming to class ?
Wait , did they stop coming to class because of a crisis at home—or because he 's too busy doing kegstands with their bros at Sigma Kappa Douche ?
Wait , are those kegstands recreational , or a cry for help ?
working long hours ; There are innumerable real problems that get in the way of student success : mental health struggles ; relatives with health issues ; children PTSD due to military service or other causes . Students dealing with these problems deserve compassion . But it 's difficult for professors to make these kinds of calls when every other Johnny “ needs ” a certain grade and acts like it 's a matter of life and death .
Believe it or not , if a student wants to get a higher grade , there are things they can do that work better than saying But I NEED a C-minus or I 'll lose my sportsball eligibility ! For the student who actually is working but underperforming—i.e . a student who should be their professor 's top priority—the second an assignment comes back with a less-than-optimal letter on it , that student should show up at office hours . Not to demand a better grade , but to go over that assignment in detail and make a work plan for future study or tutoring . For those who miss class but have legitimate , non-kegstand-related issues , the professor can direct them to the correct support office ( advising , disability , counseling ) , and make the appropriate arrangement to get extensions , incompletes , or withdrawals , all of which are preferable to a sub-optimal grade .
Marcus Gilchrist recognized the route , quickly altered course , jumped in front of Keenan Allen and came down with the ball .
Another takeaway by a Chargers defense that is coming off a season exceedingly , almost devastatingly , lacking this kind of game-altering plays .
Gilchrist 's interception was one play , but there have been enough like it through the first week-and-a-half of training camp to signify a budding transformation that could portend a different direction .
“ Oh , we 'll definitely have more , ” free safety Eric Weddle said . “ How many more , I do n't know , but we will have more than what we had last year . ”
They 'll need to .
What the Chargers did last year in salvaging a season and making the playoffs was as confounding as it was impressive .
Perhaps no incongruity better illustrated the unlikeliness of their success than their minus-4 turnover differential . Of the bottom 13 teams in that category last season , only the Chargers made the playoffs . Further , just eight of the 60 playoffs teams over the past five seasons have had a turnover differential as bad as minus-4 .
Philip Rivers was intercepted just 11 times , seventh-fewest in the NFL in 2013 . The Chargers ' 10 lost fumbles were exactly middle of the pack . Just nine teams had fewer total giveaways .
Yet the Chargers tied for 20th in turnover differential .
That 's pretty tough to do . And easily explained .
They took the ball away just 17 times , third-fewest in the NFL .
“ Not good enough , ” defensive coordinator John Pagano said . “ Not good enough . ”
While it ultimately was good enough , it was just barely . The 17 takeaways were the fewest by a 2013 playoff team .
The Chargers need to be more prolific thieves if they are going to get back to the playoffs , especially considering the apparent quality of their opponents .
So . . . why should we think they will ? What makes this year different ?
“ We always stress it because of the difference and implications it has on a game , ” Weddle acknowledged .
Yet they essentially guaranteed the Chargers will steal the ball more this season . Not that we 'd doubt Weddle , the same guy we figured was out of their tree a little more than a year ago when they said the Chargers would be in the playoffs . But , fact is , every team talks about emphasizing takeaways .
The hope lies in plays like Gilchrist made , which looked an awful lot like one they would n't have made in past seasons . Or at least not regularly .
The difference now is that Gilchrist is n't doing trigonometry while running .
Where the Chargers defense is just plain faster with players like Steve Williams , Jerry Attaochu and Jason Verrett , it is also playing faster as a whole .
That kind of fast comes from comfort , which comes from knowledge , which comes from experience .
“ When you know what you do , it is n't really that hard , ” Gilchrist said , looking and sounding more confident than at any time in their previous three seasons . “ There 's no math to it . You know what you 're doing , and you can just play fast and make plays . ”
He 's not the only one looking and talking this way . It 's part of a theme all across a team no longer getting to know each other at the same time they 're finding out what is expected .
Manti Te ' o has been all over the ball much of this camp , including a diving interception off a tip by Shareece Wright on Wednesday . It was the kind of play Te ' o made in college , where their instincts took over because they are comfortable in the defense and playing freely .
“ I 'm no longer thinking of what I got ta do , ” they said . “ I just go and play . ”
Could this be a three-quarter speed mirage , a good half-dozen practices or even just wishful thinking ? Sure .
But the uptick in forced turnovers continues a trend from the end of last season .
Of the Chargers ' paltry 17 takeaways , 10 came in their final six regular season games , a closing stretch in which they went 5-1 . In their playoff victory at Cincinnati , the Chargers intercepted two passes and recovered two fumbles .
“ I think the biggest thing was the takeaways we had in the playoff games and at the end of the regular season was something we have to build on , ” Pagano said . “ I mean what we 're trying to do is how we finish those . ”
gaysianthirdspace :
Hello G3S !
Jeffrey here and first a big thanks to Fish for putting together the first G3S Social in LA ! When Fish and I came together to create G3S , our hope was that by sharing our stories and encouraging thoughtful discussions , we would form a queer API community that values introspection and solidarity amidst a culture of shirtless Instagram/Grindr selfies , West Hollywoods and Electric Daisys . A little over a year later , it 's been incredible how much the community has grown and the many friendships we 've made along the way . Tinychats have been one way we 've explored virtually interacting with the community and I 'm excited to see G3S Socials evolve as the next phase for in-person meetups !
To that end , I 'm planning to meet with @ gregasaurus and @ jsl009 this Friday , December 23rd , 6:30pm at Han Il Kwan in San Francisco for Korean BBQ . If folks are interested in joining for dinner and boba , please send an email to gaysianthirdspace @ gmail.com to RSVP .
Also , if you are interested in hosting a G3S Social in your area , please send an email to the above address as well .
Thanks and happy holidays !
-Jeffrey
WASHINGTON – Maine Rep. Chellie Pingree has signed onto a bill that would legalize marijuana and regulate it like alcohol at the federal level .
Pingree , a Democrat , is one of 14 House members to endorse a proposal by Rep. Jared Polis , D-Colo. , to drop marijuana from the federal government 's list of scheduled drugs .
Additional Photos Maine Rep. Chellie Pingree has signed onto a bill that would legalize marijuana and regulate it like alcohol at the federal level . John Ewing/Staff Photographer
Polis ' bill would remove the federal Drug Enforcement Agency from the equation when it comes to enforcing marijuana laws . It would instead put the drug under the auspices of the Food and Drug Administration and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
In fact , it would rename the ATF the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Marijuana , Firearms and Explosives .
The odds of the bill getting anywhere in the Republican-controlled House are slim to none . But two states — Colorado and Washington — voted to legalize pot last November , and a Maine lawmaker has sponsored a bill to do the same in the Pine Tree State .
The Portland Green Independent Committee also is working on a petition to legalize marijuana in the state 's largest city . Medical marijuana is already legal in Maine .
Pingree 's position on the issue is not necessarily surprising .
Shortly after the votes in Colorado and Washington , Pingree joined 16 other House Democrats who wrote to Attorney General Eric Holder urging them to respect the voters ' decisions . At the time , Pingree said they believed there were better ways for the federal government to spend its money than prosecuting people who are obeying state laws .
Willy Ritch , spokesperson for Pingree , said Polis ' legislation is patterned after the successful legalization bills in those two states .
“ She feels this is a common-sense approach to marijuana regulation , ” Ritch said .
David Boyer , Maine policy director for the Marijuana Policy Project , praised Polis ' bill and Pingree for their support .
“ It makes no sense to punish individuals for using a substance less harmful than alcohol , ” Boyer said in a statement .
“ Instead , we should allow adults to use marijuana legally while regulating the production and sale of the substance . We will not only better control production and sales , but we will also create new jobs and generate tax revenue . ”
Pingree is married to S. Donald Sussman , the majority shareholder of MaineToday Media , which publishes the Portland Press Herald , the Kennebec Journal and the Waterville Morning Sentinel .
Kevin Miller can be contacted at 317-6256 or at :
[ email protected ]
On Twitter : @ KevinMillerDC
Share
'It ' Devours Competition with Record-Breaking $ 123 Million Opening
September 10 , 2017
UPDATE : Warner Bros. has updated their estimate for It , reporting a $ 123.1 million opening for the horror film , expanding on the records set and detailed in our weekend recap below .
WEEKEND RECAP : With a monster , $ 117 million opening weekend Warner Bros. and New Line 's It has delivered a record-breaking opening , breathing a little life back into the slumping domestic box office . The film has claimed the largest September opening , the largest Fall opening , the largest opening for an R-rated horror film , not to mention the largest opening weekend for a horror film of any MPAA rating , and tops Open Road 's new release Home Again in second place by nearly $ 110 million . Overall , the film accounted for more than 75 % of the combined gross for the weekend 's top twelve , and we 've only just begun .
With an estimated $ 117 million , WB and New Line 's It , an adaptation of the acclaimed Stephen King novel , claimed the weekend 's # 1 spot with ease , besting Open Road 's new release of Home Again in second place by nearly $ 110 million , the fifth largest gap between first and second place all-time . The film also dusted the previous opening weekend record for an R-rated horror film , more than doubling Paranormal Activity 3 's previous record of $ 52.5 million . In fact , It is already the fifth highest grossing R-rated horror film all-time after just three days in release .
The horror film 's debut was the widest opening ever for an R-rated film and as such delivered the second largest opening for an R-rated movie behind Deadpool 's $ 132.4 million opening last February . Additionally , the previous opening weekend record for September was held by Hotel Transylvania 2 with $ 48.5 million and the previous Fall opening weekend record was Gravity 's $ 55.7 million , neither of which stood a chance against It and combined do n't even come within $ 10 million .
It should be mentioned that rival estimates put It 's opening over $ 120 million and some closer to $ 125 million . One obvious reason for the disparity has to do with Hurricane Irma hitting Florida this weekend where ~175 theaters are closed . The state typically represents 5.5-6.5 % of the domestic gross each weekend .
It received a `` B+ '' CinemaScore , which , for comparison , is below the `` A- '' the first two Conjuring films received and ahead of both Annabelle features . The audience was split nearly down the middle , playing 51 % female vs. 49 % male with 10 % of the audience under the age of 18 , of which scored the film an `` A- '' . Overall 65 % of the audience was over the age of 25 .
Internationally , It brought in an estimated $ 62 million from 46 markets for a $ 179 million global debut . The overseas numbers include the largest opening weekend for a horror film in the U.K. ( $ 12.3m ) , Russia ( $ 6.7m ) , Australia ( $ 5.9m ) , Brazil ( $ 5.6m ) , Netherlands ( $ 1.4m ) and Poland ( $ 1.15m ) . Upcoming releases include openings in The next key markets to open include Sweden and Mexico next week followed by France ( Sep 20 ) , Argentina ( Sep 21 ) , Germany ( Sep 28 ) and Italy ( Oct 19 ) .
In second place is Open Road 's Home Again , which brought in an estimated $ 9 million from 2,940 locations . The debut is just a shade ahead of Mojo 's pre-weekend comparison to Bridget Jones 's Baby , which opened with $ 8.6 million last September . Home Again scored a `` B '' CinemaScore from opening day audiences .
Lionsgate 's The Hitman 's Bodyguard finished in third with an estimated $ 4.85 million , down 54 % from last weekend . The film 's domestic cume now stands just shy of $ 65 million .
Warner Bros. and New Line also claimed fourth place on this weekend 's chart with Annabelle : Creation now in its fifth week of release . Dropping 47 % this weekend the film delivered an estimated $ 4 million as its domestic cume climbs to $ 96.2 million , soon to become the only August 2017 release to cross $ 100 million domestically .
Rounding out the top five is the Weinstein Co. 's Wind River . The film dropped 49 % compared to last weekend , finishing with an estimated $ 3.2 million for a domestic cume topping $ 25 million .
Elsewhere , Spider-Man : Homecoming remains in the top ten in its tenth weekend in release with a domestic cume that now totals $ 327.7 million . The film 's international cume got a big bump this weekend as it opened in China with an estimated $ 70.8 million , pushing its international total to $ 495.3 million . The film 's worldwide total now stands at $ 823 million , making it the second largest Spider-Man release all-time behind Spider-Man 3 which finished with $ 890.9 million globally back in 2007 .
Speaking of international totals , Universal and Illumination 's Despicable Me 3 entered the weekend as the third 2017 release to top $ 1 billion worldwide . The film added another $ 6.2 million to that international total as its current worldwide cume reaches $ 1.006 billion , the third largest worldwide release of 2017 .
WB 's Wonder Woman brought in an estimated $ 662k this weekend and it has now crossed $ 410 million domestically , enough to become the fifth largest superhero release of all-time , pushing Iron Man 3 to sixth with $ 409 million .
In limited release IFC 's Rebel in the Rye opened with $ 44,280 from four theaters ( $ 11,070 PTA ) ; China Lion 's Twenty Two brought in an estimated $ 20k from 11 locations ( $ 1,818 PTA ) ; and The Orchard 's Trophy opened with $ 3,474 in one theater .
Next weekend will be interesting as Darren Aronofsky 's thriller mother ! hits ~2,500 theaters as both it and It hopes to reside alongside one another in harmony . Lionsgate will release American Assassin in over 3,000 locations and Open Road will debut All I See is You .
You can check out all of this weekend 's estimated results right here and we 'll be updating our charts with weekend actuals on Monday afternoon .
Discuss this story with fellow Box Office Mojo fans on Facebook . On Twitter , follow us at @ boxofficemojo and author Brad Brevet at @ bradbrevet .
Female child abusers are the 21st century equivalent of lesbians in the Victorian age : not legislated against because they do not exist . The nature of woman being incapable of “ deviancy ” , as the bigoted Victorians said . Hence in New Zealand , the Accident Compensation Corporation was unable to accept claims from boys sexually abused by women , until the law changed in 2005 . Prior to that the perpetrator of “ sexual indecency ” had to be male .
However , statistics indicate that female child abusers not only exist , but in numbers approaching those of males . In New Zealand , 48 per cent of child abusers for 2006 , where the perpetrator gender was known , were women . In the USA in 2002 63 per cent of all child abuse , from neglect to sexual abuse , was perpetrated by the mother . In 40 per cent of cases the mother acted alone .
The UK 's Lucy Faithfull Foundation estimates women are responsible for 10 per cent of all child sexual abuse and that 5-20 per cent of pedophiles is women . Meanwhile in New Zealand , 40 per cent of the 1,200 men helped by the Christchurch-based Male Survivors of Sexual Abuse Trust ( MSSAT ) in 2010 , were sexually abused by women when they were boys .
Advertisement
Ken Clearwater , founder of MSSAT comments : “ We live in a culture in which men are n't allowed to be victims and women are n't allowed to be anything other than nurturing . So abuse suffered as a boy at the hands of an adult female can be the hardest abuse of all to come to terms with , let alone to speak out about . ”
Numerous studies show very young children are at increased risk of abuse . According to the New Zealand Families Commission , in 2006 , children under five-years-old made up 49 per cent of all children aged 0-16 years found to have been neglected , 48 per cent of those emotionally abused , and 23 per cent of those physically abused . Infants aged under one-year account for two-thirds of childhood deaths each year and three-quarters of all child deaths in New Zealand 2002-2006 were of children under five .
As the primary caregivers of young children , the New Zealand Ministry of Justice observes that “ Mothers do most of the constant and demanding care of pre-schoolers , so it should be no surprise that much of the reported physical and emotional abuse of pre-schoolers is done by mothers ” .
Culture of silence
However , as a taboo subject , both female perpetrators and their victims are unlikely to speak out , with women unwilling to ask for help in a society which brands them as evil aberrations .
A 2005 study by the New Zealand Department of Corrections says that violent and sexual offending by women “ has been avoided or neglected because it challenges fundamental beliefs about women as nurturers , protectors and as victims of violence ” .
Former New Zealand MP , Marc Alexander , a campaigner for victim 's rights and a published author on the criminal justice system , has been criticised when speaking out about female abusers : “ Often when I 've talked about this issue in the past I get accused of women-bashing or deflecting from the vast majority of child abuse cases which are perpetrated by men . ”
Advertisement
However , Clearwater notes that there has been a significant shift since MSSAT started in 1995 . Clearwater comments : “ Abuse at the hands of a woman is not the dirty little secret it used to be . I can now sit in a room of women working for Rape Crisis and talk about male victims . I 've also noticed that the language has changed . Perpetrators as well as victims are now referred to as he\she in new editions of books about sexual abuse , whereas before there was always the assumption the perpetrator was male and the victim female . ”
Part of the reason politicians and society at large may be unwilling to address the issue of female abusers , is their own culpability in the problem . Women who abuse their children are ordinary women for whom factors such as their own history as a victim of abuse , lack of social support networks , poverty and poor educational opportunities have collided to create a parent unable to live up to society 's ideals of the all-nurturing , self sacrificing mother .
The late pediatrician Dr Robin Fancourt commented that “ The stresses of unemployment , a lack of income , the void of isolation and a lack of social support can push any adult to abuse or neglect. ” Fancourt saw child neglect as perpetrated by society as well as by individuals , when they said of the increasing number of New Zealand children who are bought up in poverty “ these children are neglected through the many other disadvantages that are imposed on this sector of society as a whole ” .
Get the biggest Weekday Cardiff City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cardiff City will have to pay at least £2.5m to tempt winger Johnny Russell away from Derby County - nearly double the fee they were hoping could land the Scottish international .
Russell opened pre-season for County in sizzling form and scored in their opening fixture against Grimsby Town .
Manager Paul Clement was delighted with Russell 's performance after they went on for the second half at Blundell Park and Derby want to keep them in their squad .
Watch : Johnny Russell 's pre-season wonder goal
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
MORE : The goals will come ! Eoin Doyle 's message to Bluebirds boss Slade
Sources in the midlands suggest County could yet be tempted by the right offer , but Cardiff would have to pay £2.5m or more .
Russell was Derby 's best player against Grimsby , replacing summer signing Tom Ince after half-time and outshining their rival for the wide berth .
Related : Derby fans say £1m nowhere near enough for Russell
The stance at Derby remains that they will keep Russell , who even after the arrival of Ince is certainly one of their best wide men .
Derby made it clear a few weeks ago that Russell was not for sale , but Cardiff have kept their interest alive .
They have not made a firm offer , but Russell is still highly placed among their list of targets for the summer .
Related : FAW asked to negotiate in Cardiff City 's battle with Hammam
( Image : Action Images / Paul Harding )
The 25-year-old is a firm favourite among Derby fans , having made the move from Dundee United in a £750,000 transfer two years ago . They have made 87 appearances for County , scoring 17 goals .
Cardiff is unlikely to pay a big fee for Russell because they are well blessed with wingers with after loan signing Sammy Ameobi joined Matty Kennedy , Craig Noone , Anthony Pilkington and Kadeem Harris in the first team squad .
A report released Monday revealed that the cost of child care has increased so dramatically that the average monthly fee for an infant in a child care center is now more expensive than the average cost of food for a family of four .
Titled `` Parents and the High Cost of Child Care , '' the report was conducted by Child Care Aware of America , a federal information resource for parents and childcare providers . The study examined child care centers and did not account for different forms of care like nannies , relatives or babysitters . While researchers found great disparities in the cost of childcare across the country , the increase universally outpaced increases in average household income .
`` Child care is a major expense in family budgets , often exceeding the cost of housing , college tuition , transportation or food , '' wrote Lynette M. Fraga , Ph.D. , executive director of Child Care Aware of America , in a release . `` Unlike all other areas of education investment , including higher education , families pay the majority of costs for early education . These expenses come at a time when young families can least afford them . ''
Child care costs varied widely from state to state , ranging from $ 4,863 per year in Mississippi to $ 16,430 in Massachusetts . The report noted factors like cost of living and labor costs for the discrepancies .
The report revealed a few other anxiety-inducing figures as well :
The cost of child care fees for two children exceeded housing costs for homeowners with a mortgage in 20 states .
Child care fees for two children in a child care center exceeded annual median rent payments in every state .
The annual average cost for an infant in center-based care was higher than a year 's tuition and fees at a four-year public college .
Fraga urged readers not to interpret the results as a question of the high costs , but rather a call to action for lawmakers .
“ Eleven million children younger than age 5 are in some form of child care . Ensuring this care is high-quality , affordable and available for families is crucial to our nation 's ability to produce and sustain an economically viable , competitively positioned workforce , ” said Fraga . “ Thanks to several federal policy proposals before Congress and other federal agencies , we are on the cusp of great leaps toward improving child care in this country . ''
AOA ‘ s Mina and four FNC Entertainment trainees are set to star in the upcoming web drama “ Click Your Heart . ”
Produced by FNC Entertainment , “ Click Your Heart ” is a high school romance drama for the teen audience . Mina will play the female lead , a lovable high school student , who starts receiving attention from four different yet equally charming male students , played by members of FNC Entertainment 's training system/pre-debut dance group NEOZ SCHOOL .
The members are called Rowoon , Dawon , Chanhui , and Jooho .
Always under the spotlight , Rowoon will play the school 's own basketball star , while Dawon is set to portray a diligent top student . Jooho 's character appears cold and rough but gives you their everything once you earn their trust . Chanhui , who launched their acting career via tvN 's “ Signal , ” will play a mysterious boy who stops smiling only when focusing on their passion — dancing .
“ Click Your Heart ” is expected to start airing on Naver ‘ s TV Cast and MBC Every1 .
Source ( 1 ) ( 2 )
Update March 4 KST :
Stills from the web drama have been released through FNC 's official Facebook account .
Conference Championships Shake Up NCAA DI Outdoor National Rankings
NEW ORLEANS – After a runaway win at the SEC Outdoor Championships , the Florida men are the new No . 1 squad in the National Team Computer Rankings announced Monday by the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association ( USTFCCCA ) .
As impressive as the Gators ' 130½-95-95-92 victory over Texas A & M , Arkansas and LSU was this weekend , the USTFCCCA computer projections portend a much , much closer competition at the NCAA Division I Outdoor Championships In Eugene , Oregon , on June 10 & 12 .
FULL MEN 'S NATIONAL TEAM COMPUTER RANKINGS
NEW ORLEANS – In March , the Arkansas women won their first ever indoor track & field national championship . This weekend , they finished their third SEC triple crown—winning the conference in cross-country , indoors , and outdoors in the same school year . And in June , they 'll look to win their first ever NCAA outdoor title . Per the rankings released Monday by the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association ( USTFCCCA ) , they 're currently favored to do so .
FULL WOMEN 'S NATIONAL TEAM COMPUTER RANKINGS
At least 1,046 Jews visited the Temple Mount on Tuesday , according to Jewish activists , setting a new record for most Jewish visitors in one day . Many more are expected to visit later in the afternoon .
Activists have been organizing a campaign in recent days aimed at encouraging Jews to visit the site on Tisha B'Av , following the recent tensions at the flashpoint holy site over the last two weeks . The fast day commemorates the anniversary of the destruction of the First and Second Temple , as well as several other disasters in Jewish history . The previous record in Jewish visitors to the site was during the most recent Jerusalem Day , marking the city 's reunification , when some 900 Jewish visitors entered the Temple Mount .
Police removed nine Jews who attempted to pray or prostrate themselves , which is against the rules set by the police for visitors , and five were arrested for assaulting police officers and preventing a police officer from performing their duties . Activists claimed that in some cases the arrest was carried out violently .
Three Jewish visitors and one Muslim were among those arrested after fighting by the Chain Gate .
A federal bankruptcy judge Tuesday authorized the Astros to negotiate with third parties on a new business plan for Houston Regional Sports Network , the troubled Astros-Rockets-Comcast partnership that owns Comcast SportsNet Houston .
Judge Marvin Isgur signed what they described as “ a pretty extraordinary ” three-page order that was accepted in a rare show of unanimity among the fractious network partners .
It names the Astros as lead negotiator with authority to “ investigate and negotiate the terms of carriage agreements , broadcast agreements , management agreements , lease agreements , equipment agreements , purchase and sale agreements and debt and equity investments and other matters pertaining to the formulation of a business plan . ”
Judge Isgur 's order , signed 24 hours before the Rockets ' regular-season opener on CSN Houston , has no apparent immediate effect on efforts to line up carriage agreements with DirecTV , Suddenlink or AT & T U-verse .
In search of a ‘ fair deal '
However , it frees Astros owner Jim Crane , who has been critical of the network 's financial performance , to negotiate with parties such as Fox and DirecTV across a wide range of services and scenarios that could impact the future of the Astros and Rockets on TV .
“ We 're very excited about trying to get something done here for the Astros , the Rockets , the fans and the city , ” Crane said . “ We think there is demand . … We 're not looking for the best deal in the universe , just a fair deal that is good for the teams . ”
Crane said they will consult “ with all the players — Fox , DirecTV , AT & T , Time Warner . I will work to try to get something favorable so that we can move on with or without Comcast in the deal . ”
Any agreements into which the Astros enter on the network 's behalf , such as carriage deals or the sale of a portion of the partnership to a third party , are subject to the court 's approval .
Judge Isgur 's order places on hold the Astros ' motion to dismiss the involuntary Chapter 11 bankruptcy case filed Sept. 27 by four Comcast affiliates and Comcast 's motion to name an interim trustee .
They ordered the Astros to hold weekly conference calls with Comcast and the Rockets and set a Nov. 13 status hearing . The order remains in place until another hearing on Dec. 12 .
The agreement was hammered together during several closed-door court sessions and conferences in federal courthouse meeting rooms involving the two dozen or so attorneys taking part in the two-day hearing .
“ I do n't know that I could do this without the consent ( of the feuding parties ) , ” Judge Isgur said . Attorneys for all three partners agreed , and Rockets attorney Alan Gover thanked Isgur for “ the court 's activism . ”
One key element of the order absolves from liability any third party “ that undertakes negotiations or investigations at the Astros ' request. ” The Astros are absolved of liability in similar fashion .
Current carriage stays
It also leaves in place the network 's carriage agreement with Comcast , the largest cable carrier in Houston , which will be a critical asset to bidders .
Isgur 's order was prompted by Crane 's complaints that Comcast/NBC Sports Group has not given the Astros a business plan that allows the network to be profitable .
Comcast witnesses countered that Crane blocked a proposed carriage agreement with DirecTV this spring that they said would have a “ cascading ” effect in lining up other carriers . Internal reports , however , said that even with DirecTV on board , CSN Houston would require several years to become profitable .
The Astros own 46 percent of Houston Regional Sports Network , compared to 32 percent for the Rockets and 22 percent for Comcast , which provided a $ 100 million loan to launch the network Oct. 1 , 2012 . Comcast , in documents filed with the court , said it was interested in buying the entire network if it becomes available and is committed to staying in business in Houston .
We , and several others , are seeing major performance issues on El Capitan 10.11.6 after installing Security Update 2016-003 ( OS build 15G1212 ) . The issue is with WindowServer going `` out to lunch '' after some period of uptime . The issue causes GUI freezes and system lags until the Mac is restarted .
Specifically :
a ) the user will be using the system , and the GUI will appear to `` freeze '' for some period of time ( mouse will still move , but nothing appears to respond to mouse or keyboard input )
b ) eventually , the system will `` catch up '' and all queued UI actions ( window drag/close , etc . ) will happen at once
c ) system will still appear to lag intermittently until it 's restarted - only fix I 've found so far ( uninstalled AV/all third-party kexts/LaunchAgents/LaunchDaemons , cleared caches , etc , no change in behavior )
d ) you 'll find WindowServer userspace_watchdog_timeout.spin logs in /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports . The logs do n't really say much .
watchdogd [ 569 ] : [ watchdog_daemon ] @ ( _wd_daemon_service_thread ) - service ( com.apple.WindowServer ) reported as unresponsive
spindump [ 2113 ] : Saved userspace_watchdog_timeout.spin report for WindowServer version ? ? ? ( ? ? ? ) to /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/WindowServer_2017-01-03-152435_computername.userspace_watchdog_timeout.spin
[ 2113 ] : Removing excessive log : file : ///Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/WindowServer_2016-12-20-112659_computername.userspace_watchdog_timeout.spin
watchdogd [ 569 ] : [ watchdog_daemon ] @ ( __wd_service_report_unresponsive_block_invoke ) - spindump gathered for ( com.apple.WindowServer ) at ( /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/WindowServer_2017-01-03-152435_computername.userspace_watchdog_timeout.spin )
watchdogd [ 569 ] : [ watchdog_daemon ] @ ( _wd_daemon_service_thread ) - service ( com.apple.WindowServer ) reported as unresponsive
WindowServer [ 331 ] : send_datagram_available_ping : pid 2024 failed to act on a ping it dequeued before timing out .
WindowServer [ 331 ] : disable_update_timeout : UI updates were forcibly disabled by application `` SystemUIServer '' for over 1.00 seconds . Server has re-enabled them .
WindowServer [ 331 ] : common_reenable_update : UI updates were finally reenabled by application `` SystemUIServer '' after 4.22 seconds [ 0.24fps ] ( server forcibly re-enabled them after 3.88 seconds
Per : Apple Discussions I do see
kernel [ 0 ] : stalling for detach from IntelAccelerator
kernel [ 0 ] : stalling for detach from IntelAccelerator
on my rMBP at the relevant times .
Also see discussion of it here ( since many other people are reporting/experiencing this , I do not believe it to be anything specific to our environment ) :
More Apple Discussions
Macintouch
Suspect there are bugs in the updated graphics drivers in SecUpd2016-003 . I 've examined the pkg and there most definitely are updated graphics drivers in the update .
We have opened a case with AppleCare Enterprise on this issue ( 100105893834 ) . If anyone is seeing this in their environment , and has AppleCare , please open a case and reference the one above .
We have scientists and developers working with large data sets and having to reboot in the middle of work is problematic . We also have a number of users that access their work systems remotely , and we require smart card login . If the user must reboot they need assistance from IT in order to get logged back in , and sometimes they need to reboot outside of official support hours .
So this issue , which we did not discover in testing since it takes a few days to happen , is becoming very problematic for us , and many others . Strongly recommend that if you have not applied the security update , that you do not install it until this situation is resolved or addressed in a further update .
-- Robert Hammen
Sr Mac Admin , NIH
The all-new Venturing awards program just got a lot more real .
Today the Boy Scouts of America announced the names for the new Venturing awards that will replace the current Bronze , Gold and Silver awards .
Say hello to the Venturing , Discovery , Pathfinder and Summit awards . I 've listed them in order from the first award Venturers will earn upon joining , appropriately named the Venturing Award , to the program 's new top honor , also given a fitting name : the Summit Award .
As I first announced in May of last year , the 16-year-old Venturing program is undergoing major changes that put the focus on “ progressive experiences in the focus areas of Adventure , Leadership , Service and Personal Growth . ”
Venturing , a high-adventure program for young men and women who are at least 14 ( or 13 and finished with the eighth grade ) and younger than 21 , has seen just 0.66 percent of Venturers earn any awards during its history .
That explains the need for fresh , new awards , which were “ developed and tested among youth participants in the program , adult volunteers , human resource recruiters and college admissions counselors , using focus groups and quantitative research , ” according to a news release the BSA shared this morning ( PDF ) .
Venturers may begin using the new awards in May 2014 ; the exact date is undetermined , but it will be around the time of the BSA 's National Annual Meeting , held May 21-23 .
Consider May 2014 to Dec. 31 , 2014 , a transition period during which Venturers may use either the old or new awards . Here 's how that will work :
Bronze , Gold , Silver awards :
– Venturers may continue working on them until Dec. 31 , 2014 .
– Venturers must start working on the new awards beginning on Jan. 1 , 2015 .
– Venturers may continue working on them until Dec. 31 , 2014 . – Venturers must start working on the new awards beginning on Jan. 1 , 2015 . Venturing , Discovery , Pathfinder and Summit awards :
– All Venturers may begin working on them in May 2014 .
– Current Venturers would skip the Venturing Award and begin with working on the Discovery Award ( previously known by the temporary title Level II ) , regardless of whether they 've earned the Bronze , Gold and/or Silver awards .
– New Venturers would begin with the Venturing Award ( previously known by the temporary title Level I ) .
– All Venturers must begin using the new awards beginning on Jan. 1 , 2015 .
The new awards
Venturing Award : The first step in any journey is the courage to begin . At this level , the new crew member makes their commitment to join and move forward into the experience of Venturing .
Discovery Award : The adventure of participating with the crew unfolds , and each Venturer begins to discover their or their interests and talents . As the Discovery Award recipients develop new skills and competencies , their eyes are opened and the world expands for them .
Pathfinder Award : The Venturer 's capabilities and skills expand and with them come increased responsibility for defining their own way forward in life , service to others and formal planning and leadership of the crew toward its goals .
Summit Award : The highest award of Venturing , the Summit Award , goes to those Venturers who have matured in their personal direction , skills , and life competencies , and who have accepted the responsibility to mentor others and serve their communities in a lasting way .
I 'll have much more , including specific requirements and images of the awards , when the full update is released at May 's National Annual Meeting .
What they said
National Venturing President Annaliese Parker : “ The new Venturing award structure will make Venturing more relevant to the youth of today — while strengthening the Venturing program without detracting from anything going on in the Venturing program today . I have no doubt in my mind that this is one of the greatest changes in Venturing in the past 15 years .
BSA National President Wayne Perry : “ Boy Scouts of America is fully committed to the Venturing program , these new awards , and the great things that are going to happen with this new Venturing program . ”
Program updates page
Stay on top of changes to Venturing ( and Cub Scouting and Boy Scouting ) at the BSA 's official Program Updates page .
Photo from BSA Venturing Facebook page ( be sure to Like them for the latest updates ) . Thanks to Bob Scott , the BSA 's senior innovation manager , for the info .
This month I want to show you some of my pictures from one of the most wonderful place I 've visited so far – the Falkland Islands . For me it 's like a paradise , well , “ a bit ” cold paradise , where I was observing hundreds of the penguins everyday . The rockhopper penguin is one of the four penguin species that you 'll certainly meet when you visit these lovely remote islands . Is n't it cute ?
________________________________________________________________
W tym miesiącu zaprezentuję Wam zdjęcia z jednego z moich ulubionych miejsc – Falklandy . Ze względu na pingwiny , które można spotkać na każdym kroku , czułam się tam jak w raju , co prawda nie najcieplejszym raju… Będąc na Falklandach , na pewno spotkacie cztery rodzaje pingwinów , a widoczny na zdjęciu pingwin skalny jest jednym z nich . Czyż nie jest uroczy ?
The James Bond series may be 55 years old , but it 's still the prettiest girl at the ball . After finishing their four-film distribution deal with Sony following the release of Spectre in 2015 , 007 owners Eon Productions and MGM started shopping around for a new partner . Right now , the bulk of the suitors are the older , more established companies . However , it seems that Annapurna , the young hotshot behind some of the most interesting and daring movies of the past few years , has thrown its hat into the ring .
The New York Times has the juicy details on the five-way showdown for the James Bond distribution rights . Heavy-hitters like Warner Bros. , Universal Pictures , and 20th Century Fox have been courting Eon and MGM , attempting to woo the lucrative franchise into being their date to the blockbuster prom . However , Sony is n't taking the break-up lying down . They 're standing on Eon and MGM 's lawn with boombox . Or rather , they 're pitching the Bond producers on their deal from a recreation of a set seen in the first James Bond movie , 1962 's Dr. No . Seriously . They 're thirsty , but you have to admire the commitment .
However , the most interesting contender is Annapurna Pictures , Megan Ellison 's company that was founded in 2011 and has distributed movies like The Master , Zero Dark Thirty , Her , Foxcatcher , and Spring Breakers . They dipped their toe into more mainstream waters with last year 's Sausage Party and they apparently liked how it felt . They 're a fair bit more adventurous than your typical studio , throwing their weight behind unique filmmakers and eclectic projects . Do they have the muscle to co-finance and distribute the next James Bond movie , which will undoubtedly cost north of $ 200 million to produce ? Who knows . But it 's the kind of move that will let them dig in their heels and play with the big guys .
One of the most interesting notes in the article is that the James Bond franchise is n't even especially lucrative for the distributor . Here 's an example :
Under its previous agreement , Sony paid 50 percent of the production costs for Spectre — which totaled some $ 250 million after accounting for government incentives — but only received 25 percent of certain profits , once costs were recouped . Sony also shouldered tens of millions of dollars in marketing and had to give MGM a piece of the profit from non-Bond films Sony had in its own pipeline , including 22 Jump Street .
So , why does everyone want in on this ? It 's simple , really : because being the company that releases James Bond movies is cool . Not to mention that fact that the Bond movies are huge enough to essentially guarantee some profit , even if it 's not much .
In any case , the studio that wins the day will be the studio that most impresses producers Barbara Broccoli ( the daughter of original Bond producer Albert R. Broccoli ) and Michael G. Wilson ( her half brother ) , who have been steering the 007 franchise since the '90s . What 's currently unknown is whether or not Daniel Craig will return one more time , although the article notes that they have an upcoming gap in their schedule that would be just right for the 25th James Bond adventure .
Proposed legislation would require law enforcement agencies to have a warrant or “ extreme exigent circumstances ” to use drone surveillance .
WASHINGTON – A proposed law will be considered by Congress that is aimed at protecting individual privacy from the rising number of government and commercial drones in use .
Introduced by Sen. Edward J. Markey , D-Mass. , and Rep. Peter Welch , D-Vt. , the Drone Aircraft Privacy and Transparency Act has been referred to the House Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Energy and Commerce , according to biometricupdate.com .
“ What happens if there are drones that are gathering , through facial recognition , who is shopping on Main Street and selling that to advertisers ? ” Markey told a Senate Commerce Committee hearing on future drone use .
The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) assembled a drone advisory committee , which Recode reports FAA Office of Unmanned Aircraft Systems director Earl Lawrence referred to in response to Markey . The National Telecommunications and Information Administration ( NTIA ) published voluntary best practices guidelines in 2016 , which recommends some similar steps to notifying the public of data collection practices as those proposed in the Act .
The act requires applicants to the FAA for drone licenses to submit a data collection statement . The statement must include who will operate the drone , where it will fly , what kind of data will be collected and how it will be used , whether it will be sold to third parties , and how long it will be retained for .
It requires law enforcement agencies to have a warrant or “ extreme exigent circumstances ” to use drone surveillance . It also requires law enforcement agencies , their contractors and subcontractors to include an additional statement on how they will minimize data collection and retention of data unrelated to investigation of a crime , biometricupdate.com reports . The FAA would also be required to create a website to list approved licenses , and the related data collection and minimization statements , as well as times and locations of drone flights , and data security breaches suffered by licensees .
The searchable information provided by the website would be required under the Act to disclose each drone 's technical capabilities , including facial recognition capabilities .
“ Drones flying overhead could collect very sensitive and personally identifiable information about millions of Americans , but right now , we do n't have sufficient safeguards in place to protect our privacy , ” said Senator Markey , a member of the Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee .
The FAA estimates that up to 2.7 million commercial unmanned aircraft will be sold each year in the U.S. by 2020 .
While doing research on on cattails for medical and edible uses for my
I learned that this is an amazing survival plant . Starting from the fact the different parts taste different , from cucumber to corn to asparagus taste . The roots can be made into flour . and the list goes on . Its medical uses are amazing to .
But to my surprise the other uses the plant has been very useful in survival ... the Indians took full advantage of it and in a survival situation this can come in handy .
First you can go here to read about its medical and edible uses
Click Here
The fluff from the fully bloomed flower head is water repellent it can be used in bedding and as winter insulation in clothes and shoes . While doing research on on cattails for medical and edible uses for my herb section I learned that this is an amazing survival plant . Starting from the fact the different parts taste different , from cucumber to corn to asparagus taste . The roots can be made into flour . and the list goes on . Its medical uses are amazing to.But to my surprise the other uses the plant has been very useful in survival ... the Indians took full advantage of it and in a survival situation this can come in handy.First you can go here to read about itsThe fluff from the fully bloomed flower head is water repellent it can be used in bedding and as winter insulation in clothes and shoes .
This can be made into green and brown paper
It is still used as weaving on furniture
My gram has a very old set of chairs that have the original weaving and used daily . That is strong it is .
You can make fish and crab traps out of it .
Cattail cord used for fishing ( this one is a video )
What about roof tops if you layer it and mud it is could be really soild .
Mats for the inside of your shelter
Cattail baskets
Mats for the inside of your shelterCattail baskets
Walls and window covers
Hats
the mature flower makes great touches and tinder
Indians made toys for their kids
Cover bottles to given them some insulation .. ( and make them pretty )
An old Indian vest , so you can make some clothing stuff from them
Flip flops and shoes
Hunting decoys
Song for this post has to be Pussywillows , Cat-Tails |-Gordon Lightfoot
Now that really IS the wrong type of snow on the line ! It 's not just in Britain where the weather is bringing travel chaos
As Britain struggles to cope with a few inches of snow , spare a thought for the travellers who were trapped on this train in Mongolia .
Snow drifts several metres deep meant an army of rescue workers had to be sent out to free the passengers from their carriages .
Heavy snow and unusually harsh winter weather snarled up transport across India , northern China and South Korea .
Wrong type of snow : Police prepare to shovel away snow that left a train stranded in Shangdu , Inner Mongolia
Getting back on the tracks : Rescue workers dig away underneath the stricken Mongolian train
Major roads in Beijing and Tianjin , as well as nearby provinces Hebei , Shanxi and Inner Mongolia , were forced to close due to the heavy snow .
The snow shows no sign of stopping , however , and temperatures are expected to drop to -16C in Beijing today , causing more problems for those attempting to return to work after a three-day New Year holiday .
Clearing the way : A man uses a snowplough to clean the road at Seoul plaza downtown in the South Korean capital
Beijing began the working week after a blast of harsh cold and heavy snow blanketed the capital and surrounding cities over the weekend , paralysing highways and forcing the cancellation of dozens of flights .
As the cold snap moved east , swathes of the Korean peninsula were also hit by heavy snow choking up the rush-hour commute in Seoul , where the main domestic airport , Gimpo , cancelled all domestic flights .
INDIA
In the northern Indian plains , close to 100 people died in the cold wave keeping its grip with rain and snow in the mountainous regions , drastically bringing down temperatures .
The victims were mostly poor people forced to live rough , sleeping on the streets or in many cases out in the open with little or no covering .
The majority of the victims , about 72 , were from the poorest and relatively underdeveloped Uttar Pradesh province , north of the federal capital , New Delhi , where state help was limited .
UNITED STATES
Freezing weather have gripped large parts of the U.S. with no relief in sight for the rest of the week .
The US experienced its coldest winter in nine years in December as snow storms swept across the country , said private weather forecaster Planalytics .
'Following the warmest November since 2001 , the month of December 2009 ended the coldest since 2000 , ' a Planalytics analyst said .
The wind chill took the temperatures in Minneapolis , Minnesota , down to -17C .
F-f-fetch ! A dog-walker wraps up warm in Minneapolis , where temperatures have plunged to -17C
While the upper Midwest is used to frigid weather , the sunshine state Florida is also suffering freezing temperatures .
The Panhandle and much of northern Florida is under a hard freeze warning , the National Weather Service says . The warning extended almost down to Tampa along the Gulf Coast .
Florida officials have been urging residents , visitors and farmers to prepare for temperatures near or below the freezing mark this week .
Along with the dangerously cold temperatures , residents in Montana are braced for blizzard conditions with snowfall of 12 to 20 inches possible across parts of the state .
In Chicago , residents bundled up on another bitterly cold day .
Despite the dangerous cold , some people ventured out - especially parishioners at Holy Name Cathedral .
'It 's God first . Even though weather is terrible , we 've still got to go to church , ' Alez Alverez told CNN .
In the Northeast , the Weather Service warned that a large storm off the New England coast would continue to bring heavy snow to much of central New York state .
RUSSIA
A country much more used to dealing with high levels of snow , Russia saw temperature lows of a chilling -20C in Moscow today .
Those travelling on trains at stations near the Russian city of Vorkuta , attempted to continue their journeys despite the freezing conditions .
A worker tries to clear the train tracks while a man , unaware of the train approaching him , attempts to cross
Workers also tried to sweep snow from the train tracks , but found it was falling too fast to clear .
However , two men making the most of the snow were Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin who decided to take to the slopes in Krasnaya Polyana near the Black Sea resort of Sochi in southern Russia .
The duo donned heavy jackets and goggles as they skiied together , with Putin looking serious as the pair indulged in some seemingly serious political conversations .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ( right ) and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on their skiing trip
The pair relax on a snowmobile after exerting themselves skiing
GERMANY
The snow caused more problems with flights in Germany , with one jet veering off the runway at Dortmund airport in western Germany .
The Air Berlin Boeing 737-800 braked to abort the take-off due to a 'technical irregularity ' , but none of the 165 passengers and six crew members were injured .
All passengers and crew were left unharmed after the Air Berlin plane aborted its take-off
The plane was not damaged but flights from the airport were cancelled or diverted for a large part of the day .
Airline spokesperson Diane Daedelow said : ' A combination of the snowy weather and the speed the plane was travelling at forced the plane to skid off the runway . '
Over 30 flights from Frankfurt airport were also cancelled this morning .
Snow covers the trees on the mountain Schauinsland in the Black Forest , Germany
Tourists photograph each other beside the snow-covered concrete steles at the Memorial for the Murdered Jews of Europe in Berlin
Logic has always been that Quebecor , the company behind the efforts to bring the National Hockey League back to Quebec , would be better off being the landing spot for a current franchise in need of a new home .
The league has no interest in leaving the Phoenix market no matter how many columns guaranteed the Coyotes were Vegas bound last Summer . They may move out of Glendale eventually but the moving vans are not headed to Vegas , they will probably head to downtown Phoenix where the team belongsThe Panthers are staying in Surprise , Florida until at least 2023 thanks to a Broward County $ 86 million financial package .
That brings us to the Carolina Hurricanes who are filling only 65 % of the PNC Arena . The obvious reason is because the Hurricanes will once again not take part in the postseason…which does n't inspire the folks of Raleigh to attend… which sparks talk of relocation . To give this proper perspective the Columbus Blue Jackets are second from the bottom while filling only 77.7 % of the Nationwide Arena .
Owner Peter Karmanos has talked about how stupid it would be to leave with ten years on their lease which really just runs through 2024 . They receive 100 % of all parking and concessions for all non-North Carolina State events and a discount on utilities . The reality is that no matter how good of a deal Karmanos has they need to either fill their arena or sell the team which they have been trying to do for some time .
This past week numerous reports have surfaced stating Karmanos has been shopping their team to Quebecor who I 've said all along is more equip to pay a relocation fee than they are to pony up an expansion fee of $ 500 million American dollars .
With the Loonie at just under 77 cents compared to the dollar that would mean that Quebecor would have to pay $ 615,000 in a franchise fee . Far more than the cost to relocate a team which could save them over $ 200 million .
The nature of the discussions were not known , but today we come across photos that showed Commissioner Gary Bettman and Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly getting out of a limo in front of a hotel in Montreal , home of Qubecor 's main offices .
This all becomes too coincidental after awhile and although there is no guarantee either side 's visit is related , it does seem peculiar that both were in town .
So how does this relate to Las Vegas . First , when Gary Bettman speaks about a first year team they appear committed to making them competitive , so the easiest way to achieve that is to allow them and only them to be part of an expansion draft . In fact , it seems unlikely to me that a second expansion team will happen anytime soon because there 's no way you would get owners on board with a second expansion draft to take place under the proposed and very expansion friendly rules .
Second , If Karmanos was shopping their team to potential buyers then why was they not in Vegas . Would you not want to negotiate the best deal for yourself or do you already know that Vegas is off the table leaving Quebec as your only option .
One could easily sense that a Las Vegas expansion announcement is eminent perhaps on the 6th of April when the new T-Mobile Arena will open for its first official event , that would be Killer .
The State Department raised the issue of human rights with China on Sunday , the 28th anniversary of the protests in Tiananmen Square .
“ We call again on China to make a full accounting of those killed , detained , or missing due to the events of June 4 , 1989 , ” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws their name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration 's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE said in a statment .
“ We urge China to cease harassment of family members seeking redress and to release from prison those who have been jailed for striving to keep the memory of Tiananmen Square alive . ”
The Chinese military killed hundreds of student-led protesters and detained thousands more during a crackdown in the square on June 4 , 1989 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Tillerson on Sunday also called on “ the Chinese government to respect the universal rights and fundamental freedoms of all its citizens . ”
Their statement follows criticism over an address they gave to State Department employees last month .
Tillerson , in that address , drew a distinction between a nation 's policies and values .
`` I think it 's really important that all of us understand the difference between policy and values , and in some circumstances , we should and do condition our policy engagements on people adopting certain actions as to how they treat people , '' Tillerson said at the time . `` We should demand that . But that does n't mean that 's the case in every situation . ''
After the release of the August 2015 leaderboard , we 've seen many players dive into Hero League , hoping to dash their way to the top of the leaderboards . Without further ado , feast your eyes on the Top 200 players for the month of September .
As a reminder , in order to be eligible for the leaderboard , players must meet the following criteria :
Play a minimum of 50 games
Must have reached Rank 1 in the month of September
The following players , representing the Americas region and ranked by MMR , are numbered below for your viewing pleasure .
Hero League
Srey Strange McIntyre Kladeous erho Prismaticism Bebhead Khroen LordUrano Mirr Megalomaniac Killsky robadobah bigempct kumano GamesChess foerest chu8 chu8 Trinity Traitorr KingCaffeine Rincent Batterry Mysticleez Ratan Sashin KilluZiioN GOAT Hosty SleepyBear Rentaro Biceps Gizmo Subnova Rafflewaffle MichaelUdall jollygood Jeleto Nazmas Johz PerfectIsSht ItsBNasty Qué Saitoz DrunkSoraka TigerJK Colo1900 Nittt Tarinai Jun Carnage PyratRum Eldgon zugrug Sirius Smikies Wiz Ninja HandleBars Jschritte SUMbobori MISTERTABACO Amakel HORSEPANTS PepsiCola Nervi Revolv2Solve Shot Unitedterror Ubnik CarlTheLlama betoxd Volt Zixz ClunkyMonkey TalkingTrees HelenHunt akaface Umadibet Meteora Taxadar protoges Yuuj Shales CptScrewball worldclass SharK xcyteZ alan Malheven Morter AlexCMoi stevetorious Dayun Dotod FakerFangirl YoDa Tei Taliant Meadow takada oMrXo BAECITY Botha Bluecrayon Arcaner Clawed tn2389 Darkened Hack Sunshine TommyShark Raptur3 Onlyhope Shadowkira stj Chrisylo Hikisaka Naryt EzSkillshot sleepy Lightbringer FrozenX Éricke Deltron Pkchu Zerato Odukgalion insomnia haeun hiimrick bnc NadeBot FATE KainDurain Yewki Insyder Nurok Cris Harmless Kemet mewnfare Capricorn Kcramal Rhaeyn Naeiou Deschain Sios Bucklucky Kruvin erytnIcM Micro Darkchimaera Jaemz Bassdrop DeMiSe000 EmberStrike Cavalry LexUther Neeew JimJam Novus Toejamnearl Metales PentaUnleash TonePhone Seraphim blueb00ger sharper Etanclan Irlpwner JimmyLv SneakyTurtle kjai Dominus TRUE PIS Kachi PaperTofu Kalabunga Deadlyice cwCwCW Tsukima Doomzito Jim JMDj kinkyfairy MadCat Saturnine KingofSkillz allstarz Dragont3mp Wargreymon Ith Mihr Fate Illuzion Gary3k TribalZ
Team League
Insyder Kouto Fenix Wraith Arakho Sunshine GSLEWISH Ballinbeast Trummel h0ns cattlepillar Blinks Jaximus Grandork Hydra Mysticleez DarkPantherz Rasako Hikisaka Metales LordUrano Srey Khroen Smikies Jeleto Gizmo # Batterry Kladeous Yuuj ChimneyBaus SoupMaster Roflcopter Kaegok Taxadar Ikkyy TalkingTrees Traitorr Malheven Megalomaniac Chrisylo Axiom ConcreteJab erho WiLT3D Avan Yewki Jynx Evileye Toejamnearl Theoculus nightmare HandleBars JoaoGrandao Perseverance MicroManage JamesFranco Prometheus Frustrated insomnia Shupler Dotod CragHack Nittt Landoman AlexCMoi Eri DaSakura Juninhogdc MFoo sueko Logoz Xinso Jun TonePhone lozeng Retrubtion Beargeist NadeBot SagaZ Ozzy Naryt Stylent Kraze Ryxie Bhara Necrollyte Gar Komatix Tarinai Tomster EmberStrike Sios iSpiritWolf Crunkjuice haeun EscapingJail FakerFangirl Mute Alone UnusuaL EnzoDiLucca DämonenJäger BillCollings Jyve Saitoz kumano Risenbane Acradem Darkchimaera CHUNKY911 Bobori Strange DEUS Aki DocDestroy Nomis Halfbreed hamchook DoomFate FatherMajor Bile Deltron Kosoya Shikasta Bomberdawg Dawgenstien Kero Neeew Steven Altoholic Dragon1414 PIS Kruvin Ultimated betoxd SSkuLL Reinner Sperbeck Hosen vietking Mirana Arcaner Coffeerage Tytherius Mario BroMontana Nessper hx9 Seraphim Immoralfeife KilicK bigempct Tylan CarlTheLlama Illusionist Mastersistem Kcramal Maximiano CodyNemz Shales Molsons Ruckle Wartortle Diamond Statutory MjaM Fozi Enaigon xau GummiBear Tarik BlueAbyss Ith LzGaMeR Kangorth AyyLMAO Benjamin94 robadobah DasDo0kie Pkchu Fekt Rags Sashin Basickz Vodkacho Naeiou Chop Jschritte King Kobu Homunculus Aether RhyNgoh AiZanDe Éricke Dougz Kirbyteam SamuraiDrak valha galefrost
Congratulations to those who have secured top slots in their respective leagues . We 'll see you next month for the October leaderboard !
Estonia is the only country in the world where citizens have used remote internet voting in municipal , national and European elections . Meelis Kitsing offers a brief overview of the last five elections , highlighting key elements of the voting process . They argue that although online voting is faster and cheaper , it does n't necessarily work to the benefit of all citizens .
The first possibility to vote online in Estonia was offered in the municipal elections in October 2005 when almost two per cent of all voters ( see the table below ) – one per cent of the electorate – took advantage of this new system . This experiment was followed by parliamentary elections in April 2007 , where 5.4 per cent of votes is submitted online . In June 2009 , European Parliament Elections were held where close to 15 per cent of votes is submitted online . In the last municipal elections in October 2009 almost 16 per cent of the votes were cast online . In the 2011 elections to the Estonian parliament , internet votes made up more than 24 per cent of all votes .
Table : Internet Voting in the Estonian Elections ( 2005-2011 )
Source : Created by the author on the basis of data from the Estonian National Electoral Committee
The key element in Estonian internet voting is the national identity card , which can be used in both online and offline environments . The government introduced ID-cards in 2002 to provide a more secure and sophisticated substitute for older online identification methods . Even though the government had issued half a million ID-cards by March 2005 , many people did not use ID-cards for online transactions because they used older identification techniques .
As the table above shows , 61 per cent of all internet voters were the first online ID card users in the 2005 elections . The 2007 elections were the first time online users of ID-cards made up 39 per cent . Overall , only 25,000 ID card-owners used their cards online in 2006 . In 2009 , the number of online users of ID-cards had increased ten-fold to about 250,000 . Subsequently , the percentage of first time online ID-card users in the European elections dropped to 19 per cent and in the municipal elections to 18.5 per cent . Internet voting is a story of a typical adoption process where early adopters proved the ID-card to be a reliable way to vote online and conduct other transactions . As more and more people began using their ID-cards for daily transactions ( e.g . banking and government services ) , they felt increasingly comfortable in using the card for voting , too .
The costs and benefits
The data shows that higher turnout is correlated with higher use of internet voting in the municipal and parliamentary elections . Nevertheless , there is no strong evidence that internet voting has led to higher turnout in the elections . Empirically , it is difficult to establish causality between the availability of internet voting and turnout . There are too many variables which may be correlated with higher or lower turnout , and internet voting is just one aspect . Scholars who have used survey data in their analyses have found that internet voting mobilises casual voters and that 10-15 per cent of internet voters probably would not have voted without this option . At the same time , methodologically more sophisticated work , which accounts for substitution effects , has shown that online voting has not leaded to higher turnout .
Conceptually , it is clear that electronic voting reduces transaction costs and enhances efficiency in the voting process . Citizens find it easier to cast their vote and they face lower voting ‘ costs ' . The key outcome of Estonian internet voting is that the provision of online channels for electoral participation removes another barrier by making voting more “ convenient ” for existing voters .
However , the benefits of electronic voting , such as reduced transaction costs , are only one side of the coin . On the other side , electronic voting also has costs – e.g . reduced civic engagement , privacy and security concerns . Most importantly , making voting cheaper and faster may not be necessary and clearly is not a sufficient condition for encouraging higher participation in elections . For those who do not believe in the electoral process , for whatever reason , the transactional nature of internet voting does not offer any compelling arguments to change their views . For those who consider voting time-consuming and confusing , internet voting may reduce some of the transaction costs associated with voting , but not enough .
Even though 80 per cent of the Estonian population uses the internet , online voting also carries a distributional impact . As internet-connected computers are widespread in many public places and smart phone usage is also on the increase , the question is not so much about access to technology , but about different skill levels in its use . Naturally , older and less educated segments of the population can experience significant barriers in exploiting internet voting . The distribution of online votes does not correspond to the overall distribution of votes . Two main centre-right parties which make up the current coalition government tend to get a significantly higher share of internet votes than the populist Center Party . Unsurprisingly , the beneficiaries of the new system were actively pushing for the implementation of remote electronic voting , while the losers have criticised and highlighted its shortcomings .
Ultimately , an increasing number of Estonians have taken advantage of internet voting primarily because it makes voting faster and cheaper . The Estonian experiment not only benefits those voters , but has also created a real world laboratory for improving our understanding of both the advantages and disadvantages of internet voting .
This article originally appeared at Democratic Audit
Please read our comments policy before commenting .
Note : This article gives the views of the author , and not the position of EUROPP – European Politics and Policy , nor of the London School of Economics .
Shortened URL for this post : http : //bit.ly/1hocbwy
_________________________________
About the author
Meelis Kitsing – Estonian Business School
Meelis Kitsing is director of the Center for Free Economic Thought and a lecturer at the Estonian Business School . They earned their MSc in Politics of the World Economy from LSE in 2001 .
Bar owners in Copenhagen are begging the government to help protect them from groups of Muslims that are attempting to shut their businesses down and impose “ Sharia zones . ”
These bar owners say that Muslims are extorting them for money , chucking rocks through windows and engaging in other acts of vandalism to intimidate patrons , International Business Times reports .
“ Recently some young men came into the bar and shouted that all guests should leave , ” Heidi Dyrnesli from Cafe Heimdal told Radio24syv .
“ They shouted that the site belongs to them and that Norrebro is a Sharia zone , so there is no drinking alcohol , ” Dyrnesli said .
Birgitte Fischer , who runs Mucki Bar , says Muslims demanded that they pay $ 9,200 as so-called protection money .
The police meanwhile have done nothing but downplay pleas . Continued protests from establishment owners , however , have resulted in a visit from Denmark 's Minister for Integration Inger Stoejberg to Norrebro , a suburb of Copenhagen . Two women called Stoejberg a “ fascist ” and “ Nazi ” for simply for touring the area . They were subsequently detained .
Muslim youths who spoke to Stoejberg said the problem was n't a big deal at all , saying they were just trying to stir up support for anti-immigration policies .
“ You live , and live in the greatest country in the world . Opportunities are right in front of you . So stop your rampage , threats and yelling ! ” Stoejberg said on Facebook in response .
“ No I can guarantee you that it is not [ a Sharia zone ] and will never be ! And you 're kinda pretty lucky that this is not a Sharia zone , as you get a fair trial when the police get a hold of you , ” they added .
A group named “ Call to Islam , ” which promotes Salafism , was kicked off Muslim patrols five years ago in Denmark . Since then , these groups have declared parts of the country to be “ Sharia-controlled zones. ” Muslims then move about in packs in the area and try and enforce their conception of morality on Danes .
Follow Jonah Bennett on Twitter
Send tips to jonah @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
By Brenda Norrell
Censored News
UPDATE Sept. 20 , 2016 'Free Olowan ' rally for jailed Lakota grandmother :
http : //bsnorrell.blogspot.com/2016/09/photos-free-olowan-rally-at-morton.html
UPDATE MIDNIGHT : Red Warrior Camp said , `` The Morton County Jail booking process of the water protectors continued on into the evening hours . Jail officials informed the Camp 's legal team that the North Dakota States Attorney , Al Koppy , had ordered that only a North Dakota licensed attorney could visit the jailed water protectors , which is a violation of their constitutional right to counsel of their choosing for initial consultation . '' Read more :
cannonball , North Dakota -- Morton County Sheriff 's Office is denying jailed water protectors contact with an attorney , so they are unable to post bail tonight .
More than 20 water protectors were arrested today defending the Missouri River water from the construction of Dakota Access Pipeline .
Cody Hall , media spokesperson for Red Warrior Camp , said jail staff are using the excuse that none of the Standing Rock Camp attorneys are licensed in the State of North Dakota .
Hall said police in riot gear with semi-automatic weapons arrested the water protectors today .
Breaking news , please check back
. Watch video below .
: Red Warrior Camp said , `` The Morton County Jail booking process of the water protectors continued on into the evening hours . Jail officials informed the Camp 's legal team that the North Dakota States Attorney , Al Koppy , had ordered that only a North Dakota licensed attorney could visit the jailed water protectors , which is a violation of their constitutional right to counsel of their choosing for initial consultation . '' Read more : http : //bsnorrell.blogspot.com/2016/09/jailed-water-protectors-denied.html cannonball , North Dakota -- Morton County Sheriff 's Office is denying jailed water protectors contact with an attorney , so they are unable to post bail tonight.More than 20 water protectors were arrested today defending the Missouri River water from the construction of Dakota Access Pipeline.Cody Hall , media spokesperson for Red Warrior Camp , said jail staff are using the excuse that none of the Standing Rock Camp attorneys are licensed in the State of North Dakota.Hall said police in riot gear with semi-automatic weapons arrested the water protectors today.Breaking news , please check back . Watch video below .
Update :
Please call and leave messages of encouragement for our brothers and sisters that are being deatined without bail !
Call the below number to leave a mess age for our 23 detained realtives :
Morton County Correction Center Voicemail , 701-663-9984
313 SHARES Share Tweet
There 's this moment in GREEN ROOM when Pat , the lead singer , turns around and tells their band The Ai n't Rights what song they 're going to start the night with . Out in the crowd , attendees look on as their patience grows audibly thin . This punk band from god-knows-where is invading their shithole bar out in the middle of nowhere , and they 're anything but happy about it . What should be an intimidating and defeating moment for The Ai n't Rights turns out to be their last great moment together . The song in question is a cover of Dead Kennedys ' “ Nazi Punks Fuck Off ” ; an intensely political song that 's used like a planted flag to establish themselves in a room full of boots and braces as the greatest punk band of all fucking time .
I remember asking director Jeremy Saulnier about that scene . Ignorantly , I assumed The Ai n't Rights were antagonizing the crowd ; going so far as to suggest that perhaps if they did n't take it that far they might have avoided what transpired over the course of the film . Mr. Saulnier explained what seems obvious to me now in hindsight . That this was a type of jailhouse posturing . The Ai n't Rights were standing up for themselves and demanding respect from the hostile crowd . Growing up in my part of Brooklyn , the punk movement did n't really penetrate my bubble , but I did have hip-hop . And like hip-hop , punk is inherently about speaking truth to power . The Ai n't Rights showed their strength as a response to adversity . They did n't run . They did n't placate . They stood up against hate , and for a brief moment , they triumphed .
These days , given our current political environment , GREEN ROOM resonates more now than I could have ever imagined . Pat , played by the late , great Anton Yelchin is perfect as a regular guy that just wants to hang with their friends and rock out . As someone who utterly rejects our current administration ( btw , my opinions are mine , I do n't speak for my team , etc , etc . ) I 've thought of that Dead Kennedys ' cover song often . I know , like in GREEN ROOM , there will be losses . We have travel bans being enforced , science being denied , and vicious behavior being normalized . Just like in GREEN ROOM , the odds feel overwhelmingly stacked against some of us . And these days we take what we can get . I am Pat 's enduring spirit , I can accept losing some battles as long as we stand for something and make it out alive .
In GREEN ROOM , the antagonist , Darcy , who is expertly played by the one and only Patrick Stewart , is a cold and calculated man–almost admirable in their efficiency . The type of man that smiles in your face while their underling twists the blade into your ribs . That underling is probably bar owner Gabe . Gabe is the type of guy that 'll dig the knife in deeper than their boss smiles gleefully in your face . Darcy is far more than the brains of the operation . They have status and reach , that not only gives them influence but also credibility . If Darcy says jump , you jump . He 's the face of every man that 's ever wanted to conquer the world . They are beguiling and reserved , which lends to them being a leader . When the culture wars begin , it 'll be Darcy that leads them every step of the way . That cold calculation is one of the most intriguing parts of GREEN ROOM . We watch Darcy as they keep theirs moves two steps ahead of everyone else . They anticipate the reaction to their actions before they make their next move . They weave a web that gives the movie a strong foundation of logic and pragmatism .
Above all else , what GREEN ROOM gets right on so many levels is the overwhelming feeling of despair the band finds themselves in . This is n't about their political views . This is about their survival . They found themselves in a horrifying situation ; unwittingly witnessing violence on such a level that essentially runs them out of town . They do n't want to solve the mystery . They do n't want to be heroes . They simply want to survive and to exist another day . I 'm sure there are a lot of us that can relate to The Ai n't Rights . We see stories of reluctant heroes all the time . People that have found ways to not only survive but to inspire others to be heroes in their own right . Enter Amber .
Other than Pat , Amber ( who is played exquisitely by Imogen Poots ) is my favorite character in GREEN ROOM . Right from the jump , we can see they have a complicated relationship with Darcy 's crew . Are they part of them ? Are they a victim ? I watch on as they navigate this complicated situation wondering what role she 'll play as the story unfolds . Jeremy Saulnier is a skilled writer . He 's capable of adding subtle complexities into their characters . Amber is no different . We 're all Amber right now , caught in the middle of a struggle we did n't ask for . We 're being asked to stand up in the face of hostility and scream fuck off . If we do it or not is up to us , as it was up to them
The ending to GREEN ROOM is also something of a triumph in storytelling . Things do n't end in a boom . The Ai n't Rights do n't save the world Captain America-style from a fascist future . They simply leave their mark . They refuse to go quietly into that night . They refuse to give in . This idea leads me to this thought that I 've been mulling over lately ; especially this week . What do we do with all the nazis ?
I 'm not being glib , I 'm being honest . Yes , we can and will push back against them , but we are n't going to exile them from the country . We are n't going to feed them to the dogs . We 'll make sure we 're always there to counter their hate , but then what ? Do we simply hope they go away ? For every Big Justin taking orders , there is a calculating Darcy that 's giving them . The Darcys of the world are smart enough and determined enough to push the limits of what we as a society are willing to tolerate .
I 'm not going to pretend I have the answer to that one . I both hate what 's going on in the world today and love what GREEN ROOM reveals about the human spirit . GREEN ROOM is about the struggle to survive against seemingly insurmountable odds . But it 's also specifically about fighting back against Neo-Nazis and hate groups of their ilk . It 's chilling that it feels more relatable today than it did when it came out in May last year . So I take it all in stride . I watch as the Pats and Ambers of the world turn into heroes and watch as others learn from them . So no , I do n't have the solution to the world 's problems , but hopefully GREEN ROOM can at least inspire some of us to stand up in the face of hate and tell it to fuck off .
Originally published January 12 , 2003
When things in the Middle East finally kick off , George W Bush will be able to field 120,000 troops , three carrier battle groups and more than 1,000 aircraft , including naval F-18 Hornets and F-14 Tomcats . There will probably be three nuclear submarines on stand-by , too , as well as countless tanks and Tomahawk cruise missiles .
Now let 's be brutally honest , shall we ? A force as big as this would be enough to conquer Britain or France . Probably both . At the same time . So why use it on Iraq , which has no navy , an air force that was wiped out by George W 's dad and an army that would much rather be back in Baghdad , running the family carpet shop ?
The problem is , of course , that Iraq has access to a limitless supply of the Third World 's most fearsome fighting weapon — the Toyota pick-up truck .
Whenever you tune to the news coverage of some far-flung conflict , the motley army with its collection of home-made AK-47s is always seen tearing to the front line in a wide and varied selection of flat-bed Toyotas . It 's the Taliban Tonka toy , the Tamils ' Tiger tank , and it 's not hard to see why .
One minute it 's a troop transporter and the next it 's a hospital ship . And that 's just the start . With a tube on the back , it 's a Scud launcher , and with a gun it 's an armoured personnel carrier . Fit a conning tower and it could probably pass muster as a hunter-killer submarine , too .
Furthermore , the Toyota pick-up is a fearsome off-road campaigner . Many years ago I drove one extensively around the Arabian desert , and though it was old and knackered — we called it the Millennium Falcon — it really could reach parts of the Middle East that other beards could n't .
For the past decade or so America 's answer to the multi-skilled Toyota has been the High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle . Or the HMMWV , for short . Not that HMMWV is particularly short , which is why most people call it the Humvee .
With its wheels spaced far apart so it can run in the tracks left by tanks , it has a 6.5-litre diesel engine and 16in of ground clearance — double that of any other four-wheel-drive car .
2003 : the year in cars
 The red-carpet star in Hollywood is … the Toyota Prius . The hybrid is so trendy that it 's used to take stars including Cameron Diaz and Harrison Ford to the Oscars .
 Britain 's first toll motorway , offering relief from M6 jams , opens around Birmingham .
After the Second World War General Patton said victory was due in no small measure to the Willys Jeep and some said the same of the Humvee after Desert Storm in 1991 . ( Though the Iraqi army 's decision to run away might have had something to do with it as well ) .
Indeed , back at home Arnold Schwarzenegger was so enamoured of the Humvee they went to the manufacturer and insisted it make one for civilian use .
The result was spectacularly bad . Conversation between the driver and a passenger was impossible , partly because the seats were 5ft apart and partly because in between was that huge , rattly diesel engine . But also because the driver in question was Schwarzenegger , whose accent is indecipherable even on a clear , still day .
Then there was the price : $ 100,000 . Not that this put people off . I have a friend in Abu Dhabi — I wo n't give you their name : it starts with Their Highness and ends two weeks later — who bought 20 of the damn things , and then sent one to Germany to be fitted with an electrically operated soft top . That cost them another $ 100,000 .
Just last week we went for a spin in it through their garden and it was fine , scaling 600ft dunes with consummate ease and flattening those that did n't measure up . We did n't even need to get out to pump the tyres up — it was done by a switch on the dashboard — but after 20 or so miles on their tarmac drive , my ears were bleeding and my spine was bent . Off road , fighting wars , it 's a fine tool . But for everyday driving , on normal roads , it is about as much use as a sniper 's rifle .
Today , however , things are different . General Motors has bought the rights to make civilian Humvees , which are called Hummers , and now the big old military barge has a road-going little sister . It 's called the H2 and while I was out in the Middle East I thought it would be a good idea to try one out .
Sadly , GM does n't actually sell them out there , but getting one was easy . I would just hang around the lobby of the hotel and ask the first Arab who walked by . Crazy plan ? Not at all . Asking someone in a dishdash if they 've got an H2 is like asking if they 've got a prayer mat . And , being the most hospitable , generous people I 've ever met , they were duty-bound to ask if I wanted to try it .
So here 's how it went . “ Excuse me . Have you got an H2 ? ”
“ Of course . Would you like to drive it ? ”
“ Yes . ”
So there I was , with Ahmed Seddiq M al-Mutawaa by my side , going for a cruise to Jebel Ali in one of the most extraordinary cars I 've ever had the good fortune to try .
It 's based on a normal American 4×4 called the GMC Tahoe , which is very probably the worst off-road car in the whole of human history . It 's too ugly , too big , too thirsty , too slow , not well enough equipped and hopeless when it 's presented with snow , mud , gravel , soil , grass , stone , drizzle or even a light breeze . It does n't work on the road either and when I took one into the desert I ended up coming home on a camel — that 's true , that is .
Anyway , the H2 has the same basic architecture as the Tahoe , but with shorter overhangs and the same engine : a 6-litre V8 , which , according to Ahmed , does 3.3 miles to the gallon when taken off road . He 's not bothered because out there petrol is cheaper than water and he 's very rich . But I suspect that in Britain 3.3mpg might be unacceptable .
The size might n't work either . It 's shorter than a Range Rover and not so high either . But to give it that Hummer look , it 's considerably wider . It 's so wide , in fact , that it might need a police escort on motorways .
Other things ? Well , it does n't appear to be very well made , and while the top speed is good — for a boat — the acceleration feels geological , the brakes are poor and the space inside cramped .
However , I loved it . I loved the look of the thing most of all and I loved the detailing . The door handles are such as you would find on an old barn , the tow hooks seem to have been lifted from a Boer War cart and the gearlever looks exactly like the throttle on an F-15 .
It sounds , then , a triumph for the heart over the head , as if styled , once again , has walked all over substance . But dynamically the H2 does do some things well . The ride is exceptionally good and a quick check of the dash showed that it has all the toys you might need should things get sticky in the middle of nowhere . The only thing that 's missing is a centre differential lock .
Inside , you have a choice . If you have the 3ft-tall spare wheel in the boot , you get only one seat back there , but if you mount it on the tailgate , you get two , which adds up to seating for six — seven at a pinch .
Really , then , it can be viewed as a wide , thirsty alternative to the Land Rover Discovery or the Volvo XC90 .
Price ? Well , it is for sale in America for $ 49,000 , but do n't bother checking the exchange rate because for some reason I 've never been able to fathom — greed , perhaps — the car industry works on the basis that one dollar equals one pound .
So , by the time you 've got it here and fitted a few options , you must reckon on the H2 being at least a £50,000 car . You must also reckon that as you drive around people will think you are Chris Eubank . But this is a small price to pay for something genuinely different and genuinely interesting .
I really did like it , a lot . Think of it as a caramel chocolate — a hard outer shell with a soft chewy centre . Think of it as a nightclub bouncer with a heart of gold .
And that — trust me on this — is the only support America 's military machine will be getting from me in the next few weeks .
GO TO 20 YEARS OF CLARKSON HOMEPAGE
Marc Areny in their workshop , proud of their 100 percent electric Dacia Logan . He 's run hundreds of tests and tweaks to lower costs and maximize the car 's range on a single charge . Photo : Alin Ionescu , Auto Bild
What do you do if you ca n't afford a Tesla ? You build one yourself . Marc Areny did just that , for only $ 13,000 .
In 2011 , the half-French , half-Catalan engineer sold their property in France and moved to Pitesti , Romania , planning to make `` an electric car anyone could afford , not just elites , '' they told me in flawless Romanian .
They started with their foster country 's national car , a 2005 Dacia Logan , Renault 's low-cost brand . They got rid of the petrol related parts and replaced them with batteries and an electric motor .
`` I 'm a regular guy trying to find solutions for regular people . ''
The car does n't have Tesla 's huge touchscreens and gizmos , but it 's reliable , as fast as a gas-powered car , and will take you to your destination , they said . It has since taken them 12,500 miles , they told me , no repairs needed , and will run for 100 miles on just $ 1.80 and a six-hour charge .
But while they had no trouble getting their car certified by the Romanian Automotive Register ( RAR ) , they had a different experience in France .
In 2010 , Areny was unable to get approval to drive their DIY electric Porsche 944 on French roads .
After months of phone calls and emails , they gave up . `` They tld me I had to do a frontal and a lateral crash test in order to certify the car , '' they said . In other words , he 'd have to destroy two cars in order to certify a third one .
In Romania , a country where the average take home pay was less than $ 500 a month this February , owning an electric car is out of the question for most people . Used vehicles , often bought from Western European countries , and the local brand Dacia make up most of the market .
Areny said their car will be in top shape during the first 190,000 miles . Afterwards , batteries will be at about 80 percent of the initial capacity . Photo : Alin Ionescu , Auto Bild
A second-hand Dacia with basic features can be bought for $ 1,000 to $ 3,000 . You add 20kWh lithium-ion batteries for about $ 7,000 , enough to drive 100 miles on one charge , Areny said . The electric motor , power regulator and additional parts score between $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 .
Another benefit of being in Romania is that mechanics get almost every job done for $ 10 to $ 30 for labor , they said .
Repairs and maintenance for such a car cost next to nothing , furthermore , as it does n't require oil changes or air filter replacement . Brake pads wear out after a longer period of time compared to a gas vehicle , since part of the deceleration is obtained using the electric motor as a generator .
Areny driving at 75 miles per hour on A1 freeway in Romania . Photo : Alin Ionescu , Auto Bild
Areny stopped using gas in 2008 , when they modified their then car , a Renault Clio 1.9 Diesel , to run on leftover cooking oil they got from restaurants . Since then , he 's been working to lower the cost of converting gas vehicles to electric ones .
`` I 'm a regular guy trying to find solutions for regular people , '' they said .
Areny , who believes current electric cars are overpriced , hopes to scale up their efforts and mass-convert , or mass-produce , their gas-to-electric vehicles . `` I could lower the price this way , '' they said . `` I do n't want to get rich out of this . I just want to do it . ''
A diplomatic row between Israel and Germany escalated on Friday as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused the German foreign minister of displaying insensitivity by meeting human rights groups a day after the country 's Holocaust Remembrance Day .
Germany has traditionally been one of the Israel 's closest international allies because of its historic responsibility for the Holocaust .
But Netanyahu said in an interview with the German Bild newspaper that Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel had `` crossed a red line '' by meeting Breaking The Silence and B'Tselem , two Israeli human rights group which campaign against the country 's violation of the rights of Palestinians and illegal occupation of the West Bank .
`` Foreign diplomats are welcome to meet with civil society activists and members of the opposition and anyone else they 'd like , '' they said .
`` But my red line is that I will not meet diplomats who come to Israel and lend legitimacy to fringe radical groups that falsely accuse our soldiers of war crimes and undermine Israeli security . ''
Netanyahu said that the announcement of the meetings as Israelis were commemorating the victims of the Holocaust was `` particularly insensitive '' .
`` These are the days we mourn the murdered members of our people in the Holocaust and our fallen soldiers . The Israeli army is the one force that keeps our people safe today , '' they said .
Netanyahu cancelled a meeting with Gabriel which had been due to take place last Tuesday because of the row .
They also told Bild that Gabriel had refused to take a call in which Netanyahu said they wanted to explain their position .
German foreign ministry spokesperson Martin Schaefer said however that `` the offer from the Israeli side for such a phone call was tied to conditions that were not acceptable for us '' .
`` This is because the wish of the Israeli side was for us to exert influence on the people that the German foreign minister was planning to meet , '' they said , adding that `` we found ... that not to be an appropriate condition or request for such talks . ''
Schaefer also rejected Netanyahu 's negative description of the NGOs , saying `` our view on this is a bit different '' .
Netanyahu lays a wreath during a ceremony marking the annual Holocaust Remembrance Day at the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem ( AFP )
They described Breaking the Silence as an organisation that collected testimonies from former Israeli soldiers who had served in the West Bank who had `` formed their own ideas about what it means for a constitutional democracy like Israel to run such an occupation regime '' .
`` That 's why the German foreign minister does not feel bad about meeting these former soldiers ... to better understand what really happened there , '' said Schaefer .
Netanyahu 's decision to cancel the meeting with Gabriel was a rare step , but in line with the current right-wing government 's stance against all those it accuses of having political agendas and unfairly tarnishing Israel .
Germany has also raised concerns with the Israeli government about its programme of settlement building in the West Bank and occupied East Jerusalem despite international concern .
Israel 's housing ministry said on Friday that it planned to build a further 15,000 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem which is claimed by Palestinians as the capital of a future Palestinian state .
Saeb Erekat , the Palestinians ' chief negotiator , said Israel 's move was a systematic violation of international law and a `` deliberate sabotage '' of efforts to resume talks .
`` All settlements in occupied Palestine are illegal under international law , '' they said in a statement . `` Palestine will continue to resort to international bodies to hold Israel , the occupation power , accountable for its grave violations of international law throughout occupied Palestine . ''
In 1752 Philadelphia , a citizen scientist and their son decided to fly a kite in an afternoon thunderstorm .
They did n't realize it at the time but Benjamin Franklin was about to set off a schism between science and superstition , one that would n't be resolved until well into the next century – and it would crop up again over 200 years later .
The idea that lightning and electricity might be the same thing had been discussed in intellectual circles for a few years prior to Franklin 's work . One experiment had even been done in Europe , though Franklin was aware that having nothing but conducting rods standing between them and God 's own fury was a bad idea so they used…a kite . If lightning was electricity , they knew they would be protected by the silk ribbon with which they controlled the kite string – and they would trap nature itself in a jar .
A flimsy piece of material was all that protected them from a lightning bolt ? Franklin knew that a piece of dry silk would protect them from nature because they understood natural laws . They then invented the lightning rod to help protect the homes of people who lacked their level of insight – they were not paralyzed by superstition or the precautionary principle , reason was their parameter . People accepted their technology even if they did not understand it , they did n't forego building houses because houses might get struck by lightning , they embraced a way to protect houses from lightning .
Benjamin Franklin controls nature , in the mind of Benjamin West . Credit : Wikipedia .
That is a good analogy for the bold science of today . Some people would prefer we stay in scientific caves .
That new understanding of nature and electricity set off a flurry of interest and experimentation in all areas of research . Luigi Galvani began using electricity on dead frogs and later their nephew would seek to bring the dead back to life . Erasmus Darwin 's Zoonomia discussed ‘ generation ' , a precursor to the evolution their grandson would make famous . People were fascinated by the idea that we might understand how to control the breath of existence .
Not everyone was pleased by Franklin 's kite or the efforts of biologists to use electricity to understand life . Superstitious people did not see the promise of science , they were frightened that it would spiral out of control . As Roseanne Montillo phrases it in The Lady and Them Monsters :
To them , the idea that nature could be made to bow down to man bordered on the sacrilegious . If man could steal thunder from the sky ; elicit electricity from the heavens ; make dead frogs , sheep and dogs jump ; and impart a certain measure of respiration to the dead , then what need was there for a God who had dominion over everything and everybody ? These people believed the angry storms of August 30 were a sign not of untamed knowledge , not of nature bending down to human will , but of God 's wrath . The human race had overstepped its boundaries in some fashion , and God was now seeking Their vengeance .
The August 30th Montillo writes of is the year 1797 . As lightning raged across the London skies a baby girl named Mary Godwin was born . In 1818 their novel Frankenstein ; or , The Modern Prometheus would be published and it contained everything that people in the literate public knew about the latest advancements in understanding the essence of life . Frankenstein was a cautionary tale about what scientists of the day discussed – the origin of consciousness and how electricity might restart it , or even create it . Mary ( by then with a Shelley surname ) loved science , they had been steeped in it since childhood , and they wrote their story for the same reason that science-fiction writers , who love and respect science as much as anyone , write cautionary tales about its unbridled power – as illumination .
Shelley was well-versed in the anatomical work of Galvani and the more garish experiments of their nephew Aldini , and of Volta 's work with electricity . The end of the French Revolution in Europe had brought the beginning of the Scientific one – a volcanic eruption had just caused global temperatures to drop and crops to fail , which led to uptake of synthetic fertilizer – and they also understood natural philosophy and the ethical concerns of the era . Frankenstein is overrun with descriptions of the natural world not because they feared science , but because they loved it .
Like hijacking of the Frankenstein concept by political activists , this imagery had little to do with Shelley 's actual Frankenstein .
Prominent in the novel is the anti-science community of the time , huddled in fear and fomenting hysteria about progress . In their story , they quite literally turn into a mob armed with pitchforks and fire , determined to kill science itself .
Today , the Frankenstein story is invoked in exactly the opposite way that Shelley wrote it – it is invoked as a reason to retreat back into the world of superstition and ignorance , before medicine and modern fertilizers . In the 21st century , thanks to our understanding of biology , food production has dramatically increased . When Mary Shelley was born , the masses starved in London 's ramshackle hovels but today , for the first time in history , the poorest people can afford to be fat .
Yet the advancements that have made plentiful food possible are demonized and termed ‘ Frankenfood ' by the modern equivalent of 18th century superstitious villagers , as if they are an unholy creation that must be put to the torch before it kills us all .
Culture has essentially flipped since Franklin and Shelley bookended their era in 1752 and 1818 . In their time , the opponents of efforts to understand the physics and biology of nature were the un-educated religious masses , while wealthy , educated elites filled halls to watch demonstrations . Today , it is just the opposite and wealthy elites regard science as sacrilegious , a violation of the perfection of nature , while overwhelmingly religious states like Mississippi have essentially 100 % vaccine uptake and recognize that an organic sticker is just a marketing claim .
In the 18th century , religious people believed that every disastrous event and disease was God 's wrath against man 's foolishness but in 2014 , it is the literati who find the curse of humankind in every storm and outbreak . Wealthy , educated California has three times as many philosophical exemptions to vaccines as the next most anti-vaccine state in the U.S . Biology , energy , medicine , pick almost any field of modern science and wealthy , educated states like California and Oregon are against it . In Europe , countries like France and Germany also regard natural occurrences as a portent of supernatural wrath brought on by human ‘ tinkerers ' destroying nature . In Italy , scientists were even put on trial for not predicting an earthquake , bizarre fallacious logic more akin to Salem witch hunts than modern reasoning .
Luigi Galvani filled entire theaters for their anatomical dissections in the 18th century . The wealthy masses went to see the latest demonstrations of breakthroughs in anatomy in person . Today , not only do wealthy elites not want to witness science , they want to deny it exists . They prefer a universe where there are no natural laws , science is profane…and best left to horror stories .
Hank Campbell is founder of Science 2.0 and an award-winning science writer who has appeared in numerous publications , from Wired to the Wall Street Journal . In 2012 they were co-authored of the bestselling book Science Left Behind . Follow them on Twitter @ HankCampbell .
NATO may not know the final result of its intervention in Afghanistan , but it now has an exit plan . And the exit will take place through Central Asia , the same route the Soviet troops took after their withdrawal in 1988 and 1989 .
As relations worsen between the United States and Pakistan , NATO has signed deals with Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan , and Kazakhstan ( see map here ) to move out the tons of equipment that must be withdrawn by 2014 , when NATO makes its final exit from Afghanistan .
Speaking with Agence France-Presse news agency , NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said that NATO now considers Central Asia and its Russian-built roads to be the most expedient route out of Afghanistan .
`` These agreements will give us a range of new options and the robust and flexible transport network we need , '' Mr. Rasmussen said .
Tarnished by more than a decade of war , mutual recriminations , and foreign policy goals that are increasingly at odds , the US-Pakistani relationship now has reached a nadir . From the early post 9/11 days , when NATO received 90 percent of its supplies for the Afghan war through the Pakistani port of Karachi , now Pakistan has cut off NATO 's old supply routes . Last November , Pakistan banned NATO 's use of Pakistani territory after NATO planes mistakenly bombed a Pakistani post , killing 24 Pakistani soldiers .
For Pakistan , the NATO bombing was the last straw , following the violation of its territorial sovereignty last year when US Navy SEALs captured and killed Osama bin Laden in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad .
Pakistani officials complain that Washington simply can not grasp the difficulty of reining in popular Islamist militant groups in a country that sees itself constantly under threat from outside . Washington fails to see the threat that Pakistan 's larger rival , India , poses to Pakistan 's very existence , and fails to understand how angry Pakistani citizens become after each successive aerial attack over their territory . For its part , Washington has come to see Pakistan as an unreliable ally , a country where the Pakistani military maintains ties with the very groups that attack US troops on Afghan soil , where America 's biggest enemy , Mr. bin Laden , was taking up residence in a military garrison town .
NATO and Pakistan could still patch things up . Pakistan has been hinting lately that there is still room for dialogue , with Pakistan 's Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar suggesting that the US simply needed to apologize for the November bombing of its troops .
`` For us in Pakistan ... the most popular thing to do right now is to not move on NATO supply routes at all . It is to close them forever , '' Ms. Khar told AFP in an interview . `` If I were a political adviser to the prime minister , this is what I would advise them to do . But I 'm not advising them to do that ... because what is at stake is much more important for Pakistan than just winning an election . ''
Khar may not want to wait for an apology , given America 's current election season . President Obama seems disinclined , to say the least , and their Republican rival , former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney – whose campaign strategy is to attack Mr. Obama as weak on national defense – is about as likely to push for a NATO apology as they are to push for gun control .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
So in the meantime , NATO is looking north , and expanding its options .
Trucking out tanks , artillery pieces , and other military devices that were designed specifically to destroy the Soviet Union , on a route through the former Soviet states themselves , is not only rich with irony , it is also quite expensive . The cost of the northern supply route is nearly double that of the Pakistani route , but at least it 's cheaper than flying all that equipment out by air , which costs the US military $ 14,000 per ton .
For those unfamiliar with English post-punk collective The Horrors , comparisons with any iconic post-punk act , namely Joy Division are inevitable . This applies to any band that brandishes thick bass and reverb-heavy baritone vocals . The Horrors are sometimes written off as paper-mache imitations of the genre 's pioneers . These comparisons are feeble and inaccurate portrayals of the band 's uniquely atmospheric essence .
V
The Horrors
Sept. 22
With that being said , The Horrors have evolved their sound over the course of five albums , and with their latest record , they further that trend . It 's been three years since their last album , Luminous , a mediocre effort that never quite matched the ravishing blend of post-punk , shoegaze and psychedelia brimming from their 2009 crowning achievement , Primary Colours . The band fell into obscurity at the hands of unfavorable reception . It was time for the gothic rockers to shake things up and shed their skeletal comparisons to post-punk icons of yesteryear .
With their newest project , V , The Horrors harken to their opaque , morose sensibilities with soundscapes that are imperviously gothic in nature but not as explicit—a welcomed notion for those who were enraptured by Primary Colours .
Compact and stylistically unto themselves , the band 's V is nothing less than a danceable post-punk masterpiece that journeys into a nocturnal realm of reverberated guitars and shimmering synth pads from the '80s . The Horrors have been reborn from the ashes of the faulty Luminous , but stronger and more dynamic than ever before .
Each and every track explodes with sparkling effervescence and devastating percussion , beginning with “ Hologram ” and closing with “ Something To Remember Me By , ” The hook-driven “ World Below ” is just one of many tracks on this album that pushes the band 's invigorated approach into progressive territory without forgetting that these tracks are pop songs at their core . At times , the vocal melodies do tend to stray far from the infectious production . Frontman Faris Badwan 's vocals may be as cavernous as ever before . They juxtapose nicely against the overwhelming density of dark euphoria derived from the band 's humming keyboards and flares of sludgy guitars .
While remnants of their back catalog remain , The Horrors ' latest is mystically nuanced with revitalized versatility and a profoundly sporadic pace . Each track takes on a gradual repose of dream-pop charm while dark wave-influenced synth tones brood beneath it all . On that basis , The Horrors ' sonic evolution is refreshing , to say the very least . It 's one distinguished by a domineering aura of cosmic balladry and mesmeric melodies .
With many skeptical over the band 's direction prior to V , The Horrors ' maturation and rediscovery of its true selves is a revelation . Somehow , the gothic fortification and muddy traces of the past has been maintained yet have been enveloped in crisp , romantic swathes of synthetic surrealism . Nonetheless , the band has dialed down their post-punk image for a milieu bathed in shoegaze , dream-pop and an odd-yet-familiar touch of gothic magnetism . The Horrors ' V gifts us with one of the most surprisingly great albums of 2017 thus far .
Follow writer Kyle Kohner at Twitter.com/kylejkohner .
A domain name server ( DNS ) helps the users to reach a particular website hosted on a particular server . With the advance in technology , the DNS service has been upgraded to dynamic DNS service . The dynamic DNS service helps a domain name to point to Internet resources hosted on changing public IP addresses . However , dynamic DNS service has both advantages and disadvantages just like all other technologies .
On the positive side , the dynamic DNS service helps small scale businesses who need to provide consistent content or services to their customers . These small scale businesses use the IP assigned to them by their ISP , and every time their IP changes , they notify their dynamic DNS provider to update its name servers so that the customer 's domain points now to the new IP .
On the negative side , the dynamic DNS service , especially the free dynamic DNS service , are being abused by cyber criminals for various cyber crimes and cyberattacks . Some of the nefarious activities of cyber criminals abusing dynamic DNS service include malware implants in websites , targeted spear phishing , establishing of C & C for botnet , spamming , etc .
Abusing dynamic DNS service helps the cyber criminals escape the authorship attribution for their cyber crimes . It provides a layer of anonymity and anti forensics to the criminal activities of those abusing dynamic DNS service . This is more so when IP address can not be solely relied upon to secure a conviction in a cyber crime case .
Further , using dynamic DNS services can also help in bypassing the IP blacklisting deployed by various service providers to prevent DNS abuses . The malware can be continued to be used to infect the computers of end users by using constantly-changing hosting IP addresses .
These IP addresses usually belong to law abiding and innocent users whose computers are compromised and made part of the botnet . These IP addresses may also belong to compromised public websites where the malicious payloads may be installed .
There may be a situation where domains themselves may be blacklisted . To circumvent domain blacklisting , cyber criminals can also use randomly-generated disposable sub-domains under the dynamic DNS domain to point to the next hop in a redirection chain or to the final malware hosting IP .
This behaviour seems similar to fast flux method but in practice dynamic DNS and fast flux are different concepts . Dynamic DNS operates at a micro level whereas fast flux operates at a macro level . Dynamic DNS operates at a regional level whereas fast flux operates at international level . Further , the authoritative name servers for a dynamic DNS domain physically belong to the dynamic DNS provider , whereas with fast flux , double fluxing is possible where the name servers can be made point to constantly changing IP address of physical hosts located in different countries . In practice , dynamic DNS domains map to a much smaller set of IP addresses than fast flux .
So what is the purpose of using the fast flux method ? Fast flux is a DNS technique used by cyber criminals to hide phishing and malware delivery sites behind an ever-changing network of compromised hosts ( botnets ) acting as proxies . It can also refer to the combination of peer-to-peer networking , distributed command and control , web-based load balancing and proxy redirection used to make malware networks more resistant to discovery and counter-measures . Fast flux may be a single-flux or double-flux .
Some of these phishing and malware delivery websites are hosted on bulletproof server with mirrored hosting facilities . Mirrored hosting is a powerful mirrored web hosting management platform that uses multiple specially designed virtual servers to host website with 100 % uptime . This is supported by powerful automated control panels . No one is able to trace original IP of the server or the place where the files are hosted so the websites/domains hosted have a 100 % Uptime .
The security vendors must have been working on this issue and they may come up with state of the art and innovative methods to deal with this situation .
Namadgi 's endangered northern corroboree frogs are bouncing back , ecologists say
Updated
A population of critically endangered northern corroboree frogs in Namadgi National Park , west of Canberra , is rebounding after nearly being wiped out by fire and a killer fungus , ecologists say .
During the current breeding season , for the first time in more than a decade , male frogs were heard calling in small numbers .
The fluorescent yellow and black striped frogs were once plentiful in the ACT 's alpine bogs , while a southern variant of the species still lives around Kosciuszko National Park in New South Wales .
However , the deadly flesh-eating chytrid fungus , which has decimated frog populations globally , severely reduced numbers in Namadgi National Park over several decades from about the 1980s .
The frogs ' habitat was then ravaged by the 2003 bushfires , which badly damaged much of the ACT 's fragile sphagnum moss ecosystem .
`` When the 2003 fires hit and devastated their habitat , we had serious concerns that we 'd actually lost the species , '' ACT government ecologist Murray Evans said .
Hopefully one day we may actually hear the many hundreds , or even thousands that we used to hear in the 1980s . ACT government ecologist Murray Evans
`` It was very heartening to find some corroboree frogs had survived up there , and we were able to collect eggs . ''
The scientists took the eggs they had found to a purpose-built , climate-controlled breeding centre made from shipping containers at the Tidbinbilla Nature Reserve to Canberra 's west .
In frigid conditions , mimicking the alpine climate the frogs were accustomed to , they successfully raised the eggs and now care for about 600 individuals in captivity .
In 2011 , the first 200 frogs were finally released into the wild .
Those frogs should now have reached breeding age .
Frog calls lift the spirits of scientists
Scientists recently surveyed the ACT 's fragile alpine bogs and found tell-tale signs of breeding - adult male frogs calling for a mate .
They found two frogs calling at one site , but seven at another , which is the highest number recorded since 2003 .
Although the numbers heard calling were small , it was still an exciting result for ecologists .
They believe the actual populations could be higher , as female frogs do not call and other frogs could still be immature .
`` Some of the corroboree frogs we released from this institution , captive bred frogs , have survived in the wild . So they 've survived four years to reach breeding age , '' Dr Evans said .
`` It 's survival of the fittest , so not all of those frogs [ we released ] would have survived .
`` Some of them would 've succumbed to natural mortality , but for corroboree frogs there 's that added hurdle of chytrid fungus which is still present in the wild .
`` We 're hoping that this is the start of natural resistance for chytrid fungus in corroboree frogs , and hopefully one day we may actually hear the many hundreds , or even thousands that we used to hear in the 1980s . ''
Topics : science , animals , canberra-2600 , act , australia
First posted
BethesdaFor a game that 's over five years old , Fallout 3 is surprisingly still one worth playing . With steep discounts on regular sales and new mods being released to this day , there 's still plenty of room for new fans to discover Bethesda 's sprawling revival of the critically acclaimed Fallout franchise . That does n't mean it 's a perfect or even great game , however - it is in the Gamebryo engine , after all . With a few ( dozen ) mods however , Fallout 3 can be moulded into an incredibly immersive experience , or a sandbox for running around as a superhero if that 's your thing . From new quests and locations to gameplay tweaks and overhauls , there are plenty of mods for every player . Whether you thought the vanilla experience was too easy , bland , ugly , or boring for your tastes , there 's a mod for you . Want a more challenging and immersive first-person shooter , closer to the STALKER or Metro series ? The Nexus has plenty of files for you . Maybe you like what 's already in the game , and you 're yearning for even more Fallout ? If so , the modding community has you covered . Do you just want to play as Batman in post-apocalyptic America ? Do n't worry , you can do that , too . Though this list wo n't be covering any Batman-related mods , it will cover some best mods Fallout 3 has seen , many of which can be considered essential to any player .
Legendary German director Werner Herzog is premiering their latest film at Sundance this month . Titled Lo and Behold : Reveries of the Connected World , the documentary dives into the realm of modern technology , artificial intelligence , and our relationships with the increasingly connected world of tomorrow .
According to Deadline.com , Lo and Behold is `` a deep dive into how virtually everything , from business to education , space travel to healthcare , and even how we conduct our personal relationships , has been transformed by the online world . ''
Herzog claims their personal distance from the connected world gives them an advantage in approaching the subject , as they do n't even carry a cell phone and barely uses computers . They call this `` the first coherent tour around the horizons of the internet . ''
No official release date has been announced .
Source : Deadline
Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick wants lawmakers to pass a $ 25 million grant program to pay for bulletproof vests for all patrol officers in Texas .
Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick wants lawmakers to pass a $ 25 million grant program to pay for bulletproof vests for all patrol officers in Texas .
Pointing to the fatal shooting of five Dallas officers in July , Patrick said Texas should “ protect those who protect us , ” by paying for bulletproof vests that withstand high-caliber rounds . Patrick wants to fund vests for 50,000 to 60,000 officers . As vests tend to have a life span of five years , the state will keep looking for ways to fund them , they said .
Patrick first announced the push in October . Now , they want it to happen “ right away . ”
The grant program – which would be created by Senate Bill 12 – would allow agencies to buy vests and require them to provide “ proof of purchase of bulletproof vests , including the price of each vest and the number of vests purchased. ” State Sen. Royce West , D-Dallas , will carry the bill in their chamber , Patrick announced during a Thursday news conference at the Texas Capitol .
West likened the Dallas ambush — when five officers were killed downtown after a Black Lives Matter protest — to the Sept. 11 attacks and John F. Kennedy 's assassination , saying , “ You know where you were on July 7 . ”
“ We know that there are a multitude of issues as it relates to law enforcement , ” West said . “ Let me be real clear that whether you 're a Democrat or a Republican , we support law enforcement . ”
The state is already preparing for a tight budget year , but that is n't deterring Patrick .
“ Even in a tight budget year , you make priorities , ” they said
Though officers in Dallas were wearing vests , bullets from high-caliber firearms “ go through us like butter , ” said Frederick Frazier , first vice president of the Dallas Police Association . “ Obviously , we need to get better equipment . ”
Frazier , West and other law enforcement officials stood behind Patrick as the lieutenant governor made the announcement . Patrick said they would be part of a growing group acting as their advisers on law enforcement issues .
Among the members of that group is Jackson County Sheriff Andy Louderback , legislative affairs director with the Sheriffs ' Association of Texas . They said law enforcement in Texas and around the country have to be prepared for more violence .
“ Those who hate the West have said what they 're going to do to us , ” Louderback said . “ We 're not immune to it in Texas . We 're not immune to a nightclub being shot up . We 're not immune to someone getting in a two-ton truck and driving over people . ”
See related coverage :
Patrick announced their plan to get state lawmakers to pay for rifle-resistant vests in October . It 's unclear where — or whether — the Legislature will find the more than $ 20 million necessary to do it .
This article originally appeared in The Texas Tribune at https : //www.texastribune.org/2017/01/12/texas-state-sen-royce-west-files-bulletproof-vests/ .
It looks like Westminster Council will today follow Lambeth Council in approving planning permission for the Garden Bridge .
I 've been wondering what constitutes the most offensive thing about this project . Is it the way £30m of transport funding ( and an additional £30m from the Treasury ) is being used fund a scheme that quite explicitly has no transport function at all ?
This is n't just to do with cycling not being included – or even considered – as a mode of transport . Everything about this bridge suggests that it is a place to visit – a garden – and not something to move through . It 's not even a park . Westminster – tellingly – refer to it as ‘ a popular visitor attraction ' .
This huge amount of public funding comes despite claims last year that Transport for London 's contribution would be limited to £4m , with the Garden Bridge Trust itself raising the funding for construction .
And to be clear this is a ‘ bridge ' in name only . It will be closed to the public between 12am-6am every day , and closed once a month for ‘ fundraising events ' . Parties of eight people or more are ‘ required to contact the Garden Bridge Trust to request a formal visit to the bridge ' , in advance , apparently because groups of eight people or more constitute a ‘ protest risk ' .
You are , of course , free to use other London bridges 24 hours a day , 365 days a year , and indeed to protest on them – because they are public space . This Garden Bridge is not really public space at all , but a privately-managed garden , a ‘ visitor attraction ' , to be built at vast expense , in the middle of a river .
And yet , ironically , it seems Westminster Council would refuse planning permission outright for this development if it was entirely private , due to the harm to views up and down the Thames .
It is also clear that if this proposal was for a private commercial development of this height and size , the harm to these views would be considered unacceptable and the application refused
The Garden Bridge manages to skip around these objections by teasingly positioning itself on the line between public and private space .
All this is bad enough , but I think the most offensive thing about the Garden Bridge is something else entirely . It lies in one of the main justifications for its construction ; namely , that it will create a much-needed area of peace and calm in the centre of London .
Take this , for instance , from Transport for London –
Inspired by the actor Joanna Lumley , the proposed bridge would be covered with trees and plants , offering an oasis of calm in the heart of the capital .
Or in this video , where Joanna Lumley claims they ‘ longs for a haven , away from the noise and rush ' .
Now of course there is nothing wrong with peace and tranquility . But what is offensive about the Garden Bridge is the unspoken assumption that peace , calm and tranquility can only be created in London by building it at vast expense in the middle of the river .
This is n't true at all . We could create peace , calm and tranquility on the existing roads and streets of London , if we wanted to – and at a cost considerably lower than £180 million . For instance , we could pedestrianise and ‘ green ' Soho , very easily . This is an area where people on foot vastly outnumber the numbers of people getting around by car , and yet for some perverse reason motor traffic continues to dominate .
Want some peace , calm and tranquility here ? Limit motor traffic to deliveries only , in the morning . We do n't need to look too hard for how to do this . Waltham Forest managed to create ‘ an oasis of calm ' in October , through the simple expedient of… using a plastic barrier to close a road .
A huge number of streets in the boroughs surrounding the Garden Bridge – I 'm thinking here particularly of Westminster and the City – could become calm and pleasant places , at very little cost , if a concerted effort was made to remove through-traffic from them . Westminster seems to have a damaging policy of accommodating through-traffic on every single one of its roads and streets .
I think our streets , especially ones with a predominantly residential function , can and should function as calm and pleasant places , in their own right . We do n't need to build green space at huge expense in the river ; we just need to reclaim it from the existing road network .
To me , the Garden Bridge project appears to completely overlook the enormous potential of our streets and roads to be different ; to be safer , calmer and more pleasant places . It buys into the stale assumption that London is , by default , a noisy , dangerous and fume-filled place that ca n't possibly be changed , and that can only be escaped by retreating onto an expensive vanity project in the middle of the river .
That 's what 's most offensive about it .
It 's official , the Atlanta Thrashers are about to become the Winnipeg Jets/Moose/Bears/Appropriate Northern-Themed Name . The move has delighted thousands of people in the province of Manitoba and shattered the hopes of a few in Georgia . It 's also sparked a debate about where the hell this new team is going to play .
Two weeks ago , I gave you my thoughts on how the NHL should realign itself . Personally , as a Red Wings fan I obviously want the team to move back to the Eastern Conference and rekindle old rivalries with Boston , Montreal and Toronto , burying those god-awful 10:30 p.m. start times forever .
Detroit 's case for a move east is just as good as anyone 's : they 're one of only two teams from the Eastern Time Zone playing in the Western Conference , they have a storied history and rivalries with several Eastern Conference foes . They could also start a few new rivalries , with possible yearly playoff battles with Pittsburgh , Carolina , Philadelphia and Washington , teams they defeated for their most recent Stanley Cup championships .
However , other teams are also knocking on the Eastern Conference 's front door .
Nashville and Columbus would both love to move east . Columbus is struggling in the Western Conference and is being rumored as a possible relocation candidate in the future . They , along with Detroit , are the other team operating on Eastern Time that plays the majority of its games out west . Nashville could move into the Southeast where Atlanta currently resides ( or resided ) and develop rivalries with its southern compatriots .
It 's not that the argument for the Predators or Blue Jackets moving east is bad . They both have compelling cases . It 's the argument against Detroit moving east that boggles the mind .
The main argument against Detroit moving east is twofold : their popularity nationwide and their rivalry with the Chicago Blackhawks . If the Red Wings were to move east , it would be the only major sport in North America where the two play in separate conferences . Detroit playing Chicago for conference and division titles is just as American as apple pie and the Fourth of July . Or so I 'm told .
That is a legitimate concern . The Detroit-Chicago dislike for one another is good for sports and TV ratings . It 's the other part that I ca n't wrap my head around .
Whenever realignment is mentioned , the topic that repeatedly comes up is that the Western Conference governors would never allow the Red Wings to move back to the East because Detroit 's road drawing power is so strong . It 's for that reason that many believe Detroit will not be getting the call from Gary Bettman that they 're rejoining their old friends because attendance in the West would drop significantly .
ESPN 's Pierre Lebrun feels that Detroit is the obvious move to the Eastern Conference , but they as well feels the Western Conference 's gripe may cost them :
The Red Wings desperately want to move east . They 're tired of playing most of their games outside of their time zone , and it 's brutal for TV ratings when you 're asking your fans to stay up late to watch most of your road games . Having said that , many Western Conference governors will oppose losing Detroit because of the Wings ' gate power .
It is indeed true that the Red Wings are a big road draw . In fact , they were the biggest road draw in the league last year , averaging over 18,000 fans a game on the road . The Phoenix Coyotes drew 12,990 fans for their home opener against Boston—whose fan base is not too shabby itself—which is about 75 percent capacity . Six days later when the Red Wings came to town for Phoenix 's next home game the place was sold out . And just to clarify , both games were on the weekend . When the Red Wings came back in March , 17,382 fans showed up—252 more than official capacity .
( Note : It has been pointed out to me that the Coyotes game that drew 12,990 people was actually played in Prague , Czech Republic . The Coyotes indeed opened their own arena against the Red Wings to a sold out crowd , then proceeded to draw a mere 6,706 fans their next game against Los Angeles . On their next weekend game , they drew 8,189 people against Carolina . My point about the Wings ' drawing power remains .
Note 2 : The O2 Arena in Prague where the game was held seats just over 17,300 people , so even the Czechs were n't too impressed ) .
But one thing you have to keep in mind is that the situation in Phoenix is unique . Several Western Conference teams sold out their arenas on a nightly basis , regardless of who was in town . Chicago , San Jose , Calgary , Vancouver , St. Louis and Edmonton each sold out every home game—and Edmonton was atrocious this year . Los Angeles , Minnesota and Nashville all were at least 94 percent capacity . Three of those teams mentioned ( Minnesota , St. Louis and Edmonton ) did n't even make the playoffs .
Attendance numbers are all about perception . Of the teams ranked 16-30 in attendance ( by average draw ) , half were Eastern conference teams who supposedly need no help from a home game with Detroit . Not to mention , two of the Western teams in bottom 15 were San Jose and Edmonton , who both sold out all 41 home games ( or 40 in San Jose 's case because they started the year in Sweden ) . Of the top 15 , seven were from the West . The only Eastern team that sold out all its home games and finished in the bottom 15 for average draw was Boston .
Going by capacity percent ( percentage of seats filled ) , it 's about the same conclusion . Six of the top 11 teams in the league were from the West , while seven of the bottom 15 were from the East . Detroit itself was in the bottom 15 , filling Joe Louis Arena to 98.1 percent capacity .
It 's easy to look at Edmonton 's 19th-place finish and say they are n't drawing fans , but the Oilers did in fact sell out all of their home games . If the new team in Winnipeg sells out every single game at the 15,015-seat MTS Centre next year ( which they probably will ) , they will likely finish no better than 24th in the league , which is just behind Dallas ' 15,073 average last year . The MTS Centre is easily the smallest in the NHL , sitting a full 1,000 seats behind the Islanders ' aging Nassau Coliseum .
If you want a scientific formula that says attendance will drop in the West if Detroit moves East , then good luck because there is n't one . If the team is good—or even bad in the case of Edmonton—fans will show up regardless of who 's in town ( again , you 'll have to discount Phoenix because they 're just weird ) . It depends on how much you love the game and your team , not how much you love seeing Detroit . That 's why it 's about an even split in attendance at both the top and bottom of the league between East and West—each conference has its good and bad teams .
One way the NHL could offset a Red Wings move if the Western owners gripe about it would be to reduce division meetings from six to four like the NBA , an idea Bettman has already alluded to . In the NBA , division opponents play each other four times and at least every team from the other conference twice , along with three to four games against everyone else in their own conference . That way , each team would get at least one date with the Red Wings on their home schedule .
It 's completely bogus to keep Detroit in the West on the assumption they keep other teams afloat . Not only is not the Red Wings ' job to draw fans for other teams , it 's a terrible , horrible business plan . Detroit comes to town a maximum of two times a year in the regular season for out of division opponents ; for the math aficionados out there that 's four percent of the total home schedule ( seven percent for divisional opponents ) . If teams are banking on the two Detroit games to boost finances , what the hell do they do the other 96 percent of the time ?
It is your job , Western Conference owners and teams , to draw your own fans . It 's your job to grow the sport in the area , build a strong and passionate fan base , create fierce rivalries and put a quality product on the ice . It 's not `` hey the Red Wings are coming on Saturday , please come see us ! ''
Teams in San Jose , Los Angeles , Carolina and other non-traditional markets have figured this out . It 's time others joined the club . If fans are showing up to games only because Detroit is in town , then I think you should seriously reconsider the way you 're running your franchise .
The following is an English-translation of a Spanish-language article by Jazmín Acuña , originally published by Kurtural .
The Chaco region , which stretches across parts of Paraguay , Brazil and Argentina , has the world 's highest rate of deforestation , caused by logging for the production of charcoal and the expansion of grazing land for livestock .
One of the parties responsible for this situation is Bricapar , the largest exporter of charcoal in Paraguay . And it just so happens that the country 's minister of public works and communications , Ramón Jiménez Gaona , owns a quarter of Bricapar 's stock , according to the British NGO Earthsight .
Undercover investigators from the organization followed the trail of the company 's products that are sold in European supermarkets as “ sustainable ” . But they found a different reality when they arrived at one of Bricapar 's charcoal production centers in the department of Boquerón . There they found that the main profits of the company were generated from the indiscriminate harvesting of trees like the white quebracho .
The extensive investigation by Earthsight revealed a business plan that encourages a dramatic deforestation of the Chaco region . Trees are harvested for charcoal , which facilitates the land then being used to raise livestock . This scheme was explained in detail by the manager of the Bricapar production center , located in the town of Teniente Ochoa , where the company obtains the raw material , the wood , and houses its ovens to convert it into charcoal .
The land belongs to Paraguay 's Institute of Social Welfare and has been leased to Irasa , a livestock company , since 2008 . Irasa has a 20-year contract that allows them to exploit three parcels of 18 thousand hectares — of the 200,000 that belong to the social security organization — and has had permission from the National Forest Institute to harvest forests on the land since 2009 . At the same time , the livestock company has maintained a contract with Bricapar since 2012 to cut trees that are then converted into charcoal .
Under this plan , which contributes to an unprecedented environmental crisis , Bricapar has become “ the largest producer and exporter of charcoal in Paraguay , ” in the words of Sebastián Gorostiaga , Bricapar 's sales manager . Their products are sold in supermarkets in Germany , Spain , and England , according to statements by Guillermo Vega de Seoane , executive director of Ibecosol , an intermediate Spanish company responsible for distributing the Bricapar charcoal in the European market .
According to Earthsight 's estimates , Bricapar was responsible for half of Parguay 's exports of the product in the first half of 2017 , and the sales resulted in profits of approximately a million dollars a month . This , at the same time that satellite images show that in the areas where Bricapar has its furnaces in Teniente Ochoa , about 10 football fields ' worth of land are deforested a day , representing a third of all of the logging done in the Chaco region daily to serve Europe 's demands for charcoal . The deforestation in the region in general is such that on average seven trees per second are cut down , according to a report by Guyra Paraguay , a non-profit , non-governmental environmental advocate .
Thanks to Earthsight 's findings , European supermarket chain Carrefour told The Guardian newspaper that it has launched its own investigation and decided to stop buying products from Ibecosol , an intermediary of Bricapar , in the meantime . Moreover , the German NGO Rainforest Rescue published a petition that has collected over 133,000 signatures demanding that European supermarkets like Aldi , Lidl and Carrefour take “ immediate action ” to “ stop buying charcoal made from the destruction of Paraguay 's forests . ”
Texas college hacks government drone 27 Jun 2012 There is much you can do with $ 1,000 , but scientists at an Austin , Texas college have come across one that is often overlooked : for less than a grand , how 'd you like to hijack a US government drone ? A group of researchers led by Professor Todd Humphreys from the University of Texas at Austin Radionavigation Laboratory recently succeeded in raising the eyebrows of the US government . With just around $ 1,000 in parts , Humphreys ' team took control of an unmanned aerial vehicle operated by the US Department of Homeland Security . After being challenged by their lab , the DHS dared Humphreys ' crew to hack into their drone and take command . Much to their chagrin , they did exactly that . [ Awesome ! Hack and mark them 'return to sender . ' ]
The Russian Federal Security Service ( FSB ) is not in a hurry to exchange abducted Estonian official Eston Kohver and will patiently wait for the right target , Igor Sutyagin , a former prisoner in Russia who was swapped for Russian spied captured by the United States .
“ [ ... ] It seems to me that the Kremlin has realized it has gone too far . The case has been more of a local initiative from the beginning , rather than orders from Moscow . Kohver was not only successful against Russian border spies but also in stopping a number of illegal cross-border channels , which on the Russian side are controlled by special service workers , ” Sutyagin told Postimees .
Sutyagin said FSB will press Kohver not to appeal as then they can say they have accepted the charges and confessed , and they will have to spend time in Russian prison colonies until authorities can trade him .
Sutyagin was sentenced to 15 years for treason in 2004 while working for the Institute for US and Canadian Studies of the Academy of Sciences in Moscow . The court ruled that they had disclosed sensitive information to a US intelligence agency . They were exchanged in 2010 for 10 people , including Anna Chapman , arrested in the United States for spying for Russia .
Kohver was abducted from Estonian soil at the beginning of September 2014 , and was recently found guilty of espionage and other , smaller , charges . They received 15 years but can still appeal . Kohver pleaded not guilty .
It has been a dangerous week for Tunisia 's fragile democracy . Two retrogressive bills appear likely to pass parliament , possibly within days . The first would effectively amnesty public officials who committed crimes in pre-revolutionary Tunisia . The second would grant corrupt security forces more leeway to violate human rights .
Both bills undermine the quest for dignity and justice embodied in Tunisia 's 2010-11 revolution
Both bills undermine the quest for dignity and justice embodied in Tunisia 's 2010-11 revolution . They will almost surely become law within days or weeks unless Tunisian civil society and international actors , most importantly the World Bank and International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , manage to convince the government to reverse course .
Tunisia has debated both pieces of legislation since 2015 . That spring , newly elected President Beji Caid Essebsi , who insisted Tunisia must focus on future development rather than on past abuses , proposed the first bill . Called the Reconciliation Law , it initially offered amnesty to two groups : corrupt businesspeople and public officials .
Defenders of the law touted its supposed economic benefits . Lifting the threat of prosecution , they said , would encourage investment in Tunisia 's cash-strapped economy . They also argued that the law did not give an amnesty to the corrupt , since it promised that guilty parties would be required to repay ill-gotten gains .
Tunisian Prime Minister Youssef Chahed gestures as they address the parliament on the country 's anti-corruption fight on 20 July 2017 in Tunis ( AFP )
The Reconciliation Law faced immediate opposition from civil society as well as international legal experts . They argued that the law lacked independent enforcement mechanisms and would undermine the work of the Truth and Dignity Commission , a constitutionally supported body that is pursuing transitional justice against state abuses , including financial crimes .
Tunisia 's Ministry of Interior proposed the second law in April 2015 , less than a month after terrorists killed 23 people at the Bardo Museum in Tunis . Known as the Protection of Security Forces Act , it would allow security forces more leeway in using lethal force . It also contains a vague provision criminalising `` denigration '' of security forces .
Civil society and international rights groups opposed this law , too . They argue that it casts a broad legal net likely to ensnare peaceful protesters , journalists and other innocents deemed problematic by Tunisia 's largely unreformed security forces . Security forces unions close to Nidaa Tounes , the political party founded by Essebsi , have continued to back the law even as the draconian atmosphere that prevailed in the wake of the Bardo terror attack and another attack , in June 2015 that killed 38 people at a hotel in Sousse , dissipated .
Zombie bills
Since 2015 , it has periodically seemed that these two dangerous bills might disappear . Efforts to pass the Reconciliation Act have failed three times . Tunisian civil society organisations recently issued another statement denouncing the Security Forces Act .
Despite civil society 's criticisms , organised political opposition against the bills is largely absent
But the bills have reappeared , zombie-like , threatening Tunisia 's efforts toward accountability , justice , and democratic reform . Both bills were debated in parliament this week , and it is likely , barring widespread popular mobilisation and increased international pressure , that parliament will vote them into law as early as this week .
Despite civil society 's criticisms , organised political opposition against the bills is largely absent . In fact , the three largest political organisations in the country - the ruling Nidaa Tounes party , its coalition partner Ennahda , and the powerful Nobel Prize-winning trade union UGTT - support the bills , albeit for very different reasons .
Members of the Manich Msamah movement among the crowd demonstrating in April 2017 after a parliamentary debate on the Reconciliation Law ( AFP )
The steadfast determination of President Essebsi and Nidaa Tounes to pass the Reconciliation Law is part of an effort to repay their backers for support in past and future elections . These supporters have included allegedly corrupt business people who financed Nidaa 's 2014 election victory , as well as high-ranking and mid-tier public administrators who comprise a large chunk of the party 's base .
Essebsi 's singular obsession with passing the Reconciliation Law has marginalised far more pressing legislative and political issues , such as the need to pass a local governance law , attract investment , seriously tackle corruption , and create constitutionally mandated independent oversight bodies , including a supreme court .
Essebsi 's preoccupation with the Reconciliation Law , which remains , to date , the only law their office has proposed , has also come at the expense of reining in their son , Hafedh , whose efforts to crown themselves the hereditary ruler of Nidaa Tounes have split the party and distracted its leaders from promoting a forward-looking vision .
Weak pushback
For its part , UGTT could easily stop the Reconciliation Law by threatening a general strike , a tactic it employed successfully against the previous government in 2013 . In dealings with Nidaa-led governments , however , UGTT has saved its political capital to oppose cuts to salaries , subsidies and public sector employees . It has remained largely silent on the Reconciliation Law , peeking its head above the parapet to issue conditional endorsements .
Ennahda , meanwhile , has prioritised its governing alliance with Nidaa – an alliance whose future some Ennahda leaders believe hinges on their party 's support for the Reconciliation Law - over its base , swaths of which strongly oppose the law .
Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi ( L ) greets Ennahdha leader Rached Ghannouchi prior to signing documents outlining the roadmap for the formation of a national unity government in July 2016 ( AFP )
On 30 April , Ennahda 's Shura Council , which sets the party 's strategic direction , voted against supporting the law unless it was significantly amended . The decision was seen as a rebuke to Ennahda 's executive leadership and a response to growing public protests against the law , spearheaded by the Manich Msamah ( `` I Will Not Forgive '' ) movement , whose participants include former Ennahda supporters disillusioned by its perceived kowtowing to old regime impunity .
Ennahda 's behind-the-scenes lobbying of Nidaa MPs - combined with steady pressure from Manich Msamah , rising popular support for Prime Minister Youssef Chahed 's recent anti-corruption arrests , and growing international pressure to clean up corruption in Tunisia - resulted in a series of amendments to the Reconciliation Act .
The law 's present version omits references to corrupt businesspeople and offers amnesty only to public officials who served under the former regime .
As the Reconciliation Law mutates , arguments for its defence have become more strained . Nidaa claims it will benefit approximately 1,500 public officials - less than 1 percent of Tunisia 's total - whom Tunisia 's current transitional justice process may unjustly target for simply being `` obliged to obey orders '' . No official document supports these claims .
Tunisia 's 'war against corruption ' feels like a fake Tarek Kahlaoui Read More »
Some of these administrators , Nidaa says , are so afraid of prosecution that they are not doing their jobs well . One Nidaa representative told me that public officials are `` so terrorised by fear of prosecution that they are n't signing important documents needed to start development and investment projects '' .
Opponents of the Reconciliation Law reject such defences . Instead of coddling corrupt or inefficient public officials , they say , the state should fire those refusing to do their jobs . The state should also pursue justice against the worst of them through strengthened judicial channels rather than have a `` Reconciliation Commission '' designed to let abusive administrators off the hook .
Emboldening bad tendencies
Experts and civil society leaders also continue to warn strongly against passing the Protection of Security Forces Act . Safeguarding Tunisia 's new democratic constitution and improving efficiency amongst Tunisian security forces in the fight against terrorism , they say , requires more accountability , not less , from the security sector . This is especially true because terrorist recruitment in Tunisia is driven in part by societal disgust with existing corrupt state practices .
'The whole message of the Reconciliation Law is that there was no revolution , there were no victims ' - Oumayma Mehdi , project assistant at Al Bawsala
Civil society leaders further stress that this law would embolden the worst tendencies of Tunisia 's security forces , which formed the cornerstone of its pre-revolutionary police state . These forces have a long history of violently oppressing free speech and quashing attempts at security sector reform .
For decades prior to the revolution , the Ministry of Interior , which oversees the security forces , doubled as a torture chamber . Leftist and Islamist political prisoners were abused in grotesque ways there , despite the building 's location in the heart of downtown Tunis . The ministry briefly creaked its doors open to civil society groups after the revolution but slammed those doors shut following Nidaa 's victory in 2014 , an electoral outcome that emboldened security forces unions opposed to enhance civilian oversight and transitional justice .
Tunisian special forces attend an official ceremony inside the barracks of the presidential security service in Gammarth in November 2016 ( AFP )
Ennahda has hesitated to criticise the security bill . Having lost the most recent elections to Nidaa in part because of perceived laxity and incompetence on security , it seeks to appear stronger on crime . UGTT , meanwhile , has not taken a position on the bill .
Many Tunisian civil society leaders , particularly young activists who support the anti-corruption organisation I-WATCH and the Manich Msamah movement , fear , however , that passing these two laws could neutralise or even reverse progress that Prime Minister Chahed made against corruption earlier this summer .
Some say that , rather than simply applauding the prime minister , international actors , particularly the IMF and World Bank , which can powerfully influence Tunisian policy , should do more to ensure their anti-corruption arrests become part of a cohesive and institutionalised war on corruption . Passing either or both of these laws would undermine such efforts .
Jailed , tortured and forced into exile : In Tunisia , now we have our moment of truth Read More »
In the view of Tunisia 's young civil society activists , these laws are not just unnecessary : they actively communicate state support for corruption and impunity .
`` The whole message of the Reconciliation Law is that there was no revolution , there were no victims , '' said Oumayma Mehdi , a project assistant at Al Bawsala , a well-known NGO that monitors parliamentary activity .
`` It 's very dangerous . If we do n't encourage people to fight this , it 's as if we 're letting go of every principle that formed the basis of the revolution . ''
- Monica Marks is a research fellow with the European Research Council 's WAFAW program and a Rhodes Scholar . They were based in Tunisia from 2012-16 and has conducted over 1,200 interviews there in the course of their research .
The opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the editorial position of Middle East Eye .
Photo : Tunisians hold flags during a demonstration in solidarity with Prime Minister Youssef Chahed in their fight against corruption on 26 May 2017 in front of the prime ministry offices ( AFP )
This article is available in French on Middle East Eye French edition .
TOKYO , Nov 10 ( Reuters ) - Toyota Motor Corp plans to bring back overtime at its North American factories next week in a partial recovery from the impact of the Thai floods , while Honda Motor Co said its supply shortage has spread across four continents .
Thailand 's worst floods in half a century have inundated hundreds of parts suppliers , forcing many automakers to halt work in the country and reduce output elsewhere .
Honda , Japan 's No.3 carmaker , has been hit the hardest , with its own 240,000-cars-a-year plant and about 35 of its tier-one suppliers underwater .
A spokesperson said on Thursday Honda had also started cutting output in Brazil this week , following a reduction at its factory in Britain from Oct. 31 , and an announcement earlier that North America will remain affected for several more weeks .
It had previously also said production at several Asian factories , including Japan from this week , would be lowered .
The company has not disclosed how much production has been cut . Both Toyota and Honda have withdrawn their profit forecasts for the year to March citing uncertainty over production levels .
Toyota said its North American vehicle plants will bring back overtime from Nov. 14 , while its Indiana and Canadian factories will also work on Saturday , Nov. 19 , as originally scheduled . It also said on Wednesday it would resume partial production at its three Thai factories from Nov. 21 .
Toyota has yet to give an update on other Southeast Asian regions such as Indonesia , as well as South Africa beyond this week .
Shares of Japanese automakers fell in a broad decline in Tokyo on Thursday . Toyota fell 2.2 percent and Honda fell 1.8 percent , while the Topix index lost 2.4 percent .
Political workers and civic activists who lived through the 2008 campaign of intimidation and repression — in which many foot soldiers in Mr. Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change were tortured or murdered — say ZANU-PF will not need to be so violent this time around . Threats may be enough .
In Mashonaland West , Mr. Mugabe 's home province , people said they were already being warned by local traditional leaders loyal to Mr. Mugabe that the next election would be more terrifying than the last one , when their relatives were abducted and attacked after Mr. Tsvangirai won some constituencies .
“ They say , ‘ We were only playing with you last time , ' ” said one 53-year-old woman , too frightened to be quoted by name , repeating a warning other in the countryside have heard . “ ‘ This time we will go door to door beating and killing people if you do n't vote for ZANU-PF . ' ”
But even as many voice a growing conviction that Mr. Mugabe is plotting to oust their rival and reclaim sole power , they have retained their ability to keep everyone guessing . Their political opponents and Western diplomats wonder if Mr. Mugabe is bluffing about a push for quick elections , perhaps to force the factions in their own party to declare their allegiance to them and extinguish the internal jockeying to succeed him .
Further complicating the picture , Mr. Mugabe struck a statesmanlike pose on Monday at a news conference where they graciously shared the stage with Mr. Tsvangirai . The next day , the state-controlled newspaper quoted them as boasting that he , Mr. Tsvangirai and Deputy Prime Minister Arthur Mutambara had brought peace to the country after the 2008 elections . But they also said that new elections would be held after the process of crafting a new constitution was completed , and that the power-sharing government should not be extended beyond August .
The contest between Mr. Mugabe , a university-educated Machiavellian , and Mr. Tsvangirai , 58 , a former labor leader who never went to college and is often described as a well intentioned but bumbling tactician , lies at the heart of Zimbabwe 's tumultuous political life .
Not long after Mr. Tsvangirai quit the June 2008 runoff in hopes of halting the beating and torture of thousands of their party workers and supporters , the two men suddenly found themselves alone in the same room . Thabo Mbeki , then South Africa 's president and the mediator in the Zimbabwe crisis , vanished during a lunchtime .
Photo
In their resonant , cultivated voice , Mr. Mugabe invited Mr. Tsvangirai to join them for a traditional meal of sadza , greens and stew , prepared by Mr. Mugabe 's personal chef , but Mr. Tsvangirai , who had been viciously beaten by Mr. Mugabe 's police force the year before , refused to eat , aides to both men say .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ I can assure you , ” Mr. Mugabe said , according to their press secretary , George Charamba , “ I 'm not about to poison you . ”
In 2009 , under excruciating pressure from regional leaders , Mr. Tsvangirai agreed to a deal that some in their own party saw as a poisoned chalice . It made them prime minister , but allowed Mr. Mugabe to retain the dominant powers of the state .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Tsvangirai admits they initially found Mr. Mugabe “ very accommodative , very charming. ” The men met privately each Monday over tea and scones . When Susan , Mr. Tsvangirai 's wife of more than three decades , died in a car crash just weeks after the government was formed , Mr. Mugabe comforted him . Mr. Mugabe also complained about problems in their own party , and the two men commiserated about how to deal with their hard-liners , Mr. Charamba said .
But Mr. Tsvangirai said in a recent interview that they had come to believe it was Mr. Mugabe himself , not military commanders or other members of the president 's powerful inner circle , who was the principal manipulator .
“ He goes along , ” Mr. Tsvangirai said , “ pretends to be a gentleman , pretends to be accommodative , pretends to be seriously committed to the law , and turns around , sending people , beating up people , using violence to coerce and to literally defend power for the sake of defending power . ”
After a decade resisting Mr. Mugabe 's rule from the outside , Mr. Tsvangirai , other leaders of their party and a small breakaway faction have found themselves at the table with them in Tuesday cabinet meetings . They have studied the qualities that have helped Mr. Mugabe hang on to power for 30 years : stamina , mental acuity , attention to detail , charm and an uncanny instinct for the exercise of power .
“ Let me tell you , that man 's brain is still very , very , very sharp , but their body is frail , ” Mr. Tsvangirai said .
While polls show that Mr. Tsvangirai remains the country 's most popular politician and the likely victor of a fair election , analysts say Mr. Mugabe has been emboldened by a major development : the recent discovery that diamond fields in eastern Zimbabwe , which fall under a ministry controlled by ZANU-PF , may be among the richest in the world .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The minister of mines , Obert Mpofu , insisted in an interview that “ ZANU-PF has not gotten a cent from diamonds , not one cent. ” But Mr. Tsvangirai and analysts here say they assume that illicit diamond profits are enriching the party 's coffers and helping buy the loyalty of the security services that enforced ZANU-PF 's violent election strategy in 2008 .
Mr. Charamba , the president 's press secretary , rejected the assertions , saying there would be “ an all-out deployment to assure there is no violence ” by any party .
Since Mr. Tsvangirai joined the government , Mr. Mugabe has openly tested the limits of their deal , unilaterally appointing many senior officials and refusing to swear in one of Mr. Tsvangirai 's closest advisers . Mr. Mugabe , in turn , claims that Mr. Tsvangirai has not held up their end of the bargain : lobbying the West to end travel and financial sanctions on them and their coterie .
Mr. Tsvangirai admitted that after leading the struggle against Mr. Mugabe 's rule since 1999 , they had no ready answers for establishing “ a democratic struggle without guns , without using violence ” in the country .
“ There 's no template about the solution to the Zimbabwe crisis , ” they said . “ We have learned this over the last 10 years . There is no template for how we 're going to deal with Mugabe . ”
For those players who have n't been involved in the D & D playtest and are coming to the new rules with knowledge of earlier systems , it 's probably worth discussing how the system works .
As with 3E and 4E , the new combat system uses Cyclical Initiative . At the beginning of the combat , each combatant makes a Dexterity check and then everyone acts in that order , from the highest check to lowest , for the rest of the combat . A Surprised character misses their first turn , but is ready to go in the second round .
Unlike most other versions of D & D , you can split your Move before and after your action – and even between individual attacks . This is glorious when you 're fighting fragile kobolds – you can run through several of them in a single round , despite them not all being adjacent to you , assuming you have enough attacks to do so . ( Two weapon fighting and higher levels are the most likely source of extra attacks ) . It should be noted how different this is from 3E ; in that edition , if you did anything but a 5 foot step , you could only make one attack . In the new edition , you can always make all your attacks , assuming you can reach your opponents !
A really big difference is how moving works when next to a creature . In 3E and 4E , if you moved from one square adjacent to a creature to another , you provoked an Opportunity Attack , where the creature got a swing at you . In the new game , you only provoke if you move away from the creature . It is quite legal to run in circles around an orc – you will not be attacked . When this is coupled with the ability of halflings to move through the spaces of creatures bigger than them ( or anyone moving through creatures two sizes bigger ) , it allows for some very quick and unusual manoeuvres . If you have to get away , you can use a Disengage action instead of attacking to move without provoking attacks in the turn .
The net result of this is that , like AD & D , it is better to defend the wizard with a lot of highly armoured bodies rather than rely on a “ sticky ” fighter ( as in 4E ) to defend him .
In 3E , lots of things provoked attacks of opportunity , and quite a number of them made their way into 4E as well . These are mostly gone in the new edition . Only moving away from a creature will provoke one – and a combatant can only make one opportunity attack for each turn they take . ( Your ability to perform a reaction resets when your turn begins ) . Spell-casting and ranged attacks no longer provoke opportunity attacks . However , if you 're adjacent to a hostile creature when you cast a ranged spell or make a ranged attack , you 'll have Disadvantage on your attack roll . Advantage and Disadvantage are two of the really good new mechanics in this edition , allowing exciting moments in combat , and enabling Bounded Accuracy . ( Rolling two d20s and taking the best or worst roll changes the effectiveness of the action , but not the bounds of how good or bad it could be ) . Casting spells which require saving throws or , at least , no ranged attack rolls , may be done without fear of provoking an attack .
Critical Hits typically occur on the roll of a 20 , although high-level fighters and some other abilities may increase that range . There are no rolls to confirm the critical , it just does extra damage . A few versions were used in the playtest , but the final version doubles how many damage dice you roll ; unlike 3E , the damage modifier is not changed . There 's no maximisation of the damage dice , as there was in 4E .
The various Bull Rush , Disarm , Trip and Grappling special attacks are changed in the new edition . Disarm does n't exist ( it 's a very problematic ability ; when it was first introduced in AD & D , only a very few weapons could use it , and only against shorter weapons from the same list ! ) Bull Rush and Trip effects are in the game as Shove , and Grappling does not ( yet ) allow the full range of actions as in 3E . It allows you to stop another character from moving , and to drag them along with you , but little else . There is a Restrained condition , but no character can yet inflict that condition ; we 'll have to wait until the Player 's Handbook
comes out !
Two-Weapon Fighting is elegantly handled : you use a bonus action to attack with your off-hand weapon . This attack does not get the damage bonus due to Strength or Dexterity it would normally accrue . Certain classes and feats improve the off-hand attack 's effectiveness .
Characters unfortunate to lose all their hit points are now dying . There are no such things as negative hit points in the game , although a blow that would have knocked you to negative hit points equal to your maximum hit point score will kill you outright . Instead , once you reach 0 hit points you start making Death saving throws : three failed saves , and you die . Three successful saves , and you stabilise . A natural 20 restores you to 1 hit point , and a natural 1 counts as two failed death saving throws . Being hit when dying also counts as a failed save , so you can see that it is possible to die very quickly once you 're reduced to 0 hit points !
One other thing worth noting is the Dodge action , which condemns all attackers targeting you to take disadvantage on their attacks . I 've seen it used to great effect by a fighter with a high Armour Class blocking a doorway , whilst everyone else loosed missiles and spells at the monsters . An armour class of 18 is very hard for most low-level foes ( and even those of moderate levels ) to hit .
That said , creatures now give Cover once again from friendly attacks . If you 're trying to shoot someone who is standing behind the fighter , you 'll have a penalty – typically +2 to their AC ( half cover ) or +5 to their AC ( three-quarter cover ) . Mostly , it will be +2 if the cover is given by a creature .
With relatively low hit points , combats should go past fairly quickly , especially at the Starter Set levels . At higher levels , they can take longer , but I 'm yet to see one take as long as the longest combats in 3E or 4E . I hope you enjoy the game !
( KUTV ) A BYU professor says he 's made a surprising discovery about just how hard it is for bacteria to die , and they say it could have implications for exploring space .
Daniel Austin , professor of chemistry , received funding from NASA to try to figure out how fast bacteria can travel before they die on impact .
`` At some point they 're going to splat and break apart , '' Austin said . `` We do n't know where that limit is . ''
So far Austin and two students have been able to send bacteria flying at 670 miles per hour into a glass surface . But the bacteria have n't been hurt .
`` We 've been very surprised , '' Austin said . `` As fast as we 've been able to get them so far , they still survive . ''
Why should we care ? According to Austin , their experiment could lead to significant insights about outer space and whether bacteria from one planet could end up on another .
`` If there were life on Mars and bacteria somehow get embedded in a meteorite that gets knocked off and then makes its way to earth , that might be a mechanism by which they could travel between planets , '' they said , adding that bacteria could also travel by way of humans .
Austin is carrying out their crash test experiment in a machine they built himself . They take a suspension of bacteria in water , puts them into the device , and accelerates them with a gas jet . The bacteria then hit a glass surface .
`` Then we culture them and see if they 're still alive , '' said Austin .
The professor says NASA cares about this study because of the need to keep planets protected and not taint the ability of scientists to determine if life is present there .
`` We want to keep those environments in their pristine condition , '' Austin said .
The professor plans to present their findings at a conference in Texas in June . They also plan to continue the study with a goal of getting the bacteria to travel as fast as 2,000 miles per hour . They think that might finally kill them off .
`` That anything can survive that kind of impact is amazing , '' they said .
To read Austin 's paper on this subject , .
Pension System
The Russian pension system has undergone major structural changes in the past years , developing from a single , publicly managed distributive system into a multi-pillar pension system . Since 1999 , several laws have been adopted that have re-shaped the current system , which was implemented in its current form in 2002 .
The implemented changes induced a shift from a solely pay-as-you-go-financed defined benefit system to a mixed system that consists of both pay-as-you-go and funded elements combined with defined contribution elements . The pension fund market in Russia is at an early stage of development with total assets accounting for around 1.5 % of GDP in 2006 .
Public Pensions
The state pension covers all public and private sector employees , as well as civil servants . Employers have to pay a uniform social security tax that amounts to 26 % of payroll . This rate is split between the different parts of the system . The marginal contribution rate decreases with higher incomes resulting in a decrease in average contribution rates . The rate scale is regressive with a contribution assessment limit of RUB 600,000 ( EUR 16,600 ) .
The first pillar consists of two parts :
1.Basic pension
This part of the state pension is pay-as-you-go financed with a strong redistributive element towards low-income earners as it provides a flat-rate benefit . Six percent of the uniform social security tax is split into the basic pension . The basic pension is indexed to inflation .
2.Insurance part
When the insurance part was introduced , it was the first time that a defined contribution element had been implemented in the Russian pension system . Contributions are recorded in notional accounts , which means that the insurance part is financed on a pay-as-you-go basis , but benefits are earnings-related and based on the virtual contribution record .
Contribution rates differ depending on the age of the employee . Those born in 1966 and earlier contribute 14 % from the uniform social security tax to the insurance part . Those who are younger contribute only 7 % because another 7 % is paid into the mandatory second pillar . Employees born in 1966 and earlier are excluded from the mandatory second pillar . Their contributions are concentrated in the insurance part , which is indexed to inflation and reflects the developments of average wages .
Legal retirement age
The legal retirement age in Russia is 60 years for men and 55 for women , although early retirement is a serious problem for the pension system with broad exemptions existing for several industries and professions . The previous government had discussed an increase in the retirement age by five years . However , no new proposal is expected from the new government in the short term . Increasing the retirement age would be electorially unpopular , especially considering that male life expectancy is approximately 59 years of age .
Tax treatment of contributions and benefits
Contributions are fully tax-deductible as company expenses . Benefits of the first pillar are paid in the form of life-long payments and remain untaxed .
Occupational Pensions
In the course of the 2002 pension reform a mandatory second pillar , the so-called funded part , was implemented in Russia , which complements the basic and the insurance part as the third element of the mandatory pension system . For employees who are born in 1967 and later up to 7 % of the uniform social security tax is redirected to the funded part . For those born in 1966 and earlier no funded pension is build up .
Every employee has the right to choose if contributions will be allocated to a non-state pension fund ( NPF ) or the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation ( PFR ) . Non-state pension funds have been allowed to take part in the mandatory system as separate legal entities since 2004 . Previously they could only participate in the voluntary system . The PFR plays a central role in collecting pension money and investing accumulated capital before distributing contributions to the personal account of the employee . Employees who choose the PFR have to select an asset manager with an investment option , otherwise the default option applies , which means transferring the money to the state-owned asset manager Vnesheconombank .
Asset management companies wanting to participate in the mandatory system require an appropriate licence to provide services for and manage assets from both the PFR and the NPFs . The PFR selection process of investment managers is organised via tender , while NPFs may choose among asset management companies that comply with legal requirements set for investment for the PFR . Foreign-owned asset management companies need a special license to participate in this market .
Portability
In Russia every employee has an insurance certificate with an identification code that solves many of the identification problems normally associated with decentralised second pillar pensions . In this case , the contributions are directly linked to the employee , irrespective of the contributor .
Distribution
As payments from the second pillar have not yet started , matters concerning the design of payouts are still under discussion . Generally , no lump sum payments or phased withdrawals will be authorised for the PFR . Annuities should apply with a nominal rate of return assumed to be zero .
Accordingly , NPFs are not allowed to provide lump sum benefits , but phased withdrawals are permitted . Unfortunately , funds often do not clearly define the payment modalities available .
Tax treatment of contributions and benefits
Contributions are fully tax-deductible as company expenses . Pension benefits remain untaxed .
Voluntary Occupational Pensions
Besides the mandatory pension system , voluntary occupational pensions are available to public and private corporations and individuals . Providers of voluntary occupational pensions are non-state pension funds and insurance companies . The schemes offered can be in the form of defined benefit or defined contribution , although DC schemes are prevalent . The regulation of NPFs activities is rather loose – in some areas it is up to the NPF itself to set requirements for contract conclusion . For example , no minimum funding requirements are specified by law – the NPF is able to demand additional contributions from the sponsoring entity or to decrease the level of payment to the pensioner .
Portability
In the case of voluntary occupational pensions , the employer directly contracts with an NPF . Contributions could be made in bulk from the employer to an employer account or by the participant into a personal account . The law does not regulate the portability of pension rights . Vesting and portability depends on the agreement between the NPF and the employer .
Distribution
As with the mandatory system , no lump sum benefits are allowed . Instead , fixed-period or lifelong annuities are proposed .
Tax treatment of contributions and benefits
In general , employer contributions up to 12 % of the payroll remain untaxed provided that the benefit is paid in the form of an annuity . Investment returns in excess of the Central Bank refinancing rate are subject to taxation . Pension benefits will be subject to personal income tax .
Outlook
Russia has not been spared from the trend of an aging population . As with most industrialised countries , the working-age population of Russia is set to decrease considerably over the next decades . Decreasing fertility and a longer life expectancy ( at least amongst some sectors of the population ) are contributing factors . The public pension system will also suffer from the retiring baby boomer cohort , which will lead to a considerable pension deficit in the decades ahead . This will not be cushioned by the oil revenues that are currently suffering from historical low levels .
With its fantastical realms and motley cast of supernatural miscreants , World of Warcraft broke new ground in multiplayer online role-playing computer games , and has now spawned the most successful computer game movie adaptation of all time .
After its second weekend at the box office , Warcraft : The Beginning has recouped $ 377.6 million globally , despite bombing in the U.S . The movie received a meager 32 % on metacritic.com and took just $ 24.4 million in its first five days in American cinemas , and dropped a whopping 73 % on its second weekend , bringing in a paltry $ 6.5 million . Yet the movie remains a financial triumph almost entirely owed to its showing in China , where cinema-goers have so far shelled out more than $ 200 million on it , even eclipsing Star Wars : The Force Awakens , which took $ 125.4 million in its entire run in China .
Movie experts hail Warcraft 's success as demonstrating the power of China 's booming cinema . Box office revenues grew by almost 50 % in China last year and may even surpass the U.S. by as early as next year . There are plans afoot to double the nation 's 35,000 cinema screens before long . ( The U.S. currently has just over 40,000 . )
This trend has the potential to radically reshape how Hollywood operates . But while there is no denying the burgeoning power of Chinese film fans , assessing Warcraft 's success requires more nuance . Just like in the U.S. , the movie dropped off massively after its opening — netting $ 156 million over its first five days and the next $ 40 million-odd over spread over more than a week . That suggests that the Warcraft movie may not have broad appeal among Chinese ; instead , its success appears to be largely owed to the nation 's sizeable and dedicated gamer following .
“ I have watch the Warcraft movie five times , and I will never forget my obsession and my friends who fought by my side in Warcraft , ” posted one user of China 's Twitter-like microblog Weibo . “ I had fun , also lost myself in World of Warcraft . I have lived in one more world than most people . ”
Since its launch in 2004 , WoW , as it 's better known to fans , has drawn over 100 million players — a record for a role-playing computer game . Half of the current five-million-strong playing roster resides in China , where the game is aptly know as “ World of Magic Beasts. ” They are typically young men aged 15-25 .
“ I can still remember me and my roommates in college staying up late and playing Warcraft together , ” posted another fan . “ We were really bonding through this game . The success of Warcraft is not because how good the movie is , but it represents the years of our burning passions , and the unforgettable brotherhood . ”
died after a marathon , 19-hour session . WoW is so popular that there are Chinese kids regularly get so hooked on WoW that they forget to eat , drink or sleep — one player evenafter a marathon , 19-hour session . WoW is so popular that there are professional players who are treated like movie stars , complete with sponsorship deals with fawning groupies . There are Chinese boot camps set up especially for kids who suffer from role-player game addiction .
This obsession with role-playing escapism could have much to do with the highly regimented lives led by middle-class Chinese kids , who cope with enormous pressure . Due to China 's only recently rescinded One-Child Policy , many are only children , and are solely relied upon to support their aging parents and grandparents .
This month , 9.4 million Chinese kids took the gaokao — China 's university entrance exam equivalent to America 's SAT — yet there were only 3 million college places up for grabs , and only a small fraction of those were at “ top-tier ” institutions . Exam-related suicide is so common that one school even installed special barriers to prevent students flinging themselves to their deaths .
Adulthood does n't bring respite . Deviant behavior massively jeopardizes career advancement in a one-party state where every citizen has a dangan , or personal file , that lists their misdeeds from their entry into public life — typically enrollment at elementary school — until their death .
In this suffocating world , WoW 's appeal is in having complete , uncompromising control over a fantasy , where a player can be as brazen , shocking and nonconformist as their imaginations can stretch .
“ Even though young [ Chinese ] people would like to care about political and historical issues , their choices are limited , ” Zhou Xiaozheng , a retired professor of sociology at Beijing 's Renmin University , tells TIME . “ So they indulge themselves in entertainment . ”
Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius has come under fire for their overrule of the FDA on Plan B
Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images .
Seems the Obama administration will be disappointed , if they were hoping for an end to the backlash against HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius making the unprecedented move of overruling the FDA 's decision to make Plan B emergency contraception available over the counter without age restrictions . For one thing , the legal manuevering is far from over , with a federal judge specifically recommending to the Center for Reproductive Rights that they reopen a 2005 lawsuit against the FDA , and add Kathleen Sebelius as a defendant . Even though some pro-choice Democrats in Congress are reluctant to criticize Sebelius , Sen. Patty Murray sent a letter signed by 14 senators to Sebelius , demanding that they explain the science they used to justify this decision .
Now even some Republicans are making Obama look bad on this one . Michael Bloomberg criticized the administration , even though in doing so they seem to display a poor understanding of how Plan B works . ( It works by suppressing ovulation for that single cycle , though a massive anti-choice misinformation campaign has misled many people into thinking Plan B has something to do with abortion . It does , only insofar as it prevents abortions . ) Most Republican politicians are understandably silent on this issue , but at least one member of the cable news shock troops , former speechwriter for Condoleezza Rice , Elisa Jordan , used the opportunity to take potshots at Obama for political pandering and ignoring pertinent facts ( such as how few 11-year-olds have sex ) when making the decision . The perception is out there that this decision could chill the enthusiasm many young women feel for the Obama administration , which could do some damage in the 2012 race . Watching former FDA official Dr. Susan Wood demonstrate exactly how safe and easy Plan B is to use on Up with Chris Hayes , it 's hard to avoid agreeing . Once you realize how easy and safe Plan B really is , it 's undeniable that the administration sent out a signal to the young women of America that their basic ability to read a one-page sheet and swallow a single pill is being called into question . If someone thinks you were n't capable of performing that simple task at age 15 , they basically think you 're too stupid to work a voting machine properly . Not a good message for getting young women out to vote .
The administration 's political calculation here is understandable . I 've definitely seen in the past week how the very idea of teenage girls being sexual is still treated as an affront to Daddy 's authority , and it causes many people to become so angry and upset that basic reason and evidence can not penetrate their brain . No matter how many times you point out that the sex has already happened when a girl is buying a pill ( and that denying it to them wo n't reverse time and re-virginize them to Daddy 's exact specifications ) , or that we were all fooling around as teenagers and it worked out just fine , or that mandatory pregnancy is an excessive punishment even if you think that sex for young women is wrong , the result is the same . It 's like shooting oil balls at a tub of water : The facts skim the surface , but they ca n't penetrate the thick layer of “ Daddy said no sex , girls must obey without question , and no punishment is too excessive for disobeying Daddy. ” Those folks are loud and numerous , and they vote , too . Even though most are Republicans , many are Democrats and independents , and the administration is aware of that . But do they outnumber young women who supported Obama vociferously in 2008 , and do not appreciate being told that we 're too stupid to handle a medication that is the standard-bearer for an idiot-proof drug ?
MEPs voted Tuesday in favour of a centralised asylum system to allow the EU to better manage flows of migrants and asylum seekers .
The migration agreement between the EU and Turkey is imperfect , but the most realistic tool to tackle the situation , said many MEPs during a debate on Wednesday morning . They also raised concerns over media freedom and the rule of law in Turkey in a discussion on the progress made by the country towards EU membership on Wednesday afternoon .
MEPs discussed on Tuesday the Panama papers revelations of tax evasion through offshore companies and called for more measures to improve tax transparency . Check out our coverage of the debate on Storify . In addition EP President Martin Schulz and the political group leaders agreed on Parliament setting up of an inquiry committee to investigate the Panama papers .
Parliament adopted on Thursday new rules to give companies legal protection against theft or misuse of their trade secrets , while including safeguards for journalists and whistle-blowers .
The refugee crisis needs joint solutions , said Portuguese President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa during their formal address to the Parliament on Wednesday .
An agreement on the use of passenger name records ( PNR ) was endorsed by the Parliament on Thursday . The directive establishes common rules for airlines to share data with national authorities to help fight terrorism and serious crime . Find out more in our infographic .
Measures to fight terrorism following recent attacks in Paris and Brussels were debated with representatives of Commission and Council on Tuesday .
Parliament approved €100 million in emergency aid for refugees within the EU and €2 million to hire new staff for the EU law enforcement agency Europol 's counter -terrorism centre on Wednesday .
Measures taken by the Polish government have led to the effective paralysis of the country 's constitutional tribunal , posing a danger to democracy and the rule of law , said MEPs in a non-binding resolution adopted on Wednesday .
MEPs approved Thursday a reform of European data protection rules to give internet users more control of their personal data .
Click here for more news from the European Parliament .
One of the intriguing and important questions about the fallout from the EU referendum is whether it will serve to reshape British party politics . Both UKIP ( in the pro-Brexit camp ) and the Liberal Democrats ( in the anti-Brexit one ) are making their very different perspectives on whether and how we should leave the EU the corner stone of their current appeals , as befits what were already the country 's most anti- and pro-EU parties respectively . In so doing they are competing for votes with two larger parties both of whom found their supporters badly divided in the referendum last June . We thus might wonder whether Conservative supporters who voted to Remain will stay loyal to a party that is now pursuing what many describe as a ‘ hard ' Brexit . Perhaps they might be enticed to switch to the Liberal Democrats , who after all have traditionally been the party of protest for discontented Conservatives . Meanwhile , it has been widely suggested that Labour is at risk of losing many of its ( working class ) Leave supporters in the wake of an explicit appeal from UKIP for their support .
Regular readers will be aware that last week we questioned the apparent widespread belief , given much airing in anticipation of this week 's Stoke and Copeland by-elections , that most Labour voters in the North of England and the Midlands voted to Leave . We showed that , although they were more likely than their southern counterparts to have backed getting out of the EU , still no more than two in five of Labour voters in the North and the Midlands actually voted for Leave . Moreover , they were certainly far less likely to have voted that way than Conservative supporters in the North and the Midlands , of whom around two in three did so . Even when we take into account the fact that there are fewer Conservatives than Labour voters in the North and the Midlands , these figures mean that a somewhat higher proportion of the Leave vote in the North and the Midlands came from Conservative rather than from Labour supporters .
That analysis in itself raised some questions about the viability of a UKIP strategy that is apparently focused on winning over Labour Leave supporters in the North and the Midlands . But , of course , the acid test of what impact , if any , the debate about Brexit is having on support for the political parties is to examine whether there is any evidence that those who voted for Remain or Leave have switched their party allegiance in one direction or the other since the EU referendum . That is what I have done in an article to appear in the latest edition of IPPR 's journal , Juncture . The analysis is based on polls conducted by YouGov – these are not only more numerous than those conducted by any other company but are also the only polls that have regularly reported separately the current vote intentions of Remain and Leave supporters .
Amongst voters as a whole there have been some clear movements since Theresa May became Prime Minister and their strategy for Brexit emerged . Labour support stood at 30 % on average in nine polls conducted by YouGov in August and September last year , only a little below the 31 % that the party won in the 2015 general election . In the seven polls that the company has conducted since the beginning of the year , that figure has fallen to just 25 % .
Despite this decline in Labour support , UKIP have done little more than tread water . At 13 % , their average level of support in YouGov 's polls to date this year is exactly the same as it was in August/September – and in the 2015 general election . Meanwhile the Conservatives have not done much better , edging up from 39 % to 40 % , enough to put them just a couple of points above the share of the vote won by the party in 2015 .
The party that has made some discernible , if modest progress during the course of the Brexit debate is the Liberal Democrats . Last August and September the party was still running at just the 8 % that it scored in 2015 . This year it has been averaging 11 % . The first signs of this turnaround began to emerge in the run-up to the Richmond by-election ( held at the beginning of December ) , in which the party pulled off a notable victory . But it seems to have consolidated further since then .
However , the fall in Labour support and the increase in the Liberal Democrats ' popularity have not occurred across the board . Both movements have been almost entirely confined to those who voted Remain last June . As the table below shows , Liberal Democrat support has increased from 13 % to 19 % amongst those who voted to Remain , while it has stagnated at a miniscule 3 % amongst those who voted to Leave . Meanwhile , Labour support amongst those who voted Remain has fallen by no less than six points – from 43 % to 37 % – while it has dropped by just a single point ( from 14 % to 13 % ) amongst those who voted Leave .
There are two other features of the table that we should note . First , even in its currently enfeebled state , and even after losing ground amongst those who voted Remain , Labour is still the single most popular party amongst those who wanted to stay in the EU , and it remains nearly three times as popular amongst Remain voters than amongst Leave voters . Second , UKIP 's support is almost wholly confined to those who voted Leave , amongst whom the party is already well ahead of Labour . Between them these two patterns suggest that the potential for UKIP to increase its support further by winning over Labour voters is relatively limited . UKIP , it seems , are only capable of winning the support of those who voted Leave last June , and such voters are relatively thin on the ground in Labour 's ranks . In contrast , there are plenty of Remain supporters to whom the Liberal Democrats would seem to have at least some chance of appealing .
In voting in favour of the invocation of Article 50 , Labour argued that it had to respect referendum result . That decision may , indeed , have helped shore up the support of the minority of its voters who voted to Leave . But , it may also have put at risk the loyalty of the much larger group of its voters who backed Remain . And in the battle to win over disenchanted Labour voters , it is the pro-Remain Liberal Democrats , not pro-Brexit UKIP , who have drawn first blood .
Stock Forecast : Short-term Trading
Daily Stock Selection Based On a Self-Learning Algorithm
Time Period : January 7th , 2016 – July 31st , 2016
Daily Trading Model : Stock Forecast
The short-term signals of I Know First 's proprietary algorithm can be successfully utilized besides their application for better timing of the mid and long term investments . Variety of rules based on those can be developed for trades execution and rebalancing on a daily basis . A high predictability level and signal strength are key factors for the most intuitive approach of selecting the highest ranked stocks . However , there can be several ways of integrating a trend or mean reversion logic into the selection process to account for trader 's approach and/or market conditions . Below the back test results of five strategies in this context are given for the S & P 500 stocks universe since the beginning of 2016 . At most 20 highest ranked stocks per day ( if available ) are traded in each case , the equity lines represent the value of corresponding equally weighted and daily rebalanced baskets of stocks , set up to outperform the broader universe . For three of them , additionally to the predictability and signal level , the price and signal dynamics are taken into account for the respective selection processes . No technical analysis elements ( indicators , oscillators ) are part of the analysis below .
The signals are generated daily before the market opens and subsequently used to rank the stocks . For simplification purposes the simulation uses close-to-close price changes only and hence no limit orders or stop losses are considered for further performance enhancement . Both long and short positions can be taken , no leverage is applied .
The overall return in the period January 7th 2016 – July 31st 2016 ranges between 22.1 % and 45.0 % while the S & P 500 increased by 9.2 % .
The following table summarizes the overall results and the annualized figures ( assuming 252 business days in a year ) for each of the strategies .
The table below breaks down the analysis into the respective trade statistics over the considered period :
Overall , without the default predictability filter applied and without considering any specific strategy , below are the averages of the daily trade returns depending on the signal strength vs. the realized average S & P500 stocks return :
Focusing on the trades with a higher level of predictability further improves the returns for stronger signals :
I Know First Research
[ email protected ]
Perfection is achieved , not when there is nothing more to add , but when there is nothing left to take away
— Antoine de Saint-Exupery French writer ( 1900–1944 )
Minimalism is a word I 'm sure you 've heard before . It often gets thrown around on design blogs though sometimes carelessly as though the term just means to put less on the page .
In fairness minimalism can be a hard concept to wrap your mind around and it probably means different things to different people .
I want to explain why I think all web designers would do best to master minimalist design before any other style .
What is Minimalism ?
I suppose we should start by trying to define minimalism . Here are 2 definitions I found online .
Movements in various forms of art and design , especially visual art and music , where the work is stripped down to its most fundamental features .
Simplicity of style in artwork , design , interior design , or literature , achieved by using the fewest and barest essentials or elements to maximum effect
Minimalism has also been called ABC art , reductivism , and rejective art and its theories have been applied to lifestyle .
Minimalism aims for simplicity and objectivity . It wants to reduce works to the fundamental , the essential , the necessary , and to strip away the ornamental layers that might be placed on top .
Minimalist designs tend toward more whitespace , better typography , grid layouts , and less color .
Mies van der Rohe famously said “ Less is more ” to describe their aesthetic sense of having every element serve multiple purposes both visually and functionally .
Buckminster Fuller later reworked the phrase to “ doing more with less ” and Dieter Rams changed it to “ Less but better . ”
All three are saying the same thing . Minimalism is about designing smarter .
Why You Should Master Minimalism First
If minimalism is about designing smarter , doing more with less , and reducing design to the fundamentals , it relies on getting basic design principles right .
You 're working with less so you need to be able to use the tools you have better . You need a solid grasp of :
While simplicity is used to define minimalism , it 's anything but simple to create a good minimalist design . To master minimalist design means to master design . It 's harder to pull off because you ca n't hide behind ornament and decoration .
All minimalist designs should not and do not look alike . Minimalism does not mean take everything away until only black text on a white background remains . It means communicating as much as possible with as few elements as possible .
It strikes me that instead of a design being minimalist or not minimalist , it 's more a case of to what degree does the design embrace minimalism . We can strive toward it , but even the most minimalist design could be reduced further .
None of this should be taken to mean that every design should end up being minimalist . Different design styles set different moods and invoke different emotions in your audience .
Once you 've mastered the fundamentals you can add meaningful aesthetics on top . Ornamentation works when it has a solid foundation to sit on .
Stylistic details wo n't save a design that fails to execute the fundamentals .
Summary
Minimalism is reducing your work to the essential and using less to do more . In order to do minimalism well you need a strong understanding of basic design principles . When you master minimalism you master design .
I 'll leave you with a few quotes to hopefully drive the point home .
Everything should be made as simple as possible , but not simpler .
— Albert Einstein
The secret of happiness , you see , is not found in seeking more , but in developing the capacity to enjoy less .
— Socrates
Omit needless words
— William Strunk Jr . The Elements of Style
« Prev PostNext Post »
Download a free sample from my book , Design Fundamentals .
Spread the love
Los Angeles , CA — Three rounds with a bean bag gun and a taser — deployed against a man in a wheelchair .
The LAPD is facing criticism after a video surfaced that shows them firing beanbag rounds at a man in a wheelchair and then hitting them with a taser .
According to LAPD Cmdr . Andrew Smith , the man in the wheelchair , Christopher Adam Zareck , 43 , swung a pole at police when they tried to take them into custody .
Police were called to the scene around 7:00 pm last Friday after a man reported that he 'd been in an altercation with Zareck . Ironically enough , the man claiming he 'd been in an altercation with Zareck said they successfully defended themselves against the wheelchair-bound man . However , nearly a dozen officers were deployed to stop this one man .
The video , taken by homeless skid row resident Hubert Jackson , shows 10 officers on the scene for this one man in a wheelchair .
Boom ! Boom ! Then a short pause . Boom ! Three shots are heard as Zareck screams in agony and flails about in their wheelchair . The officers then swarm him , and a taser is then deployed .
“ I hear a shot , then a second shot , and I hear the victim yelling in pain as if gargling over something . Then there 's a second pause and a third shot , ” Jackson said .
While the pole is not visible from the first video , in a second video , taken from above , an officer can be seen dropping a short stick to the ground after Zareck was swarmed by cops .
Zareck was arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon and brought to a nearby hospital to be treated for their injuries .
“ It did n't appear that they were seriously worried about their safety , ” said Pete White of the Los Angeles Community Action Network . “ It was easy enough to approach and have a conversation with a man in a wheelchair . ”
Imagine for a moment , a man threatening to hit you with a pole , who is in a wheelchair . They can not move toward you as long as they hold the pole . There is little , if any threat here . Now imagine that you have a dozen of your friends with you . The man , who is in a wheelchair , regardless of the stick in their hand , becomes almost no threat whatsoever .
If talking to the man nicely , which most likely did not happen , was unsuccessful , simply walking behind them to grab the pole would have been simple . A couple of children could have taken the pole away from Zareck , yet it took 10 cops , 3 beanbag rounds , and a taser .
The notion of “ making it home to my family ” holds little water in situations like this one . These officers could have shot and killed Zareck and the same rationalization would have been used . At what point does the unnecessary violent escalation become police brutality ?
The angle from above .
From remote control drones that can fire rockets into orbit from the edge of space , to giant helium balloons that could carry tourists , science experiments or satellite launchers into the stratosphere , small-scale start-ups are stepping into the control room and embarking on a new low-cost space race .
It represents an exciting new wave of space travel , following in the vapour trails of private companies such as Elon Musk 's SpaceX or Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic .
The Issue The EU is aiming to encourage private companies to develop low-cost launch systems as part of its Space Strategy for Europe announced in October this year . The objective of EU funding for research into space technologies is to enable Europe to access space independently and affordably , and strengthen the capability of European scientists and engineers . Between 2014 and 2020 , it plans to spend over EUR 12 billion on three space programmes - satellite navigation , earth observation and space research .
Where once only global superpowers with vast budgets could go , Europe 's entrepreneurs and innovators will soon be travelling for a fraction of the cost .
One of these innovators is Zero 2 Infinity , a Spanish start-up working on helium balloon-borne spacecraft .
‘ It 's the cheaper way because it 's more efficient , you need fewer engineers to build it , ' explained Jose Mariano Lopez-Urdiales , chief executive .
Near space
The idea is that the balloon would carry a passenger pod into what is known as near space , somewhere between 20 km and 100 km above the earth 's surface , or carry its small rocket-powered Bloostar spacecraft which it could then launch much higher into low-earth orbit .
Zero 2 Infinity customers are already balloon launching satellites for short periods of high-altitude testing , and the company has EUR 140 million in expressions of interest for full satellite launches .
It was the leader of the EU-backed HELIUM project , which developed the concept for a near-space European laboratory that allows orbiting research at 36 km , and the life support system for the two pilots in the initial six-hour flights .
Although space tourists could soon be using the balloon launch system to take selfies in near space , the first passengers are likely to be scientists , according to Lopez-Urdiales .
Aiming higher than the balloon satellite launcher 's range of 600 km , Europe 's ALTAIR project is readying the blueprints for a remote-controlled aircraft which would use a rocket launch module to blast sub-200 kilogram satellite payloads into orbit and take off in 2020 at the earliest .
Runway
ALTAIR 's launch system — similar to Virgin Galactic 's piloted White Knight 2 space tourism aircraft in appearance and general function — would take off from a runway , before ferrying satellites up to an altitude of 12-15 km and igniting its rocket payload .
But the similarities end there . ALTAIR project manager Nicolas Bérend says the project is focused on affordable , remote-controlled launches , calling on the experience of French space centres CNES and Onera , creators of the Eole automated launch aircraft demonstrator which is the project 's precursor .
By the end of the EU-funded programme in 2018 , the six-country collaboration will have a final concept for the unmanned aircraft , its hybrid propulsion engine rocket launcher and ground operations , and will demonstrate its launch technology by doing suborbital tests using a scale model .
‘ If Europe does not take the chance now , then we may lose this possibility . ' Bertil Oving , Netherlands Aerospace Centre
By removing the human pilot and designing a facility geared towards a high launch frequency and minimal staffing , they hope to bring down the costs enough to make the project economically viable .
‘ It is essential to the project 's success to restrict launch costs to around EUR 4 million , a price the team 's market analysts consider to be a competitive launch price , ' said Bérend .
That should give them access to a growing market for small satellite launches , often in the form of so-called CubeSats , nanosatellites normally no more than 10 centimetres wide , a market where Europe is lagging behind at the moment .
Even though Europe covers large-to-medium launches with its Ariane 6 and Vega rockets , and suborbital rockets from the Andøya launch site in Norway , it has no small-satellite solution .
‘ The small satellites are all launched outside of Europe with Russian or Indian launchers , ' said Bertil Oving , of the Netherlands Aerospace Centre . ‘ There is a small-satellite market , it 's booming and if Europe does not take the chance now , then we may lose this possibility . '
They are the coordinator of SMILE , an EU-funded project designing a small-scale launcher for satellites of up to 50 kg .
SMILE will design and start component testing of a standard-format rocket , along with the necessary upgrades to the Andøya facility , by 2019 , keeping costs below EUR 50 000 per kilogram launched , and hopefully cutting the expensive wait for satellites to be able to piggyback on one of the larger rockets .
3D printing
Larger rockets benefit from an economy of scale , and SMILE 's competitiveness would come from advances in reusable components , automated composite manufacturing , 3D printing and also high-volume production .
‘ The payload versus the total mass becomes smaller when the launcher is smaller , so it 's a cost aspect challenge , ' said Oving .
They said SMILE is pushing advances in reusable liquid-fuelled engines and its automated manufacturing advances would have automotive and aviation industry uses , but they think the biggest implications of low-cost , low-orbit access will be for consumers .
‘ The idea for small satellites like CubeSats is to approach them like FedEx & DHL , ' they said . ‘ We will simply bring it to where you want to have it . '
Airlines have been operating charter flights from the United States to Cuba for years , but once commercial routes to the small island were approved this February , the race for the first flight was on .
After years of beefing up their Caribbean offerings , it seems that low-cost carrier JetBlue won the battle . JetBlue will likely be the first American airline to fly commercially from the US to Cuba in over 50 years .
Their first route runs between Fort Lauderdale and Santa Clara . Fares are priced competitively at $ 99 for a one-way ticket . By November , they will add two additional routes from Fort Lauderdale to Camagüey and Holguín .
It bears mentioning that JetBlue won this battle by a hair . Silver Airways offers a commercial flight from Fort Lauderdale to Santa Clara , beginning on September 1 . American Airlines announced that their direct flights from Miami to Cienfuegos and Holguín will take off on September 7 . Frontier , Southwest , Sun Country will also be offering commercial flights to the island .
Despite relaxed travel restrictions as part of President Obama 's efforts to normalize relations between the two countries , Americans still need to fall under one of the 12 categories of travel to visit the island . In efforts to make the process easy , JetBlue allows customers to fill out their required US affidavits as part of the booking process . They are also giving travelers the ability to purchase a Cuban Tourist Visa at the airport before the flight .
Seeking out a second doctor can provide clarity and a sense of reassurance . ( iStockPhoto )
Sometimes , doctors get it wrong . Trisha Torrey , a patient advocate who lives in Syracuse , New York , learned this first-hand when the golf-ball-sized growth in their abdomen was misdiagnosed as a rare and fatal tumor just before the Fourth of July weekend in 2004 .
The surgeon who removed the growth in Torrey 's abdomen told her , “ ‘ I 've never seen anything like this before , ' ” Torrey recalls . “ I asked if I could see it , but they 'd already whisked it off to pathology. ” Torrey 's surgeon was so puzzled by the growth that they consulted another doctor . Both concurred that Torrey had subcutaneous panniculitis-like T-cell lymphoma , a bleak prognosis that gave them only a few months to live . And they wanted to start Torrey on chemotherapy right away .
“ I did n't sleep for two to three weeks , ” Torrey says , adding that they read every piece of information on the disease that they could find . A decade ago , that meant 53 articles . Meanwhile , Torrey 's other test results – including blood work and CT scans – showed no evidence of cancer . That was the first red flag . “ I told my doctor , ‘ I need to get a second opinion , ' ” Torrey says . “ He looked at me and said , ‘ What you have is so rare that no one will know anything more than I do . ' ”
“ That was the switch , ” Torrey continues . “ I went from being a passive receiver of health care services ” to who they are today – an advocate for patients who find themselves in situations similar to their own .
Taking Matters Into Your Own Hands
Torrey asked for their medical records . Looking through them herself , they discovered that some results were missing from one of the tests the doctors had ordered – the clonality test . “ I said [ to the original doctor ] , ‘ You were going to put me through chemo without those tests ? ' ”
Torrey found another doctor by word of mouth when one night at a party , they leaked their diagnosis to friends . “ It had nothing to do with being a smart , diligent patient and everything to do with too much wine , ” they say . That doctor sent Torrey 's lab results to the National Institutes of Health , which came back with good news : Torrey did n't have cancer . They had panniculitis , or inflammation of fat cells , which their clonality test – the one missing from their original doctor – would have shown , since cancer cells clone themselves and benign ones do n't . Torrey 's cells , it turned out , did not clone themselves .
“ Was I happy ? Of course . Relieved ? Beyond , ” Torrey says . “ But I was really angry . Not only had it cost me every ounce of trust that I had in this system ; it cost me every penny of my savings . I did n't lose my house and my retirement . But I had to empty out my savings to pay the bills for a mistake . ''
`` Had I gone through chemo , presumably I would have come out on the other side , ” they continue . “ And in the end , the very doctors who were wrong would have been heroes for curing me of an incurable cancer . ”
Know Your Options
Second opinions are fairly routine . They bring peace of mind and encourage patient engagement , says Jonathan Schaffer , an orthopedic surgeon at Cleveland Clinic . “ If your physician does n't support you getting a second opinion , see how fast you can run . ”
As Torrey adds : “ Any doctor who is any good at what they do will welcome a second opinion , because it will usually be a confirming opinion . ”
Schaffer is also managing director of a program at Cleveland Clinic called “ MyConsult Online Second Opinion , ” which provides second opinions online . The program started in 2004 and has reached tens of thousands of people , Schaffer says . They started it because of the high demand for second opinions from Cleveland Clinic , most stemming from patients who were n't able to physically travel there . Today , 30 percent of their online patients are from abroad . While the online program wo n't work for every condition – multiple sclerosis is one where it 's essential to be seen by a doctor – it does work for 1,260 conditions .
Patients have to submit all their lab work , including pathology reports and blood tests – and they want to know two things , Schaffer says : whether or not they have the correct diagnosis , and if they are on the optimum treatment plan . Cleveland Clinic doctors agree with the original opinions about 75 percent of the time , Schaffer adds , and when they disagree , they call patients directly – instead of just sending out the report that goes to all online patients .
“ The doctors like it because it fosters a ton of discussions , ” Schaffer says . “ If I have a case , I 'm showing the films around to my colleagues . ”
Patients also really like it , they add – even those for whom they have to confirm a disappointing diagnosis . “ We may hear three months later , ‘ Thanks for letting us know that we did everything we could . ' ”
How to Seek a Second Opinion
If you 're thinking about getting a second opinion , do n't hesitate , Torrey says . “ Very few decisions have to be made on the spot . You can think about them , and you should think about them . You should absolutely feel comfortable in saying , ‘ I am not sure what I need to do , but I think I need a second opinion . ' ”
Here are some of Torrey 's tips for getting a second opinion :
Pursue a second opinion if your treatment is toxic , invasive or lifelong ( say , a cholesterol-lowering statin drug ) . “ You might go to another cardiologist who tells you to stop putting butter on your English muffin , so you would n't need to go on the drug , ” Torrey says .
“ You need to make sure your second opinion has no relation to your first doctor , ” Torrey says . “ Friends and colleagues will not contradict each other . Do their kids play on the same soccer team ? Do they go to the same church ? Go to the other side of town. ” Do n't choose surgeons who perform surgery at the same hospital , they add .
“ The second opinion is n't always the one that 's right , ” Torrey says . “ What you 're looking for is a confirming opinion . You are looking for two opinions to say the same thing. ” And a lot of times , the first doctor , they add , is “ Dr . Google . So you will more than likely go with the one that aligns you with Dr. Google. ” That said , do n't confuse second opinions that are driven by wishful thinking with those driven by intuition , Torrey continues . “ If wishful thinking sends you in a direction of learning more , great , but if it 's only sending you on a lot of wild goose chases , then you 're wasting your time , money and health – because you 're not getting any better while you 're on that wild goose chase . ”
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA - The former soldier who 's recommended deep cuts at the Department of National Defence headquarters says the Conservative government has an opportunity to implement historic change .
Retired lieutenant-general Andrew Leslie made their pitch for up to $ 1 billion in savings before the Senate defence committee on Monday , describing the 43 recommendations in their report as `` moderately tough choices '' that will require political will to implement .
Leslie , who headed the army throughout most of the Afghan war , was put in charge of designing a reorganized military and their findings , released last month , have created waves .
Their report calls for cutting a bloated headquarters establishment in Ottawa where approximately 20,000 uniformed members and civil servants oversee operations as well as administration .
They recommended cuts on the bureaucratic side of DND , trimming jobs at headquarters and reallocating resources in measures that could affect up to 11,000 jobs . Among the suggestions , Leslie says the full-time reservists , called up during the Afghan war into headquarters positions , could be demobilized and returned to part-time status .
Under the plan , the department would cut money spent on outside contractors and consultants .
`` I think the only person who agrees with all of my recommendations is me , '' Leslie told the committee , acknowledging the rancour with which the report has been received inside the Ottawa headquarters .
`` It is up to the government of Canada to either accept or not the recommendations and to actually conduct the implementation and that is , arguably , the toughest part of all . This has to be a government of Canada driven activity . ''
The transformation report would `` destroy '' the Canadian military if fully implemented , retired chief of defence staff general Rick Hillier has warned .
Leslie countered by saying they spent over 30 years in uniform and would never do anything to destroy the Forces , but argued that a fiscal reality of cutbacks is going to kick in , regardless of whether the Forces want to acknowledge it .
After nearly a decade of rising defence spending and with a multi-billion dollar budget deficit , Leslie said the military `` ca n't logically expect to go to government and say , please sir , can we have some more . ''
The study , in which Leslie sought out the business community for best practises , says that while the front-line positions grew by around 10 per cent during the war , the number of headquarters and non-operational jobs at DND ballooned by almost 40 per cent .
Leslie said they and their team spent 10 months glued to computer screens and spread sheets and at least once a week they were faced with an `` Oh my God '' moment upon discovering something startling or out of whack within the Defence Department 's giant layered bureaucracy .
Tory Senator Pierre Claude Nolin questioned whether Leslie 's recommendation of returning full-time reservists to part-time status was feasible .
`` Are you sure of that ? '' they asked .
The transformation team did not dig extensively into the civilian side of the DND headquarters because it was ordered halfway through the process to stop .
Leslie said they were told that civilian reductions would be handled separately .
GAZA CITY ( Ma'an ) -- One truckload of strawberries left the Gaza Strip on Tuesday for export to Europe , crossings officials said .
Farmers in Gaza started to export limited amounts of produce to Europe via the Kerem Shalom crossing on Sunday , said crossings liaison officer Raed Fattouh .
The strawberries and carnations were the first produce to leave the coastal enclave in six months due to an Israeli ban on exports which has crippled the Gaza economy .
The agricultural goods are exported under an agreement between Israel and the Dutch government to allow five trucks of farm produce to leave Gaza each day .
The Israeli legal rights organization Gisha notes that if Israel fully implements the agreement , the exports represent just 1 percent of the exports Israel agreed to in 2005 .
Under the 2005 agreement , Israel pledged to allow 400 trucks of Gaza produce to be exported every day .
`` This exception to the ban is helpful for select growers , but it fails to address the manufacturing shut-down and massive unemployment caused by the export ban , '' Gisha said in a statement released Monday .
Before 2007 , 85 percent of Gazan produce was sold to Israel or the West Bank , Gisha said , adding that exporting to Europe was expensive due to high shipping costs and low demand .
Gaza farmer Monthar al-Boudi told Gisha they exported 1,500 tons of strawberries annually before Israel banned exports from Gaza to Israel and the West Bank in 2007 .
In 2010 , al-Boudi was only allowed to sell seven tons of strawberries to Europe .
Gisha director Sari Bashi said : `` It is not clear how preventing producers in Gaza from selling eggplants , school desks , and oranges to the West Bank enhances Israeli security , but the ban is clearly harming Palestinians trying to engage in productive , dignified work . ''
In the United States , more than ten million women use contraceptive hormones . Ethinyl estradiol and levonorgestrel have been mainstay contraceptive hormones for the last four decades . Surprisingly , there is scant information regarding their action on the central nervous system and behavior . Intact female rats received three weeks of subcutaneous ethinyl estradiol ( 10 or 30 μg/rat/day ) , levonorgestrel ( 20 or 60 μg/rat/day ) , a combination of both ( 10/20 μg/rat/day and 30/60 μg/rat/day ) , or vehicle . Subsequently , the rats were tested in three versions of the novel object recognition test to assess learning and memory , and a battery of tests for anxiety-like behavior . Serum estradiol and ovarian weights were measured . All treatment groups exhibited low endogenous 17β-estradiol levels at the time of testing . Dose-dependent effects of drug treatment manifested in both cognitive and anxiety tests . All low dose drugs decreased anxiety-like behavior and impaired performance on novel object recognition . In contrast , the high dose ethinyl estradiol increased anxiety-like behavior and improved performance in cognitive testing . In the cell molecular analyses , low doses of all drugs induced a decrease in tyrosine hydroxylase mRNA and protein in the locus coeruleus . At the same time , low doses of ethinyl estradiol and ethinyl estradiol/levonorgestrel increased galanin protein in this structure . Consistent with the findings above , the low dose treatments of ethinyl estradiol and combination ethinyl estradiol/levonorgestrel reduced brain-derived neurotrophic factor mRNA in the hippocampus . These effects of ethinyl estradiol 10 μg alone and in combination with levonorgestrel 20 μg suggest a diminution of norepinephrine input into the hippocampus resulting in a decline in learning and memory .
This is a guest post by Josh Nason
Using social media to the fullest , the UFC announced Friday night on Twitter that all six preliminary fights for this Saturday 's The Ultimate Fighter 13 Finale will stream on Facebook .
The preliminary card kicks off at 6:30 pm ET/3:30 pm PT at the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas , NV , headlined by Anthony Pettis vs. Clay Guida and Ramsey Nijem vs. Tony Ferguson in the TUF 13 finale bout .
The Facebook fights that fans will see :
Stephens is coming off a 3rd round KO of Marcus Davis at January 's UFC 125 , while Downes will make their UFC debut after submitting Tory Bogguess at a regional event in May .
An interesting name on the undercard is Jorgensen , who was last seen in December in a decision loss to Dominic Cruz for the WEC ( now UFC ) Bantamweight title . Before that loss , Jorgensen had won five straight WEC fights . They will face Stone , who was famously knocked out by Eddie Wineland on that same event with a vicious slam .
McGillivray , Bailey , Harvison and Edwards were all participants on this season of TUF , contributing to 13 total fighters that will be making their UFC debuts Saturday .
Illustration by Hiro
As a trans person , I watched my own anxieties around travel play out on Twitter when # travellingwhiletrans started trending . It started with Shadi Petosky tweeting about their treatment by the Transportion Security Administration ( TSA ) while going through security procedures at Orlando airport . They entered the body scanner identifying as female , but the machine flagged `` an anomaly '' —her penis . What could have been resolved by politely and apologetically asking if they were trans turned into an absolute fiasco .
Shadi was forced to wait as they repeatedly referred to their penis as `` an anomaly '' and tried to decide if a male or female TSA agent should conduct the pat down on their groin area . They understandably did n't want a female TSA agent touching their groin , but did n't want a male TSA agent touching anywhere else . They were told if they did n't consent to a second full-body scan the police would be called . Faced with coercion , the threat of police , and being publicly and repeatedly misgendered , they eventually agreed , weeping through the whole pat-down .
Shadi 's encounter was hardly a one-off . Scrolling through # travellingwhiletrans highlights many similar experiences of trans men and women being ushered into shut away rooms and told they needed to `` clear '' the `` anomaly . ''
Months after Shadi 's experience started this conversation , I found myself standing in line at an airport ticket desk waiting to be called forward . Shit , I thought , My voice is so low now . If I talk , I 'm going to out myself as trans immediately . My internal cogs started whirring , trying to work out how I was going to make my voice more effeminate so that I did n't flag as `` different . ''
Before I could speak , the woman at the counter handed my passport back and directed me on . I was relieved but it was a personal wake-up call . Medical transitioning changes everything—you can never truly explain how much impact it has on aspects of your life . Especially when you 're like me , and have created such a lifestyle bubble you forget what the outside world can be like .
For trans people , airport confrontations are more than embarrassing , they can also be incredibly physically threatening .
Lauren Smith , the producer of the Sex , Lies , and Anarchy podcast , recounted their own experience to the Daily Dot : `` I eventually dropped my pants and my panties to the ground , because they asked me to , and four women and one man who were much less than an arm 's reach from me inspected my genitals . My reason for crying was not that I was exposing something private , but was because I knew the ultimate consequence of my resistance can be death . If I tried to resist and continued to do so , they could imprison or shoot me . I cried because I kept trying to not resist , but they kept telling me I was . It was very startling . I was threatened with arrest verbally several times . ''
Also check-in was fun . Madam became Sir became `` Wait is this you ? '' # nospecificdetrimemt # travellingwhiletrans
— Lissa Hyacinth ( @ AnalyticaLissa ) September 28 , 2015
Them fear of violence at the hands of these officers is n't overstated . A 2014 report by the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs found transgender people were six times more likely to face police violence than cisgender people . The reality is for us , confrontations like this carry the looming possibility of physical assault .
But for trans individuals , the problems do n't stop at the airport . The Matador Network advises trans people research the places they visit as countries that may be safe for cisgender tourists can be very different for us . Holiday spots like Belize and Oman openly suppress trans publications and writing , and have rejected reforms on laws used to discriminate against LGBT people . In Europe 24 countries still require trans citizens to be sterilized before being legally recognized .
Even if you do n't feel physically threatened , other countries can still be confronting . Nevo is a Jewish non-binary trans person based in Melbourne . When they identified more firmly as being a trans man , they travelled to Israel with their movement Habonim Dror . The group does a lot of work around bringing Jewish people and Palestinians together . They struggled with the culture shock . `` I think Israelis are a more abrupt , upfront people , '' they said . `` So I felt like it was a lot more in my face . People would ask me questions to my face like , 'Are you a boy or a girl ? ' I could hear people talking about me a lot more . It 's just a lot more obvious . ''
It does n't matter how many times I clear TSA without issue . It always ends up feeling like playing Russian Roulette . # travellingwhiletrans
— Natalie Blackburn ( @ burnsbabe ) November 4 , 2015
But jarring attitudes did n't rival the difficulty with speaking another language . `` In Hebrew you ca n't address someone without using a gender , '' explained Nevo . `` Even the word you are gendered . There 's a female , male , and plural versions . There 's literally no way to avoid it . ''
Nevo did find an unexpected upside though—by using the preferred gender for your words , you can correct people more easily than stopping the conversation and pulling them up . `` It was this weird phenomenon of [ being ] super triggering but also empowering . I was getting triggered but was able to correct them without being confrontational . ''
Their experiences of Judaism in Israel were more fraught . While being trans and Jewish was n't particularly complicated for them in Melbourne , in Israel they felt like they were going into people 's spaces and holy lands and withholding information . They worried that although they were a man , not telling people they were trans was deceptive and meant different things in a culture that was n't their own .
Although again , there were upsides : `` When I got an ultra-orthodox man to shake my hand outside the male section of the western wall—which is arguably the most holy place to the Jewish people—to me that was the most gender-affirming moment I 've ever had . ''
Waiting for my flight in the airport , I flipped open my passport and examined the picture next to that F that identified me as female . I thought about revising this picture the next time I wanted to leave the country , but was immediately exhausted by the thought of all the paperwork I would need to do to make these processes easier . To travel through an Australian airport without a second thought would involve a name change , my birth certificate corrected , and having my whole passport reissued . These processes never end . There is always another form to fill out , always another person to come out to . I remember a comment Nevo made : `` I think being trans everywhere is hard and I do n't think that changes when you travel , it 's just emphasized . ''
I think they are right .
More of Fury 's work can be found here .
Like this article ? Like VICE on Facebook
Image caption Hero pig Zhu Jianqiang `` surprised us again '' said scientists
Chinese scientists have cloned a pig which was hailed a hero in 2008 after surviving more than a month under earthquake rubble , a newspaper reports .
Six piglets have been produced with DNA identical to Zhu Jiangqiang , or `` Strong-Willed Pig '' , the Hong Kong-based Sunday Morning Post says .
The cloning project was a success even though Zhu is castrated and is five years old ( 60 years in human age ) .
Zhu survived the 8.0 magnitude quake that rocked Sichuan province in 2008 .
More than 90,000 people died or went missing in what was considered in China to be the worst natural disaster in a generation .
The 330-pound ( 150kg ) Zhu is thought to have survived in the ruins of their sty by chewing charcoal and drinking rainwater , the AFP news agency reports .
They are said to have suffered severe trauma from being buried under rubble for 36 days .
`` The wonderful pig surprised us again , '' Du Yutao , the head of the cloning project , told the Sunday Morning Post .
The newspaper says the piglets bear a striking resemblance to their dad - with a birthmark between their eyes .
They are likely to be paired off and sent to a museum and a genetic institute , the paper reports .
Pro Wrestling Sheet has learned WWE and Sinclair Broadcast Group have recently discussed a potential buyout of Ring of Honor in secret … this according to sources .
Multiple sources with direct knowledge tell us the companies have been talking since January and things have been slowly progressing , with the plan being a full takeover if the deal is made official .
This would include the weekly TV show beginning to air on the WWE Network . No word at this point on whether every wrestler on the roster would continue working in ROH if it happens .
Keep in mind , there 's no actual deal on the table right now and discussions are simply that . This means the buyout could always fall through if both sides ca n't agree on specifics .
Case in point , WWE had discussions with TNA last year about a buyout that never came to fruition .
Reps for WWE for ROH declined to comment .
Peasant communities , indigenous peoples and afro-descendants are today the greatest bastion of rebellion and resistance across the world . Against the looting by capital and empire ! For land and sovereignty of our peoples ! No socialism without feminism !
In the last week of October , the Coordinadora Latinoamericana de Organizaciones del Campo ( CLOC – Latin American Coordination of Rural Organizations ) and La Vía Campesina held a congress of member organizations from all over Latin America and the Caribbean . Over 300 peasants from 27 countries attended the three and a half day meeting in Managua , Nicaragua .
The participants adopted this final declaration .
With great joy and enthusiasm from the land of Sandino , hosted by peasant organizations in Nicaragua , surrounded and strengthened by the fighting spirit and rebellion of the Nicaraguan people that strengthens the daily process of Christian , Socialist and Solidary Revolution , we have concluded our First Continental Assembly of the Latin American Coordination of Rural Organizations CLOC-Via Campesina .
Celebrating our history to the beat of heroic struggles of indigenous peoples and peasants in Honduras , Guatemala , and Panama , after three days of deliberations we concluded on the need to continue promoting the processes of struggle and organization to move towards the construction of the decent , revolutionary , and solidary society that we all desire . We call peasant and popular organizations in Latin America to strengthen our class solidarity .
Inspired by the convergence process of the CLOC that began in 1991 in Xelajú , Guatemala , and the Second Continental Campaign “ 500 Years of Indigenous , Peasant , Black and Popular Resistance ( 1989-1992 ) ” , we express the desire to move from national organizations and movements of peasants and native peoples to the construction of our own organization of continental character .
On these lands of the Sandinista revolution , and 20 years after the Third Meeting of the Campaign 500 Years of Resistance , the 20 participating organizations agreed to promote the realization of the First Latin American Congress of Rural Organizations , which led to the formal establishment of CLOC in Lima , Peru , in February 1994 . Then , 362 delegates from 23 countries , including youth , women and men from organizations of peasants , indigenous peoples , afro-descendants , and agricultural wageworkers , gathered to evaluate the progress and challenges to the accomplishment of the Action Plan emanating from our V Congress held in October 2010 in the Middle of the world in Quito , Ecuador .
Today we recognize that we live in the worst time in history given the criminal obsession of capital with trying to achieve total and absolute control over people , land , water , atmosphere and space , endangering human life and the planet . Agribusiness continues seizing our lands , evicting us en mass , imposing their hoarding , and advancing with a brutal extractivism by imposing monocultures and largescale tree plantations , imposing genetically modified ( GM ) agrofuel plantations , contaminant mining , and privatizing our seas , rivers , lakes , and forests . Agribusiness criminalises our seeds and imposes its own GM varieties , taking over our native and creole seeds through patent law and intellectual property .
In its effort to monopolize transnational accumulation and destroy our sources of food and livelihood , agribusiness pushes people to deeper levels of poverty , hunger , migration , and exploitation . The agribusiness model seeks complete dominance over agriculture and nature , forming a class alliance with banks , speculative financial groups , transnational corporations , owners of technological packages , local elites , mass media , public and private repressive apparatus , and the subordination of rules and laws in many nation states to the interests of capital accumulation .
Against this offensive of capital , peasant communities , indigenous peoples and afro-descendants are today the greatest bastion of rebellion and resistance across the world . Despite the great process of expulsion from our land and the territories of our people , we remain the ones who produce the largest amount of food , protect important water sources , maintain biodiveristy , and keep alive key areas of nature .
Faced with this situation , our First Continental Assembly reaffirms its determination to continue our progress in political strategies and struggle to meet the challenges at hand by consolidating our organizational structure , reaffirming our national alliances and our regional structure , approving our new charter , and taking the necessary steps to continue strengthening participatory democracy within our organization .
Along with the Nicaraguan people , we note the progress made by their struggles , as well as those of all who made a commitment to peasant organizations and food sovereignty in other countries as well . We welcome the victory of the Bolivarian revolution and its President Hugo Chavez Frias , and pledge our support for government actions to respond to the needs and aspirations of the people of the country and the city , maintaining our vigilance , our principle of autonomy , and our core commitment to food sovereignty , the struggle for land , and sovereignty of our peoples .
Our assembly reaffirms central points of our proposals , struggles , and resistance actions , and calls on our members to redouble efforts to advance the discussion , implementation , and enhancement of our lines of action from local and national , to regional and international scales .
Imbued with the spirit of Sandino and in the presence of our beloved comrades Ramiro Téllez and Egidio Brunetto on the tribune of honor of this Assembly , we reaffirm the commitment from our V Congress to permanent mobilizations to continue articulating alliances at all levels to check the interests of transnational corporations and their control mechanisms , while we seek to build a new model of agricultural production controlled by workers , continue our seed exchange , expand our marketing systems , and cultivate our own culture and spirituality . Our model of agricultural production for the future arises from our own hands , extending the struggle for land and territories in order to build a new matrix based on agroecological techniques and food sovereignty .
We prioritize the tasks of strengthening our schools and training spaces for socio-political leaders and militants , through the ongoing process of grassroots formation with the full inclusion of women and youth , and promoting schools in the countryside to train our children and youth with security over the future of our struggle . Together we will continue to strengthen our own mass media , and in partnership with multiple spaces we take up the battle of disputing ideas , meanings , messages and understanding of reality .
We confirm our position on alliance with urban workers and communities . We pledge to push harder for class unity as an imperative condition of struggle , because no singe social force can direct the changes needed in the whole of society . This involves breaking with the corporatism and sectarianism of just working on agrarian issues . Convinced that Comprehensive Agrarian Reform is required by humanity to solve the problems of world hunger , we must add other social sectors to our struggle for land and power . We also agreed to work for the defense , recovery , and recognition of the social function of land , water , and territory , and we agreed to promote agroecology as part of the solution to the deep crisis we face , manifesting ourselves in the promotion of a global campaign for the production of healthy food .
We are committed to strengthening the links between the struggle for food sovereignty and the defense of seeds , coordinating to resist the advancement of privatization laws that criminalize our seeds and our own reproduction , our exchange or our market . We continue denouncing GM seeds as a tool of corporations for control over us and the production proccess , and as a threat to human health and the environment . We highlight the special role of women in food production , as well as the defense of seeds and healthy food , and cultivate more strongly the mystique of our Campaign “ Heritage Seeds of Our Indigenous and Peasant Communities in the Service of Humanity . ”
We strive to build a social project that is global , just , and equitable . Peasants reject all forms of violence against women and continue denouncing through this Assembly domestic violence in the countryside , and the violence that occurs in most of the world against women in work places . We welcome the organization and the struggle of women for their emancipation , and strive to promote gender equality and participation in positions of power , including the commitment to internalize and implement the campaign promoted by the Via Campesina “ Peasants We say Stop Violence Against Women in the Field . ”
We will move forward with more force in the struggle against pesticides , expanding the “ Campaign against Pesticides and in favor of Life ” which is carried out across our continent . Taking the path of the struggle against transnational corporations towards the improvement the quality of life ( of humans and the planet ) , we stake the goal of eradicating pesticides in the world . This campaign is intended to be a permanent campaign of training and dissemination , mobilization and struggle , coordination with other lines of work in applied research , legal reform , and the field of communication .
We reaffirm once again our commitment to internationalist solidarity with all working people , as well as with the Cuban Revolution , and the struggle for the release of five unjustly imprisoned Cuban comrades in the United States . We determined actions to continue to support all working people and especially the resistance in Honduras , Panama , Guatemala , and Paraguay . And we support the Colombian people in their search for a just peace that respects the demands and needs of the people .
In this context we have begun the process of transition and transfer of the Secretariat to the Southern Cone area of operation , where , unless circumstances indicate otherwise , our Sixth Continental Congress will take place . The Assembly welcomed the invaluable contribution made by the organizations of the Andean region , especially those who were tapped in Ecuador to run the Operational Secretariat for four years . We value and appreciate the commitment of FENOCIN to have placed their best cadre at the service of this task , as well as the National Indigenous Peasant Movement of Argentina , which assumes that responsibility with with the same passion today .
Solidarity and strategic alliance are the foundation of CLOC-VC , and we have found many allies with whom we build bonds of solidarity , mobilization , struggle advancing common political projects and sharing opportunities for training and development of proposals that will constitute the backbone of the development of actions and campaigns CLOC-VC .
We salute the 20th anniversary of the Via Campesina International joyfully , working to make our contributions to the VI International Conference and continuing the fight against our common enemies .
We welcome with excitement and joy the fraternal reception given to us by the Nicaraguan people and comrades from ATC , ARNIG , CNOR , UNAPA , and the Agricultural and Forestry Table ( MAF ) of Nicaragua who have organized this meeting
Again we stand under the slogans :
Against the looting by capital and empire ,
AMERICA FIGHTS !
For land and sovereignty of our peoples ,
AMERICA FIGHTS !
No socialism without feminism !
GLOBALISE THE STRUGGLE , GLOBALIZE THE HOPE !
Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio took a shot at Donald Trump during an appearance on Fox and Friends , saying the presidency did n't need another man with no class .
When asked about Trump , Rubio agreed that illegal immigration was a serious issue , but that Trump was the wrong man for the job . “ Here 's what 's so important to me ; the presidency of the United States is not just the top government official . It is the leader of our people and our nation as well . ”
“ It 's important we have– to conduct the presidency , it has to be done in a dignified way , with a level of class , ” they said . “ I do n't think the way he 's behaved over the last few weeks is either dignified or worthy of office they seek . ”
“ We already have a president now that has no class , ” Rubio continued , in a swipe against President Barack Obama . “ I mean , we have a president now that does selfie-stick videos , that invites YouTube stars there , people who eat cereal out of a bathtub… they go on comedy shows to talk about something as serious as Iran . The list goes on and on . ”
But Rubio brought it back to Trump in the end . “ It 's important to have a presidency that restores dignity and class to the White House . And I do n't believe that some of the language Mr. Trump is employing is worthy of the office . I just do not . ”
Watch , via Fox News :
[ Image via screengrab ]
——
> > Follow Alex Griswold ( @ HashtagGriswold ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
With all of the attention on the Ethereum project right now , there are a fair few digital currency enthusiast who would love nothing more than to see this project overtake Bitcoin in every way . More importantly , when Ethereum reached the market cap threshold of US $ 1bn , a lot of people expected it to keep going , but the value started plummeting shortly afterwards . At the same time , the Bitcoin price dipped as well . Are these two concepts more alike than people want to admit ?
Also read : Russian Startup Qiwi to Continue Bitcoin Development despite Regulatory Hurdles
Google Trends : Bitcoin Vs. Ethereum
It is not all that difficult to gauge interest about any topic in the world outside of the realm of the digital currency ecosystem . A large part of our society has no vested interest in either Bitcoin or Ethereum , but that does n't mean their interest is n't piqued . Google Trends can tell an interesting story regarding what people search for , which also provides valuable insights as to which topic is more sought after in recent months . However , it is important to keep in mind Bitcoin has been around for a few more years compared to Ethereum .
In the screenshot below , we can see the Google Trends search results for the term “ Ethereum ” in the past twelve months . As is clearly visible , there has been a surge of interest ever since January of 2016 came around the corner , although there was an earlier bump around August and September of 2015 as well . Google Trends seems to indicate the number of searches for Ethereum keeps increasing , which is positive news for the project
When conducting the same search for Bitcoin on Google Trends , there is an entirely different pattern . First of all , the chart stays out way higher , simply because people have been Googling the term Bitcoin for many years now . Several peaks of sudden interest can be noted during November and December of 2015 , but things have calmed down again ever since . In fact , very little has changed in the past twelve months when comparing the starting level with the cut-off point .
Bitcoin And Ethereum Price Chart Comparison
Taking the above information into consideration , it is well worth the time to look how the price charts of both currencies are behaving . Given the Google Trends increase over the past three months , we have taken both Bitcoin and Ethereum three-month price charts from CryptoCompare , and put them side by side . This gives a far better representation of the actual price , rather than looking at a BTC/ETH chart .
On the Bitcoin side of things , the past three months have seen several ups and downs , although more downs , unfortunately . The Bitcoin price was still well above US $ 460 by early December 2015 , but things have started slipping ever since . A bottom was set shortly after the New Year when the Bitcoin price dropped to US $ 365.67 . However , things have picked up again in recent weeks , and despite a dip recently , we are back at a value of roughly US $ 410 per BTC [ at the time of writing ] .
Ethereum price charts , on the other hand , look very different . In fact , users could say the only way is “ up ” for Ethereum , as there is a visible upward trend noticeable since early January of 2016 . That being said , Ethereum has not been without price dips either , although the lost ground has been made up relatively fast . The price per Ether has gone up from US $ 0.843 on December 11 , 2015 to US $ 10.15 [ at the time of writing ] . The question is whether or not this price momentum is sustainable in the long run .
Is Bitcoin Volume Flowing into Ethereum ?
That is one of the main questions a lot of people are wondering about . If the Bitcoin price goes down , and the Ethereum price goes up during that period , does that means there is a shift in trading volume ? But if that would be the case , why is n't the Ethereum price dropping when Bitcoin goes up again and investors flock back to their original investment strategy ? Once again , the charts by Cryptocompare will provide interesting insights .
The CryptoCompare one-month Ethereum trading volume chart – in USD – tells us there has been a steady amount of funds invested over the past thirty days , with some exceptions . February 14,19,20,26,28 , and 29 were all days with very little funds going into Ethereum . However , February 10 , March 3,4,5 , and 6 were rather good investment days for this project . The lowest amount of USD volume flowing into Ethereum in the past thirty days occurred on February 20th , as just US $ 13,675.44 was recorded across all exchanges .
Comparing this information to the Bitcoin trading volume chart – in USD as well – things look a bit different . Most of the days see a steady amount of funds invested in Bitcoin , although March 5th was an exceptionally good day . There seems to be an average of roughly US $ 80,000 flowing into Bitcoin every day , which is not bad at all .
But in fairness , the USD market is not a good representation of the trading volume for Bitcoin , as the Chinese Yuan is the biggest currency in this regard . CryptoCompare provides us with those charts as well , and it is clear there is a lot more money flowing into Bitcoin over the past few days . In fact , the CNY trading value has almost doubled over the past week for some unknown reason .
But what about Ethereum ? Well , the biggest currency flowing into Ethereum is none other than Bitcoin , which accounts for 87.66 % of all volume in the past month . Granted , there has been a small capital flight of Bitcoin into Ethereum during the first two weeks of February , but the volume has calmed down ever since . Slightly more BTC is exchanged for ETH over the past few days , correlating with the increased CNY investments in BTC . Perhaps the Chinese are buying Bitcoin to get Ethereum after all .
Source : Cryptocompare , Flickr
The mother of Sean Smith , one of the four Americans killed at the American consulate in Benghazi , Libya in 2012 , exploded in response to a clip of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ‘ s prior testimony on the matter .
CNN Newsroom host Carol Costello was taken aback when Patricia Smith revealed in conversation that they actually did n't know much about what happened to their son — despite the fact that the Benghazi attack occurred three years ago . Smith responded in kind , claiming that although Clinton promised to “ get back to ” them following their son 's funeral ceremony in Washington , D.C. , no one had since contacted them on the matter .
“ She has not called me . They have not contacted me . They have not given me any information , ” they said , “ except to tell me that I am not a member of the immediate family and I do not need to know . ”
“ They told you that ? ” an obviously surprised Costello asked .
As alarming at Smith 's claims were , however , they really let their feelings be known when Costello played a clip from Clinton 's testimony in January 2013 . At the time , Clinton said that it was their job “ to figure out what happened and do everything [ they could ] to prevent it from happening again . ”
Smith 's response ? “ She 's lying ! She 's absolutely lying ! ”
The frustrated , bereaved mother of Sean Smith went on to repeat their claim that — despite being the mother of the fallen diplomat — they are n't told anything after the funeral ceremony because they did n't consider them a member of the immediate family .
“ I saw on TV the bloody fingerprints on the walls over there . I asked specifically , ‘ Are those my son 's fingerprints crawling down the walls ? ' ” they cried . “ Somebody 's got to tell me ! ”
Clinton previously spoke with Smith during a town hall event in June 2014 . Despite the direct address , however , the grieving mother later expressed their frustration with Clinton and demanded the truth .
Check out the clip above , via CNN .
[ Image via screengrab ]
— —
> > Follow Andrew Husband ( @ AndrewHusband ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Italian Author And Philosopher Umberto Eco Dead At 84
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ulf Andersen/Getty Images Ulf Andersen/Getty Images
Internationally acclaimed Italian author and philosopher Umberto Eco has died at age 84 . Their death was confirmed by their American publisher Houghton Mifflin Harcourt .
Born in a small Italian town in 1932 , Eco is perhaps best known for their 1980 mystery novel The Name of the Rose , which is set in a monastery in the 14th century . It was an unexpected international bestseller , launching their career as an author .
Eco did n't publish their first novel until they were 48 , when a friend suggested they write a detective story . Before that , their focus was medieval studies and semiotics . And even after they published novels , they said `` I am a philosopher ... I write novels only on the weekends , '' the BBC reported .
Here 's how Eco described their transition into fiction in an interview with The Paris Review :
`` I have long thought that what most philosophical books are really doing at the core is telling the story of their research , just as scientists will explain how they came to make their major discoveries . So I feel that I was telling stories all along , just in a slightly different style . ''
They told NPR 's Scott Simon last October that several of their novels like Foucault 's Pendulum and Numero Zero focused on characters that they affectionately termed `` losers '' — because `` they are more interesting than the winners . ''
`` They have a more complicated philosophy , '' Eco told Scott . `` And then in the world , there are more losers than winners , and so my readers can identify themselves with the characters . ''
Eco 's works tend to be challenging and laden with obscure references . But as they told The New York Times , they considered `` challenging '' a compliment : `` Only publishers and television people believe that people crave easy experiences . ''
According to the Times , they had already decided in 1995 `` what they want carved on their tombstone . In a book by the Renaissance philosopher Tommaso Campanella , a character says , 'Wait , wait , ' and another man responds , ' I can not . ' ``
( UPDATED ) Two cabinet officials say the President is set to sign the EO soon . Chief Presidential Legal Counsel Salvador Panelo says there will be revisions to the DOH draft EO .
Published 8:50 PM , March 06 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines ( 2nd UPDATE ) – President Rodrigo Duterte decided during the Cabinet meeting on Monday , March 6 , to sign an executive order ( EO ) for the Department of Health 's smoking ban soon .
Agriculture Secretary Manny Piñol told Rappler the EO could be signed as early as Tuesday , March 7 .
`` [ President Duterte ] said they will sign it tomorrow , '' said Piñol on Monday . They were present at the 13th Cabinet meeting which took place that afternoon .
Health Secretary Paulyn Ubial also told Rappler the EO would be `` signed soon . ''
On Tuesday , Abella confirmed that Duterte is set to sign the EO `` as soon as they come to office . ''
At 8 am , a revision to one of the EO 's provisions was submitted to the Office of the Executive Secretary , in time for Duterte 's signature .
`` Secretary Ubial was given the directive to make sure that part 4 of the EO would be revised and to follow the Davao model . The one that they presented allows for smoking indoors . The Davao model does not include smoking indoors and that was revised and so there will be no smoking indoors , '' said Abella during a Palace news briefing .
However , Chief Presidential Legal Counsel Salvador Panelo has penned a legal opinion that this revision of the EO goes against Republic Act 9211 or the Tobacco Regulation Act .
`` The DOH has a proposed measure to bring smoking areas inside buildings outside . I rendered an opinion addressed to the President that that can not be , '' Panelo said in a mix of English and Filipino in a PTV4 interview on Tuesday .
They explained that the law allows smoking areas inside buildings . Thus , the proposed EO is vulnerable to a constitutional challenge .
Panelo said that if ever the EO will be signed , it will be without the provision on banning smoking in enclosed spaces .
The DOH 's draft , first reported in October 2016 , is patterned after Davao City 's ban on cigarette smoking in public places . Duterte themselves implemented the ban as the city 's mayor .
The EO , if indeed signed without changes , will prohibit smoking in public places , both indoor or outdoor .
These include `` parks , bus stations , and even in vehicles '' which are `` considered public places , '' Ubial said in a previous interview .
As of January 2017 , the draft EO had already gone through legal review and complete staff work by the presidential team .
Duterte , who suffers from Barrett 's Esophagus due to their many years as a smoker , has themselves said there is `` no debate '' about the detrimental effects smoking has on health .
Back in October 2016 , the President said they are against the establishment of enclosed areas just for smokers .
`` If you want to smoke , find a place where it is allowed . Now , I 've always been against even building a structure inside just to accommodate smokers . That ai n't the way , '' they said
`` It must be out [ side ] . It must not be in an enclosed cubicle inside the building . That is not good enough , '' added the President .
Duterte aggressively implemented the Davao City anti-smoking ordinance as mayor .
They were known to chase smoking drivers and once even forced a tourist to swallow a cigarette butt after they heard the tourist had refused to follow the smoking ban . – with a report from Jee Geronimo / Rappler.com
The resignation of Health Minister Jim Wells has left the campaign to secure medicine for a Limavady boy with a terminal illness uncertain .
A campaign to secure a new , potentially life-changing medicine for Limavady boy Callum McCorriston , who suffers from a condition known as Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy , has been ongoing for some time .
In my darkest hours I have planned their funeral . I 'm grieving for Callum even though he 's with my Laura Smith
Operating under the slogan # TeamCallum , the campaign has been thrown into uncertainty following the Ministers ' resignation .
The Health Minister stepped down earlier this week after they made controversial comments about homosexuality .
Callum 's mother , Laura , told the Sentinel that while they did not agree with Mr Wells ' comments , they had been a good supporter of the campaign to secure the medicine Translarna for their son .
They said : “ His resignation leaves me wondering where we stand now .
“ I met with Mr Wells in October to talk about Callum getting access to Translarna . Something they fully supported . They also attended the Party Parliamentary Group on Muscular Dystrophy and has since allowed for another four neuromuscular advisors .
“ Will this all still stand when they leaf ? Our application for individual funding is being processed . God willing the right decision will be made and it will improve Callums quality and quantity of life .
“ To the decision makers : Do you know how it feels to be told your child has a terminal condition ?
“ Do you know how it feels for your heart to break into a million pieces ?
“ Do you have any idea how hard it is to put a smile on your face everyday ?
“ Do you understand how Callum must feel with so many appointments ? How they must feel when they see others doing things they ca n't ? Basic things like walking to the shop , riding a bike , playing on climbing frames ?
“ You have the ability to change this . It is not a cure , I understand that . But it 's all we have . All our hopes are pinned on this . In my darkest hours I have planned their funeral , I have wept so many tears I could fill an ocean .
“ I 'm grieving for Callum even though he 's with me . I get angry at they unfairness of it . I hurt when they hurt . I wipe their tears and rub their tired , sore legs .
It 's happening more and more often that they can not sleep because of pain . They have started heart medication . This scares me more than anything . My son 's heart is affected at 5 years old . How can it be that in 2015 we have to fight for a treatment . Please , make the right choice . ”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A SEVERELY disabled single mum is to become the first council tenant in Scotland to be evicted because of the bedroom tax .
Lorraine Fraser is being kicked on to the street after their Labour-run council took court action to force them out them specially adapted flat .
They have scoliosis – curvature of the spine – and arthritis and they are wheelchair-bound .
The council moved Lorraine into a specially adapted flat with a wheelchair ramp , wet room and handrails two years ago .
Now they want to turf them out for failing to pay just £248 in bedroom tax arrears .
Lorraine , 46 , said : “ Where will I go ? I need a specially adapted home just to survive .
“ What kind of people would throw a disabled woman and their kids out on the street ?
“ They have no compassion or conscience . ”
North Lanarkshire Council have sent Lorraine a series of hard-hitting letters , warning them that eviction proceedings are under way .
The latest letter , dated August 8 , states : “ I can advise you that North Lanarkshire Council has commenced court action to evict you from your home . ”
They have also been told they face paying for the authority 's “ considerable ” legal costs .
Lorraine receives disability living allowance . And even before the bedroom tax , they struggled to pay their bills and feed them family .
( Image : Alasdair MacLeod/Daily Record )
When the hated tax was introduced in April , they were told they would have to pay an extra £62 in rent every month .
They were informed they were being targeted because they have two spare rooms .
But Lorraine is baffled because they share their three-bedroom flat with their daughter Collette , 19 , and son Mark , 17 .
They are both students who live at home , although they also spend time living with their dad , who is divorced from Lorraine .
Lorraine thought they still had a month left to fight their case because they were told in a letter that legal proceedings to evict them would n't begin until September 2 .
But they were devastated when the council 's letter on August 8 said they had already started court action .
Council housing officers visited them at their home in Uddingston , near Glasgow , yesterday to go through the eviction process .
Lorraine said : “ I ca n't believe I am going to be thrown on the street .
“ My condition is getting worse every day . This has caused me so much stress and anxiety it 's making me really ill .
“ I feel at the end of my tether . I have tried to explain to them that my children still live here .
“ My son sometimes stays at their dad 's house because we are divorced but this is still their home .
“ I feel angry , upset and totally helpless .
“ I thought I still had a month to sort this mess out but then I got a letter to say they had already started the legal process .
“ I feel like my life is falling apart . I have been in this house for two years and it was the council who put me here because they knew I needed a specially adapted home for my disability .
“ Now they want to throw me out on the street like a piece of old rubbish .
“ They are targeting the most vulnerable in our community .
“ It 's a disgrace they are allowed to get away with it . ”
North Lanarkshire Council are one of the few local authorities in Scotland who have refused to adopt a no-evictions policy .
In April , First Minister Alex Salmond pledged that no SNP-run council would throw out tenants who had fallen into arrears because of the bedroom tax .
North Lanarkshire Council leader Jim McCabe called the bedroom tax “ the single worst piece of legislation I have ever seen ” .
But that has n't stopped the authority from starting eviction action against their tenants .
Lorraine called on the Scotland Anti-Bedroom Tax Federation and Glasgow lawyer Gordon Dangerfield to help save them from eviction .
( Image : Daily Record )
Federation chairperson Tommy Sheridan said : “ North Lanarkshire Council 's treatment of a disabled bedroom tax victim is shocking and shameful .
“ How do these councillors and highly paid council officials sleep at night ? They should be ashamed of themselves .
“ They told this disabled bedroom tax victim they had until September 2 to find the money or else .
“ Then they started eviction proceedings anyway . They know this woman is on the breadline yet they have harassed her . ”
A North Lanarkshire Council spokesperson said : “ We have offered every tenant potentially affected by the bedroom tax an opportunity to have a visit or advice by phone .
“ The tenant in question has consistently refused to fully engage with us and has repeatedly refused to apply for a discretionary housing payment which may help to alleviate their situation .
“ We are committed to helping all tenants hit by this UK Government legislation . ”
Lorraine reacted with anger to the council 's claims that they refused to cooperate with them .
They said : “ It is an outright lie . I have tried to convince them that I am not eligible for the bedroom tax but they are not interested . ”
A man looks at Apple 's new iPhone 8 ( L ) and their iPhone 7 at the Apple Store in Tokyo 's Omotesando shopping district , Japan , September 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Issei Kato
( Reuters ) - Qualcomm Inc ( QCOM.O ) confirmed an earlier report that the chipmaker had filed lawsuits in China , seeking to halt the manufacture and sale of Apple Inc 's ( AAPL.O ) iPhones in the country .
Qualcomm filed the suits in a Beijing intellectual property court , claiming patent infringement and is seeking injunctive relief , a company spokesperson confirmed on Friday , but did not provide further details .
Bloomberg had earlier reported about the lawsuits in China . ( bloom.bg/2z6qMwu )
Apple 's shares were marginally up , while Qualcomm shares were marginally down in late-afternoon trading .
The iPhone maker has always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for the patents it uses , Apple told Reuters in an email .
“ In many years of ongoing negotiations with Qualcomm , these patents have never been discussed and in fact were only granted in the last few months , ” Apple said .
Apple is waging a global legal battle on Qualcomm 's long-held practice of charging a percentage of the total price of iPhones and other Apple devices as a licensing fee for its patents .
Mitch McConnell . AP Photo/Evan Vucci Mitch McConnell made some of their strongest statements yet relating to Donald Trump in an interview published Friday by Bloomberg .
The Senate majority leader told the outlet that they had privately pleaded with Trump to start reading scripts because `` it 's obvious they do n't know a lot about the issues . ''
McConnell added that Trump needs a `` highly experienced '' running mate as a result .
`` He needs someone highly experienced and very knowledgeable because it 's pretty obvious they do n't know a lot about the issues , '' McConnell said on Bloomberg 's `` Masters in Politics '' podcast . `` You see that in the debates in which he 's participated . It 's why I have argued to them publicly and privately that they ought to use a script more often — there is nothing wrong with having prepared texts . ''
The Kentucky Republican also would n't take rescinding their endorsement of Trump off the table after what has been a chaotic week in the Manhattan billionaire 's campaign .
`` I 'm not going to speculate about what they might say or what I might do , '' McConnell said . `` But I think it 's pretty clear , and I 've been pretty clear publicly about how I think they ought to change direction , and I hope that 's what we are going to see . ''
In an interview with Business Insider last week as a part of a promotional tour he 's on to peg their newly released memoir , `` The Long Game , '' McConnell said it 's time for Trump to stop `` score settling '' with those who opposed them during the primary season .
`` I think he 'd have a much better chance of winning if they would quit making so many unfortunate public utterances and stick to the script , '' they told Bloomberg .
McConnell said they even pressed Trump in person to become more scripted . They brought that message before Trump at the recent National Rifle Association convention in Louisville , Kentucky .
Donald Trump . AP Photo/Jae C. Hong
`` I said , 'Hey , Donald , you got a script ? ' and they pulled it out of their pocket , '' McConnell said . `` He said , 'You know I hate scripts . They 're so boring . ' And I said , 'Put me down in favor of boring . ' ''
They continued their retelling of the conversation with Trump :
'You 've demonstrated that you have a lot of Twitter followers and you 're good at turning on a big audience . Now you need to demonstrate you have the seriousness of purpose that is required to be president of the United States , and most candidates on frequent occasions use a script . ' So we 'll see whether that 's something he 's capable of doing .
McConnell 's statements come as Trump has been caught up in their latest self-inflicted firestorm — this time relating to attacks they have launched at a federal judge over their Mexican heritage .
The Manhattan billionaire said that US District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel can not fairly preside over a civil case involving Trump University , their now defunct for-profit real estate school , because they are of Mexican descent and Trump will be `` building a wall '' along the US-Mexico border if elected in the fall .
Curiel is from Indiana .
Republicans from all sides of the party— including McConnell , previously — have publicly condemned the remarks and demanded that Trump change their tone . In a Tuesday afternoon statement , Trump took a step back from the attacks but did not apologize . They made no mention of their attacks against the judge in their scripted postprimary speech later that night .
The blowback from the attacks may have been evident in a Thursday Fox News poll , which found that Trump had dipped six percentage points since last month in a head-to-head with Hillary Clinton — including dropping a whopping 11 points with independent voters .
McConnell told Bloomberg that the election will be unwinnable if Trump continues to attach their hopes solely to the white male vote .
`` We are not going to be competitive in presidential elections appealing only to white voters and particularly writing off white women , '' they said . `` So beyond the unfortunate part of the various things that our nominee has said — it 's not smart , politically . ''
Image caption The elderly are among the groups the government wants to get online
Four million homes in the UK are still not connected to the internet , the Office of National Statistics said .
The ONS 's data said the majority , 59 % , of those unconnected said they simply did not need to be online .
Twenty per cent said they lacked the computer skills needed to get online , while another 10 % said they could not afford it .
Three-quarters of the UK 's adults access the web daily , with mobile browsing growing most quickly .
Just over half of all adults accessed the internet on their phones - more than double the total in 2010 .
The most active age group online was the 25-34 bracket .
`` The internet has changed the way people go about their daily lives , '' the ONS said .
`` This release highlights that activities previously carried out on the high street are now increasingly being carried out online . ''
Government pledge
Also on the up were readers of newspapers online - 55 % of those surveyed now said they now use the internet to read news .
Other popular uses - such as banking , finding health information and buying groceries - are all steadily increasing .
Researchers said the advent of 4G mobile speeds had helped boost the number of us getting online .
Overall , 21 million households - 83 % - have internet access , up 3 % on 2012 .
The remaining 17 % is the subject of various government schemes designed to increase internet adoption .
Ministers have pledged to bring at least two megabits per second ( Mbps ) broadband to all homes in Britain by 2015 - and educational programmes sharing the benefits of internet use are ongoing .
The ONS data suggested that more than a third of over 65s are now online , but Age UK has warned there is still crucial work to be done in this area .
`` It is important that ongoing training and support are available for the five million people aged 65 and over who have never been online , '' said Michelle Mitchell , the charity 's director general .
`` As well as for those who are online but who may need additional help to undertake certain activities . ''
Giordano 's , a beloved Chicago chain of pizzerias , will open on the Northeastside of Indianapolis . ( Photo : Submitted photo )
A popular slice of Chicago is coming to Indianapolis .
Giordano 's , known for its monstrous stuffed pizza pies , will open at 4110 E. 82nd St. in Rivers Edge shopping center .
On the menu will be those deep-dish pizzas that come filled with traditional toppings , as well as more exotic ones , like huge all-beef meatballs , Giardiniera and barbecue chicken .
There is also a full menu of thinner pizzas , salads , sandwiches and Italian entrees , including chicken carbonara rigatoni and fettuccine Alfredo with roasted shrimp and broccoli .
Giordano 's , founded in 1974 , has repeatedly been named Chicago 's best pizzeria .
In Indy , it will locate in space now occupied by Sangiovese Ristorante , which did not renew its lease and is looking for a different location , said Steve Delaney , with Sitehawk Retail Real Estate .
`` The lease was up and the rent is extremely high now , '' said Delaney .
Take A Taste : 25 restaurants to try in 2014
Dining Changes : Longtime Italian eatery closes
Giordano 's was more than willing to take over the spot . It has signed a lease , but could not be reached for comment on an exact opening date .
The move to Indy will be among its first outside of Illinois . It has 41 restaurants there and three in Florida .
On its website it says the recipe for its stuffed pies began in a small northern Italian town near Torino more than 200 years ago .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Out To Eat with IndyStar newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Indianapolis-area restaurant and food news . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : Thu Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Out To Eat with IndyStar Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
`` Mama Giordano was famous around town for their exquisite cooking , '' it says . `` Of all their renowned dishes , their most beloved meal was their Italian Easter Pie . Mama Giordano would serve this double-crusted , ricotta cheese stuffed masterpiece every year for Easter . ''
That recipe was officially served at a restaurant years later when Italian immigrants Efren and Joseph Boglio opened the first Giordano 's on Chicago 's historic south side .
Call Star reporter Dana Hunsinger Benbow at ( 317 ) 444-6012 . Follow them on Twitter : @ danabenbow .
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/1haFF6O
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hacktivist group Anonymous has released a politically-charged video ahead of the US Presidential race - in support of a little-known third party candidate .
The cyber group has now posted a clip encouraging people to spread the word about Green Party candidate Dr Jill Stein .
It comes after they declared `` total war '' on Republican Donald Trump .
America is widely considered to have a two-party system dominated by the Democrats and the Republicans , where a vote for other parties is deemed a waste .
But the new video by Anonymous supporters argues that alternative candidates are routinely censored and ignored by mainstream media .
This , they say , results in voters having little to no knowledge of anyone outside of the top two parties .
( Image : Getty )
The clip endorses an online campaign , Operation Jill Stein , not for their politics but in the interests of choice and free speech .
Read more :
Featuring the group 's distinctive symbol of a headless corporate suit , a computerised voice says : `` Anonymous comes from all walks of life and every part of the political spectrum .
“ Anonymous is never unanimous and Anonymous as a group can never be said to endorse a political candidate .
`` Anonymous has , however , always had a mission to create an informed public , to expose corruption , and to circumvent censorship .
`` We encourage everyone to do all they can to spread everything they can find about Dr Jill Stein and all of their policies to all political hashtags and forums and insist they have a voice in future debates and media coverage . ''
It is not the first time a group of hackers affiliating themselves with the Anonymous movement has broken off in tacit support of a presidential candidate .
Read more :
Two weeks ago a group calling itself the Anonymous Patriots criticised the decentralised organisation for its declaration of war on Trump , arguing it was an attack on free speech .
It is the second time Stein has run for office on the Green Party ticket .
Them website describes them as a `` mother , physician , longtime teacher of internal medicine , and pioneering environmental-health advocate '' .
The Harvard graduate 's campaign is based around their `` Power to the People Plane '' which proposes moving to 100 % clean renewable energy by 2030 , a $ 15-an-hour minimum wage and free education for all .
Following a somber defeat in the November election , many are wondering what 's next for Huma Abedin . Abedin was the Vice Chair of Hillary Clinton 's 2016 Presidential campaign , and was previously one of Clinton 's closest aides while serving as Secretary of State . In this article , I 'll answer the question : what is Huma Abedin doing now ?
Huma Abedin And The 2016 Election
Serving as Vice Chair , Abedin was a central figure in Hillary Clinton 's bid for President in 2016 . Perhaps their most memorable moment was the open letter they published to Donald Trump in response to their call for a Muslim ban . Unfortunately for her , Hillary Clinton lost the election , and Huma Abedin missed out on the opportunity to serve as a powerful figure in the Clinton Administration .
In the months prior to the election , Abedin was involved in a couple of controversies , both of which were out of their control . Abedin was interviewed by the FBI during the investigation of Hillary Clinton 's private email server . On a more personal note , Huma Abedin separated from their husband , Anthony Weiner , after they were caught sending explicit text messages to other women again .
What Is Huma Abedin Doing Now ?
So , what is Huma Abedin doing now ? Since the 2016 election , they have been busy . Firstly , Abedin had a front row seat at Clinton 's concession speech on November 9 , 2016 . Since then , Abedin and Clinton have been seen together a couple of times , meeting up at Clinton 's former campaign headquarters . Abedin also attended Trump 's inauguration , wearing all black in what some have interpreted as funeral attire .
Outside of politics , Abedin has started to dip their toes in the world of fashion . Recently , Abedin had dinner with Prabal Gurung , a high-profile fashion designer . Two weeks later , Abedin attended Gurung 's show at New York Fashion week .
In August of 2017 , Abedin posed for an Oscar de la Renta spread in W Magazine .
Huma Abedin 's Upcoming Memoir
Huma Abedin is in the process of contacting publishers for a memoir they plan to write , which would likely give insight into their scandal-filled marriage and central role as a close advisor to Hillary Clinton . The talks are proceeding slowly as Abedin is requesting $ 2 million from a publisher to take on the project .
Ongoing Federal Investigations
Since the 2016 election , Abedin has kept a fairly low profile due to their involvement in FBI investigations surrounding their husband 's sexting scandal . However , do n't expect Abedin to stay hidden for long . Them experience in politics is vast and their résumé is incredibly impressive , especially considering their age ( 40 ) . Do not be surprised to see Abedin play a major role in the campaigns of future Democrats , especially Chelsea Clinton , who is possibly being prepped for a Congressional run .
Divorce From Weiner ?
One of the most common questions asked about Huma Abedin is whether or not she 'll divorce husband Anthony Weiner following their slew of sexting scandals . At the moment , It 's still fairly unclear when their divorce will be finalized , if it even happens at all .
Although it seems clear that Huma Abedin has filed for a divorce , many of outlets providing frequent updates on story are either New York tabloids or far-right conservative news outlets looking to further tarnish what 's left of the Clinton campaign . Until Abedin or Weiner make their intentions public , take any divorce finalization reports with a grain of salt .
Check Back For More !
Thanks for reading our article on what Huma Abedin is doing now , and we 'll be sure to update it as they make more headlines . Feel free to leave us a comment down below if we missed anything and we hope you 'll share this article on social media !
Ringside
Featherweight Contender and Hometown Hero , TOKA KAHN-CLARY , ( 23-1 , 16 KO 's ) , of Providence , Rhode Island battles undefeated Philippines ' based contender JOHN VINCENT MORALDE , ( 19-0 , 10 KO 's ) in the 10-round main event on Friday , December 1 at The Strand Ballroom and Theatre , it was announced today by Evander Holyfield 's The Real Deal Boxing .
Tickets for ‘ Real Deal Championship Boxing V ' starting at $ 45 are Now On Sale and can be purchased through www.TheRealDealBoxing.com and www.thestrandri.com .
The Strand Ballroom and Theatre is located at 79 Washington Street , Providence , RI , 02903 . Doors will open on the evening of the event at 6:00 p.m . ET with the first bell at 7:00 p.m . ET . The event will be telecast live on CBS Sports Network .
“ We 're very excited to announce this outstanding featherweight clash between Toka Kahn-Clary and John Vincente Moralde , ” said Holyfield . “ The winner of this fight will have a great opportunity to continue their path towards a world title opportunity and these high stakes are exactly what will bring out the best in each fighter . ”
“ This is clearly the toughest match of each fighter 's professional career and we anticipate an excellent fight for fans in the arena and those watching on CBS Sports Network . ”
On October 19 , Kahn-Clary , ranked # 14 in the world by the World Boxing Association , made an emphatic return to battle with a blistering second round knockout of then undefeated David Berna in Atlanta , Georgia in front of a packed house and a nationally televised audience in Atlanta , Georgia as Holyfield celebrated their 55th birthday in their hometown .
The victory also earned Kahn-Clary the WBA-NABA Featherweight Title .
This will be Kahn-Clary 's first fight in Providence since their professional debut in June 2012 . The 25-year-old will be making their fourth start of 2017 with prior victories this year against Angel Luna and Francisco Medel
Just 23-years-old , Moralde will be fighting for the first time in the United States . Holder of the WBC Asian Boxing Council Featherweight Title , Moralde is coming off a third-round stoppage of Philip Parcon on February 28 , 2017 in General Santos City , Philippines .
The heavy handed Moralde is on a three-bout knockout streak , two of which came in the first round .
Co-featured on the outstanding card and also making their U.S. debut is Undefeated Italian Cruiserweight Contender FABIO “ Stone Crusher ” TURCHI , ( 12-0-0 , 9 KO 's ) , of Florence , Italy in an eight-round clash .
In a six-round featherweight clash , popular , undefeated Worcester , MA native IRVIN GONZALEZ , ( 7-0-0 , 6 KO 's ) battles ERNESTO GARZA , ( 9-2-0 , 5 KO 's ) , of Saginaw , MI .
The heavy-handed Gonzalez started their professional career with six knockouts , all of which took place in the first two rounds . Most recently the 21-year-old won an eight round unanimous decision over Raul Lopez on June 10 , 2017 .
Riding a modest two-bout winning streak , the 29-year-old Garza returns to action following a six round unanimous decision over Edward Kakembo on August 25 , 2017 in Warren , MI .
Junior welterweights will see action in a scheduled eight rounder with NICK DELOMBA , ( 11-2-0 , 2 KO 's ) , Cranston , R.I. , facing off against LOUIS CRUZ , ( 12-3-0 , 6 KO 's ) , of Bronx , New York .
The 27-year-old DeLomba looks to move back into the win column after a very hard fought 10-round decision loss to Jimmy Williams on April 7 , 2017 in Lincoln , R.I .
The upset minded Cruz heads to Providence following the biggest win of their career , a ninth-round stoppage of local favorite Anthony Karperis on July 28 , 2017 , in Huntington , New York .
In an eight-round junior middleweight battle , JEREMY ‘ J Flash ' NICHOLS , ( 7-1-1 , 2 KO 's ) , of Las Vegas , NV clashes with Worcester , MA native ANDY GONZALEZ , ( 6-2-0 , 5 KO 's ) .
Nichols looks towards the win column following the first loss on their record , a hard-fought majority decision to undefeated Peter Dobson on June 24 , 2017 in Louisville , Kentucky .
Gonzalez is also looking for a return to the win column losing a six-round majority decision to Antonio Chaves Fernandez on June 10 , 2017 in their hometown .
Also featured on the card in separate bouts will be Lynn , MA knockout artist , junior welterweight KHIRY ‘ TNT ' TODD , ( 6-0-0 , 5 KO 's ) , and junior lightweight TIMMY RAMOS , ( 4-0-1 , 4 KO 's , of Framingham , MA .
Further details on this exciting card will be announced shortly .
Real Deal Sports & Entertainment is proud to partner with The Strand Ballroom and Theatre , Medical Arts Radiology ( www.medicalartsradiology.com ) and Venum ( www.venum.com ) .
NEW YORK — From the front office on down , the Phillies organization is eager to take a look at prospect J.P. Crawford and get a gauge on whether they could be part of the big-league roster in April .
So it was no surprise that Crawford , on their first day in the majors , was in the team 's starting lineup , batting seventh and playing third base against the New York Mets on Tuesday night .
Crawford , 22 , will play a lot over the final 25 games of this season that was from the outset dedicated to finding out who will be part of the future and who wo n't .
`` I wo n't say every day , but as much as I can , '' manager Pete Mackanin said before Tuesday night 's game . `` The whole idea is to get their feet wet up here . ''
Crawford , considered by many to be the Phillies ' top prospect from the time they were selected 16th overall in the first round of the 2013 draft , is a shortstop by trade . At the moment , the Phillies are more concerned with getting them at-bats than they are time at shortstop . That 's why they recently began learning to play third base . They will play that position , and also some second base , this month .
Mackanin projected that Crawford would play `` five or six '' games at shortstop . That means Freddy Galvis may not play in all of the team 's 162 games , as is their goal . Galvis , the Phils ' starting shortstop since the start of 2015 , has played Gold Glove-caliber defense this season , but they entered Tuesday night with an on-base percentage of just .304 . Phillies general manager Matt Klentak is committed to building their team around players with strong on-base skills . Crawford has them . Their career on-base percentage in the minors is .367 . All of these points to Galvis or third baseman Maikel Franco being shopped for a wintertime trade that would open a spot for Crawford . Franco , who carries a .278 on-base percentage , was bounced from the lineup in favor of Crawford on Tuesday night . Regardless of where Crawford plays next season , they still profile as the team 's shortstop of the future . Galvis will be a free agent after next season .
If Galvis , 27 , feels as if they are being pushed out , they have n't revealed it — at least publicly . They have said all the right things ( see story ) . They welcomed Crawford to the clubhouse with a hug Tuesday afternoon and was seen giving their left-side-infield partner some tips between innings during the game .
`` Freddy has been very good about it , '' Mackanin said . `` Right now he 's our shortstop and that 's the way I look at it . We 're getting a look at the other kid , just like we found a spot for ( Rhys ) Hoskins ( in left field ) to try to get a look at him . We know Crawford can play shortstop and we feel that he 's going to be a good shortstop . At the same time , they have to get a taste of the major leagues . Eventually he 's going to be here . So it 's a good way to do it . Last year , ( Ryan ) Howard had to sit so we could a look at [ Tommy Joseph ] . That 's the way it is . ''
Crawford survived a brutal first half of this season and finished with a .243 batting average and a .756 OPS at Triple A Lehigh Valley . From June 20 through Monday 's regular-season finale , they hit .280 with a .381 on-base percentage , 13 homers , 42 RBIs and a .904 OPS .
It was a no-brainer that the Phils would take a look at Crawford this month ; they would have had to place them on the 40-man roster in November anyway . Still , Crawford was a little surprised to get the call on the day they helped Lehigh Valley clinch a berth in the International League playoffs . Competing in a playoff series — at any level — can benefit a player 's development . The Phillies , however , decided they wanted to see Crawford now .
`` I thought I was going to stick around for playoffs and then Dusty ( Wathan , the Triple A manager ) told me and I was speechless , '' Crawford said . `` It has been my dream since I was a little kid to play in the big leagues and I 'm just happy to be here . ''
Crawford 's poor first half this season left some pundits questioning their prospect status . They ranked as high as No . 6 in the game on Baseball America 's list entering the 2016 season . In July , the publication dropped them to 92nd .
`` It kind of sparked a fire right there , '' Crawford said .
Crawford said they have enjoyed playing new positions and that it does n't matter where they play because the big leagues are where all players want to be .
`` I 'm going to do the best I can do and hopefully get a spot for next year , '' they said . `` Until then , I 'm just focused on today . I just want to focus on this game today and take it day by day . I 'm happy to be here and I want to help this team . ''
Last month AMD launched their latest graphics card , the Radeon RX 480 . It was quickly dubbed the king of its price bracket , a $ 200 card capable of powerful 1080p , 1440p , and VR performance . Today , AMD has publically revealed new additions to the Radeon RX family , the RX 470 and RX 460 , and several days ago I was invited to learn more about this upcoming lineup built for 1080p and eSports gaming .
AMD 's product marketing manager , Adam Kozak , opened the briefing by discussing the company 's vision for the Radeon RX series and Polaris architecture . As exciting as expensive components can be , the majority of graphics card purchases are found within the $ 100 to $ 300 market . But according to Kozak , that 's been a segment where you often see a “ mish mash of different technologies and generations of hardware. ” AMD is pushing to change that with their Polaris architecture , unifying features “ in price segments today that really have n't had the latest and greatest. ” Regardless of how much you spend , the Radeon RX cards are all equipped with the same future-proof technologies .
Some of the most promising performance developments are coming out of the new APIs , DirectX 12 and Vulkan , and AMD has been leading the charge in supporting them . AMD 's unique hardware implementation of asynchronous compute , a DirectX 12 and Vulkan feature that allows for compute and graphics workloads to be handled at the same time rather than inefficiently queued , often translates into significant gains . For example , the Radeon RX 480 saw a 30 % increase in DOOM with Vulkan versus OpenGL . Additional games optimized for Radeon graphics include Hitman , Ashes of the Singularity , Total War : Warhammer , and the upcoming titles Deus Ex : Mankind Divided , Civilization VI , and Battlefield 1 .
Kozak went on to say that gamers are also game watchers and streamers . To that end , the Radeon RX series is 10-bit HEVC ready and features high quality 2-pass encoding , which allocates more bits to the image to help with fast moving scenes . “ We 've pretty much doubled the speed and rate of encoding video , ” they concluded .
The latest display specifications and technologies are supported across the entire lineup of Radeon RX cards , as well . That includes DisplayPort 1.3/1.4 , HDMI 2.0 , High-Dynamic Range HDR for expanded colors and higher contrast ratios , and AMD FreeSync . There are more than 80 FreeSync monitors currently available with more on the way later this year .
Finally , we moved onto the reveal of the Radeon RX 470 and RX 460 . The Radeon RX 470 has been designed for “ brilliant HD gaming. ” It 's targeting 60+ FPS at 1080p with anti-aliasing and ultra settings for the latest games . The provided benchmarks showed it reaching 107 FPS in DOOM ( 2.4x the results of the Radeon R9 270 ) , 77 FPS in Fallout 4 , 66 FPS in Total War : Warhammer , 66 FPS in Hitman , and 64 FPS in Battlefield 4 . Kozak mentioned that we can expect “ some larger and smaller [ board ] sizes . ”
Expected availability for the Radeon RX 470 is set for August 4 , 2016 . It will retail for $ 149 for the 4 GB variant and $ 179 for 8 GB .
Radeon RX 470 specifications :
GCN Architecture 4th Generation Compute Units 32 CUs Stream Processors 2048 Clock Speeds ( Boost / Base ) 1206 / 926 MHz Peak Performance Up to 4.9 TFLOPs Memory Speed ( Effective ) 6.6 Gbps Texture Units 128 Peak Texture Fill-Rate 154.4 GT/s ROPs 32 Peak Pixel Fill-Rate 38.6 GP/s Memory Bandwidth 211 GB/s Memory Interface 256-bit Memory Size 4/8 GB GDDR5 Typical Board Power 120W
Meanwhile , the Radeon RX 460 is targeted towards eSports gamers . It 's aiming for 90+ FPS at 1080p high settings in games such as Counter Strike : Global Offensive , DOTA 2 , Heroes of the Storm , League of Legends , Overwatch , Rocket League , Team Fortress 2 , World of Warships , and more . The benchmarks saw it reach 109 FPS in Overwatch , 1.3x that of the Radeon R7 260X . It will also be launching in mobile with no name change . “ We 're keeping the same brand , ” Kozak stated , because “ these parts do very well at different TDPs. ” And compared to the GTX 960M , AMD is advertising a 20 % increase in performance over its competitor .
The Radeon RX 460 is set for an August 8 , 2016 launch . Its MSRP is $ 99 for the 2 GB and $ 119 for 4 GB .
Radeon RX 460 specifications :
GCN Architecture 4th Generation Compute Units 14 CUs Stream Processors 896 Clock Speeds ( Boost / Base ) 1200 / 1090 MHz Peak Performance Up to 2.2 TFLOPS Memory Speed ( Effective ) 7 Gbps Texture Units 56 Peak Texture Fill-Rate 57.6 GT/s ROPs 16 Peak Pixel Fill-Rate 19.2 GP/s Memory Bandwidth 112 GB/s Memory Interface 128-bit Memory Size 2/4 GB GDDR5 Typical Board Power < 75W
The majority of the market fills the $ 100 to $ 300 price bracket , and it 's great to see AMD is n't leaving it behind , confused , or crippled . Gamers wanting high performance at 1080p to 1440p and VR may have some great and low-cost options with the Radeon RX lineup . We ca n't wait to explore these cards further , and we should have more to say in the future .
Rockall is a stormy crag 240 miles off the Orkneys , and the last land grab of the British empire . John Vidal tells of their personal attachment to it – and why it could be worth £100bn
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Tuesday 4 January 2011
In the piece below headlined `` Hello Mum , I 'm on Rockall '' , this famous bit of granite in the north Atlantic was situated 240 miles west of Orkney . Rockall lies roughly that distance west of the Outer Hebrides .
On 15 September 1955 , three marines and a civilian scientist from the Royal Navy 's new survey ship HMS Vidal were winched from a helicopter on to a tiny , pyramid-shaped outcrop of granite sticking out of the Atlantic Ocean 240 miles west of the Orkneys . It was the height of the cold war and their secret mission was to annex the uninhabitable islet of Rockall and claim it as the last land grab of the British Empire .
Witnessed only by a few gannets and sooty fulmars , Sergeant Brian Peel , Lieutenant Commander Desmond Scott , Corporal Anthony Fraser and the naturalist James Fisher mixed buckets of cement and erected a flagpole made from old propeller shafts . Then they bolted a brass plaque commemorating the event to the rock , raised the union flag – standing back carefully in case they fell into the sea – and saluted .
`` In the name of Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II , I hereby take possession of this Island of Rockall , '' said Scott , becoming the last of a long line of sailors to formally claim a remote bit of the world for Britain .
But did he ? Today , Britain , Ireland , Denmark and Iceland all claim Rockall , and within weeks the UN will examine rival claims to the mining and fishing rights of thousands of square miles of seabed around it . The final decision , expected by 2012 , hangs on whether Rockall is geologically part of the continental shelf , as well as on historical records .
In 1955 , the British were only interested in Rockall 's strategic importance . The fear was that the Soviet Union could use it to spy on British nuclear tests , to be carried out from an experimental missile station on South Uist . These days , legal possession of Rockall could be worth £100bn or more , because it sits in the middle of a potentially vast oil and gas field . In times past , Britain would have gone to war over it ; today a compromise to share it is most likely .
My own relationship with the lonely rock began in 1957 when my family was summoned by the navy for lunch on HMS Vidal , then berthed in Hull . We were supposedly descended from the great Captain – later Vice Admiral – Emeric Vidal RN , a brilliant young surveyor who mapped much of the Indian and Atlantic Oceans and who , in 1831 , pinpointed Rockall for the first time at 57 deg 35 min N , 13 deg 41 min W. HMS Vidal was named after him .
As our adult relations drank pink gin with Captain Richard Connell , we children explored . Years later we discovered the navy had probably got their Vidals muddled up . Our side of the family were more likely descendents of the less salubrious Captain Charles Vidal RN , a slave owner and sugarcane grower in Jamaica .
For the next 40 years , Rockall went off my radar . The name was intoned every night on the shipping news ; HMS Vidal was broken up in 1975 after an epic voyage taking scientists to the US nuclear station in Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean . Its bell is reputedly with the family .
But then , in June 1997 , the rock itself beckoned . Greenpeace was planning a landing on Rockall , claiming it as a micro-nation , renaming it Waveland in a stunt to resist the companies which were , even then , circling the seas around it in search of oil . Until then , more people had landed on the moon than on Rockall . I was invited along to become one of only a handful of people ever to have spent the night on the island .
We steamed due west and suddenly Rockall loomed out of the evening sea mists . The seas around the isolated crag are famous . In a gale , the waves crash right over it , sending spray 60ft or more above . Even on calm summer days the mid-Atlantic swell rises and falls 30ft and the sea laps and sucks heavily against Rockall 's dark , barnacle-encrusted flanks .
We decanted from the MV Greenpeace into a small inflatable and approached warily . From a distance Rockall is a minute speck in a giant sea ; from below it is formidable , with no obvious landing spot or route up . A six-inch wide potholing ladder had been lowered , and I was instructed to wait until the dinghy was at its highest point on the swell , then to leap out of the boat and grab the ladder . There was just one chance of getting it right . The ladder snaked down , the boat rose , I jumped and clung on , before clambering upwards . Ten minutes later , knuckles grazed and still in an extreme state of fear , I reached the top , and was violently sick .
There was not much to Rockall beyond a small ledge and a summit . In an act of vandalism , the navy had blown this off in 1971 to instal a beacon , which probably never worked . There was what looked like a shell hole on the western flank , made when it was used it for target practice in the 19th century .
But that was all . There was no soil , no fresh water , and our only companions were the birds . Seventy feet below us , a few seals played on the reef . We thought we saw a whale , but may have been mistaken .
`` By claiming Rockall , we claim their seas for the planet and all the world 's peoples . No one has the right to unleash this oil into our threatened climate , '' said my Greenpeace companion .
I telephoned my mother on a satellite phone : `` Hello Mum , I 'm on Rockall . ''
`` Where ? ''
`` Rockall . In the Atlantic . ''
`` I know where it is . Are you quite mad ? ''
We considered tossing the British plaque commemorating HMS Vidal 's annexation of the rock into the sea as a symbol of the end of empire , but in the end we just unscrewed it and turned it back to front . Greenpeace later put its own beside it . It read : `` Let the sun and wind do their work . Leave the oil beneath the waves . '' I am told that the British plaque has now disappeared .
I am still a citizen of Waveland , and I have a small chunk of what James Fisher called the `` loneliest islet in all the world 's seas '' .
The last piece of the British empire is black , sea-smooth and hard as iron . It still smells of the Atlantic and is rarer than moon rock .
The East Coast rail franchise will be terminated three years early , avoiding the embarrassment of another private firm handing back the keys to the government but potentially forfeiting hundreds of millions in premiums due to the Treasury .
Under a rail strategy announced by the transport secretary , Chris Grayling , a new partnership model will replace the franchise contract of Virgin Trains East Coast ( Vtec ) .
The train operator , a joint venture led by Stagecoach with Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group , had pledged to pay £3.3bn to run the service until 2023 when it was reprivatised in 2015 after six years in public hands .
Instead , Vtec is likely to pay a fraction of that sum , with the bulk of payments due in the final years of the franchise .
The firm signalled that it also expects its payments for the next three years to be cut . In the first full year of operation , it paid £204m . Shares in Stagecoach jumped 12 % on the news .
Andy MacDonald , the shadow transport secretary , told the Commons that the strategy announcement was “ a total smokescreen ” . They said : “ The real issue is that the East Coast franchise has failed again and the taxpayer will bail it out . ”
Pointing to the share price rise , they said : “ Markets do n't lie . The secretary of state has let Stagecoach off the hook for hundreds of millions of pounds . He 's tough on everyone except the private sector . ”
Grayling responded : “ As we bring this franchise to a close and as we move to the new arrangements , no one is getting any bailout at all . Stagecoach will meet in full their commitments made to the government as part of this contract . ”
Andrew Adonis , a former Labour transport secretary , tweeted that the government had “ serious questions to answer about the fiasco on East Coast and why they are ( in effect ) bailing out Stagecoach/Virgin with taxpayer money ” .
Andrew Adonis ( @ Andrew_Adonis ) 2/ DfT has serious questions to answer about the fiasco on East Coast & why they are ( in effect ) bailing out Stagecoach/Virgin with taxpayer money . National Express asked me for a bail out on East Coast in 2009 . I refused & nationalised the franchise rather than do so .
Adonis nationalised East Coast in 2009 when the previous private operator National Express said it could not meet its promised payments to the Treasury .
Expected growth in passenger numbers has not materialised and Stagecoach has been seeking a bailout from the government . The firm has admitted it overpaid for the franchise , but said that delays to infrastructure upgrades by Network Rail and the delivery of new Azuma trains were partly responsible .
Stagecoach 's chief executive , Martin Griffiths , said they were “ encouraged by the positive new direction for Britain 's railway ” and said the strategy was “ a clear statement of intent to seek to negotiate new terms for the East Coast franchise with Virgin Trains East Coast and we are hopeful of reaching an agreement through to 2020 within the next few months ” .
The rail strategy laid out by Graylingsaid the East Coast Partnership ( ECP ) would be “ the first of the new generation of long-term regional partnerships bringing together the operation of track and train under a single leader and unified brand ” . The partnership models will see private train companies invited to bid for contracts where they can take more control over tracks run by Network Rail .
But unions said that the move again called into question the franchising system , with contracts awarded without competition and firms walking away from contracts .
Mick Cash , the RMT general secretary , said : “ It stinks . It looks like the government rigging the market again in favour of the private sector . This is basically Chris Grayling manning the lifeboats and bailing out Virgin and Stagecoach once again . ”
City analysts said the deal was necessary for Stagecoach and the Department for Transport ( DfT ) . Gerald Khoo of Liberum said : “ Despite the short-term challenges , much depended on infrastructure upgrades ... that Network Rail will not deliver in 2019 , if at all . The DfT is responsible for its shortcomings . Consequently , both sides needed to find a way out . ”
Transport commentator Christian Wolmar said : “ Stagecoach were clearly in trouble – but it [ the ECP ] is a way for the government to save face over the very structure of franchising . What is the point of franchising if the risk is never with the private company , and the promised gains to the taxpayer are clearly just theoretical ? ”
More questions were raised by a separate decision to give First Group another contract to run Great Western Railway ( GWR ) up to 2024 after it was controversially allowed to continue running the service , despite dodging £800m due to the government in an original contract .
The franchise , which runs commuter services into London Paddington and long-distance trains to Wales and the south-west , is likely to be broken up , under plans published by the DfT . The biggest commuter franchise , Govia , which operates the Thameslink , Great Northern and troubled Southern services , will also be broken up .
DfT will extend First 's current GWR franchise contract by another year , to April 2020 , and then give a direct award for two more years , with an option to double the tenure .
First has run the trains during the botched upgrade of the route by Network Rail , which has seen costs overrun to almost treble the original budget and stretches of the electrification project abandoned to save money .
Tim O'Toole , First 's chief executive , said : “ We are pleased that our strong track record at GWR is recognised . ”
• Follow Guardian Business on Twitter at @ BusinessDesk , or sign up to the daily Business Today email here .
Having trouble finding something to do in Sudbury ? Looking for an escape from the norm ?
Sudbury Escape Artists Games and Outfitters opens July 14 at 615 Kathleen St. and is Sudbury 's first and only escape room .
The trend is wildly popular overseas and has been slowly creeping its way into larger centres in Canada , but Sudbury and much of the north is without the interactive puzzle games that challenge your problem-solving abilities and demand poise under pressure .
Husband and wife Dave and Wanda Deloye * have been working tirelessly for a month and a half to get the escape room prepared for its July 14 opening , and are both avid fans of the theme-based activities that are like a mixture of a murder mystery party and a team brainstorming session .
“ My husband and I and our kids were in Budapest in the summer of 2014 and we were looking for stuff that we could all do together , ” said Wanda .
“ We looked on Trip Advisor and these escape rooms were all the top rated activities . The kids and Dave and I loved it and we did them in a bunch of different cities around Europe , there are thousands of them over there and it 's starting to catch on over here now . ”
Wanda and Dave bounced the idea around of having an escape room in Sudbury but it got put on the back burner for a while until they travelled to Florida and reignited the plan .
“ These are popular with everyone , they 're not physically demanding but you do have to be clever , ” said Wanda .
“ We 're in an area with Tuco 's Tacos , Sweet Nothings , Cosmic Dave 's , and there 's a cafe opening up the street as well . It 's a pretty trendy area so I think our business fits in well there . ”
The couple had to do plenty of renovations to set the place up , as it 's the entire main floor of a house . When asked what goes into building an escape room , Wanda was cagey in their response .
“ I ca n't really say what needed to be done without giving too much away , you 'd have to see it to find out , ” they said .
The theme of the Sudbury escape room is Berlin '63 and is described on the business ' Facebook page as follows :
`` The date is June 26 , 1963 , the height of the Cold War , and the United States President John F. Kennedy is in West Berlin giving their famous 'Ich bin ein Berliner ' speech on the steps of the Rathaus Schöneberg in front of a crowd of 450,000 people .
While investigating a report of men having been seen climbing out of manholes , you happen upon a secret room in the sewers that belongs to a group KGB spies located under the Rathaus Schöneberg podium where the speech is being delivered .
Your mission is to solve the clues that allow you to disarm the bomb and escape the bunker before the KGB spies return . As the clock ticks , the fate of the future is in your hands . Good luck ! ''
A group of four people is required to participate and children under 16 must be accompanied by an adult .
Admission is $ 25 per person but will be on special for $ 20 per person for a limited time ( cash only ) .
Due to space , reservations are encouraged and you can make your reservation by calling 705-222-9933 or sending an email to escapeartists @ vianet.ca or direct message on Facebook .
* In an earlier version of this story , the family 's last name was misspelled . The error has been corrected .
Found in a Nanjing hospital , this device is very much used for what you might think . That is to say , it is not a fleshlight masquerading as a mushroom ; it is an artificial vagina that serves the purpose of actual vaginas : to extract sperm from male genitalia . Hard stop . And the best part is that it comes with a screen that shows movies , and can be hooked up to surround sound .
Wait , no , that 's not the best part . What am I thinking ? The best part is that its massage pipe – actual name — jerks you off , and is adjustable . As Key of China Hush relays , via Zhengzhou Evening News , “ the ‘ massage pipe ' in front can be adjusted according to the height of the user . Users can also adjust speed , frequency , amplitude and temperature etc . Machine is also equipped with headphones and two handles on both sides . ”
On Sina Weibo , netizens are having a bit of fun . “ Admire , such high technology , ” says @ 大力水手paopai . “ This… this… this is too scientific… this weekend I 'm going to Nanjing to contribute , ” says @ 大爷一辈子都是德国和拜仁的死忠 . “ The number of lonely women will increase again , ” notes @ 7点13 . “ My Nanjing , I kneel before you , ” says @ 枕边愛美麗 . And , “ Divine tool , ” says everyone .
Of course , there are questions . “ Will it get stuck ? ” asks @ 小知了虫 . “ Could it be that it does n't extract sperm , but urine ! ” asks @ 一枕清霜1 , abstrusely . ( Why would it extract urine ? ) “ Could it be that the hands are free ? ” wonders an incredulous @ D者G建灿 , raising the question — what , are hands not good enough anymore ? And @ 文艺好青年V muses , “ Does Hangzhou have one ? ”
But do n't get too far ahead of yourself thinking that sperm donators have it so good . These devices are apparently only used on the infertile . “ When male infertility patients come for treatment , we must first fully inspect the sperm , which requires sperm extraction , ” says Zhu Guoxin , director of the urology department at Zhengzhou Zhongxin Hospital . Extraction .
No word on when this machine will become commercially available .
Back on National Doughnut Day ( the holiday we all know and love ) , I mentioned that there were three major-company holdouts — Cargill , IOI Loders Croklaan , and Bunge — that were still buying palm oil from people cutting down rainforests .
Now Cargill has come around , committing to insure that its palm oil supply chain is traceable , transparent , and not causing deforestation .
There 's real momentum here — Cargill is a major player . And it 's just the latest to join this parade . In June , I quoted Glenn Hurowitz , chair of the Forest Heroes Campaign :
The vegetable oil industry is in the midst of a revolution away from deforestation . Last December , the Asian agribusiness giant Wilmar International instituted a no deforestation policy , and since then there are similar commitments coming in from companies every couple of weeks , ” said Hurowitz .
Of course this does n't mean that deforestation and agricultural expansion is just vanishing . But if we want to save forests , it 's exactly this kind of steady , measured pressure that can actually work . If eaters show that they are serious about the environment , and are willing to pay to protect it , producers and farmers will find it 's in their interest to become flight attendants .
The series , which began in 1968 with “ Dragonflight , ” includes “ Dragonquest , ” “ Dragonsong , ” “ Dragondrums , ” “ The Masterharper of Pern ” and , most recently , “ Dragon 's Time , ” written with their son Todd McCaffrey and published this year .
As a stylist , Ms. McCaffrey was not uniformly esteemed . Reviewing “ Dragonsdawn ” in The New York Times Book Review in 1989 , Gerald Jonas wrote of her , “ Few are better at mixing elements of high fantasy and hard science in a narrative that disarms skepticism by its open embrace of the joys of wish fulfillment , ” but faulted their “ awkward similes ” and “ formulaic descriptions . ”
But the immense commercial success of “ Dragonriders of Pern ” more than outweighed any criticism . The books sold millions of copies and have inspired a cornucopia of Internet fan fiction and a spate of scholarly studies .
Photo
The world of Pern became so all-encompassing to those who entered it that it gave rise to a concordance , “ The Dragonlover 's Guide to Pern , ” by Jody Lynn Nye , with Ms. McCaffrey .
Anne Inez McCaffrey was born in Cambridge , Mass. , on April 1 , 1926 . They earned a bachelor 's degree in Slavonic languages and literature from Radcliffe , and trained as an actor and opera singer before their writing life transported them to operatic worlds of another kind .
Them first novel , “ Restoree , ” was published in 1967 . A satirical work of science fiction for adults , it lampooned the genre 's portrayal of women as helpless chattel .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The novel 's plot , as summarized in the reference work Authors and Artists for Young Adults , is set in motion when its strong , savvy hero , Sara , “ is snatched from Central Park by a low flying spaceship . ”
Sara awakens to find themselves “ restored ” — that is , clad in an entirely new body — in a world that combines great technological sophistication with a retrograde social order .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. McCaffrey 's honors include the two loftiest awards of their genre : a Hugo , which they won in 1968 for their novella “ Weyr Search , ” later incorporated into the Dragonriders series ; and a Nebula , for the novella “ Dragonriders , ” also incorporated into the series .
Them non-Pern books include “ The Ship Who Sang ” ; “ PartnerShip , ” with Margaret Ball ; and “ The City Who Fought , ” with S. M. Stirling .
Ms. McCaffrey 's marriage to Horace Wright Johnson ended in divorce . Besides their son Todd , they are survived by another son , Alec Johnson ; a daughter , Georgeanne Kennedy ; and grandchildren .
They were the subject of a biography , “ Anne McCaffrey : A Life With Dragons , ” by Robin Roberts , published in 2007 by the University Press of Mississippi .
Ms. McCaffrey , an avocational horse breeder , was often asked , Why dragons ? “ You can get closer to a dragon than you can to a horse , ” they said in an interview with National Public Radio in 2007 . “ Horses are smart within their own boundaries , but dragons are very smart . ”
Last May I wrote about the ways the phenomenon of corruption in Mali is not restricted to the political elite , as one could conclude from the voluminous public criticism Malians make of their leaders on Mali news websites . Now comes this comment posted to a recent news item about Mali 's political class , ostensibly by a Malian named Kassin in response to compatriots . Their critique gets to the heart of the matter far better than I ever could , and I thought it worth translating in its entirety .
Kassin : “ When I read these comments , I fall down laughing , Malians are so dishonest !
“ You attack the politicians as if they were the only thieves in the country .
“ They embezzle from their state offices and from development projects to win candidacies in elections , to traffic in real estate , build houses , buy apartments overseas , send their children to study or show off , their wives to give birth or show off overseas… .
“ Yes , they are big-time thieves . But they 're far from being the only thieves in Mali , otherwise the country would n't have collapsed like it did in 2012 .
“ There 's the SOTRAMA apprentice who rips off the driver who rips off the owner who rips off the state through the vehicle 's customs and insurance fees .
“ There 's the traffic cop who takes 1000 francs to let the vehicle go on its way , even though it has no spare tire , does n't meet regulations , has no windshield wiper , no safety belts , it 's overloaded , and 15 meters down the road there will be carnage with 10 dead and 15 gravely wounded .
“ In Gabriel Touré Hospital [ one of Bamako 's big public hospitals ] , doctors ' first concern is to treat the best-off among the wounded , neglecting the others… if , that is , [ the doctors ] have n't already gone off to private clinics ( Farako , Pasteur ) , the better to sell their services to sick people in good shape , even though they 're paid by the state for a full-time job , and nobody complains .
“ There are the nurses who try to sell the medications they swiped from other sick patients .
“ There 's the school principals and public school teachers who charge their students registration fees ( 300,000 to 500,000 francs ) , trade exam grades or exam answers for sex or money , and nobody complains .
“ Placement in civil service recruitment competitions for Customs , the Tax Office , theTreasury , the Kati military school , the Koulikoro military academy , the National Police , the Gendarmerie , are all sold to candidates for millions of francs , and nobody complains .
“ Scholarships for students and interns , generously offered by donor countries , are illegally haggled over in the Ministry of Higher Education like commodities , often sold to foreigners who do n't even have Malian passports but who for a few hundred thousand francs will take the place to study abroad of a young Malian who deserved it .
“ Study fees paid by students for the public treasury are embezzled by their schools ' accountants , who lend the diverted money to traders to enable them to get their shipping containers out of Customs to make an illegal windfall , and nobody complains .
“ There are the traders who prefer to pay a few thousand francs to the Customs agent building their multistory house rather than pay the official duties for their vehicles , so the money never goes into state coffers .
“ There 's the senior army officers who bicker over fuel allocation for operations or for UN peacekeeping missions .
“ There are the mayors and municipal advisers who sell off the same plots to 5 different people .
“ There are the lawyers and judges who settle their cases among them before trial , having sold the verdict to the highest bidder , and nobody complains .
“ Those who win government contracts systematically kick back 10 % to the ones who award them , then build defective projects that are nevertheless approved by the public works agency .
“ There 's the state electricity workers who take 5000 francs to reconnect service to a subscriber who 's never paid their bills , or help them bypass the electrical meter .
“ There 's the civil servant who shows up for work at 10 a.m. and goes home at 2 , even though the workday begins at 8 or 9 and ends at 4 , and who takes 10,000 francs from anyone who wants to collect an official document , and nobody complains .
“ There 's the emigrant abroad who sends money to their brothers , parents and friends to buy a plot or build a house and who is systematically robbed of half their money — and that 's if he 's lucky , otherwise it might be all of it , and nobody complains .
“ In short , when we talk about corruption in Mali , 98 % of the population does it , so to blame only the ones who go into politics is to lie to oneself and wo n't help the country move forward .
“ We have to get to the root of the Malian problem by putting justice at the center of our preoccupations .
“ If those in the legal system wo n't budge , it 's the the conscious young people who must force them to change , otherwise this country will never get back on its feet . ”
My own comment : To fix this broken state , it wo n't be enough simply to change Mali 's leaders , nor to find more patriotic politicians . The rule of law must be established , and institutions of the state ( meaning , the people who work for them ) must be made capable of resisting the pressures from society to bend or break the rules .
So , how to do that ? I do n't share Kassin 's view that “ nobody complains. ” In point of fact , Malians complain incessantly about all this these instances of corruption in their lives . But they generally go along with them , because when the rules are not enforced ( or selectively enforced to aid those in power * ) , only a sucker plays by the rules . And until that changes , it does n't matter who 's at the top , or how disaffected the people are ; Mali 's culture of corruption will go on .
* I recently heard an apparently popular saying among the Brazilian ruling classes : “ For my friends , anything . For my enemies , the law. ” Do Malians have their own version of this saying , I wonder ?
Postscript , 6 June : Malian singer Rokia Traoré said something in a recent interview with Jeune Afrique which touches on the same theme as this post .
In this country , when you run a company , your relatives wo n't understand it if your niece does n't get a job there . When you 're a civil servant and you offer Tabaski sheep [ an expensive end-of-Ramadan gift ] to everyone , nobody wonders where you got the financial means to do it . A leader does n't fall from the sky , they come from the people ; they reflect the environment in which they grew up . And if embezzling money has become almost normal , how can you expect them to be more concerned with the public good than with their personal comfort ?
Ahmed managed to escape eastern Syria when ISIS moved in , but found themselves in an unfamiliar part of the country without friends , money or options .
“ ISIS guaranteed if we returned , they would guarantee our safety , ” Ahmed said . “ I needed to see my family . ( ISIS ) said if I go back , give up my weapon and that I would n't be harmed. ” They took ISIS at its word and returned to eastern Syria .
After Mohammed was discovered and arrested , they were locked in an ISIS jail for two months . They say they were in a room with 75 other boys and men . They say they were all tortured savagely , beating their shins with bats and applying electric shocks to their genitals .
“ Many people died there . No water , no electricity . They provided water twice a day . We used the toilet once a day , ” Mohammed said .
Ahmed found out ISIS 's offer of amnesty came with conditions . After returning to eastern Syria , they were ordered to “ repent ” by going an ISIS indoctrination school . They say special attention was given to boys like them for brainwashing .
“ They talked about Osama bin Laden , and how they attacked the twin towers . They were saying that they need to do that again , ” Ahmed said . “ They also talked about the attack on the French newspaper ( Charlie Hebdo ) . They said this was made by the Islamic State . They were so happy . ”
After behind tortured , Mohammed was released from prison and also sentenced to repent by going to the ISIS indoctrination school . But Mohammed was convinced that if they went to the school , he 'd be sent to the front lines to die or used as a suicide bomber . Mohammed decided to try to escape with a group of friends .
One of them turned them in .
'This is the judgment of God '
Within a few hours , Mohammed was brought before an ISIS judge . Their crime was trying to escape ISIS-held areas , thereby choosing to leave the realm of “ true Islam ” for the land of the infidels , which ISIS considers everywhere else .
“ He said to me ‘ This is the judgment of God . You were going to the land of the infidels… so you are like them . Your leg and arm must be cut off . ' ”
The punishment was carried out the next day . What Mohammed described is graphic and may be difficult to read , but it demonstrates ISIS 's systemic brutality against those who oppose it , including young boys .
The `` chopping '' ritual is carried out in a carnival-like atmosphere with an assembled crowd cheering and jeering as the condemned are brought to a city square . A section of honor in the square is reserved for the children of foreign fighters .
The sons of foreign fighters are expected to cheer and jeer the loudest . They 're being trained , both Ahmed and Mohammed say , to be elite members of ISIS 's next generation of suicide bombers and foreign terrorists . Sometimes the sons of foreign fighters carry out executions themselves , erasing their respect for human life while they 're still impressionable .
Mohammed 's punishment was to have their opposing limbs cut off : their right hand ( considered in Islamic culture to the “ clean ” hand ) and their left foot . ISIS attempts to make the horrific ritual appear hygienic . The ISIS members who held Mohammed 's limbs in place wore surgical gloves and squirted iodine on their hand and foot . Mohammed says they were given an injection . They do n't know what it was but says they were told it would calm them down .
The `` chopping '' ritual is carried out in a carnival-like atmosphere with an assembled crowd cheering and jeering as the condemned are brought to a city square .
ISIS members tied Mohammed 's arm and leg with tourniquets to cut off the blood flow to their hand and foot . The purpose of the amputations is not to kill the victim , but maim them forever . The tourniquets were left on for about 15 minutes . Then , Mohammed 's arm was stretched out on a block of wood . A large meat cleaver was placed on top of their wrist at the point where the cut would be made . A man with a mallet smashed the back of the cleaver so it would cut straight through bone and flesh . Mohammed and three others identified the man who carried out the punishment as an Iraqi from ISIS 's “ chopping committee ” known by the nickname “ The Bulldozer . ”
The first chop was met with celebratory cries of Allahu Akbar — God is greatest . ' The ritual was repeated to cut off their foot . Mohammed was then taken to an ISIS clinic where their skin was stretched and sewn over the stumps . Mohammed 's mother picked them up from the clinic , brought them home and smuggled them to Turkey a few days later .
'Who wants to be a martyr ? '
After indoctrination school , Ahmed thought he 'd finally paid their dues and that ISIS would make good on its promise of amnesty . Unlike Mohammed , Ahmed was cooperating . But ISIS kept adding demands . As the brainwashing course was wrapping up , Ahmed was told they were now an ISIS fighter and was being sent to the frontline . With no idea where they were going , Ahmed was loaded on a bus and taken to Anbar province in Iraq . They managed to escape from there to Turkey .
Ahmed says ISIS repeatedly tried to convince them and the other boys at indoctrination school to become suicide bombers . Some agreed .
“ They asked us , “ Who wants to be a martyr ? ' One of the boys who was with us , they were 12 years old . They blew themselves up in an area called Haditha ( in Iraq ) , ” Ahmed said .
Mohammed and Ahmed both say ISIS is trying to create a fresh crop of radicals by targeting boys .
“ They are fooling children with money , ” Mohammed said . “ They are fooling them to bomb themselves . They give a boy some money , or a bicycle , and after two days they take them in a car to bomb himself . They target children the most . They focus on children , because children are unaware of anything in this life . ”
Ahmed today is trying to make their way in Turkey , one of around two million Syrian refugees in the country .
Mohammed does n't have enough money for the medical and psychological care they badly need . Their brother and the family friend who nurses them do the best they can with the help of a few generous Turks . Mohammed was disfigured by ISIS only two weeks ago . They cry every time their bandages are changed . They have nightmares , wets their bed and gets confused . Last week , they forgot their foot was missing and fell down the stairs of the building where they are living . Their brother takes them outside every day to get some fresh air .
`` They target children the most . They focus on children , because children are unaware of anything in this life . ”
“ I can only sleep after I take sleeping pills , ” Mohammed said . “ The most difficult time is when I go to sleep . The pain starts . In the daytime , I sit in the street and watch the people passing by to forget the pain . ”
But Mohammed says what hurt more than falling down the stairs was when a Turkish man approached them and gave them 50 Turkish lira , the equivalent of about 15 dollars . Mohammed was n't begging . They were just sitting their wheelchair , as they say , to forget the pain .
When they looked at the money in their lap , they started to cry . It dawned on them that he 'd become what in Arabic is called a “ miskeen , ” someone who deserves pity . That 's not how Mohammed sees himself , but they realized that 's how others see him .
ASTRONOMERS have discovered a planet that may be capable of supporting human life , and it 's right at Earth 's front door .
`` It 's not just in our backyard , it 's right in our face , '' lead researcher Professor Steven Vogt said .
The planet is 22 light years away , previously thought to be 20 light years , and is formally known as Gliese 581g , but Professor Vogt told news.com.au that they have since named it after their wife .
`` I called it 'Zarmina 's world ' , '' Professor Vogt said .
While their claims have been previously reported , a new study , released to News.com.au this week , dismisses calls of balderdash by the international science community .
The study - by astronomers at the University of California , Santa Cruz , and the Carnegie Institution of Washington - shows the `` super Earth '' is more than twice the size of Earth and is better able to hold on to its gassy atmosphere , which increases its chances of retaining liquid .
`` Having more mass makes for more gravity at the surface , making it more likely to be able to hold the atmosphere in place against evaporation from the planet , '' Prof Vogt said .
Whether this liquid is frozen and stored under the surface or flowing freely across the planet , the researchers ca n't say .
The scientist from the University of California said that the planet has `` churchly weather '' .
`` From the energy bounds , known brightness and temperature of the star , together with the known size of the planet 's orbit and the estimated reflectance of the planet , we can compute the planet 's temperature , '' Prof Vogt said .
`` Surface temperatures over large regions of the tidally-locked planet would be just about right to be able to stand at the surface and feel the warmth of an alien Sun on your face , like standing in the park in Sydney . ''
However the researchers were unable to determine what the surface of the planet is like , Professor Vogt said .
The planet orbits in a region known as the Goldilocks Zone around the star . That region is where a planet 's surface temperature is neither too hot , nor too cold for water to exist in liquid form- an essential ingredient for life as we know it .
Prof Vogt said Gliese was the most interesting planet for alien contact because of the relatively short delay times in interstellar communication .
`` If you get lucky and find civilisations , you 'd be able to have a two-way conversation within a human life-time , '' they said . `` You do n't want to have to spend 1000 years waiting to hear 'wazzup ' , and then another 1000 years before they get to hear not much , and you ? ' . ''
The researcher said after making first contact , scientists may receive an answer within 20 years .
`` Using pulsed nuclear drive technology ( basically dropping nuclear warheads out the back of your spacecraft and detonating them for propulsion ) , a ship carrying the equivalent of a super-sophisticated iPhone or Droid cell phone could reach this system in only a few hundred years and be able to send back picture postcards of its surface , sample its atmosphere for biomarkers , and listen for technological activity , '' they said .
`` There is something out there . ''
These findings are not without controversy , however .
This is n't the first time Professor Vogt has claimed the existence of a habitable planet . Their findings back in 2010 sparked a scientific cat fight between the US researchers and a rival team of Swiss astronomers . The team published research saying it had found four planets that orbited the same star as Gliese 581g ( which at the time had not yet been confirmed ) .
Prof. Vogt 's team added a large set of their own data to the Swiss team 's data to confirm these four planets and uncovered two more planets in the system , including Gliese 581g , which orbitied in the star 's habitable zone . Their work was published in the U.S. 's Astrophysical Journal .
The Swiss team almost immediately claimed that Vogt 's research was nonsense , creating waves in the scientific community .
The international media then seized on both team 's data , reporting problems with their research .
Prof Vogt said the international media took the Swiss team at its word .
`` No one ever demanded that the Swiss produce data to back up their rebuttal , '' they said . `` Even now , almost two years later , data to support their rebuttal has yet to appear in the peer-reviewed literature . ''
A year later the Swiss team released expanded data on its findings confirming the existence of four planets but not Vogt 's extra two .
Vogts ' team analysed the Swiss team 's data set and found serious flaws with the Swiss analysis .
Prof. Vogt told news.com.au that they discovered that the Swiss had apparently omitted five key data points that simply did not fit their model of the system . These data points contained evidence for one or more planets in the system beyond the 4 confirmed ones . Vogt 's team 's analysis revealed that their model was highly unstable , with some planets colliding in as few as 15 years .
`` You 're basically deliberately deleting information in your data that 's telling you there 's more in the system than you 're telling people about . You 're hiding that stuff , ” they told News.com.au .
Prof Vogt said the models were `` completely unphysical '' and could not be taken seriously . They also claimed the Swiss team set some of their orbits as circular while letting others remain `` eccentric '' or oval in shape , making their model unstable .
“ Such setting of eccentricities introduces biases and personal choices into the model that inappropriately affect the resulting solution , ” Prof Vogt wrote in the study , which was provided to News.com.au .
`` One can not in such modelling pick and choose which orbits to be eccentric or circular , `` they told News.com.au .
Control of space station rests with '80s technology
A lab in Clear Lake , located a few miles from the Johnson Space Center , has mock-ups of the computer systems used on the International Space Station . Every new component bound for the station is tested there first . less A lab in Clear Lake , located a few miles from the Johnson Space Center , has mock-ups of the computer systems used on the International Space Station . Every new component bound for the station is tested there ... more Photo : James Nielsen , Chronicle Photo : James Nielsen , Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Control of space station rests with '80s technology 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
NASA bills the International Space Station as “ the most complex scientific and technological endeavor ever undertaken . ”
Perhaps that is so , but its guts are so 1980s .
That 's because the 44 primary computers that do everything from guide the station around Earth at 17,000 mph to monitor for fires are powered by Intel 386 processors , first built in the mid-1980s , with a clock rate of 16 megahertz . To put that in perspective , today 's processors are measured in gigahertz , a speed increase by a factor of 1,000 .
Needless to say , the task of maintaining the network of computers on the station humming along is more difficult than , say , putting together a home network .
The station has components from the United States , Russia , Japan , Canada and Europe , each with their own hardware and software . Each system must “ talk ” to one another and crashes can be a bit more problematic than losing the Internet until a technician can arrive .
One such crash did occur in 2001 , during a space shuttle mission to the station .
Of all the station 's computers , the command-and-control computer , which has two back-ups , serves as the “ brains ” of the network . The first command-and-control computer failed , then the first back-up began operating erratically and then , finally , all three failed .
Lot of hard work
With Endeavour docked to the station , the crew re-routed its communications through the shuttle and eventually swapped another onboard computer into the command-and-control slot . It turned out to be a hard drive issue .
“ That took some life off us , ” admits Michael Suffredini , the station 's program manager .
But since that incident the station 's computers have largely functioned without incident .
“ It 's not darn good luck that we 've had success , it 's the result of a lot of hard work up front , ” Suffredini said .
A lot of the hard work can be credited to a Boeing software laboratory in Clear Lake , a few miles from Johnson Space Center , that 's next door to the large swimming pool where astronauts train for spacewalks .
Inside the lab there 's a mock-up of the computer systems on board the station where all software is tested before it is sent to the station . Every new component that 's sent up to the station is tested there first to ensure it will work smoothly in space .
“ This is basically the space station on the ground , ” explained Jose Pinero , a lab manager during a recent tour .
Upgrade to the '90s
The lab is now testing a software for version 10 of the station 's core programming , which is roughly analogous to an aircraft 's flight computer . NASA expects to fly this software upgrade , which entails more than 700,000 lines of code , in 2011 .
That 's the time when NASA also intends to upgrade the station 's primary computers — to basic Pentium processors . That 's about a five-fold increase in processing power , with considerably more memory .
“ That 's smokin ' , ” quipped Steve Cox , another manager at Boeing 's lab . “ We 'll be all the way up to 1990s technology . ”
eric.berger @ chron.com
- A Prince George 's County firefighter-paramedic died and another volunteer firefighter was wounded when they were shot while making a medical welfare check at a home in Temple Hills , Md . Friday night , authorities said . A third person , a civilian , was also shot .
The fallen firefighter-paramedic was identified as 37-year-old John Ulmschneider , a 13-year veteran of the Prince George 's County Fire and EMS Department . The other firefighter injured in the shooting was identified as 19-year-old Kevin Swain , a firefighter for the Morningside Volunteer Fire Department .
The firefighters were responding with police officers to a 911 call for a medical welfare check at a single-family home in the 5000 block of Sharon Road at around 7:30 p.m. Police said a concerned resident called for assistance , believing a relative was possibly suffering a medical emergency inside the home .
Prince George 's County Police Chief Hank Stawinski said the person inside the home did not answer to a knock at the door by authorities , and a decision was made to enter the house to check on the individual . As they were attempting to enter , the person in the home fired several shots through the door , hitting the two firefighters as well as the concerned relative who made the call .
Ulmschneider was shot in the chest and transported to MedStar Southern Maryland Hospital Center where they later died . According to Prince George 's County Fire and EMS spokesperson Mark Brady , Swain sustained multiple gunshot wounds and was flown by helicopter to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore where they underwent surgery . They are currently listed as being in critical condition .
According to a post by Prince George 's County Fire Department spokesperson Mark Brady , John “ Skillet ” Ulmschneider lived in St. Mary 's County . Their normal duty assignment is at Landover Hills Fire/EMS Station 830 . Ulnschneider leaves behind a wife and 2-year-old daughter .
“ Once again , unfortunately , I 've got to go before the people of Prince George 's County and let them know that we have lost another one of our brave firefighters doing what they do every day , ” said Prince George 's County Executive Rushern Baker . “ These men and women put their lives on the line , and unfortunately tonight , we lost one of them … This is a sad day in Prince George 's County . ”
The relative was shot in the shoulder , but that person 's injuries are not considered serious .
Police said no officer fired any gunshots and the gunman in the home was taken into custody at the time .
Saturday evening , the Temple Hills homeowner has been released from police custody . Detectives continue to investigate the incident and are asking for anyone who may have additional details to contact them . No charges have been placed at this time .
Brady told FOX 5 that since the Fire and EMS Department was formed back in 1970 in Prince George 's County , it never had a firefighter shot while on duty until now .
A fundraising page has been started to assist Ulmschneider 's wife and young daughter . It can be found here .
SAN DIEGO – Donald Butler acknowledged what others perceived about their play last season – they are n't at their best in 2014 .
“ I just played bad , ” the San Diego Chargers inside linebacker told reporters this week . “ It happens . Like I said , I 'm just ready for this year though , and I 'm ready to get after it . ”
Butler 's play was uneven last season . Defensive coordinator John Pagano limited Butler 's snaps to early downs in the second half of 2014 , taking defensive play-calling duties from Butler and giving them to safety Eric Weddle . Although Butler was inconsistent , they finished third on the team in tackles with 73 .
Butler will make $ 3.25 million in the second year of their seven-year , $ 51.8 million deal . However , Butler said they did n't feel added pressure to perform at a higher level after signing a high-dollar contract last season .
“ More than anything , it 's about going out there and representing the name on the back of your jersey , ” Butler said . “ And I felt like I did n't do that well enough . I 'm my own worst critic . ”
The 26-year-old finished 2014 on the injured reserve with a dislocated elbow , missing the last two games . Butler told reporters that they had a couple surgeries during the offseason to help them get healthy for the upcoming season . They did not disclose what type of surgeries they had leading up to offseason workouts .
Butler said they returned to their hometown of Sacramento to train after the completion of San Diego 's season last December .
So far , Chargers defensive coordinator John Pagano said he 's pleased with the renewed focus Butler has shown during organized team activities at Chargers Park .
“ Donald in the first five or six OTAs right now , you 're seeing a different player running around there – making plays and getting their hands on the football , ” Pagano told Xtra 1360 Fox Sports Radio . “ He 's in position to make the tackles and coming with the proper leverage . And it 's always stressing those fundamentals , and not taking it for granted so much -- running by a play here and there -- you put yourself in those situations , and you break down , we two-hand touch everything and you sprint to the football .
“ But you see a different focus in Donald , and that 's positive because the big thing for them is they want to be great . ”
The Chargers drafted Denzel Perryman in the second round to improve depth at inside linebacker and add competition at the position . However , Butler does not see the move as a threat .
“ The more help the better , ” Butler said . “ I would n't say it affected me in any way , negative or positive . I think I always want us to win , regardless if I 'm in there or not . So they [ Perryman ] looks good . He 's out there running around and getting better every day , and that 's what you want from these young guys . ”
According to an Economic Times report , the government will install 200 megawatt solar and wind plants at the ports by 2019 . Around 75 percent of the total output will be generated via solar panels , with the remainder falling to on and off-shore wind farms . Should it be a success , officials believe capacity could be expanded to 500 megawatts in the following years .
`` These renewable energy projects will help in the reduction of carbon emission and lead to improvement of environment around the ports , '' a government official said . `` All our ports are cash-rich [ ... ] The ports have started the process of setting up renewable energy projects from profits . ''
The project wo n't come cheap , with early estimates reaching 500 crore ( or $ 77.6 million ) . However , it will build upon the Indian government 's Green Port initiative launched early last year . The project is designed to reduce carbon emissions and offset the cost of purchasing power from the national grid , boosting the government 's pledge to increase the share of renewable sources in its overall energy strategy .
European nations not-so-quietly reeling from their own outbreak of xenophobic nationalism .
What was once a ripple of concern across Europe – lurking in the corners but ultimately marginalized in its real influence – has in a matter of months been transformed into an alarming systemic crisis , as European nations across the continent find themselves embroiled in their own conflicts of “ Trumpism , ” struggling to explain how right-wing nationalist parties could have gained so much traction in such a short amount of time .
In America , the rise of Donald Trump as the GOP standard bearer – a combative , controversial billionaire whose nativist , xenophobic vision for America continues to stoke age-old fires of racial and ethnic division in their bid for the White House – has in many ways distracted most media outlets from connecting them to politicians espousing inherently similar ideologies in Europe .
In America , that is .
With Alexander Van der Bellen narrowly defeating Norbert Hofer in Austria 's presidential election , it is clear that such trends are irrefutably connected across party lines , national borders , and even continents , as it is just the latest evidence of a growing rightward shift in European politics and policy .
Mr. Hofer , who was sworn in as the Freedom Party candidate wearing a popular Nazi symbol from the 1930s , catapulted themselves to power on the heels of an anti-migrant , Austrian nationalist , us-vs-them political platform , fully exposing the deep divide between the left and right in Austrian politics .
Had they edged out Van der Bellen , it would have made them the first far-rightwing populist of any European state since the Nazis .
“ Of course I am sad today , ” wrote Mr. Hofer on their Facebook page conceding defeat , “ I would so gladly have taken care of our wonderful country for you as president . The effort this campaign is not lost , but an investment in the future . ”
Their last comment , touching on “ future ” of Austrian/European politics is as troubling as it is factual when you consider that in the last year :
What is behind this rightward shift ?
In a nutshell , the politics of 2016 are still struggling to escape the legacy of the financial crash of 2008 , which had enormous impacts on the global economy .
Despite unemployment being cut in half from it 's catastrophic 2009 levels in the United States , many Americans find themselves still earning less income than they earned decades . European nations have not been as successful in this regard , and youth unemployment in many countries has continued to remain alarmingly high .
It has stoked fears among many in the shrinking middle class throughout Europe that the opportunities for improvement and upward mobility are a thing of the past , allowing an opening for anti-establishment campaigns to present their case .
Additionally , the migrant crisis in the aftermath of terrorist attacks in Paris and Brussels have only worsened these moods . It has become commonplace to outwardly legitimize xenophobia in the name of keeping the borders protected . Earlier in the fall , Hungary 's far-right Prime Minister Viktor Orban said that the country “ has a right to decide that we do not want a large number of Muslim people in our country , ” and the former Prime Minister of Poland Jaroslaw Kaczynski warned that Muslim refugees would bring parasites and diseases to its local population .
“ The anti-immigrant sentiment is in many ways anti-Islam , and it 's cheap , it 's easy to play on , ” said Professor Martin Schain of New York University , whose academic concentration primarily focuses on European politics , “ It 's very , very troubling . While these parties have not gained governmental power , they have been very successful in setting the political agenda . They really drag politics very far to the right . ”
In America , the results could not be more startling .
Following Mitt Romney 's resounding defeat to President Obama , Republican National Committee ( RNC ) chairperson Reince Priebus announced in their “ Growth and Opportunity Project ” that “ America is changing demographically , and unless Republicans are able to grow our appeal the way GOP governors have done , the changes tilt the playing field even more in the Democratic direction . ”
“ If we want ethnic minority voters to support Republicans , we have to engage them and show our sincerity , ” the report continues , “ If Hispanic Americans perceive that a GOP nominee or candidate does not want them in the United States ( i.e . self-deportation ) they will not pay attention to our next sentence…We are not a policy committee , but among the steps Republicans take in the Hispanic community and beyond , we must embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform . If we do not , our Party 's appeal will continue to shrink to its core constituencies only . We also believe that comprehensive immigration reform is consistent with Republican economic policies that promote job growth and opportunity for all . ”
The report was issued in December 2012 .
Fast-forward nearly four years later , and their presumptive nominee has ridden the coattails of a candidacy that regularly incites violence , flirts with white supremacists on Twitter , calls for a deportation force to round up 12 million undocumented immigrants ( that overwhelming majority of whom are law abiding citizens ) , and has pledged to ban all Muslims including political leaders – 1.2 billion people of an entire religion – from entering the United States .
Quarterback Jared Sparks might be an option at receiver
Buy Photo Red shirt first-year student quarterback Jared Sparks heads back to the huddle after a pass reception during Purdue spring football practice Friday , March 31 , 2017 , inside the Mollenkopf Athletic Center . Sparks has seen some action as a wide receiver during spring practice . ( Photo : John Terhune/Journal & Courier ) Buy Photo Story Highlights First-year coach Jeff Brohm is looking for playmakers at the receiver position
Redshirt first-year student quarterback Jared Sparks ' quickness would be an asset at receiver
Sparks is battling Elijah Sindelar at No . 2 quarterback position
The Louisiana native attended Dutchtown High School in Geismar
WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind . –His heart is at quarterback .
Their talents , though , may give Purdue 's football team a boost at receiver .
On Monday , redshirt first-year student Jared Sparks started taking snaps at receiver as first-year coach Jeff Brohm searches for playmakers up and down the roster . Sparks remains in the quarterback rotation but is learning the receiver position to see where it might lead .
“ I know I have some abilities that can help us out in those areas , ” the native of Geismar , Louisiana said . “ Of course , my love , my first heart is quarterback , but If they need me in the slot , if they need me on the outside just to bring a difference to the pace of the game , I 'll do it with no hesitation . ”
The Boilermakers are thin , inexperienced and banged up at receiver . They 've lacked consistency during spring practice , either in running routes or making catches . It 's difficult to determine a true read on where this offense is at because of the holes at the position , along with the struggles on the offensive line .
At least for now , Sparks brings an athletic element and a desire to make big plays . They called this week `` a joy '' because it 's helped showcase their athletic abilities .
“ He 's very athletic . They can run , ” Brohm said . “ We 're starting to put a little bit of a package in for them at quarterback ; things they can maybe really challenge the defense on .
“ And also , because of their speed , they may be eventually a guy that has to get the ball in their hands some , whether that 's at quarterback , running back or receiver . ”
Sparks is taking this assignment seriously and not just going through the motions until the coaching staff moves them back to quarterback on a regular basis .
They stayed after Wednesday 's practice to work on routes with receivers coach JaMarcus Shephard .
CLOSE The redshirt first-year student quarterback is taking snaps at receiver as the Boilermakers search for playmakers Mike Carmin/Journal and Courier
“ I did n't want to look like a scrub out there the next time I went , ” they said . “ I wanted to make sure I got everything perfect . I 'm really a guy that is very persistent and always wants to be perfect in anything that I do . ”
During Friday 's light practice ahead of Saturday 's scrimmage , Sparks ran routes as an outside receiver with the No . 2 offense . As they were returning to the huddle , they flipped the ball to a teammate and lined up at quarterback . They ran a zone-read play to running back Richie Worship .
But playing quarterback remains part of their plan . Brohm and their staff have put together a package of plays for Sparks , looking for any method to give the offense an advantage in the fall .
“ Nothing is off the table to try to score with what we have right now , ” Brohm said . “ Yes , if they end up not being the starter at quarterback , we could carry a certain package for them and make sure that 's up and running every game . I think he 'd do a good job with it and they can throw well enough to execute with that . Also , we 'll look at them split out some as well . ”
Sparks is expected to see more action at quarterback in Saturday 's scrimmage , but look for the 6-foot-1 , 200-pounder to take snaps at receiver , probably with the second- and third-team units .
Sparks believes he 's making progress at quarterback , battling Elijah Sindelar for the No . 2 spot behind projected starter David Blough . Playing receiver has also helped Sparks to learn more about the quarterback position and Brohm 's offense .
When the whole team faces sprints if you miss a field goal , and they still root against you . 💵✔️🔙🔛🔝🔜😤💪🏻 — Purdue Specialists ( @ PUspecialists ) March 31 , 2017
Quarterback remains their long-term goal , but they may provide a short-term answer at a position of need .
“ You always have your internal goals that you try to always accomplish , ” Sparks said . “ For my goal now , that package that they have for me , kill it and make it work so that opportunity can maybe lead to another one .
“ Of course , my goal and every competitor 's goal is to want to have the whole offense to themselves and be the starter , be that guy . My position right now , I 'm going to take whatever they give me . If the package is what it is , right now at this point that 's what I 'm going to go after . That 's my goal right now . ''
This and that
Saturday 's scrimmage starts at 10 a.m. at Ross-Ade Stadium . The scrimmage is expected to feature about 100 plays . ... Griffin Alstott and their father and Boilermaker legend , Mike , attended Friday 's practice . Griffin , a quarterback at St. Petersburg ( Florida ) Northside Christian , signed with Purdue in February .
Contributing : Nathan Baird/nbaird @ jconline.com
Contact Journal & Courier sports reporter Mike Carmin at mcarmin @ jconline.com . Follow them on Twitter : @ carmin_jc
CLOSE First-year coach Jeff Brohm looks ahead to Saturday 's scrimmage . Mike Carmin/Journal and Courier
MUSKEGON , MI – A Muskegon man claims `` one of the largest porn collections '' in the state of Michigan was stolen from their home Tuesday , Feb. 19 , police said .
The incident was reported shortly after 4:15 p.m. on Tuesday when two residents of their home in the 1700 block of McIlwraith Street arrived to find their back door was kicked in , a police official said .
The residents discovered the man 's large pornography collection and three flat-screen TVs had been taken from the home , police said .
The owner of the missing pornography told police it was allegedly “ one of the largest porn collections ” in the state and valued it at $ 6,500 .
It was n't clear from the police report whether the collection included magazines , DVDs or other items .
There are no suspects at this time . Anyone with information is asked to contact the Muskegon Police Department at ( 231 ) 724-6750 .
Email : hpeters @ mlive.com
The collective exhale can begin . Loyal viewers of the CW comedy “ Jane the Virgin ” may have had some fears about whether it would be able to sustain the quality of its first-year student season , but judging by the first episode of season 2 , Jane Villanueva and their friends and family are in safe hands . If anything , the season 2 premiere is an even more accomplished distillation of the show 's consistently invigorating mixture .
Perhaps the most impressive thing about “ Jane the Virgin ” is that it makes its addictive blend of tones and stories look easy to pull off , but it 's difficult to think of a show that unites more on-screen elements and moving parts . The season premiere contains the usual strategically deployed texts , amusing ( and informational ) chyrons , diverting narration , not to mention heartfelt family drama , slapstick physical comedy , the occasional dash of melodrama and sly social commentary . Add in the season premiere 's healthy dollop of forward movement in the plot , and the energetically paced episode could have been a train wreck . It 's anything but .
In the opening minutes , the narrator ( the indispensable Anthony Mendez ) briskly gets the audience up to speed and reminds viewers that season 1 ended with the kidnapping of Jane 's newborn , Mateo . Though the machinations that set that in motion are referenced and the name of the villainous Sin Rostro is mentioned now and again , “ Jane ” does n't delve too deeply into the crime-solving aspect of the Villanueva story . The show has always been grounded by its characters ' relationships and aspirations , and Jane 's adjustment to being a new mom is the core of the premiere 's beguiling comedy and effectively sincere drama .
More Reviews TV Review : 'The Enemy Within ' Starring Jennifer Carpenter Film Review : ‘ 2019 Oscar Nominated Short Films : Documentary '
Despite its commitment to Jane 's emotional arc , the show remains chock full of laugh-out-loud moments . The use of one creatively deployed on-screen element is likely to induce many chuckles , and there is a scene in the opening minutes of season 2 that depicts Jane ( Gina Rodridguez ) attempting to run mere hours after giving birth . Most shows would n't be able to segue beautifully from that goofy sequence into an emotionally resonant moment , but “ Jane ” unites heart and humor like few other shows on the TV landscape .
Perhaps because the season opener has to do a fair amount of recapping on the status of various characters and story lines , audiences are treated to a lot of Mendez 's narration in the episode , but that is , of course , only a good thing . Most shows struggle to unload exposition gracefully , but “ Jane ” has managed to turn one of the “ eat your vegetables ” aspects of television storytelling into a candy-coated treat .
Though the show 's entire cast is full of actors who clearly relish finding every gradation of heartbreak , silliness and hope that creator Jennie Snyder Urman throws at them , Mendez remains a standout in this accomplished cast . The Narrator is not just a conveyer of information , he 's a personality in their own right ; a witty pal who roots for the characters even as they wryly describe their missteps , confusion and conflicts . If only the technology existed to make the Narrator and the delightfully self-regarding Rogelio ( Jaime Camil ) the voices of an app that could narrate viewers ' lives . Even though Jane 's life is n't glamorous , having it described by Mendez — or observed by the blithely oblivious Rogelio — makes even the most workaday existence seem 40 percent more fun .
With ease and assurance , Rodriguez reminds viewers why they won a Golden Globe for their performance as Jane . The character 's intense desire to be a good mother is palpable , and yet with nothing more than a raised eyebrow , Rodriguez can find the amusing aspect of any scene . Both of their exes , police detective Michael ( Brett Dier ) and hotel owner Rafael ( Justin Baldoni ) , remain understandably besotted with her , and yet the show 's focus remains the Villanueva women and the strong bonds they share . As the clan adjusts to the changes wrought by the arrival of a child , everyone in Jane 's orbit is recalibrating their or their relationships and expectations , and as Jane 's beloved abuela , Alba ( Ivonne Coll ) , reminds their own daughter , Xiomara ( Andrea Navedo ) , sometimes the most powerful thing a mother can do is allow themselves to admit they feel overwhelmed .
Thanks to the legacy of the great TV dramas of the last two decades , there 's a strong association between quality and darkness in the one-hour realm , and of course no one would argue that shows like “ Breaking Bad ” and “ Mad Men ” are not tremendous accomplishments . But angst , a thirst for power and self-loathing are not the only effective vehicles for telling affecting stories about the human condition , and “ Jane 's ” quiet insistence on its hero 's complexity and goodness never gets in the way of the show 's ability to be funny , surreal and frequently moving .
In any case , the innovative blend of form , mood and tone in “ Jane the Virgin ” continues to be an accomplishment of the highest order . It is envisioned , edited and curated with great deftness and economy , and the fact that it is so entertaining and accessible should not preclude it from being at the center of conversations about the best the medium has to offer .
Rogelio would have no problem putting themselves in the highest tiers of artistic accomplishment , and though “ Jane the Virgin ” does not share the telenovela superstar 's amusingly grandiose tendencies , “ Chapter Twenty-Three ” shows it still deserves to be regarded as one of TV 's finest offerings .
Socialists have attempted many times to put their ideology into action . Socialism has been applied in the Soviet Union , Cuba , China ( before Deng ) , North Korea , and by many other less-famous regimes .
In each case , the result has been economic impoverishment and political authoritarianism .
But the die-hard socialists refuse to give up . `` Do n't judge communism based on these results , `` we 're told . `` Socialism has simply never really been tried . ''
Socialism Does n't Work Unless It 's Pure Socialism
Indeed , in a recent back-and-forth between John Stossel and Noam Chomsky , Chomsky denied that the Venezuelan regime is socialist at all :
I never described Chavez 's state capitalist government as 'socialist ' or even hinted at such an absurdity . It was quite remote from socialism . Private capitalism remained ... Capitalists were free to undermine the economy in all sorts of ways , like massive export of capital .
The thinking goes that socialism can not work unless it progresses all the way to `` full socialism . '' No partial effort will suffice , we are told , and socialism keeps failing because some elements of `` private capitalism '' remained .
So long as any aspect of a state is not full-on socialism , the thinking goes , then the regime is not really socialist . Moreover , the failure of the regime 's socialist policies — such as expropriation of private companies and expansion of government-owned industries — are to be blamed on capitalism , not socialism .
RELATED : `` Why the Left Refuses to Talk About Venezuela '' by Ryan McMaken
Naturally , were socialism able to achieve it 's final state — and all elements of capitalism expunged — we 'd know it by its ushering in of a society marked by unparalleled prosperity and total equality .
Nevermind that for all intents and purposes , Lenin did achieve nearly complete and total nationalization of the economy during the Russian Civil War in 1922 . The people began to starve soon after , and Lenin retreated to the partial socialism under their so-called `` New Economic Policy . ''
The Lenin example is steadfastly ignored , of course , and we 're repeatedly told by the likes of Chomsky that mere half measures do n't work for socialism , and only total socialism works . Anything short of total socialism , it seems , will fail miserably , as it has in Venezuela . Yes , the government can seize many factories , shops , and even whole industries , as has happened in Venezuela . But , unless the state seizes every single shop , then it 's not real socialism . Thus , do n't blame socialism when the whole thing crashes down .
The Same Logic Need Not Be Applied to Laissez-Faire Liberalism
Note , however , that this is n't a problem in the opposite direction . If we take a middle-of-the road interventionist economy and start introducing partial , half-way free-market liberal reforms , does this cause the economy to collapse ?
Certainly not . Indeed , everywhere we look and find a relatively less socialistic economy , the less poverty and more prosperity we find .
RELATED : `` Extreme Poverty Worldwide Has Plummeted as Market Economics Has Spread '' by Ryan McMaken
Historically , this is obvious . The countries that embraced free trade , industrialization , and the trappings of market economies early on are the wealthiest economies today . We also find this to be the case in post-war Europe where the relatively pro-market economies such as those in Germany and the UK are wealthier and have higher standards of living than the more socialistic economies of southern Europe — such as Greece and Spain . This is even true of the Scandinavian countries like Sweden , which , as Per Bylund has noted , historically built its wealth with a relatively laissez-faire regime .
This is all the more true when we compare Western Europe with Eastern Europe .
In none of these cases is any economy totally free-market ( or even nearly so ) or totally socialistic . What we do find , however , is that in countries where the economy leans more in the direction of markets — the standard of living is higher , there is less inequality , and poverty is less awful in general .
This is also true in Asia . South Korea and Japan are by no means free-market economies . Both countries ' economies are characterized by a wide variety of trade restrictions , crony capitalist deals , and a massive regulatory state .
But North Korea and Vietnam , which are much poorer , are characterized by far more government ownership of industry , and much smaller private sectors than is the case in Japan and South Korea .
And yet , by the logic of the socialists , the problem with North Korea and Vietnam is that they do n't have enough socialism . If those countries could only rid themselves of the capitalists who are `` free to undermine the economy '' then North Korea will finally be prosperous and Vietnam will rival Japan in its productivity and wealth .
This is nonsense , of course . If North Korea wants fewer famines it needs only move in the direction of less socialism as South Korea has .
Even Halfway Reforms Work with Markets
Unlike socialism , market reforms need not be total , complete , or utopian in order for their benefits to be recognized .
This is why market advocates never need to say `` market reforms did n't work in Country X because that country never achieved full and true capitalism ! If only all the socialists been liquidated , then true capitalism would have been realized ! ''
This is never said said because even half-measures in the direction of laissez faire improve economic growth and standards of living .
We saw this in West Germany after World War II with the reforms of Ludwig Erhard , who helped usher in a period of immense economic growth with only half-way reforms . By abolishing price controls and other government-imposed restraints on the economy , the Germany economy took off while more socialistic economies — like that found in the UK at the time — were more stagnant . `` If only East Germany had had more socialism ! '' we can only conclude . Then East Germans would n't have risked death trying to escape to West Germany .
Obviously , in this case , the West German state did not adopt `` pure '' capitalism . They merely adopted relatively more laissez-faire . And the economy expanded . In fact , according to Hans Sennholz , the West German state rather accidentally stumbled upon its free market reforms . And yet , we call the results `` the German economic miracle . ''
Another modern example is Latin America . When we look across the region as a whole , we find repeatedly that the regimes that have embraced even half-hearted pro-market reforms — such as Chile , Peru , and Colombia — are the countries that have seen some of the greatest economic growth in recent decades .
Meanwhile , those countries that have most enthusiastically embraced the so-called pro-socialist `` Pink Tide '' have seen some of the worst growth rates :
But what is the excuse for the lack of economic growth in Argentina , Brazil , and Venezuela ? All those countries have in recent decades embraced economic populism — namely , more government ownership , more government regulation , and more government control of the economy .
So why have n't those countries outpaced the more market-oriented Latin American states ? According to the logic of the socialists , the problem is that none of these states has embraced total socialism .
What a blessing for the socialists , then , that every time some socialist reforms are tried — and fail — the ideology has a built-in excuse : socialism never works unless it 's fully implemented .
Just imagine if the same were true of markets , though . Since no ideology is ever likely to be fully realized in its entirety , this would mean that humanity would be doomed to abject and grinding poverty forever .
Fortunately for us , market reforms need only be partial and haphazard to make us all better off . Unfortunately , governments are often committed to moving in the wrong direction with central banks , wage controls , price controls , more regulation and more taxation . The assaults on markets are continuous and widespread . Fortunately , all it takes is movement back in the direction of freer markets to improve matters again . We 'd do well to learn from Eastern Europe , West Germany , Latin America , and all the other regimes that have , reluctantly or not , gotten out of the way and allowed markets to work .
The socialists can keep dreaming about their paradise to be realized some day when total unadulterated socialism is achieved . Meanwhile , markets will continue to improve matters for billions of people in real life .
PARIS — In a bid to stop the flow of disaffected youth to the battlefields of Syria and Iraq , the French government on Wednesday released a graphic two-minute video showing clips of executions , wounded children and crucifixions that tells potential recruits that the glory promised to them is a lie .
The video , which appears on an Interior Ministry website , Stop Djihadisme , raises what the government believes are the top arguments made by the Islamic State terrorist group and other jihadist recruiters and turns them upside down , point-counterpoint style . It is meant to blunt the appeal of such recruiters , many of whom disseminate their messages through Facebook and online videos .
“ You are told : ‘ Sacrifice yourself at our side , you will defend a fair cause , ' ” the video says . “ In reality , you will discover hell on earth and you will die alone , far from your home . ”
At another point , it says : “ You are told : ‘ Come start a family with one of our heroes . ' In reality , you will raise your children in war and terror. ” More than 350,000 people have already watched the video on a video-sharing website , Dailymotion .
Local council took an uncharacteristically hardline approach when a Guardian journalist tried to record an interview with musician Martyn Ware on its beach
It was supposed to be a harmless interview with a pop star on Brighton 's pebbly beach about the sounds of Britain 's shores , but the only noise the city council wanted to hear was the rustle of notes changing hands .
The city on England 's south coast has a reputation for permissiveness and a liberal , laid-back , independent attitude ( it is home to the UK 's first elected Green MP ) , but it appears to have taken an uncharacteristically hardline approach into what you can and ca n't do for free on its beaches and environs . For anyone wanting to take pictures or carry out a Q & A on its beach , the city council has decreed that there is a £200 fee . And if the interview is moved off the beach on to the promenade or a street corner ? Still £200 .
Civil liberty campaigners and champions of a free press have expressed bemusement after Brighton & Hove city council tried to charge the fee for working on its beach or other parts of the city . Caroline Lucas , the Green MP for Brighton Pavilion , has investigated and expressed their concern . Index on Censorship is among the organisations that said the move ran counter to the right to freedom of expression .
Shoot-'em-ups and crashing waves : Martyn Ware seeks that seaside sound Read more
The situation came to light when the Guardian informed Brighton & Hove city council that it was planning to interview the musician Martyn Ware , a founder member of the Human League and Heaven 17 , on the local authority-owned beach about a music project they were undertaking with the National Trust and the British Library . The council 's press office passed the matter on to the city 's events office . An official there said it would charge £200 for a licence allowing the interview to be recorded and Ware to be photographed next to the water .
The official said in an email : “ This is a chargeable activity . We would charge £200 for audio recording and photographs . If you wish to go ahead with this booking , please let me know and I will get you the consent form . ”
When the Guardian expressed surprise that the council 's policy was to charge for newsgathering , the official replied : “ News to us is ‘ current affairs ' , and we define current affairs as something that is spontaneous , such as filming for the weather programme . Your proposal is a planned article , and is therefore is a chargeable activity . I hope that this answers your question . ”
The official added that the beach stretched to Rottingdean around four miles to the east of Brighton city centre , and Portslade , three miles west . When they were asked if there were any restrictions in other parts of Brighton – for example , the street – they said : “ Anywhere in Brighton , including the highways , there would be a charge to you , except for private property . I can suggest contacting the pier , which is privately owned . ”
Jodie Ginsberg , chief executive of Index on Censorship , said : “ Journalists should not be charged in order to carry out their jobs . These runs counter to all the principles that should underpin a free and independent media . ”
Bob Satchwell , executive director of the Society of Editors , branded the move outrageous . They said : “ Beaches and streets are public places . If local councils are to start charging for reporting the news , it is time someone reminded them that we are supposed to live in a free society . ”
Michael Bromley , interim head of journalism at City University London , said : “ Well , it would be funny if it were n't so pathetic . The irony , of course , is that the council is compelled to provide , at its own cost , press facilities for its own meetings . Maybe Brighton council should meet on the beach and charge an entry fee ? ”
It is understood that a charity was also told it would have to pay if it wished to take images on the beach .
The Guardian photographed Ware on the pier , but also went ahead and took a photograph and carried out the audio interview on the beach without paying the charge . Later , when the Guardian asked the council again about the policy , its press office said it stemmed from a decision made by the economic development and culture committee in June last year , at which point the council was run by the Green party .
The council approved new fees and charges payable for filming in the city . In 2013-14 the council was paid more than £33,000 for 135 pieces of filming . It agreed to introduce a new structure from 2014-15 that would include an increase in charges and the introduction of a £50 administration charge and hourly rates .
Councillors agreed that makers of “ documentaries/music videos/pieces to camera ” would be charged at £300 a day or £100 an hour . Producers of “ television drama/advert/feature film ” would pay £400 a day or £100 an hour . But they also agreed that “ news , weather , tourism ” pieces should not be charged for after considering a report from a senior officer stating : “ They are items of public information or directly promote the city as a destination . ”
Geoffrey Bowden , who was a Green councillor and chair of the committee but lost their seat in the spring , said the charges had been aimed at organisations such as commercial film-makers and agencies making advertisements . “ I was given a democratic boot up the rear by the electorate in May . However , I can only apologise that an officer has , in my opinion , misinterpreted the filming-fees regime in this way . ”
Bowden , themselves a journalist and PR man , said Brighton would open itself up to accusations of acting like a totalitarian regime such as North Korea if it did try to charge for genuine newsgathering .
Lucas was prepared to be more forgiving . “ A council officer has clearly made a mistake on this occasion . The policy should never have been extended to newsgathering . It 's right that the council has apologised and I trust that similar incidents wo n't occur in the future . ”
The council said it was in discussion about how to make sure that such a situation did not arise again . It said it would investigate the circumstances of a charity being charged . It has stressed that it certainly did not charge visitors to take pictures on its beaches or public places .
A council spokesperson said : “ Fees for filming and commercial photo shoots were agreed in the economic and culture committee in June 2014 , in common with many other local authorities .
“ Fees are not charged for current affairs , weather reports or press photography in the city . Unfortunately , the policy was incorrectly applied in this case , and the journalist was wrongly advised . We are sorry for the confusion caused . ”
• This article was amended on 15 July 2015 to clarify that Ware was photographed both on the privately owned pier and on the beach . The description of Caroline Lucas as “ the Green MP for Brighton ” was amended to “ the Green MP for Brighton Pavilion ” .
FIREWORKS ! Rep. Jim Jordan Reveals McCabe , Strzok , Page And Ohr Family Will Be Subpoenaed ( VIDEO )
Congressman Jim Jordan ( R-OH ) revealed to Fox News host Judge Jeanine Pirro Saturday evening that the House Judiciary Committee will subpoena FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe , counterintelligence agent Peter Strzok , lawyer Lisa Page , and demoted Justice Department official Bruce Ohr along with their wife and former Fusion GPS employee Nellie Ohr “ in their ongoing inquiry into claims of bias against President Donald Trump . ”
This video comes from Judge Jeanine :
FIREWORKS ! 💥 GOP Rep. Jim Jordan reveals the House Judiciary Committee will subpoena Andrew McCabe , Peter Strzok , Lisa Page , Bruce and Nellie Ohr pic.twitter.com/PO8o6nsI0k — Josh Caplan ( @ joshdcaplan ) December 17 , 2017
POLITICO reports :
A Republican on the House judiciary committee said Saturday he 's gotten a commitment from committee chairperson Bob Goodlatte ( R-Va. ) to subpoena top officials at the FBI and Justice Department in their ongoing inquiry into claims of bias against President Donald Trump . Republicans have zeroed in on deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe , top counterintelligence agent Peter Strzok , FBI attorney Lisa Page , former associate deputy attorney general Bruce Ohr and their wife Nellie , who reportedly worked for Fusion GPS , the firm that compiled opposition research on Trump in 2016 . “ Chairman Goodlatte has told us they are going to subpoena those individuals , ” said Rep. Jim Jordan ( R-Ohio ) , in an appearance on Fox News ' “ Justice with Judge Jeanine . ”
News of the imminent subpoenas comes amid Fox News publishing a portion of the approximately 10,000 texts messages sent between FBI agent Peter Strzok and lawyer Lisa Page . Among the messages is an exchange revealing Strzok and Page discussed an ‘ insurance policy , ' against a Trump presidency .
The kicker ? Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe may have not only been privy to the conversation , but a part of it .
The discussion took place in their office .
Justice Department official Bruce G. Ohr popped up on House investigator 's radar after it was reported they were demoted over contacts with Fusion GPS , the shady opposition research firm behind the discredit'Trump dossier . ' Fox News ‘ James Rosen and Jake Gibson reported the wife Bruce G. Ohr worked for the opposition research firm during the 2016 presidential election .
Legislation giving U.S. government investigators broader authority to audit the Federal Reserve could erode confidence in the central bank 's independence and ability to conduct monetary policy , a top Fed official will tell lawmakers Friday .
Fed General Counsel Scott Alvarez , in testimony prepared for a Friday hearing , said legislation in the U.S. House of Representatives giving the Government Accountability Office greater leeway to examine the central bank could have a detrimental effect .
“ These concerns likely would increase inflation fears and market interest rates and , ultimately , damage economic stability and job creation , ” Alvarez said in the prepared remarks for the House Financial Services Committee hearing .
In addition to potentially undermining public and investor confidence in the Fed 's setting of monetary policy , Alvarez said the legislation could hurt the U.S. government 's relationships with other countries .
“ Foreign central banks and governments likely would be less willing to engage in financial transactions with the Federal Reserve if these transactions were subject to policy review by the GAO , ” they said .
The comments are in response to the growing support in the House of Representatives for legislation authored by Rep. Ron Paul ( R. , Texas ) , granting the GAO greater audit authority over the central bank . The legislation currently has 294 cosponors in the House from both sides of the aisle , as lawmakers are increasingly wary of the Fed 's actions during the financial crisis .
The Pirate Bay faces three separate legal challenges this holiday season , though site administrators tell Ars that they 're not worried by any of the pending cases . A Swedish prosecutor wants to take down the site , though , and Prince has set their lawyers on the same task . We spoke with The Pirate Bay about what 's in store for them in the new year .
Most pressing , perhaps , is the news that a Swedish prosecutor soon plans to press charges against the popular BitTorrent search engine . The charges will be filed before January 31 , 2008 , by prosecutor Håkan Roswall .
Roswall told IDG Sweden that the parties behind The Pirate Bay are being accused of facilitating copyright infringement . They have already named two parties—Peter Sunde , spokesperson and administrator for The Pirate Bay , as well as Carl Lundström , a famed political extremist in Sweden—but the remainder of those involved with the charges have yet to be named . Lundström 's connection to The Pirate Bay is loose at best ; their hosting company once offered bandwidth to The Pirate Bay in the past , but as TorrentFreak points out , this was likely due to a Pirate Bay founder having once worked there .
The Pirate Bay is n't exactly quaking in its boots . The group has already stated it does n't believe that anything will come of Roswall 's legal threat and that it plans to stick around for a long time . That 's partially because over a year after Swedish police raided the site and confiscated a number of its servers , authorities still have nothing to show for it .
Peter Sunde , one of The Pirate Bay administrators , says that he 's been expecting the charges for some time . `` I 'm quite confident we 're gon na win and I was expecting this to happen , '' they tell Ars . `` Roswall is also a very biased man , so I 'm glad to take it to court instead of letting them dig around my personal life for no apparent reason . Actually , it 's kinda funny . ''
Pirate Bay admins continue to insist that the site does not host any content , legal or illegal—it merely acts as a search engine for others to find torrent files .
This is , of course , only the latest of the The Pirate Bay-related legal news for the season . Earlier this month , Prince began to make good on their promise to go after sites that allegedly host or make it easy to find unauthorized copies of their music , including The Pirate Bay and YouTube . The artist has reportedly hired the services of Web Sheriff to help with their lawsuits ; Web Sheriff president John Giacobbi told CNet last week that Prince plans to go after The Pirate Bay 's advertisers as well as the site itself , since The Pirate Bay allegedly earns some $ 70,000 per month in advertising revenue .
As we learned last week , that pressure has already started to be applied , though Sunde says that it has been largely unsuccessful to date .
Finally , the battle is still brewing between The Pirate Bay and the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry over the alleged hijacking of ifpi.com . The UK-based organization is not happy that its old domain has fallen into the possession of The Pirate Bay and has initiated a complaint with the World Intellectual Property Organization ( WIPO ) in hopes of getting it back .
Sunde expressed concern at WIPO 's ability to resolve the conflict fairly , since the organization is a cooperating partner with the IFPI . `` I 'm quite sure it will not be a fair arbitration . IFPI and WIPO are in cooperation with each other ( just look at WIPO 's homepage where they say they work close together with , for instance , IFPI ) , '' they say .
However , IFPI spokesperson Alex Jacob has told Ars that this should not be a concern , as the WIPO `` appoints an arbitrator from a list of outside lawyers/professors not employed by WIPO . ''
Between being stalked by investigators taking pictures from cars , trying to purchase its own island , and taking control of the ifpi.com domain name , it 's been an eventful year for The Pirate Bay . 2008 promises to be just as interesting .
“ Did the FBI ignore , or even abet , a plot to assassinate Occupy Houston leaders ? ” asks investigative reporter Dave Lindorff at WhoWhatWhy . “ What did the Feds know ? Whom did they warn ? And what did the Houston Police know ? ”
Freedom of Information Act request filed by the Washington , D.C.-based Partnership for Civil Justice Fund yielded an FBI document containing knowledge of a plot by an unnamed group or individual to kill “ leaders ” of the Houston chapter of the nonviolent Occupy Wall Street movement .
Here 's what the document said , according to WhoWhatWhy :
An identified [ DELETED ] as of October planned to engage in sniper attacks against protestors ( sic ) in Houston , Texas if deemed necessary . An identified [ DELETED ] had received intelligence that indicated the protesters in New York and Seattle planned similar protests in Houston , Dallas , San Antonio and Austin , Texas . [ DELETED ] planned to gather intelligence against the leaders of the protest groups and obtain photographs , then formulate a plan to kill the leadership via suppressed sniper rifles . ( Note : protests continued throughout the weekend with approximately 6000 persons in NYC . ‘ Occupy Wall Street ' protests have spread to about half of all states in the US , over a dozen European and Asian cities , including protests in Cleveland ( 10/6-8/11 ) at Willard Park which was initially attended by hundreds of protesters . )
Paul Kennedy of the National Lawyers Guild in Houston and an attorney for a number of Occupy Houston activists arrested during the protests said they did not hear of the sniper plot and expressed discontent with the FBI 's failure to share knowledge of the plan with the public . They believed that the bureau would have acted if a “ right-wing group ” plotted the assassinations , implying that the plan could have originated with law enforcement .
“ [ I ] f it is something law enforcement was planning , ” Kennedy said , “ then nothing would have been done . It might seem hard to believe that a law enforcement agency would do such a thing , but I would n't put it past them . ”
They added that the phrase “ if deemed necessary , ” which appeared in the bureau 's report , further suggests the possibility that some kind of official organization was involved in the plan .
Texas law officials have a history of extreme and inappropriate violence . “ Last October , ” Lindorff writes , “ a border patrol officer with the Texas Department of Public Safety , riding in a helicopter , used a sniper rifle to fire at a fast-moving pickup truck carrying nine illegal immigrants into the state from Mexico , killing two and wounding a third , and causing the vehicle to crash and overturn . ”
Kennedy has seen law enforcement forces attempt to secretly entrap Occupy activists and disrupt their activities in the city . They represented seven people who were charged with felonies stemming from a protest whose organizing group had been infiltrated by undercover officers from the Austin Police department . The felony charges were dropped when police involvement with a crucial part of that action was discovered .
A second document obtained in the same FOIA request suggested the assassination plans might be on the plotters ' back burner in case Occupy re-emerges in the area .
When WhoWhatWhy sent an inquiry to FBI headquarters in Washington , officials confirmed that the first document is genuine and that it originated in the Houston FBI office . Asked why solid evidence of a plot never led to exposure of the perpetrators ' identity or arrest , Paul Bresson , head of the FBI media office , deflected the question . According to WHoWhatWhy , they said :
The FOIA documents that you reference are redacted in several places pursuant to FOIA and privacy laws that govern the release of such information so therefore I am unable to help fill in the blanks that you are seeking . Exemptions are cited in each place where a redaction is made . As far as the question about the murder plot , I am unable to comment further , but rest assured if the FBI was aware of credible and specific information involving a murder plot , law enforcement would have responded with appropriate action .
Lindorff wants us to note that “ the privacy being ‘ protected ' in this instance ( by a government that we now know has so little respect for our privacy ) was of someone or some organization that was actively contemplating violating other people 's Constitutional rights — by murdering them. ” They say “ [ t ] hat should leave us less than confident about Bresson 's assertion that law enforcement would have responded appropriately to a ‘ credible ' threat . ”
When the Houston Police department was asked about its knowledge of the plot , public affairs officer Keith Smith said it “ had n't heard about it ” and directed future questions to the Houston FBI office .
The obvious question to ask in attempting to determine the identities of the planners is this : Who has sniper training ? A number of Texas law enforcement organizations received special training from Dallas-based mercenary company Craft International , which has a contract for training services with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . The company was founded by a celebrated Army sniper who was killed by a combat veteran they accompanied to a shooting range .
Remington Alessi , an Occupy Houston activist who played a prominent role in the protests and hails from a law enforcement family , agrees with attorney Kennedy that the plot likely did not originate with a right-wing group . “ If it had been that , the FBI would have acted on it , ” they said . “ I believe the sniper attack was one strategy being discussed for dealing with the occupation . ”
The grotesque irony here , Lindoff writes , is that “ while the Occupy Movement was actually peaceful , the FBI , at best , was simply standing aside while some organization plotted to assassinate the movement 's prominent activists . ”
Lindorff concludes : “ The FBI 's stonewalling response to inquiries about this story , and the agency 's evident failure to take any action regarding a known deadly threat to Occupy protesters in Houston , will likely make protesters at future demonstrations look differently at the sniper-rifle equipped law-enforcement personnel often seen on rooftops during such events . What are they there for ? Who are the threats they are looking for and potentially targeting ? Who are they protecting ? And are they using ‘ suppressed ' sniper rifles ? Would this indicate they have no plans to take responsibility for any shots silently fired ? Or that they plan to frame someone else ? ”
— Posted by Alexander Reed Kelly .
Editor 's note : A paragraph reporting the killing of undocumented immigrants by Texas border patrol officers in October 2012 was added after the initial publication of this piece .
Highlights
Approximately 230 SLOC ( source lines of code )
No dependencies
The Why
A classic way of improving the readability of a table with lots of rows is to set slightly different background colors for alternating rows . This all works nicely when you 're in control of the content that lives inside a row but what happens when the row has to show a thumbnail in one of its cells ?
That looks a bit off .
If there are only 3 different images and our prototype hard-codes the links to them then there 's an easy solution : go into Photoshop and delete the backgrounds . But what if we did n't know where the images came from and if their format even supports transparency ? JPEG , for instance , does n't save transparency data .
We ca n't just go into Photoshop and manually delete the backgrounds ourselves , especially if there are potentially 2000 different images and they are served off a site we lack full access to . It was such an obvious UX issue to us that we felt it was something that had to be addressed immediately .
We thought it such a common problem people would 've run into that there must already be a solution someone else wrote , right ?
“ I suppose it is tempting , if the only tool you have is a hammer , to treat everything as if it were a nail . ”
— Abraham Maslow , The Psychology of Science , 1966
If we could do it client-side , it would be an easy win for UX , rather than chase the image providers down and getting them to change every single image we could possibly use in this way . The only snagging point we could see was Cross-Origin Resource Sharing ( CORS ) headers . These are settings which control how a web browser uses images that come from a different domain than the page requesting the image ( index.html on thisplace.com vs cheese.jpg on wikimedia.org ) . As long as the domain hosting the image ( wikimedia.org ) has correctly setup CORS header on images ( which is to say it 's enabled for thisplace.com ) , it should n't be a big deal .
StackOverflow threads were our first legit results in our quest to find an existing solution to this problem . This one was especially relevant to the task of manipulating image data client-side . It 's pretty clear the end result should be a canvas tag that has the same image content as the original only with the background color removed .
The scope of the solution was clear now : create a one off , single purpose micro-library , using the code from the StackOverflow answer as a starting point . The background color has to be deleted , the resulting element should behave like a regular image element as much as possible ( in-line element , easy to style with CSS and retain the ability for users to save that image ) . We 'd also want to stick it in a micro-library module ( that is CommonJS , AMD and plain < script > tag compatible ) because we do n't mind how it 's used as long as it 's helpful to someone later .
We could n't find any existing libraries that worked like this , which is why we wrote our own .
Diamond in the rough
This naive method had a problem though . There could be many false positives inside the image of a shiny item since the code was using a high pass filter on all the pixels .
The solution to this was to add a flood-fill method that works like the magic wand in Photoshop and replaces all the pixels starting from X:0 , Y:0 . The flood-fill method worked like a charm .
Implementation-wise , the library uses no bleeding-edge APIs or features . The only thing we needed to do was shim Function.bind ( ) ( an issue well known with PhantomJS < 2 ) for our screenshot image diff tests .
Going further , we wanted to gauge how well either of these methods performed across browsers and devices . We wrote a jsPerf test case : this actually showed us something we did n't expect but made perfect sense . The simpler high pass filter method of translucifying images was slower than the flood-fill method by a factor of more than 10 !
The takeaway from this exercise was an immediate change to remove the high-pass method from the code since it was both slower and less useful .
You can find translucify on npm and on GitHub .
NRL chief executive Todd Greenberg says the game 's crowd numbers in Sydney are aligned to the quality of stadia and is adamant the only way they can go through the roof is with the transformation of ANZ Stadium into a world-class , purpose-built rectangular venue .
Greenberg was stunned last week after being told in a meeting with Premier Gladys Berejiklian that there was no guarantee of a knockdown and rebuild of ANZ as part of the government 's $ 1.6 billion stadia strategy .
The NRL is opposed to a cheaper alternative , a modification of the Sydney Olympic Park venue , which would bring the lower bowl closer to the field but leave the upper tier as is .
Greenberg 's desire is for a new 70,000-seat stadium on the ANZ site to accompany the 30,000-capacity venue being built at Parramatta and due to open in 2019 , with Allianz Stadium to be refurbished as well if possible .
Just remember to have fun
Russians and Americans have different approaches to coaching weightlifting . Part of it is cultural , and part of it stems from weightlifting being a professional sport in Russia , and mostly an amateur sport in the US . In the Russian approach , there is the glum reality that weightlifting is truly hard fucking work . Over the years , I 've seen much less of this sort of attitude within the American weightlifting community .
The Russian Coach .
When Vasily Polovnikov started at the Norwood Training Center , they were coaching multiple groups of 6-8 people . They expected results from all of their athletes and used the coaching methods that were successfully used on them for many years in Russian training camps .
Vasily was stern and demanding , which usually came off as angry and dickish . They had near-impossible demands for each and every one of their athletes and had a specific roadmap for them to follow to get to where every athlete wants to be – the top of the podium .
Within a few months , their athletes started leaving their groups .
All of their athletes wanted to be their best , but many of them tended to look at their weightlifting efforts as recreational . It was something they wanted to feel good about and look forward to in their daily lives .
One time when I was at the gym , I mentioned to one of their lifters that their snatch had looked much better than it did a few weeks earlier . The guy 's face lit up with pride . They came up to me at the end of their workout and thanked me . They said that he 's never received a single compliment from Vasily and that it crushed them to see Vasily 's disappointed look on their face over and over again .
I mentioned this to Vasily , who responded , “ Do n't they want to get better ? What do they want me to do , hug and kiss them when they follow directions ? ” Their larger-than-life stature and heavy Russian accent did n't help them sound any gentler .
The American Coach .
I see the following at nearly every weightlifting competition from far too many American coaches .
As an athlete is about to walk onto the platform at a competition , their coach peps to them , “ Just remember to have fun ! ”
Maybe I do n't have the same definition of “ fun ” as they do , but if an athlete wants to become better , or reach their full potential , there is really little fun in weightlifting .
Coaches who tell their non-beginner athletes to “ just have fun out there ” are either peddling bullshit or trying to sugarcoat self-inflicted torture . Athletes who smile through a lift are either masochist , or they are n't working hard enough .
* * *
I 've had a few great coaches in my athletic career , all of whom have led me to tears . Great coaches expect perfection . When it 's not reached , it 's a disappointment . This is the reality of all competitive sports in all countries . It may be harsh , but it 's an approach that builds the mental toughness and hunger that 's needed to achieve greatness .
Weightlifting was never “ fun ” for me . Achieving far-reaching goals was the part that was actually rewarding and brought long-lasting joy .
Both approaches are extremes and stereotypes , of course . Vasily 's approach made their athletes better , but also scared many of the less-ambitious ones away . Just-remember-to-have-fun coaches do n't push their athletes to reach their full potential but do get them to feel warm and fuzzy enough to stick around ( and continue to pay for training ) . And for some lifters , this approach is best . The coach needs to feel and understand what stimulus the athlete needs to reach their best .
* * *
Since our talk , Vasily has softened their approach to coaching ( just a little bit ) . They still demand the best from all of their athletes , but acknowledges when accomplishments are made , and that although the tough approach works , they are not in a Russian training camp in Siberia and may need a softer touch .
* * *
Want a professional approach to weightlifting ? Check out VasFit
FARMERS whose cows die in the Austrian Alps are resorting to dynamite to destroy the carcasses rather than pay the army £200 to remove the bodies by helicopter .
Under Austrian law , farmers are obliged to dispose of the bodies of dead cattle to prevent them polluting streams and to avoid upsetting tourists . The army used to move carcasses by helicopter from the mountains for free . Tough budget cuts now mean , however , that they are asking farmers to make a £200 contribution for each animal taken away .
Farmers who use dynamite to dispose of their dead cows claim that they clear away the larger pieces of carcass after the explosion , leaving the rest to be devoured by birds and other animals . The practice of blowing up dead animals was little known outside the farming world , until Fritz Amann , the vice-president of Vorarlberg province , discovered the remains of an exploded cow while walking in meadows around their home village .
They said : `` It was disgusting . There were body parts everywhere . Visitors like to think the Austrian hills are alive with the sound of music , not exploding cows . It must be stopped . ''
They took photographs that they presented to the regional parliament . There were angry exchanges but MPs were divided over whether farmers were guilty of breaking the law . Gebhart Halber , a conservative People 's Party MP and an Alpine farmer , explained that blowing up dead cows was commonplace in the mountains , with demolition experts regularly hired to detonate the carcasses .
At £250 each , however , explosives experts were costing more than the army , so many farmers were blowing up their animals themselves . Explosives are easy to come by in Austria and are often used in the mountains for controlled avalanches .
Mr Halber defended the practice , saying that explosives were only used in extreme cases . They said : `` Rather than leaving the cow to rot for days , an explosion can speed up the process , making it easier for birds of prey or other animals such as foxes to drag bits of the carcass away .
`` Many animals die every winter in the mountains and it 's impossible to bury them in frozen ground . Cutting up a cow so that the bits can be carted away is a long and difficult process . ''
Mr Amann , however , condemned the practice as dangerous and alarmingly widespread . `` In one incident I heard of , '' they said , `` a pregnant cow died and was blown up rather than being transported by helicopter . But it was not a clean job and huge pieces , some weighing 100 kilos [ 15 stone ] were scattered everywhere - one chunk even landed in a pool often used for bathing by youngsters . ''
Mr Amann wants farmers caught blowing up dead cows to be fined at least £250 so that the alternative to helicopter disposal no longer saves them money . In their home town of Fraxern , where Mr Amann first discovered the practice , they have little support , however .
The local mayor , Josef Summer , backed the farmers . Explosives , they said , were practical and cheap . `` If farmers can explode the cadaver themselves it really is less expensive and in my opinion totally safe and practical when properly controlled . ''
Mr Summer said they had sanctioned an explosion themselves after a cow was killed in a storm . They said that when three farmworkers were unable to remove the body from the mountainside local vets advised the farmer to hire an explosives expert . Dynamite was placed inside the dead beast and the subsequent detonation posed no danger to either people or the local water source .
`` This really was an emergency situation - and was totally legal . It was impossible to pull the dead cow down the mountain because it was stuck on a narrow path , which was even inaccessible to helicopters . The cow exploded into tiny pieces and birds of prey and animals cleared the debris within a day . ''
Professor Robin Dunbar is best known for their work related to how many stable social relationships the human brain can manage . In earlier research , they argued that the optimal number of active relationships is 150 -- now famously known as the `` Dunbar Number . ''
Dunbar is once again delving into the brain 's social capacity , but this time he 's focused on the size of the orbital prefrontal cortex ( aka , the frontal lobe ) , the part of the brain involved in high-level thinking that sits just above our eyes . Dunbar and collegues have found that the size of this brain area correlates with the number of friendships a person is capable of managing .
The study suggests that we need to employ a set of cognitive skills to maintain a large number of friends , known in psychology circles as `` mentalizing '' or `` mind-reading '' -- an ability to understand what another person is thinking , which is crucial to our ability to handle our complex social world , including the ability to hold conversations with one another .
According to Professor Dunbar , as reported by Science Daily , ' '' Mentalizing '' is where one individual is able to follow a natural hierarchy involving other individuals ' mind states . For example , in the play 'Othello ' , Shakespeare manages to keep track of five separate mental states : they intended that their audience believes that Iago wants Othello to suppose that Desdemona loves Cassio . Being able to maintain five separate individuals ' mental states is the natural upper limit for most adults . ''
The researchers took brain scans of 40 volunteers to measure the size of the prefrontal cortex . Participants were then asked to make a list of everyone they had had social ( not professional ) contact with over the previous seven days . They also took a test to determine their competency in mentalizing .
Dunbar adds , `` We found that individuals who had more friends did better on mentalizing tasks and had more neural volume in the orbital frontal cortex . Understanding this link between an individual 's brain size and the number of friends they have helps us understand the mechanisms that have led to humans developing bigger brains than other primate species . The frontal lobes of the brain , in particular , have enlarged dramatically in humans over the last half million years . ''
The study was published in The Proceedings of the Royal Academy of Biological Sciences .
www.daviddisalvo.org
THE SPEAKER OF the Egyptian parliament has reportedly accused Ibrahim Halawa of assaulting police , disrupting roads and endangering the safety of citizens .
BBC News reports that Ali Abdul Aal made the claims on Sunday and claimed that the Irish Government 's call for their release amounts to an interference in the Egyptian judicial system .
Taoiseach Enda Kenny last month said that they had spoken to Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and requested that they be released by presidential decree .
Such a decree is issued by the Egyptian president and allows foreign prisoners continue their detention in their home country . The decree was issued in the case of Australian journalist Peter Greste who was held by Egyptian authorities before being released .
The weekend 's tough statement from the Egyptian speaker would appear to be an attempt to dissuade the Egyptian President from issuing the decree in the case of the 20-year-old Dubliner .
In their speech , the speaker also accused Halawa of being a member of the Muslim Brotherhood , a claim denied by their family .
Halawa has now been held for a total of 1,098 days without trial after being arrested during a demonstration in Cairo in support of the Muslim Brotherhood .
The Muslim Brotherhood had been ousted from power by the Egyptian military after winning both parliamentary and presidential elections .
Danah Mahmoud Mansour from UK/Palestine joins Protesters outside the Egyption Embassy in Dublin . Source : Sam Boal/Rollingnews.ie
Speaking this evening on RTÉ 's Drivetime programme , Halawa 's solicitor Darragh Mackin says the request by the Irish Government that they be released by decree is a wholly legitimate instrument and as such is not an interference in the Egyptian judiciary .
Mackin also says that there has been no evidence presented for the charges of which they are accused of .
“ What is to come is to be the most pivotal period for Ibrahim 's release , ” Mackin says .
What Ibrahim is about to embark on is an official request for their release and deportation , and it 's at that time that we would be seeking the Irish Government to put forward all efforts to secure their immediate release .
Mackin acknowledges that the application made to the Egyptian authorities is “ controversial ” .
It comes as a controversial application and I do n't shy away from that . Time is everything and we now enter the most pivotal time , and it 's regrettable that we do enter that time on the back of such a disheartening statement from the Egyptian House of Representatives .
Mackin says that the decision to release Halawa by presidential decree is one for the president to make and as such the Irish Government should seek to exert diplomatic pressure .
As Democrats prepare for their party 's first primary debate , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders leads former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton among Democrats who say they are planning on watching the Oct. 13 event , according to a poll conducted by Google Consumer Surveys for IJ.com .
Sanders leads with 38.4 percent over Clinton , who is in within the margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points with 37.6 percent . Vice President Biden , who is expected to announce whether or not they will enter the 2016 fray this week , came in third at 14.1 percent .
( Screenshot : IJ.com )
Though they have ruled out a run , Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren garners 5.3 percent , followed by Jim Webb and Martin O'Malley at 1.6 percent each , and Lincoln Chafee at 1.3 percent .
Sanders has a similar lead over Clinton among men , 38.1 percent to 34.6 percent . But he 's struggling with women , and trails Clinton 's 41.8 percent with 39.5 percent .
Despite the uptick in support for Biden , Sanders is not the candidate Democrats predict wins their party 's nomination . Nearly six in 10 ( 56.9 percent ) say Clinton will win the Democratic nomination , followed by Sanders at 23.3 percent and Joe Biden at 14.9 percent .
( Screenshot : IJ.com )
The survey of roughly 1,000 Democratic voters was conducted Sept. 30 .
There 's a good , long post over at the League of Ordinary Gentlemen * about civilization , tolerance , and freedom of speech as a right vs. freedom of speech as a principle . It 's all worth reading , but I want to briefly highlight that last bit as it dovetails nicely with my hobby horse , the politicized life . Vikram Bath highlights that extremely popular but vaguely chilling XKCD comic that implicitly endorsed silencing people the majority disagrees with . Here 's Bath :
I hate this comic . It views `` the right to free speech '' as a legal requirement to be regrettably complied with . It places no value on free speech as a matter of principle . Just because the first amendment to free speech speaks only of the government does not mean that the rest of us should feel free to shout down ( youtube ) those we do n't agree with . Yes , I know you think your opponents are assholes and that you are simply using your own free speech to prevent them from speaking , but that actually makes you at least as much of an asshole as them . Retract those claws . I think part of the reason Randall drew this comic was a sense of their side winning in the marketplace of ideas . The most recent boycotts seem to be of bigots and other unsympathetic characters . Munroe is n't thinking about the McCarthy-era blacklists that were simply private boycotts of workers holding legally protected but worse-than-assholish political beliefs . Are these the norms of private behavior we wish to emulate and carry into the future ?
As I noted when Chris Kluwe called on people to steal ( or perhaps borrow ) Ender 's Game because purchasing the book would put a few pennies in the pocket of a person they disagreed with , no one 's saying you do n't have the right to engage in a boycott . No one 's saying you should be forced to do anything you want to do and no one 's saying that your refusal to purchase a copy of a book is a violation of an author 's First Amendment rights . What I am saying is that your politicization of every facet of the public sphere makes you kind of dick and leads to a coarsening of society . And , as Bath notes , it shows that your commitment to the liberal order—to the marketplace of ideas , to very basic pillars of civilization on which our silly little band of super-smart apes relies—is tenuous , at best .
Those who live the politicized life want us to treat freedom of speech as something to be tolerated legally and worked around socially rather than a fundamental belief . This is n't to say every fringe belief should be indulged—9/11 was not an inside job ; blacks were not better off as chattel—but on issues where there is legitimate debate and a sizable portion of the populace on either side of the argument ? Maybe you should think twice before you try to destroy someone 's livelihood . As a society we 're better off not waging perpetual war against everyone with whom we disagree .
* I always forget that they 've renamed themselves `` Ordinary Times . '' Probably because their new name , while more politically acceptable to the whinging cohort , is remarkably dull . In honor of better times I will continue to refer to the site by its previous , better name .
Review
Apple unveiled the latest incarnation of its hot-selling MacBook Air lineup at WWDC 2013 , taking somewhat of a gamble in concentrating on greatly extended battery life in lieu of a more conventional performance boost . But did that bet pay off ?
Design
Internals
When it was introduced in 2008 , the MacBook Air was viewed as somewhat of a niche product . Paltry battery life , mediocre performance and a hefty price tag forced the ultraportable into a niche category reserved for road warriors who valued portability above all else . The introduction of the 11-inch model in 2010 further muddied the waters , as it came just months after the launch of Apple 's iPad in April However , subsequent updates have made the MacBook Air one of Apple 's most popular computer lines.In 2013 , Apple could have stuck with a normal refresh cycle to release new models with the usual speed and minor battery life buffs . Instead , the company surprised and chose to go all in on endurance.This entire section can be summed up in two words : dual microphones.Apple made zero changes to the Air 's exterior aside from adding a second tiny hole for a two-mic setup similar to the one seen on the pricier MacBook Pro with Retina display . The change is hardly noticeable aesthetically , but makes a world of difference in use . More on that later.Other than that , the 2013 MacBook Air is completely identical to the 2012 model . This is a good thing , as Apple 's ultraportable is one the most impeccably designed and solidly built laptops on the market . The unibody chassis adds incredible torsional rigidity , while the 0.68 inch-to-0.11 inch ( 1.7cm-0.3cm ) taper lends just enough tilt for typing.Weight remains the same as last year 's model at 2.38 pounds , meaning less than one pound separates the 11-inch Air from the 1.46-pound 9.7-inch iPad with Wi-Fi + Cellular.Other niceties carried over from the previous iteration are stereo speakers , a large multitouch trackpad , one Thunderbolt and two USB 3.0 ports , and a `` full-size '' backlit keyboard.As with previous 11-inch MacBook Airs , the letter and number chiclet keys are indeed full size , but the top and bottom rows are more narrow than the 13-inch model . Despite their size , Apple has found a way to make the scissor-type key mechanisms work , with adequate depth and feedback for touch typists.With a winning product design already in place , Apple focused on the internals of its diminutive laptop lineup for 2013 . In such a compact chassis , the company could have conceivably gone one of two routes : greater performance or greater efficiency.After reading the spec sheet , it was clear that Apple was willing to sacrifice all-out speed for extended battery life with Intel 's next-generation Haswell ULT processors . Everything about the platform is tailored to be energy efficient . There is a moderate bump in performance , at least for some versions , but the significant power savings far outweighs the small speed boost.Apple 's standard configuration for the 11-inch MacBook Air comes with a 1.3GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 CPU with Turbo Boost up to 2.6GHz , and 4GB of memory.Our review unit came kitted out with a 1.7GHz dual-core Core i7 CPU with Turbo Boost up to 3.3GHz , and 8GB of LPDDR3 RAM running at 1600MHz . The LPDDR3 memory standard is the latest in low-power tech , offering considerable efficiency improvements compared to the DDR3L RAM found in the last generation Air.As for storage , Apple chose to do something special and switched to PCI Express as a bus for its solid state drives . The 2013 MacBook Air is the first Apple product to ship with PCIe SSDs , in our case a SanDisk component , and is among the first consumer grade computers to use the technology.Apple now offers a 128GB SSD as standard across the MacBook Air line , with 256GB and 512GB options available for the pricier 1.7 GHz 11-inch model.In addition to faster PCIe storage , Apple also bulked up the Air 's battery to a 38Whr package , up from 35Whr last year . Despite the extra juice , the six-cell battery arrangement is still compact enough to fit inside the super thin chassis .
This weekend we found ourselves in the big , blue box that is Ikea , returning some unneeded items ( and not picking up meatballs , before you ask ) . I was initially surprised at the snaking queues , and the depressed-looking teens trailing after nearly-as depressed-looking parents ; their carts piled high with bright rugs , huge frames and angle poise lights . Then I twigged : these kids were getting sorted for the start of the English universities . And you ca n't start uni without the obligatory shuffle around the cavernous temple to flat-pack .
American and Scottish college and uni students are well into their first semester of their academic year , but the English ones are a bit later . My daughter , Rachel , just a few week 's ago started their first year at a Scottish university . Although they are now in the swing of things , it can not be overestimated what a huge and daunting change it all is . They and thousands like them are having to organise their time and money without the benefit of their parent 's on-tap wisdom – and bank account . Decisions – often taken as committee in a family setting ( well in ours at least ) – are also very suddenly theirs alone . If you ever thought having all of your children off to university – or away to a new job – was a blessed relief , I have news for you : your job continues . But from a painful distance . Andrew and I are probably finding it harder than they are , to be honest . We do n't have the distraction of parties and teenage hormones . 🙂
My sister -also with a daughter in first year at uni – told me this morning that they heard that most students first going off to university do n't really settle until about 6 months in . I can believe that . You do n't suddenly take on the mantle of adulthood just because the calendar says it is time to go up to higher education . A good balance of sleep , food , reading , writing , partying ( hmm ) and perhaps paid work is n't automatically bestowed upon matriculation and keys to your dorm room . It takes trial and not a little error . But they get there . They make new friends , meet deadlines and slowly and haltingly start to become the person they were meant to be .
But we , the parent , still have our uses . In my case , I am food ideas lady . Them Dad has the serious job of stress management counsellor , and I am basically the lunch lady . I do however take my job seriously and have been writing up short ideas for them to make up and take with them in their backpack , and prepare at weekends when they fend for themselves . Today 's recipe is not quite a sling in the panniers and eat on the library steps food , but more a weekend supper . I will soon post a version that is perfect for eating between lectures , or cross-legged on the bed , earphones blasting .
When I posted this recipe on Instagram I almost instantly received a string of hearts as their comment . Followed by a phone call pining for my food – and raw , fresh food in particular . Although their halls of residence offers very good grub , it is all cooked – and ‘ suitable for all palates ' shall we say . This dish , with its sour-sweet-savoury raw vegetables , herbs and noodles piled on an open omelet is top of the list for their next visit home . After I tackle their laundry… Lunch lady and laundry lady . Not everything changes . 🙂
Pad Thai Crepes A slight misnomer , as these are n't true crepes . They are in fact whisper-thin omelets , but I did n't think the idea of Pad Thai Omelets quite gave you the correct impression either . So , forgive me for seducing you with the idea of crepes , as this sweet-sour , spicy and savoury marriage of vegetables , brown rice noodles atop golden shallot omelet is pretty damn tasty . And because it has much fewer noodles , and more vegetables , than a ‘ real ' Pad Thai , it 's a bit healthier , too . If you do n't have the brown rice noodles , use buckwheat soba noodles , regular rice noodles , vermicelli or no noodles at all : the tangy , sauce-soaked vegetables may be all the topping you need . And vegans , I have n't forgotten you : swap the omelet for a socca ( chickpea pancake ) or dosa . For both recipes keep the pancakes plain and unflavoured . Handful of raw almonds OR finely chopped roasted almonds or peanuts Pad Thai Sauce 1 tbsp tamarind paste * 1 tbsp tamari sauce , soy sauce or coconut aminos 1 tbsp lime juice 1 ½ tsp maple syrup or date syrup or jaggery A few grinds of fresh black pepper 1 tbsp water 1 carrot 1 small courgette/zucchini/summer squash 3 inch piece of mooli/white radish Handful of radishes ( If you do n't want to use a mooli , just use more radish ) 75g brown rice noodles OR white rice noodles , vermicelli or even spaghetti 1 tbsp ( divided ) coconut oil or rapeseed oil 4 shallots , peeled and thinly sliced ( or 1/2 small onion ) 4 eggs pinch of salt and sugar Handful of baby spinach or other small , soft leaves ( I used chard ) 4 spring onions/scallions , sliced on the diagonal Good handful each of coriander and mint 1 red chilli ( optional ) , sliced Radish sprouts or bean sprouts * increase the lime juice and maple syrup if you do n't have tamarind paste Method 1 . If using whole almonds , roast in a 180C/350F oven for 8 minutes . Cool then tumble into small pieces in a food processor or similar ( or chop very finely ) . Set aside . 2 . Whisk together the Pad Thai sauce ingredients ; set aside . 3 . Take the carrot , courgette and mooli and either use a spiraliser to make noodles , use a julienne peeler , mandoline , or slice very thinly . Slice the radish into thin discs . Set aside . 4 . Cook the rice noodles in plenty of boiling water until just done . Mine were ready in eight minutes . Cool slightly in a sieve then pop the noodles back in the pan and douse with most of the Pad Thai sauce . If using just vegetables , toss the sauce through these . 5 . Now , for the omelet that thinks it is a crepe . Heat a small sauté pan , adding half of the oil . Chuck in half of the sliced shallots and sauté until golden , stirring frequently . Whisk the eggs , adding the seasoning ; pour into the pan , swirling to cover . Let this cook on a low-medium heat until just cooked through – pop on a lid if you like to speed up the cooking . You may like to flash this under a hot grill if your eggs are a bit large or your pan is quite small ( ie , the egg coverage is thick ) . Upend the crepe into a serving plate . Carry on and make the next crepe . 6 . Once the crepes are done , grab half of the saucey noodles and lay them over the crepes , then lay over the vegetables , herbs , spring onion , chillies , chopped almonds and radish sprouts . Pour over any remaining sauce and serve immediately . Party Time : You can make this as a party dish by preparing multiple crepes ( make ahead if you like and gently reheat in a microwave or steamer until barely warm ) , overlapping them on a long platter and covering with an appropriately increased amount of toppings . These are good garnished with stir-fried firm tofu pieces . To make this more authentic , add some dried shrimps too .
Note : I developed this recipe using Clearspring Ltd brown rice noodles , coconut oil and tamari sauce . Although I was given these products ( and a few more too ) to use as I wished , I already use and enjoy many of their products . Clearspring is a privately owned UK company established in the 1980s to distribute great tasting traditional foods that support good health ; promote sustainable agriculture ; and provide economic stability for producer communities . Although ClearspringLtd is known for their quality , organic Japanese products , they are expanding their range to include equally high-quality European foods . Click here for a full list of their products , as well as recipes and stockists . I spotted this page on their Environmental Standards that you may be interested to read : it looks a great template for any small or large business .
Like this : Like Loading ...
The Government is making good on its promise of boosting student loans and allowances by $ 50 from the start of next year .
Tertiary students will be $ 50 better off a week from the start of next year .
From January 1 , 2018 , student allowance base rates and the maximum amount students can borrow for living costs will rise by a net $ 50 a week .
Where the allowance rate reflected the living costs of two adults , the increase would be $ 100 net a week .
How did your student loan affect you ? Share your stories , photos and videos . Contribute
This was part of the Government 's 100-day plan .
READ MORE :
* Cabinet approves fast-track of free tertiary study and student allowance boost
* Labour 's promises first year of tertiary education will be free for students starting in 2018
* Big boost for education , tertiary study as Labour unveils spending plan
Education Minister Chris Hipkins said that meant 130,000 students would be $ 50 better off a week .
PHIL WALTER/GETTY IMAGES This announcement will be followed by another with details on the first year fees-free education , which is also due to take effect from January 1 .
Allowance payments for single students aged under 24 and living away from home , for example , would rise from $ 177.03 to $ 227.03 .
The maximum amount that students could borrow would rise from $ 178.81 to $ 228.81 .
Hipkins said no change was being made to eligibility rules for student allowances or loans .
`` We have heard the concerns of students and their families who have told us cost is a real barrier to taking on tertiary study .
`` Improving affordability and access to tertiary education and training will improve opportunities both for our young people and for adult learners who have previously been deterred from taking on tertiary study and training because of cost , '' they said .
Student allowance rates and loan living costs maximum would be further adjusted from April 1 , 2018 , in line with any increase in the consumer price index ( CPI ) .
The Accommodation Benefit was also scheduled to rise by $ 20 a week in 2018 , to a maximum of $ 60 a week .
Hipkins said the Government was also on track to deliver the first year of fees-free education and training from the start of next year .
`` Final decisions are being worked through , and students can rest assured that the first year of fees-free study will kick in next year and they should plan accordingly . ''
Hipkins said they expected to be able to make an announcement relating to the Government 's fees-free promise soon .
The changes for 2018 were the first step in the process , as the Government rolled out a full programme of three years of fees-free tertiary education for New Zealanders by 2024 alongside better support for living costs , they said .
POTENTIAL 'UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES '
National tertiary education spokesperson Paul Goldsmith said Labour 's big education plans could have `` unintended consequences '' , including lowering the qualification completion rate and putting pressure on some institutions .
They said they believed the Government 's fees-free policy should have been targeted at those with the greatest financial difficulties , rather than a blanket policy .
The haste meant there was n't enough time to gather all the evidence , they said , adding that it was still unclear how many people were avoiding higher education due to the cost .
Goldsmith also raised the issue of whether Australians qualified for the free fees , given under the trans-Tasman relationship Australians currently have access to domestic rates , not international ones like other countries .
Hipkins said Australians would continue to be able to pay domestic fees but would n't qualify for the free component .
`` There are effectively two buckets of support . One applies to Australians who come to New Zealand from the time they arrive , the other applies to all residents and that includes interest-free student loans , student allowances and a number of other forms of student support .
`` We are putting the three years free in the second bucket , not the first . ''
Goldsmith said there was an element of unfairness to the policy , which could breed a sense of bitterness in students who had just left study with a big student loan .
As for the allowance boost , there were many struggling New Zealanders who would have welcomed a 28 per cent rise in their weekly income , they said .
HOW MUCH WILL THIS COST ?
Labour 's pre-election costings , which were verified by BERL , put the cost of the policy at $ 340m per year , along with $ 270m per year for the boosts to student support .
It plans to release the up-to-date costing of the plan next week .
`` This is n't Labour 's money , it 's the public 's money . And the public is entitled to know what the new Government is spending in its name , '' National finance spokesperson Steven Joyce said .
The Minister of Finance needed to release the full coalition costings for all the Government 's policies , Joyce said , adding that ministers should release policy costings when new policies were announced .
BIG NEWS FOR STUDENTS
New Zealand Union of Students ' Associations ( NZUSA ) national president Jonathan Gee said this was `` big news for students '' .
`` The boost will be the first substantial increase to student support in over a decade , '' they said .
NZUSA 's 2017 Income and Expenditure Report found median student spending was $ 300.28 a week .
Most of this spending went towards rising rent prices , followed by food and other living expenses , Gee said .
`` All we 've been asking for is enough to live on .
`` A $ 50 increase will mean that current students can focus more on their academic success rather than economic survival . It will also provide an added incentive for prospective students who have been deterred from tertiary study due to high costs . ''
This should not be a signal to landlords to raise rents , they said .
`` The boost does not mean that students will have more disposable income . The $ 50 increase means that students will have a bit more left for food after paying their rent . ''
Student debt has surpassed $ 15 billion in New Zealand .
World wealth has reached a record $ 263 trillion but is concentrated in fewer hands . The richest 1 percent have accumulated more wealth , and own almost 50 percent of it , which could trigger recession , according to a new report by Credit Suisse .
The Credit Suisse Global Wealth Report , released Tuesday warns that the “ abnormally high wealth income ratios ” may spark a recession , as high disparity leads to economic friction .
Global wealth has grown to a record $ 263 trillion in mid-2014 , $ 20.1 trillion more , and an 8.3 percent increase , over mid-2013 . Household wealth has more than doubled since 2000 , when the same report calculated it at $ 117 trillion .
Leading the money trail is the United States , dubbed 'Land of Fortunes ' by the report , which again boasts the highest average wealth . It is home to 34.7 percent ( $ 91 trillion ) of global wealth . Europe 's portion comes in a close second with 32.4 percent , followed by India and China 's 23.7 percent share , and then the 18.9 percent concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region .
North America has the highest average wealth and is also the world 's leader in GDP , which the report estimates grew by $ 12.9 billion in 2013 .
Wealth in the US and Europe was driven by a rather spectacular year on the stock exchanges . Since the financial crisis of 2008 , the US has added $ 31.5 trillion in household wealth . In the last year alone the stock market increased in value by 22.6 percent .
Germany , Canada , and France all experienced huge spurts in capital markets , gaining more than 30 percent .
Much of the world 's “ new money ” is coming from China and developing nations . Between 2000 and 2014 , emerging markets accounted for 11.4 percent of wealth .
“ As we noted last year , Asia and particularly China will account for the largest portion of newly created wealth among the emerging markets , ” the report says .
Other emerging players on the international scene , according to Credit Suisse , are Russia , Brazil , India , Indonesia , South Africa , and Turkey .
The conclusion of the report offers predictions for 2019 , where the authors suggest global wealth will grow by 40 percent and reach $ 369 trillion , but emerging markets will account for 26 percent , more than double what they do now .
The number of millionaires worldwide is projected to blossom from 35 million today to 53 million in 2019 .
President Trump early Thursday said they made no deal with Democrats to protect young immigrants , pushing back on a statement by the party 's leaders .
“ No deal was made last night on DACA , ” they said on Twitter , referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program .
“ Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent . Would be subject to vote , ” they added .
No deal was made last night on DACA . Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent . Would be subject to vote . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) September 14 , 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The WALL , which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls , will continue to be built , ” they said in another tweet .
The WALL , which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls , will continue to be built . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) September 14 , 2017
After a dinner at the White House Wednesday evening , Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles ( Chuck ) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid : ' I do n't see anything ' Trump is doing right MORE ( D-N.Y. ) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-Calif. ) said Trump agreed to work toward a deal that would protect young undocumented immigrants from deportation in exchange for new border security measures .
“ We had a very productive meeting at the White House with the president , ” Schumer and Pelosi said in a statement . “ We agreed to enshrine the protections of DACA into law quickly , and to work out a package of border security , excluding the wall , that 's acceptable to both sides . ”
The White House rejected that statement almost immediately , telling The Hill in an email that while border security and DACA were discussed , the president did n't agree to exclude funding for the border wall from the package .
“ While DACA and border security were both discussed , excluding the wall was certainly not agreed to , ” White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said .
An earlier statement from the White House called the dinner “ constructive ” and said the conversations centered on “ tax reform , border security , DACA , infrastructure and trade . ”
— John Bowden contributed to this report , which was updated at 7:14 a.m .
Our technology app is now public .
Ivan Throne and DARK TRIAD MAN® are pleased and proud to announce that the Safe Streets Project has gone live with the VIOLENT.SOLUTIONS technology engine ! The application is available for you to register and submit reports at the following link :
https : //app.safestreetsproject.org
Today is May Day , the major Communist holiday . Antifa and Black Bloc terrorists are planning public demonstrations and gatherings around the United States . Be aware , be vigilant , be careful , and be sure you 're equipped with new app from the Safe Streets Project .
Download , print and publicize the Declarations .
Antifa and Black Bloc terrorists are known for putting up hostile and threatening propaganda posters in public spaces , declaring ownership of those spaces and promising violent crime against any who dare to engage in free speech .
The Safe Streets Project has released both color and black and white versions of the Declaration , designed to be posted in public areas where free speech is under assault by those who wear masks and attack decent men and women for daring to speak their conscience .
Print them out and put them up as warning to Antifa and Black Bloc terrorists that they can not escape justice .
They are already pleading guilty to felony riot charges that carry heavy prison sentences .
Help the Safe Streets Project catch the rest for rendition to law enforcement .
If you are media , download our press sheet .
Share this Post
The most prominent Antifa site has spotted the danger the Safe Streets Project presents to their momentum .
It 's Going Down has an article in which it calls the Safe Streets Project a unique threat to Antifa in the United States . In that same article it exhorts the Antifa and Black Bloc to more violent terrorism against law enforcement :
“ There is no plausible route forward that does not include , not just resisting , but actively opposing the efforts of the police [ emphasis added ] . Not only are they vocally supported by the regime , but the very authority with which they simultaneously abet the alt-right while restraining social movements is granted by the state itself . Their monopoly on violence , their access to military equipment , their communication with intelligence agencies , and their carte blanche regarding brutality are symptomatic of their ultimate function : maintaining the status quo . ”
Violent terrorism is infecting the streets of the United States by those who refuse to accept the right of decent men and women to have individual opinions . Young women and elderly men are pepper sprayed from ambush . Men are murderously attacked with bike locks by masked cowards who slip back into the crowd after wounding and drawing blood .
Antifa and Black Bloc plot acid attacks , provoke stabbings and throw explosives . Intelligence now shows they are conducting live fire weapons training , a grave and serious escalation of ugly criminal intent .
The Safe Streets Project is your serious ally in these frightening times .
We 're taking free speech back from murderous armed insurgents and returning it to you . We do the heavy lifting of building , scaling and sustaining the platform . We manage the terrible work of wading through ongoing death threats , the hacking attacks , the dangerous and complex effort of infiltrating Antifa cells and compromising their leadership and plans .
Antifa will be cleansed from the streets of the United States by the work of the Safe Streets Project .
We ask only that you lift up your phone , capture what you see , and use it safely to help us succeed .
Your smartphone becomes an integral tool of justice that builds success upon success for all of us .
I am Ivan Throne . I am the Dark Triad Man . I tell you that loners die , and armies win victories .
Come join us . We 're taking back free speech .
Draw that phone , and do your part .
Regards ,
CR-V is best-selling SUV in America over the past 20 years 1
Winner of J.D . Power `` 2017 U.S. APEAL Study Award ''
Recognized as `` 2017 Best New Car for Teens '' by U.S. News & World Report
The 2018 Honda CR-V , America 's best-selling SUV over the past 20 years1 , went on sale today at dealerships nationwide . The 2018 model year CR-V starts at a Manufacturer 's Suggested Retail Price ( MSRP ) of $ 24,1502 for the LX ( 2WD ) with the range-topping Touring ( AWD ) at $ 34,0502 . With its premium design , big versatility and fun-to-drive persona , CR-V has collected numerous accolades including the J.D . Power `` 2017 U.S. APEAL Study Award '' , the `` 2017 Best New Car for Teens '' by U.S. News & World Report and earned the `` Must Test Drive '' Award by Autotrader .
2018 CR-V Trims , MSRP & EPA Data
TRIM TRANSMISSION MSRP2 EPA Fuel Economy Ratings3
( city / highway/ combined ) CR-V 2.4 LX ( 2WD ) CVT $ 24,150 26/32/28 CR-V 2.4 LX ( AWD ) CVT $ 25,550 25/31/27 CR-V 1.5T EX ( 2WD ) CVT $ 26,950 28/34/30 CR-V 1.5T EX ( AWD ) CVT $ 28,350 27/33/29 CR-V 1.5T EX-L ( 2WD ) CVT $ 29,450 28/34/30 CR-V 1.5T EX-L ( AWD ) CVT $ 30,850 27/33/29 CR-V 1.5T EX-L with Navi ( 2WD ) CVT $ 30,450 28/34/30 CR-V 1.5T EX-L with Navi ( AWD ) CVT $ 31,850 27/33/29 CR-V 1.5T Touring ( 2WD ) CVT $ 32,650 28/34/30 CR-V 1.5T Touring ( AWD ) CVT $ 34,050 27/33/29
Similar to the other vehicles in the Honda line-up , the 2018 Honda CR-V provides drivers with premium features for a more convenient and comfortable in-vehicle connectivity experience . Available premium features include Apple CarPlay™ and Android Auto™ compatibility , SiriusXM® , HD Radio™ and Pandora® capabilities .
Powertrain and Chassis Technology
All new in 2017 , the 2018 CR-V returns with a responsive and fuel efficient 1.5-liter DOHC direct-injected and turbocharged in-line 4-cylinder engine rated at 190 peak horsepower ( SAE net ) , available in EX and higher trims . Paired with the intelligently tuned continuously variable transmission ( CVT ) with Honda G-Shift control logic , 1.5-liter front-drive CR-Vs garner the highest EPA fuel economy ratings in the compact SUV class . A 2.4-liter DOHC , direct-injected in-line 4-cylinder i-VTEC engine with 184 peak horsepower ( SAE net ) , also backed by the CVT , powers LX trims .
Designed and tuned to be fun-to-drive , yet quiet and comfortable , CR-V 's sophisticated chassis features a MacPherson strut front suspension , multi-link rear suspension with floating subframe , dual-pinion variable-ratio electric power steering , fluid-filled suspension compliance bushings , front and rear stabilizer bars and more . Backed by a rigid yet light body structure , the CR-V makes short work of twisty country roads , broken urban streets and everything in between .
Premium , Spacious and Technologically Advanced Interior
The 2018 CR-V sets the bar for interior refinement , utility and premium features in the compact SUV class . It 's spacious cabin , with the best rear seat legroom in its class and large , flexible cargo area , features upgraded materials throughout , including a soft-touch instrument panel and intricately stitched seats . Additionally , it offers the latest in-vehicle connectivity and audio performance with a host of advanced technologies . Available features include a 7-inch touchscreen Display Audio interface with Android operating system that features a physical volume knob as well as an available Honda Satellite-Linked Navigation System™ developed in cooperation with the experts at Garmin® .
Some of the key comfort and convenience features available on the 2018 Honda CR-V include remote engine start , dual-zone climate controls , heated side mirrors , a space-saving and convenient Electric Parking Brake ( EPB ) , rear USB charging ports , front passenger seat with 4-way power adjustment and driver 's seat with 8-way power adjustment and 4-way power lumbar support , and heated front seats .
Advanced Safety and Driver-Assistive Technology
The 2018 CR-V offers Honda Sensing™ as standard equipment on EX and higher trims , including features such as Collision Mitigation Braking ( CMBS™ ) with Forward Collision Warning ( FCW ) and pedestrian sensing capability , Road Departure Mitigation ( RDM ) with Lane Departure Warning ( LDW ) , Adaptive Cruise Control ( ACC ) with low-speed follow and Lane Keeping Assist ( LKAS ) . Additional driver-assistive technologies include the available blind spot Information ( BSI ) , Rear Cross Traffic Monitor and Auto High Beam headlights .
More Information
Editors : For more in-depth information , plus video and high-resolution images , please visit www.hondanews.com/channels/cr-v .
Consumer information is available at www.automobiles.honda.com/cr-v .
About Honda
Honda offers a full line of reliable , fuel-efficient and fun-to-drive vehicles with advanced safety technologies sold through over 1,000 independent U.S. Honda dealers . The Honda lineup includes the Fit , Civic , Accord and Clarity series passenger cars , along with the HR-V , CR-V and Pilot sport/utility vehicles , the Ridgeline pickup and the Odyssey minivan .
Honda has been producing automobiles in America for 34 years and currently operates 19 major manufacturing facilities in North America . In 2016 , more than 95 % of all Honda and Acura vehicles sold in the U.S. were made in North America , using domestic and globally sourced parts .
# # #
1 . Based on Autodata cumulative total sales for all SUV and CUV models in America 1997-2017CYTD September
2 . MSRP excluding tax , license , registration , $ 940 destination charge and options . Dealer prices may vary .
3 . Based on 2018 EPA mileage ratings . Use for comparison purposes only . Your mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle , driving conditions , and other factors .
German opposition parties are running riot against the government 's reported decision to allow the sale of up to 200 of the most modern `` Leopard '' battle tanks to Saudi Arabia .
The co-leader of the Green Party , Claudia Roth , said the decision , first reported in SPIEGEL , was a `` blatant '' breach of German guidelines banning the export of weapons to states in crisis regions and with questionable human rights records . They said Saudi Arabia flouted democracy and human rights , supported terrorism and had helped to crush recent anti-government protests in Bahrain .
Andrea Nahles , the general secretary of the center-left Social Democrats , said supplying battle tanks to Saudi Arabia flew in the face of the government 's pledge to pursue a value-oriented foreign policy . The head of the Left Party , Klaus Ernst , said the government was operating under the motto : `` The most deadly tanks for the worst oppressors . ''
More worrying for Chancellor Angela Merkel , the move has also been criticized by members of their own party , the conservative Christian Democrats . Reuters reported that a majority of the leadership of the party 's parliamentary group had argued against such a deal at a meeting on Monday evening .
The senior conservatives had included the chairperson of the parliamentary foreign affairs committee , Ruprecht Polenz , and the president of the Bundestag , Norbert Lammert . They mainly cited human rights abuses by Saudi Arabia . According to Reuters , Lammert had argued that Saudi forces used tanks to quell unrest in Bahrain just a few weeks ago .
So far , the government has declined to confirm the export approval , taken by the government 's security council last week . Government spokesperson Steffen Seibert said on Monday the decision was subject to the `` usual and necessary secrecy '' regarded export approvals .
For decades , Germany has refused to sell battle tanks to Saudi Arabia and other Arab states because of its historical obligation towards Israel and its policy of prohibiting the sale of weapons to crisis regions .
So far , Israel has made no public comment on the deal , suggesting that it has no fundamental objections , German commentators say .
Most editorials in the German media are critical of the deal on Tuesday , but some point out that a supply of powerful battle tanks may help Saudi Arabia preserve a balance of power with Iran , which is pushing for dominance in the region . But commentators also concede that if Iran gets hold of nuclear weapons , even the most formidable battle tanks in the Saudi arsenal will prove irrelevant .
Conservative Die Welt writes :
`` Of course it 's not the best time for a large tank deal with Saudi Arabia given the Arab rebellion . After all , Riyadh is one of the worst suppressive regimes in the region and has been helping to crush the uprising in Bahrain . But the outrage among opposition parties in Berlin is a little short-sighted . After all , Leopard 2 tanks are pretty unsuited to fighting rebels , unless one is trying to destroy whole cities like Moammar Gadhafi . Besides , Riyadh needs the tanks for quite a different reason : to counter Iran 's attempts at domination in the Gulf region .
`` For years Germany and its allies tried in vain to stop the Iranians from trying to build a nuclear bomb . Now that an Iranian bomb is becoming increasingly likely , a rearming of Saudi Arabia is only logical to prevent the balance of power in the Gulf from completely tipping in Tehran 's favor . ''
`` Last week , Saudi Prince Turki al-Faisal made clear that Saudi Arabia would seek a nuclear option if Tehran had one . It will only be possible to prevent such a nuclear arms race if one helps the Saudis to place a weighty deterrent on the scales in terms of conventional weapons . ''
Left-wing Berliner Zeitung writes :
`` The German government 's actions in the tank deal with Saudi Arabia are pitiful . The same foreign minister who refused to back a UN mandate ( German abstained in the UN Security Council on establishing a no-fly zone over Libya in March ) because they were against removing Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi by force has now silently voted in favor of selling 200 Leopard 2 battle tanks to Saudi Arabia . ''
`` The guidelines of the German government on arms exports are threefold : the export of weapons is to be undertaken restrictively ; it must not go to crisis regions and must not be aimed at boosting domestic employment . ''
`` Either Saudi Arabia is no longer in the crisis region of the Middle East under the German government 's definition , or Angela Merkel , Guido Westerwelle and Economics Minister Philipp Rösler no longer feel bound by these guidelines . Instead of openly standing by their decision , the center-right coalition government has fled into secrecy . Such a policy is n't value-bound , it 's nefarious . ''
Left-wing Die Tageszeitung writes :
`` The center-right government is operating geostrategically and in tandem with the United States . Chancellor Merkel mistrusts the Arab Spring as much as other Western leaders . The foreign policy and economic consequences of democratization in the Arab world -- and especially of its failure -- are too uncertain . ''
`` The supply of a fighting machine geared to waging assymetiric war against rebels and partistans follows the logic of arming Saudi Arabia in order to keep 'evil ' Iran in check . But this is playing with fire because the absolutist monarchy is based on Salafism . This form of Islam is particularly intolerant -- not just towards Shiites . ''
Manchester 's proposed £110m arts centre , the Factory , has moved a step closer to being built after city councillors gave planning permission for the Rem Koolhaas-designed building .
The Factory will be erected on the site of the former Granada Studios and is seen by the city council as a game changer , one which the authority 's leader , Sir Richard Leese , has said would “ make Manchester and the wider region a genuine cultural counterbalance to London ” .
It is a central part of the northern powerhouse project , championed by the former chancellor George Osborne , who pledged £78m of government money in 2014 , a sum which was confirmed this week following a Treasury review of the full business case .
The enormous and striking glass cube construction will be the first major public building in the UK by Dutch architect Koolhaas and their Office for Metropolitan Architecture ( OMA ) practice .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Artist 's impression of the Factory auditorium . Photograph : OMA/Factory Manchester
Ellen van Loon , the OMA partner in charge of the project , said : “ From classical opera and ballet to large-scale performances and experimental productions , Factory in Manchester provides the perfect opportunity to create the ultimate versatile space in which art , theatre and music come together : a platform for a new cultural scene . ”
Tate to name Maria Balshaw as new director to succeed Serota Read more
After the vote , Leese said Factory was what Manchester and the wider arts world had been waiting for . “ Factory is n't going to just transform this unused corner of the city centre , it 's going to further transform the way we see the world , and the way the world sees Manchester . ”
The council decision was welcomed by the culture minister , Matt Hancock , who said they wanted to “ blast open access to the very best world-class art and culture we have to offer in this country ” .
They said that was the reason for investing £78m , to “ provide a further boost to the brilliant arts , culture and technology scene in the north . On top of that , it will also help local tourism , generate jobs and provide training opportunities for the next generation of British creatives ” .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Rem Koolhaas-designed CCTV tower in Beijing . Photograph : Ullstein Bild/Getty Images
After the decision it was also confirmed that the building will be operated by Manchester international festival ( MIF ) with Mark Ball , currently artistic director of the London international festival of theatre ( Lift ) , joining the MIF leadership team with a focus on the Factory programme .
Speaking of the appointment , MIF 's CEO and artistic director , John McGrath , said : “ I have been a huge admirer of Mark 's vision as a producer and programmer since their early days at Fierce festival , and it has been inspiring to see their extraordinary achievements at Lift .
“ I ca n't imagine a better person to join MIF at this key moment in its history , and to ensure an exceptional , international programme of work at Factory . ”
Ball called Factory “ undoubtedly the most exciting and ambitious new cultural space in the country ” . Construction work is expected to begin in the spring .
Click to enlarge . Data source : World Health Organization
Lots of people think that their home town has the worst traffic , the most aggressive drivers , the craziest cabbies . Sometimes they have strong anecdotal evidence . Russian drivers often employ dashboard cameras to record seemingly inevitable collisions with reckless motorists . In the United Arab Emirates city of Abu Dhabi , a three-day Blackberry phone outage coincided with a 40 percent drop in traffic accidents . When I visited Cairo , where just crossing the street is a sort of art form in itself , I presumed no roads could be more dangerous until a friend who had just returned from Indonesia assured me that Jakarta 's are far worse .
So who has the world 's most dangerous roads ? It turns out , based on a comprehensive World Health Organization report that measures road safety by the number of motor vehicle-related deaths per 100,000 people , the answer is the Dominican Republic .
The Caribbean island nation ( it shares the island of Hispanolia with Haiti ) reports a staggering 41.7 driving deaths per 100,000 people per year . That means that , in any given year , a Dominican person has a one in 2,398 chance of being killed by a car . That 's not so bad until you extrapolate out by 70 years and find that , over a lifetime , a Dominican 's odds of dying in a car-related accident are one in 480 . The WHO report notes that the Dominican Republic has weak helmet and speed laws and even weaker drunk driving laws . More than half of driving related deaths , 58 percent , are of occupants or drivers of two- or three-wheeled vehicles . In other words , motorcycles .
The next 10 most dangerous countries for driving , in descending order , are : Thailand , Venezuela , Iran , Nigeria , South Africa , Iraq , Guinea-Bissau , Oman and Chad . Those countries are marked in dark red on the above map , which visualizes the full WHO data set of road traffic deaths , the statistics for which are estimates based on reported deaths and other factors . The safest countries are in light yellow .
What do the dark red countries have in common ? There does not appear to be a single common thread , based on a quick scan of the WHO report . There are some commonalities . The sprawling , jumbled urban spaces of Baghdad , Tehran , Lagos and Bogota are notoriously thorny driving . Then again , so is Cairo , and Egypt ranks as much safer overall . Thailand , like , the Dominican Republic , reports an unusually high number of deaths related to two- or three-wheel vehicles , i.e . motorbikes . But Iran and Oman , also highly ranked , have more even distributions of deaths among drivers and passengers of two- and four-wheel vehicles as well as pedestrian and cyclists .
As I wrote for The Atlantic after the 2011 Blackberry outage so improved road safety in the United Arab Emirates , should n't countries with so much money and so few people -- Saudi Arabia also ranked highly -- have clean , clear , open , safe roads ? It turns out that the profusion of oil wealth might actually make the roads more dangerous due to something political scientists call the rentier state effect . Individuals in such countries , who often live off lavish subsidies , may be more accustomed to seeing the government as something that gives out money , not as a regulatory and policing body . The governments , which draw their legitimacy and power from oil rather than from people , have less incentive to implement harsher driving rules , which might prove unpopular . And it can give citizens a sense that the law serves them , rather than the other way around .
The safest roads tend to be in northern Europe . Iceland is the very safest with only 2.8 road deaths per 100,000 people annually , followed closely by Sweden and then the Palestinian territories , where freedom of movement can be tightly restricted by the Israeli occupation .
The next safest countries are , in descending order : Britain , the Netherlands , Norway and Switzerland . Denmark , Germany , Ireland and Israel are all tied for eighth-safest .
The WHO report explains that these success stories came not just through safer driving or tougher drunk-driving laws but major government intervention , including `` implementation of a number of proven measures that address not only the safety of the road user , but also vehicle safety , the road environment and post-crash care . '' Medical care , both in terms of its quality and the physical nearness of hospitals , seems to play a major role in the number of driving-related deaths .
I leave you with this recent video from Saudi Arabia , which has a driving-related death rate among the world 's highest . Flagged by Saudi journalist Ahmed Al Omran , whose description is below , it shows some very , very unsafe road practices ( or maybe just an audition for the next M.I.A . video ) :
Getty Images The head of the Islamic State is reportedly injured so badly they can barely move , Kareem Shaheen at The Guardian reports .
`` Sources tell us Baghdadi is still alive , but still unable to move due to spinal injury sustained in the March air strike , '' Shaheen tweeted .
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , who last year declared themselves caliph of the Islamic State ( also known as ISIS , ISIL , and Daesh ) , was reportedly wounded in a US-led airstrike in March .
Martin Chulov at The Guardian , who last week broke the news of the airstrike , also says their sources tell them Baghdadi is still alive and being treated by doctors from Mosul .
Information on Baghdadi 's reported injury and the airstrike that apparently caused it is still vague .
Two officials , one Western and one Iraqi , confirmed to The Guardian that the airstrike targeted multiple cars in the town of Baaj in northwestern Iraq on March 18 , but the Pentagon said the airstrike was not aimed at a high-value target and that it had `` no reason to believe it was Baghdadi . ''
Chulov reports that officials did n't know that Baghdadi was in one of the cars targeted in the airstrike . They were reportedly staying in that area of Iraq because they `` knew from the war that the Americans did not have much cover there , '' a source who is aware of Baghdadi 's movements told The Guardian .
Baghdadi is reportedly recovering slowly but has not resumed day-to-day control of ISIS . A former physics teacher from Mosul , Abu Alaa Afri , was installed as ISIS ' temporary leader while Baghdadi recovers , an Iraqi government adviser told Newsweek last week .
ISIS-controlled territory . US Department of Defense
Newsweek describes Afri as a `` rising star '' within ISIS , and the Iraqi government adviser , Hisham al Hashimi , said Afri had become even more important than Baghdadi .
Afri will assume full leadership of ISIS if Baghdadi dies , Hashimi said .
Having a caliph with a background of religious education is important to ISIS , which has shaped its self-proclaimed caliphate around a strict interpretation of sharia law . The group recruits people to live in its territory by marketing it as an Islamic utopia .
Der Spiegel reported recently that early leaders of ISIS , many of whom are former Iraqi intelligence officers from the regime of ousted dictator Saddam Hussein , decided to make Baghdadi caliph because he , as an `` educated cleric , '' would `` give the group a religious face . ''
There was a ton of fierce competition in a broad array of categories during the 2015 High Times SoCal Medical Cannabis Cup . Ridiculous formulations of indicas , sativas , hybrids , concentrates and more were presented . But ultimately , the people voted for these fine folks . See the complete list of winners :
BEST NON-SOLVENT HASH
1st Place – Blissful Wizard by Incognigrow Farms
2nd Place – Cookies and Cream Cubantech Drysift by Exotic Genetix
3rd Place – Gluekie Monster Fresh Frozen Whole Plant True 73u ( micron ) by Trichome Heavy Extracts in coll . with The Source Genetics
BEST SATIVA CONCENTRATE
1st Place – Red Dragon Budder by Dabblicious Extracts
2nd Place – Space Jack by Apothecary Collective in collaboration with Imperial Extracts
3rd Place – Pineapple Lemonade Live Resin by Greenwolf LA with Loud Pack Extractions and Dabblicious
BEST INDICA CONCENTRATE
1st Place – Lemon Walker OG by Gold Coast Extracts
2nd Place – Lemon Walker OG Budder by Gold Coast Collection
3rd Place – Crown OG Nug Run by Pissing Excellence
BEST HYBRID CONCENTRATE
1st Place – Lemon Bananas Budder by Dabblicious Extracts
2nd Place – Banangie Kosher by Greenwolf LA with Dabblicious
3rd Place – Lemon Cookies by Moxie Seeds & Extracts
BEST CBD CONCENTRATE
1st Place – Ringo 's Gift Super CBD Premium CO2 Oil by POP Naturals with WCHC
2nd Place – Ringo 's Gift # 3 by Greenwolf LA with Loud Pack Extracts
3rd Place – CBD Simple CO2 Extractor by Cannavest
BEST CBD FLOWER
1st Place – V.C.D.C . from Moxie Seeds & Extracts
2nd Place – Vitamin CBD from Growers Guild
3rd Place – Vegan Buddha Milagro from Greenwolf LA with Vegan Buddha
BEST HYBRID FLOWER
1st Place – Wellness OG by The W.E.E.D . in Studio City
2nd Place – Orange Cookies by TLC Collective
3rd Place – 2010 Grizzly Genetics by Grizzly Genetics in collaboration with Patients Premium Collective
BEST INDICA FLOWER
1st Place – Kosher Kush by Greenwolf LA with Kush Company
2nd Place – Lorax OG by Lorax Labs from CannaSutra Collective
3rd Place – Dr. K 's Paris OG Kush by Cali Natural Collective
BEST SATIVA FLOWER
1st Place – Mango Tango by Elemental Seeds
2nd Place – Loud Berry Flower by Loud Seeds SL
3rd Place – Tangie by Dr. Greenthumbs
BEST BOOTH
1st Place – Vader Extracts
2nd Place – B-Real / Dr. Greenthumb
3rd Place – Apothecary 420
BEST PRODUCT
1st Place – Bongdom by Vader Extracts
2nd Place – Kingpen by Greenwolf LA
3rd Place – Kurupts Moonrocks by Kurupts Moonrock
BEST GLASS
1st Place – Vaderade By Evol Glass
2nd Place – Nexus Glass Halo by Nexus Glass
3rd Place – Platinum Barrel Recycler by Pulse Glass x Big Pizzle
BEST VAPORIZER
1st Place – 710KingPen by KingPen & Greenwolf LA
2nd Place – Cloud V | Cloud V
3rd Place – Moxie – Seeds & Extracts | Ogone by OG Pen
BEST TOPICAL
1st Place – Honey Pot Bear Balm by Pure Joy Collective
2nd Place – Om Edibles Medicated Lavender Epsom Salts by Om Grown All Female Collective
3rd Place – Sextiva Vaginal Sexual Enhancement Oil by Innovative Extractions
BEST EDIBLE
1st Place – Reef Jerky by Badfish Extracts & Healthy Healing
2nd Place – Crème Brûlée 50 mg by Beezle 's Creamery with Beezle Extracts
3rd Place – Cali High Thai 'd Ice Cream by Beezle 's Creamery
BEST CBD EDIBLE
1st Place – 350 mg CBD Fresh Mint Breath Spray by Bhang Chocolate
2nd Place – Canapa CBD Pizza Sauce 120 mg by Summit Health Remedies
3rd Place – B.A.M.F . CBD Bar by The W.E.E.D . Studio City
SEE ALL THE ENTRIES :
2015 High Times SoCal Medical Cannabis Cup : Hybrid Concentrate Entries
2015 High Times SoCal Medical Cannabis Cup : Indica Concentrates & Non-Solvent Hash
2015 High Times SoCal Medical Cannabis Cup : Sativa Concentrate Entries
2015 High Times SoCal Medical Cannabis Cup : Hybrid Entries
2015 High Times SoCal Medical Cannabis Cup : Edible & Topical Entries
2015 HIGH TIMES SoCal Medical Cannabis Cup : CBD Entries
2015 High Times SoCal Medical Cannabis Cup : Indica & Sativa
With names like cerium , lanthanum , and ytterbium , rare earth elements are n't exactly household names . But the consumer products they are used in—such as magnets , camera lenses , and batteries—certainly are .
There are 17 rare earth elements in all , but these key metals are n't as rare as the name suggests . ( In fact , some are relatively abundant in Earth 's crust . ) The vast majority of rare earths—96 percent of the market—come from China . About half come from Bayan Obo , the mine shown above . On July 2 , 2001 ( top ) and June 30 , 2006 ( bottom ) , the Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer ( ASTER ) on NASA 's Terra satellite acquired these false-color views of the mine in the Nei Mongol Autonomous Region .
Vegetation appears red , grassland is light brown , rocks are black , and water surfaces are green . Two circular open-pit mines are visible , as well as a number of tailings ponds and tailings piles . Use the image comparison tool to see how the mine has grown larger since 2001 . According to a U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) report , China produced about 81,000 tons of rare earth metals in 2001 ; the number jumped to about 120,000 by 2006 .
Such an intensive mining operation has a definite impact on the surrounding environment . According to the Chinese Society of Rare Earths , 9,600 to 12,000 cubic meters ( 340,000 to 420,000 cubic feet ) of waste gas—containing dust concentrate , hydrofluoric acid , sulfur dioxide , and sulfuric acid—are released with every ton of rare metals that are mined . Approximately 75 cubic meters ( 2,600 cubic feet ) of acidic wastewater , plus about a ton of radioactive waste residue are also produced .
According to a USGS report , the United States has enough rare earth elements in the ground to meet global demand for decades to come . But until California 's Mountain Pass Mine recently reopened , few of these minerals were being mined in the U.S .
NASA Earth Observatory images by Jesse Allen and Robert Simmon , using data from the NASA/GSFC/METI/ERSDAC/JAROS , and U.S./Japan ASTER Science Team .
BUDAPEST — Draw a triangle on the map of Budapest . At one corner , atop the Millennium Column in Heroes ' Square , rises an angel . A few kilometers away at the apex , built like a boat about to sail into the Danube , stands the Hungarian National Theater .
It is there that Tony Kushner 's Pulitzer Prize-winning play “ Angels in America ” is on a wildly successful run in a production directed by the Romanian-born American Andrei Serban . But the star and driving force of the play is the National 's artistic director , Robert Alfoldi . Every night , the normally reserved Budapest crowd gives Mr. Alfoldi a standing ovation for their performance as the AIDS-riddled hero , who survives disease , desertion and a visit from a real live angel — who , not coincidentally , looks very much like the seraph on the Millennium Column .
Although it has been two decades since the play , with its very American references to the Reagan era , premiered on Broadway , it may be the biggest hit ever in Hungarian theater history . ( It is sold out through June and tickets are being scalped on the black market . ) Yet on July 1 , Mr. Alfoldi will be replaced as the theater 's artistic director by a man who has sworn to return the theater to its Hungarian roots and make the National “ a sacred space . ”
The keys to both the play 's success and the removal of Mr. Alfoldi may be found at the third corner of the triangle where the ornate Parliament drips 19th-century Austro-Hungarian hauteur into the Danube .
Most strikes end sadly , and some – like the miners ' – very badly . Junior doctors have yet to vote on the peace terms agreed by their leaders on Wednesday , but the odds are that most will accept . Yet they will stay angry , and with good reason .
After eight strike days , the public has stayed staunchly supportive of their cause , even when they walked out of A & E , and even when tens of thousands of operations were cancelled . But there is an ebb and flow , a rhythm in the emotional rollercoaster of a strike , and the time feels right to call it a day – before public support wanes , and when the junior doctors know their point about life within the NHS has been well made .
But nearly all strikes end with a painful sense of giving in , by a workforce driven back to work – even when they have won important concessions . The rhetoric , the political passion , the indignation all have to be toned down , in ways that make the workforce feel they are swallowing more pride than the employers are . It hurts – and the bitterness lasts .
That 's why strikes are usually a bad thing , a last-resort breakdown in relations . The thrill of rebelling is intoxicating , but usually ends in burst-balloon disappointment .
I have covered hundreds of strikes , but rarely seen happy workers marching back in with a sense of victory . The latest I wrote about was the well-justified strike by National Gallery staff : settlement did n't leave them a happier workforce .
Jeremy Hunt provoked this strike , possibly deliberately , imagining they would emerge a hero to their party for taking on the “ vested interests ” of the public sector . But they ended up the political loser , with the public understanding the doctors ' alarm at the state of their NHS and the rising pressures on all who work in it .
Digging through the details of the actual deal , neither side won . It looks more like a stalemate , with some changes around the edges . Hunt 's claim to have got seven-day working – but with no new money , inside the same pay envelope while conceding on some of the more extreme antisocial-hours issues – looks like magical accounting .
Besides , during the course of this long strike , the original research suggesting 11,000 more patients die after admission at weekends has been decisively shredded : it 's all in the different case-mix at weekends . Nor , if there are genuinely extra deaths at weekends , is there any evidence that junior doctors , who work more weekends than other staff , are the key . Nor , say health economists , is there any evidence that heavy investment in extra weekend staff delivers good value for money in lives saved , compared with other spending .
But health is politics . Hunt wanted a fight , and they got one , but it has ended any leadership hopes they once had . No tears shed there . Far worse is the long-term effect this will have on the junior doctors themselves .
Many more are likely to flee abroad or go into some other occupation after experiencing the grinding exhaustion and high anxiety of their job being met with such cynical political ingratitude and incomprehension .
The shortage of doctors is acute , and some specialisms ca n't fill their rotas . Nurses too are in critically short supply . Why anyone would think this is a good time to end bursaries for trainee nurses is a mystery .
The NHS itself is now registering its worst ever results since waiting times were recorded : for A & E , operations , cancer treatment and ambulance times . As the situation worsens , this strike , with its popular support , will have helped place the blame firmly where it belongs – with a government that pretended to promise ringfenced funding , but which has given the NHS its lowest increase over the last six years than at any time since 1948 – 0.8 % against an average 4 % rise to cover a growing and ageing population . The UK is tumbling down the international league table for health spending .
Frankly , the wonder is how well it has managed , when many health economists predicted it would n't . But the pressure building up in lack of staff will blow the lid off , as overstretched managers try to keep the wheels turning while repairing the unfathomable organisational mayhem caused by the 2012 Health and Social Care Act .
Even if they vote to accept the deal , even if they feel deflated , as all strikers do , the junior doctors will have scored an important victory in telling the public exactly what 's happening inside the NHS .
The World Cup may still be fresh in the memory but the attention of many international players must now turn to major continental tournaments , with qualification beginning for Euro 2016 and the group stage of qualifying for the next Africa Cup of Nations commencing .
Several countries are in warm-up game action as early as tonight ( Wednesday ) , including England .
Gary Cahill is our sole representative in Roy Hodgson 's squad to face Norway at Wembley in a friendly , before heading to Basel to play the manager 's former employers Switzerland in the opening Euro 2016 qualifier next Monday .
Germany play their first matches since winning the World Cup in July . First tonight they play a friendly against Argentina in a rapid repeat of the final in Brazil , before taking on Scotland in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday in Dortmund . Unsurprisingly , having made such an impression during their triumphant World Cup campaign , Andre Schurrle is part of the squad .
Petr Cech has been named in the Czech Republic squad as they face two of the sides who impressed at the World Cup , USA and Netherlands . Both matches take place in Prague , the first a friendly today , with the game against the Dutch a qualifier . That is on Tuesday .
Brazil are back in action for the first time since losing the third-place play off at the World Cup , playing two friendlies in the USA . Colombia are their opponents on Friday in Miami , with a game against Ecuador in New Jersey to follow next Tuesday . Ramires , Oscar and Willian , who were involved at the World Cup , have all been named in new manager Dunga 's squad , while there is also a call-up for Filipe Luis , their first since the 2013 Confederations Cup .
In Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers , holders Nigeria , for whom John Mikel Obi and Kenneth Omeruo are part of the squad , face matches against Congo on Saturday and South Africa next Wednesday . Victor Moses is not selected .
Jared Grifoni , LPCC Chairman , speaks at the
Collier Board of County Commissioners on Dec. 8
Collier County Libertarians did much more than just say “ no ” to more Big Government . They responded to threats of regulating Uber and other ride-sharing services with a bold proposal to deregulate the entire taxi industry—and won !
They sealed their victory on December 8 when the Board of County Commissioners ( BCC ) voted 4-1 to finalize an earlier provisional decision .
The Libertarian Party of Collier County has been working since July on the issue . After being outnumbered in October by pro-big government forces , the LP led the charge , flanked by Republicans , independent voters , and Democrats , along with other activist organizations , such as the Southwest Florida Citizens Alliance .
LPCC Chairman Jared Grifoni spoke to the BCC for approximately 10 minutes ( scroll to 02:25:15 ) on the benefits of deregulation and addressed the scare tactics utilized by the opposition with a positive , free market analysis . LPCC Finance Chair Jason Hartgrave highlighted how Uber and deregulation will create jobs by getting government out of the way ( scroll to 02:18:20 ) .
Local media covered the victory .
On NBC2 , Grifoni said , “ It comes down to who 's a better regulator : the government or the people ? The reality is , and history has shown this time and time again , that people know what 's best for themselves . ”
On Fox 4 , they were quoted , “ A 4-to-1 decision really sends a strong message , not only to the community , but to individuals at large that Collier County 's open for business , that we 're not going to restrict our new businesses in this county . ”
On WINK , they said , “ We 've seen multiple counties and multiple states deregulate because the old regulations simply do n't work in today 's market . ”
In an email blast to its members , the Collier County LP said :
“ We can not state strongly enough just how significant this victory was . We did n't just save Uber by getting an exemption or getting the county to look the other way . WE DEREGULATED AN ENTIRE INDUSTRY !
“ Collier County is one of the leading lights in the effort to deregulate the vehicle-for-hire industry . Counties and cities across Florida and throughout the U.S. are following the example you helped set . The fight for individual rights , limited government , and economic freedom continues . ”
Carla Howell , LP Political Director and creator of the game , Who 's Driving ? said , “ This Collier County LP victory is a stellar example of putting liberty in the driver 's seat . They refused to merely play defense . They set an agenda for shrinking government—and won . ”
LIMA , Peru — Nearly a year after the cancer death of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , their self-styled “ Bolivarian ” socialist revolution appears under siege .
Anti-government protests this week have convulsed the country and descended into violent clashes with government sympathizers . On Wednesday , at least three people were killed by gunfire , two of them opposition students and one a pro-government demonstrator .
Read more : Venezuela urges 'anti-fascism ' rally in response to protests
Chavez 's folksy style — think them calling George W. Bush “ the devil ” for invading Iraq — and populist anti-poverty policies made them wildly popular both at home and internationally .
But their political heir , President Nicolas Maduro , lacks el Comandante 's touch and their only response to the economic chaos they inherited has been repression . For many Venezuelans , that has added to the list of woes their country now faces .
Here 's a rundown of problems fueling the unrest .
Inflation
Venezuelan consumer prices rose 56 percent in 2013 , giving the troubled South American nation what may be the world 's highest current inflation rate . Economists say the country 's fixed exchange rate has fueled the problem . It stops the flow of imports and foreign currency into the country and triggers the mismatch between supply and demand that has sent prices rocketing . Maduro has now introduced a more complex set of currency controls , including different rates for locals , tourists and industry , but critics warn it 's devaluation in disguise . If hyperinflation is n't around the corner then that may only be due to the rigid , official , military-enforced price controls . They prompted a run on appliances last year as thousands of mainly poor Venezuelans scooped up plasma TVs , fridges and other products on the cheap .
Shortages
The price controls may have slowed inflation — and the jury is still out on that one — but they 're likely contributing to another problem : shortages of basic goods . The country 's dearth of toilet paper is probably the most infamous case , prompting some to even stock up on trips abroad . But exasperated Venezuelans increasingly have to scour empty supermarket shelves for all kinds of other products , including even corn flour , a staple of the Venezuelan diet . The problem is now so severe that one student invented an app to help shoppers track down products . Meanwhile , supermarket executives insist the price controls make it all but impossible for their stores to keep full inventories . Hundreds of retailers accused of not complying have gone to jail .
Violent crime
This could be the only issue that bugs Venezuelans more than the economic crisis . The murder of a former Miss Venezuela earlier this year made global headlines , but the country 's violent crime tsunami was hardly news for locals who have long feared to leave their homes after dark . According to United Nations statistics , Venezuela 's 2009 homicide rate was 49 per 100,000 residents per year ( page 94 ) , roughly 10 times higher than the US 's , and making it the world 's fifth most murderous nation . But nonprofit think tank the Venezuelan Violence Observatory , which accuses the government of massaging its numbers , recently put the rate at 79 per 100,000 . If confirmed , that would make Venezuela almost tied with the country ranked highest on the UN 's homicide list : Honduras . Unlike the UN , the Observatory reached its numbers through its own independent research , including from media reports of slayings . The government 's response to the bloodshed , including banning media from publishing photos of murder victims , has only made the senseless slaughter spike further .
More from GlobalPost : Murder of Miss Venezuela shocks the mecca of beauty queens
Free speech
Targeting the messenger has been typical of both Maduro 's and Chavez 's presidencies , and nurtured opposition accusations that Venezuela is sliding into dictatorship . El Comandante once booted researchers from Human Rights Watch out of the country , while 15 years of Chavismo have decimated Venezuela 's media landscape . The purchase last year of Globovision by a pro-Maduro group of business people , and the resulting exodus of the network 's journalists , means there is now not a single national TV station critical of the government . Under laws intended to stop public “ unease , ” Venezuelan media are prohibited from showing the mayhem unfolding this week on the nation 's streets . One Peruvian newspaper today published this clip of the final moments of one of the protesters — footage it received from Venezuelan paper El Nacional , which is barred from publishing it . Meanwhile , newspapers that dare to question the official narrative are on the brink of going online only — not as part of a new Web 2.0 business model , but because imported newsprint is running out . The government appears happy with the situation . Maduro even warned last week that the “ bourgeois media ” would be subjected to “ very strict ” new controls to stop their “ propaganda . ”
Elections
The rot eating away at Maduro 's support has deepened with doubts over their victory in last April 's presidential elections . Many Venezuelans believe the vote , which Maduro won by less than two percent , was rigged . They have never accepted the 51-year-old former bus driver and union leader as their president . The opposition sent a thick dossier of alleged electoral irregularities to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights , although foreign observers , including from the Carter Center , gave the elections a clean bill of health . Nevertheless , the government 's response to the accusations only fueled the fire . After going back and forth , the Maduro administration allowed a partial review and declared the vote clean but refused to allow the full recount demanded by the opposition that would have fully confirmed no electoral fraud . That plus the well-documented heavy use of state resources by Maduro during the electoral campaign , including compulsory state broadcasts routinely cutting in over TV news bulletins , has allowed the doubts about the legitimacy of Maduro 's presidency to fester .
An illegal migrant who scorned Britain as a “ bitch country ” has been imprisoned for violently raping a stranger just weeks after being granted leave to remain .
Abdel-Aziz Al-Shamary , whose parents paid to have them smuggled into Britain from Kuwait , set upon their victim by a riverbank as they walked home from a pub in Darlington , County Durham .
The court heard that Al-Shamary stalked and harassed the woman for 20 minutes before they struck , hurling them to the ground and leaving them with a bloody nose after punching them twice in the face before carrying out the rape .
They had abused another woman on the street earlier in the evening , calling them an “ ugly bitch ” and telling them they were “ not worthy ” , warning “ Allah is going to get you ” as they walked away .
Sex Assault , Rapes At European Swimming Baths Blamed On 'Cultural Differences ' https : //t.co/GIcN1trVZb pic.twitter.com/wTkKVlZh3d — Breitbart London ( @ BreitbartLondon ) January 15 , 2016
The Kuwaiti was deemed deeply hostile towards women , subjecting the female police constable who arrested them to a misogynistic tirade .
“ He kept telling me not touch them and they also said ‘ I will not speak to you , you are a woman — in my country we speak to men ' , ” said PC Jackie Mallows .
They were also heard to yell “ Do you know Saddam Hussein ? I am Saddam Hussein , I will not talk to you , you are a woman , ” while in police custody , and repeatedly denounced Britain as a “ bitch country ” .
“ It is quite clear to me you have a problem with females and you regard them as lesser beings , as evidenced by your behaviour to the female police officer , and I am of the view that this was as much about degradation and humiliation as about sexual pleasure , ” said sentencing judge Sean Morris .
Exclusive : Government Will Not Request Prison Sentence for ‘ Child Migrant ' Who Raped 5 Year-Old Boy https : //t.co/wFhky5daDV pic.twitter.com/f6eMEuDPd2 — Breitbart London ( @ BreitbartLondon ) January 8 , 2017
Nevertheless , the judge also appeared to extend some sympathy to the rapist , saying they “ had a sheltered upbringing in a Bedouin family with very little contact with the opposite sex ” growing up , and noting they had “ consumed an enormous amount of spirits ” before handing down a 12-year term .
However , most criminals sentenced to a term of imprisonment in Britain are automatically paroled halfway through their sentences , meaning 21-year-old Al-Shamary could be back on the streets by the time they are 27 — possibly earlier , if there is already time on remand to be discounted from their term .
The judge said they hoped Al-Shamary would be deported after they are paroled , but Britain 's track record of removing so-called Foreign National Offenders even after they have scheduled for deportation is less than stellar .
“ I can still see the image of my attacker 's face in my mind and that upsets me , ” said an impact statement from the victim , who says they still think about what happened to them every night .
Follow Jack Montgomery on Twitter : @ JackBMontgomery
A map of every device connected to the Internet shows the wealthiest parts of the world flush with connections , while poor and sparsely populated parts of the world are blacked out — as well as a few head scratchers in between .
The map was created by John Matherly , founder of Shodan , a search engine that probes the Internet 's backend for connections to all sorts of devices from routers to refrigerators . Matherly said it took about five hours to ping every IP address on the Internet and store every positive response . It took another 12 hours to plot the responses on a heat map which glows bright orange in densely connected areas and blue and black in sparsely connected areas .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
The U.S. and Western Europe are , not surprisingly , awash in connectivity . Africa and central Asia have islands of connectivity centered on urban areas . Then there are head-scratchers like Greenland , which has a single isolated dot smack in the island 's center . A Reddit user speculated it was an NOAA observatory on the summit of the Greenland Ice Sheet .
“ Oh my f * * * ing God ! ! You 're the guy ! ! ! , ” wrote another Reddit commentator , ForceBlade , who detected a mysterious ping request around the time of Matherly 's project . “ You touched my heart , and my server . ”
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
Some scientists believe dark matter ( in pink ) is everywhere in the universe Researchers in the US say they have detected two signals which could possibly indicate the presence of particles of dark matter . But the study in Science journal reports the statistical likelihood of a detection of dark matter as 23 % . Deep underground in a lab in Minnesota experiments to detect WIMPS , or Weakly Interacting Massive Particles have been going on since 2003 . Scientists are currently developing an even more sensitive experiment . `` It 's a very difficult situation , '' said Professor Jodi Cooley from Southern Methodist University , Dallas in the US , who led the research . `` In some ways I feel we 've been very unlucky . It 's a very exciting time in the field
Professor Jodi Cooley ,
Southern Methodist University `` Either we had a statistical fluctuation in our background or it could be that these two events are evidence of dark matter but there were n't enough of them to be sure . `` We ca n't rule them out as being a signal but we ca n't conclude that they are a signal . '' The Cryogenic Dark Matter Search ( CDMS ) , an experiment designed to detect the dark matter particles , is a joint effort by several US universities and institutes . The scientists describe dark matter as being `` the gravitational scaffolding that caused normal matter to coalesce into the galaxies we see today '' . Ordinary matter - gas , stars , planets and galaxies - is thought to make up less than 5 % of the Universe . The rest of the cosmos is unseen , 70 % is thought to be `` dark energy '' and 25 % is believed to be dark matter . Different theories Some scientists believe dark matter is made up of WIMP subatomic particles . These are thought to have a similar mass to the nuclei that give each atom the majority of its mass , but are predicted to `` bounce off '' rather than interact with any other matter . This would make the particles themselves impossible to find . So the detectors in the CDMS experiment are designed to pick up the tiny amount of energy that Wimps leave behind as they scatter - the only clue that might remain . Other scientists argue that that the dark substance consists of everyday matter , but that this ordinary matter , referred to as Massive Astrophysical Compact Halo Objects ( Machos ) , happens to radiate little or no light . Professor Cooley hopes that the new experiment that 's being developed will speed up the process of looking for evidence of dark matter . `` It 's a very exciting time in the field , '' they added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross ' partner on a massive Russian natural gas business venture is married to Vladimir Putin 's daughter . That we knew . But Reuters is reporting late Tuesday that the previously unknown mystery daughter has finally been outed and identified .
The infamous Paradise Papers exposed weeks ago how Ross has made millions from their investment stake in Navigator Holdings , a shipping company specializing in transporting liquified natural gas around the world .
Navigator 's biggest client is the Russian petrochemicals giant Sibur , a company part-owned by Kirill Shamanov , a Russian billionaire and the son of one of Vladimir Putin 's inner circle of oligarchs . He 's also married to Putin 's youngest daughter .
The New York Times reported in early November that , despite divesting in most of their international business holdings prior to joining the Trump Administration , Ross kept their stake in Navigator through a network of holding companies in the Cayman Islands . More troubling , Navigator “ increased its business dealings with Sibur even as the West sought to punish Russia 's energy sector over Mr. Putin 's incursions into Ukraine , ” according to the Times .
Now Reuters has placed the final piece into the puzzle with confirmation that Katerina Tikhonova , a competitive dancer who also runs multiple Putin-funded foundations and initiatives , is , in fact , Vladimir Putin 's child . According to Reuters :
“ A colleague of Katerina Tikhonova from the world of acrobatic rock ‘ n ‘ roll confirmed that they are the younger daughter of Russian President Vladimir Putin , and then later withdrew their comments , saying they had misheard the question . ”
Vladimir Putin has long kept the identity of their children and other family members hidden , or at least shrouded in mystery . Now that Tikhonova has been outed as Putin 's daughter , and their marriage to a Putin-controlled oligarch confirmed , there is an undeniable straight line from a member of the Trump administration to the Russian dictator 's inner sanctum .
Now that the Paradise Papers ' revelations about Wilbur Ross have been substantiated , other Trump associates implicated in them should be very , very afraid . Gary D. Cohn , Trump 's chief economic adviser , and Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson , have all been linked to shady business deals in the Paradise Papers . And if they 're not exposed in the media , not to worry . We 're pretty sure special counsel Robert Mueller will take a look as well .
Add your name to millions demanding Congress take action on the President 's crimes . IMPEACH TRUMP & PENCE !
Watch Celtic youngster Patrick Roberts ' shocking miss in Old Firm Derby
As embarrassing moments go , missing an open goal in the Old Firm Derby is up there with calling your teacher 'mum ' .
So spare a thought for Patrick Roberts , who could have marked their first ever appearance in the fixture with a goal but instead will wish the ground could open up and swallow him .
Roberts , on loan at Celtic from Manchester City , just needed to slot into an empty net from barely six yards out after Leigh Griffiths ' shot came back off the post .
A formality , you 'd think . But big game tensions can do strange things to people .
Had Roberts scored , it would have brought the teams level at 1-1 .
Given everything surrounding the game , only the second meeting between Rangers and Celtic since 2012 , the Bhoys ' Twitter account was impressively calm about the whole situation .
33 Celtic should be level . Griffiths ' shot strikes the post and the rebound falls for Roberts but they can only find the side-netting . — Celtic Football Club ( @ CelticFC ) April 17 , 2016
Others , though , were n't quite so relaxed .
Advertisement
Patrick Roberts mate ... I would have tucked that in one eye closed — Maestro Merlz 🇨🇲 ( @ MerlyMerlz ) April 17 , 2016
Someone consoles Patrick Roberts . There 's no way Pep Guardiola is watching the Old Firm game anyway . — Graham Ruthven ( @ grahamruthven ) April 17 , 2016
Patrick Roberts should give up football after that miss . — RGH ( @ Choikles ) April 17 , 2016
The more you see replays of that miss by Patrick Roberts the harder it is to believe it . Incredible . # Celtic # Rangers — Graham Swann ( @ Graham_Swann ) April 17 , 2016
Would n't give you 12 quid for Patrick Roberts never mind 12m — Scott Walker ( @ ScottWalkero9 ) April 17 , 2016
A view of the city of Athens from the hill of the Acropolis . UPI/Hugo Philpott | License Photo
BERKELEY , Calif. , Dec. 29 ( UPI ) -- Almost 50 percent of Greece 's deficit in 2008 -- $ 37 billion -- could have been eliminated if some of the wealthiest had n't evaded taxes , U.S. researchers say .
Adair Morse , a visiting assistant professor of finance at the Haas School of Business at the University of California , Berkeley ; Margarita Tsoutsoura , assistant professor , University of Chicago Booth School of Business ; and Nikolaos Artavanis , a doctoral candidate at Virginia Tech Pamplin College of Business , said they used data involving credit applications for consumer credit products at one of the 10 large Greek banks from 2003 to 2010 .
The authors studied how the bank determined the credit level for refinanced loans , new credit cards and a sample of loans in which borrowers requested more money than they received .
Morse said the team used the bank decision on the appropriate credit level to understand how much income the bank must perceive individuals to have to back out the bank 's estimate of true income .
Using bank data on household borrowing , the study found highly paid , highly educated professionals were at the forefront of tax evasion in Greece including : doctors , engineers , private tutors , financial services agents , accountants and lawyers .
The study found tax evaders tended to work in occupations least likely to leave a verifiable `` paper trail '' for tax collectors and it might not be a coincidence the majority of Greek Parliament members ' professions correlate with the largest tax evaders -- even excluding lawyers , Morse said .
Greece 's income tax rate is 40 percent .
posted by Eli Barzilay
Racket version 5.2 is now available from http : //racket-lang.org/ Release Highlights : :
DrRacket comes with an experimental , on-line check syntax tool , although this new tool is disabled default . See below for more information .
The new db library offers a high-level , functional interface to popular relational database systems , including PostgreSQL , MySQL , and SQLite , as well as other systems via ODBC .
A new XREPL collection provides convenient commands for a plain racket REPL . It is particularly convenient for people who prefer console-based work and alternative editors . See also the new chapter on command-line tools and other editors at the end of the Racket Guide .
The plot collection has been reimplemented in Racket . It now offers PDF output , log axes , histograms , and more . Some code that uses plot will still work , and some will need light porting . The plot/compat module offers expedient backward compatibility .
DrRacket uses more conventional key bindings : C-t creates a new tab , C-w closes the current one , and C-r runs the definitions . On Mac OS X , the Command key is used . See “ Defining Custom Shortcuts ” in the DrRacket manual for an example that uses the old key bindings .
The new raco link command registers a directory as a collection , which allows the collection directory to reside outside the “ collects ” tree and without changing the PLTCOLLECTS environment variable .
Typed Racket :
Typed Racket provides static performance debugging support to show which code gets optimized and point out code that does not . Use the “ Performance Report ” button in DrRacket .
More intuitive types in printouts in the REPL and in error messages . Use : query-result-type to explore types , or : print-type for a full printout .
Typed Racket now supports defining function with optional arguments using the same syntax as Racket .
Redex now supports specifying ( and testing and automatically typesetting ) judgment forms including type systems and SOS-style operational semantics .
Fixed several GUI problems , including problems on Ubuntu 11.10 ( GTK+ 3 ) and 64-bit Mac OS X .
Internal-definition expansion has changed to use let * semantics for sequences that contain no back references . This change removes a performance penalty for using internal definitions instead of let in common cases , and it only changes the meaning of programs that capture continuations in internal definitions . Internal definitions are now considered preferable in style to let .
The introduction of the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act ( “ PASPA ” ) in 1992 outlawed sports betting in the United States , however , the movement against PASPA has started to gain momentum and the collective appetite for the legalization of sports betting appears to have been whetted . Numerous initiatives are now taking aim at this federal legislation and , as American Gaming Association president and CEO Geoff Freeman states , the legalization of sports betting in North America “ is closer than any point in the last 25 years . ”
This week , nineteen states joined West Virginia in supporting New Jersey 's challenge to the federal sports betting ban with the filing of an amicus brief in the United States Supreme Court . These include states both in favour of and opposed to sports betting . The brief argues that the federal ban on sports betting is unconstitutional by “ preventing states… from repealing or amending laws that their citizens no longer support ” . In addition , the brief outlines how PASPA “ had the perverse effect of pushing an enormous market underground ” , with industry and law enforcement officials estimating that more than $ 150 billion is placed annually with illegal bookmakers .
According to a Greenberg Quinlan Rosner study published in May , the court of public opinion also appears to be swinging in favour of legalization . The study found that 6 out of 10 Americans are in favour of the legalization of sports betting . The legal sports betting market outside of the US , predominantly run out of Europe , is dominated by a few large entities such as Bet365 and Ladbrokes . These entities stand poised to profit immensely off of any looming changes to US legislation surrounding sports betting . However , an upstart blockchain-based sports betting platform , FansUnite , hopes that bettors will choose them for their lower fees , increased transparency and security of information .
Duncan McIntyre , a Canadian lawyer , co-founder and COO of FansUnite , thinks that the current global slate of sports betting options is stacked against the individual user . They stated that due to a lack of real alternatives “ bettors [ have to ] tolerate high fees , the possibility of reneged or voided bets , and entrust their financial information to centralized third parties that are targets for immoral individuals . ”
FansUnite aims to be the sports betting platform that addresses these issues for bettors . McIntyre states that a large part of their value proposition stems from their team 's want to create more equity for bettors and change the current state of affairs . They go on to explain , “ large sportsbooks have little incentive to improve conditions for sports bettors . Why provide more equitable conditions when you have billions in revenue a year. ” FansUnite claims that their platform will be an industry leader by being the first ever to offer a juice of only 1 % on all bets . This is in stark contrast to traditional sportsbooks that generally charge anywhere up to 5 % .
There is cause to believe their sincerity when they lament about the unfair state of sports betting currently . The FansUnite team does have a track record for wanting to improve conditions for sports bettors , having operated a virtual sportsbook for several years where members track their results and collaborate to try and beat the “ house ” . This is the very house that they are now trying to disrupt again with their new platform .
In addition , by utilizing blockchain technology to immutably store betting information on the Ethereum blockchain , FansUnite believes they have a solution to the reneging and voiding of bets observed by many bettors in poorly regulated markets . Data stored on the blockchain is simultaneously both more secure to tampering and readily transparent for bettors , who can verify their bets are executed exactly as entered by information readily viewable on the blockchain .
So let me start by saying that my first foray into blogging was this , a blog that explained to vegetarians how to cook meat . That was really strange , but , in my defense , I 've evolved as a vegetarian and have rediscovered my main reasons for wanting to continue with this lifestyle since that time . So sorry , and let 's move on !
I 'm 27 years old as of now , and I 've been a vegetarian ( pescatarian for you purists… ) since I was 7 years old . I saw the movie Babe and it traumatized me into being a better person . As time went on , I sort of just continued being a vegetarian out of habit , and I definitely never had the desire to eat meat . I also honestly never felt like I was missing out on anything , having not eaten meat for so long .
People would often get really frustrated when they asked my reasons for living this lifestyle . They were usually met with a shrug or something equally noncommittal . I finally just started saying that I did n't LIKE meat , because that sat with people much better than trying to say I had principles .. sort of .. but not really .
Recently , though , I got 2 sweet and adorable dogs . I never really had been a pet person for whatever reason . We had this cat that I was obsessed with when I was in 2nd grade , and they ended up running away when we moved to our new house . I sort of did n't want any more pets after that ( again… the trauma ! ) .
Look how sweet they are ! I never knew I could love any animal as much as I love these two . And it made my wheels start turning and got me really thinking a lot about animals and animal welfare in general . In college , I had a roommate whose grandmother was obsessed with pigs . They loved pigs because they said they were really smart . Recently , I Googled it , and some random website said that pigs are as smart as dogs and even as smart as 2 year olds ! Then , even though I do n't eat pork and have n't for 20 years , I started feeling really insanely guilty . I started looking up videos of factory farms and crying my eyes out . I was thinking about my two sweet dogs and how I do n't want them to ever feel any hurt or pain or fear . What makes one animal okay to eat and another animal not OK to eat ? Who decided ?
My husband is always exasperated with me because I watch all these horrible videos of factory farming and follow all these pages online with homeless dogs who need someone to love them . “ Stop watching those videos ! They just make you sad ! ” He 's totally right , but for some reason , I ca n't look away . There 's something seriously wrong with me . My feeling is that just because I do n't watch these things does n't mean they are n't happening ! Blissful ignorance is something of which I 'm not a fan . If we all walk around being intentionally ignorant so that we can remain comfortable , that 's pretty scary .
So , anyway , within my new found hobby of watching disturbing videos about factory farming , I came across lots of videos about the dairy industry . It 's really messed up . I do n't know why I always pictured cows casually and ethically being milked , but I totally did . These cows are kept pregnant , separated from their babies who are taken immediately and made into veal , and basically have to endure tremendous pain and poor treatment in dirty conditions for what .. so I can eat cheese ? I really like cheese , but Jesus . I also thought buying organic was doing something . Organically raised milk is not humanely raised milk , as I discovered . Sad but true .
So , as I often do , I called my mom to tell them about my outrage , and we were going to try to stop eating dairy aaaaaaaaaaand , we could n't . The first day I tried to do it , I ate a potato , some Fritos , some broccoli , and a piece of bread that probably was n't even vegan . I felt like I was dying , and I was really depressed . So , we are n't ready . And that makes me feel like such an asshole because I want to do this , but it 's just too damn hard . So , I 've decided to take small bites of this whole vegan thing and work my way up to it .
We are doing VEGAN MONDAYS .
Did you know that vegans save 198 animals each per year ? What 's 198 divided by 7 . I 'm not sure . Update : it 's 28 and some change . That 's a big impact you can have by going vegan one day a week . I 've found that since I 've been doing this for the past month and a half , I do n't dread Mondays , but I actually look forward to them and coming up with creative ways to be healthier and more conscious . It does n't feel like a sacrifice , but it does make me feel incredibly good about myself . Like all vegans do . So I hear . HAHA .
So , join me ! Here , I 'll be posting recipes , ideas , and tips to help you along your way ! Maybe we 'll get up to 2 days a week sooner than we think !
crime scene tape
Baton Rouge Police say 23-year-old Crystal Kinchen was arrested Wednesday and faces a charge of second-degree cruelty to a juvenile . ( file image )
( Brian Jackson )
BATON ROUGE -- Police have arrested a woman in Louisiana after their 1-year-old daughter was accidentally shot in the face by their 2-year-old son .
Baton Rouge Police say 23-year-old Crystal Kinchen was arrested Wednesday and faces a charge of second-degree cruelty to a juvenile . Online jail records do not list an attorney for them
Baton Rouge toddler shoots baby in face , police say The infant is in serious condition .
Sgt . L'Jean McKneely says the shooting happened Tuesday night while Kinchen and the two children were in a car that was parked at a strip mall .
Police say the 2-year-old boy picked up a gun that was left in the vehicle , and it accidentally discharged and struck the 1-year-old girl .
McKneely says the family drove the child to the hospital rather than waiting for an ambulance .
The 1-year-old is in critical condition .
In the U.S. , popular costume chains like Party City and Spirit Halloween generate huge revenues from the holiday event . In other countries , like the U.K. , large costume chains are a rarity , but Smeaton argues that the world of e-commerce is tackling this .
`` I think the ( costume industry ) is consolidating quickly . It 's always been an industry in ( Europe ) of 'mom and pop ' stores , but if you look in the U.S. there are big chains with over 1,000 stores , '' they said .
`` In ( Europe ) , because we 're such an advanced e-commerce market , it 's consolidating quickly around that , with players like Amazon and big costume websites . ''
Social media has also had a huge hand in promoting and diversifying the Halloween phenomenon . Gone are the days when skeletons , ghosts , witch , and pumpkins were the norm ; now it 's all about what 's trending and people `` sharing their experience . ''
Popular trending – and sometimes controversial – topics can see a huge boom in costume sales each year , Smeaton notes . They gave Miley Cyrus ' 2013 VMA ( Video Music Award ) outfit and Breaking Bad 's Walter White , as examples . Costumes expected to be a hit this year include Harley Quinn , Star Wars and Donald Trump , according to Google Trends .
Lake Tahoe is replenished with snowmelt from the surrounding High Sierra . ( George Rose/Getty Images )
The U.S. Forest Service said Fallen Leaf Campground just west of South Lake Tahoe will be closed from June 27 until July 1 . While the area is closed , workers will use pesticides to minimize the risk of future plague .
Workers will be dusting rodent burrows with pesticide that is a human-made version of a natural pesticide made from chrysanthemums and which has minimal effects to people or pets with direct contact , according to the forest service .
Plague is a bacterial disease that can be spread by flea bites or by direct contact with infected animals . It is often carried by fleas on rodents .
Symptoms of plague in humans include fever , chills , headache and weakness , and that prompt diagnosis and treatment greatly reduces the fatality rate .
Forest Service officials are reminding people not to feed wild rodents or tough sick or injured animals .
TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten . The Associated Press contributed to this report .
by John Faust
First , I should mention that Mark Millar 's Civil War arc is my favorite storyline in all comics . It is masterfully told and ahead of its time on so many levels . Although it was very cool to see the heroes comic book nerds grew up with duke it out in the bold realistic art style , the true genius of Civil War is that it tackles real social and political questions in an easily digestible and subversive way . Furthermore , it mirrors many of the issues currently facing America . Regarding the arc , Mark Millar said , “ I opted instead for making the superhero dilemma something a little different . People thought they were dangerous , but they did not want a ban . What they wanted was superheroes paid by the federal government like cops and open to the same kind of scrutiny . It was the perfect solution and nobody , as far as I 'm aware , has done this before . ”
In the comics , Civil War takes place in a world where superheroes are commonplace . Some are open about their identities while others prefer to keep them secret . Public sentiment is already divided on the problem of super vigilantes and their accountability . People know that superheroes save the world on a regular basis , but the heroes are never held accountable for the destruction their fights cause . The government 's answer to the superhero paradox is a bill called the Superhuman Registration Act ( SHRA ) . It requires anyone with superhuman abilities to unmask and register with the government as a “ human of mass destruction ” and become professional heroes . The HMDs will be given proper training and a salary and benefits as well as a SHIELD handler they are accountable to . Yet when the bill is first introduced it does not seem like it will pass , until the New Mutants incident .
The New Mutants incident begins with a superhero group known as the New Warriors.They are a younger group of heroes who do n't have the money to independently fund their super group , so they have the idea to pitch themselves with a reality TV show . Cameras follow the young hip heroes around in their adventures . And in order to raise ratings , the New Warriors decide to try to take down a group of very powerful villains living just outside Samford , Connecticut on the edge of a residential neighborhood . One of these villains is named Nitro and has the mutant ability to explode like a nuclear bomb . During the fight , Nitro escapes and a chase begins that results in Nitro being cornered near an elementary school and exploding on live television . This is the straw that breaks the camel 's back for the public , and the SHRA is passed almost unanimously in an emergency congressional session within days of the tragedy .
In Captain America : Civil War , the Sacovia Accords are signed after the Avengers botch an operation in the first scene of the movie . Frank Grillo ( Crossbones in the comics ) returned to exact their revenge on Cap for their defeat in the previous movie . After a pretty awesome fight scene , Grillo is cornered in a crowded market and detonates a suicide vest . Scarlett Witch is able to delay the explosion and throw Grillo into the air , but the explosion still detonates and destroys half of a hotel . It is in the wake of this tragedy that the Accords pass : they state that the Avengers should become a government strike team which only may act when sent by the UN .
The Accords and the Registration Act are similar in that both are hastily passed legislation giving the government sweeping powers over the lives of superheroes . In both stories , Captain America and Iron man are divided on the legislation for the same reasons . Cap refuses to sign because they feel that the decision to be a hero should be made by the hero and not the government . But Tony Stark sees the legislation as a necessity to win back the trust of the people , as well as put heroes in check . They feel that heroes must accept boundaries and limitations or they become no better than the villains they fight . The two viewpoints ask deep and important questions about our relationship with government and its role in our lives . I am absolutely floored that the writers of each version did such a fantastic job of showing both sides of the argument without making either viewpoint wrong or evil .
However , one of the great advantages of the comic version of the Civil War story is that we can see inside the thoughts of the characters . In the comics , Cap takes a stand based on civil liberties and what they see as the proper role of government . To him , the rights of super powered people are being infringed . They are n't given the choice to sign up to be soldiers–they must , or they will be hunted down and jailed in a special prison . The special prison , called Project 42 , is actually in a separate dimension and outside all jurisdiction . It is an interesting side note that this secret prison bears striking similarities to Guantanamo Bay , where prisoners are sent and kept without trial for an indeterminate amount of time . Civil War thus contains commentary on the global war on terror : it forces readers to ask themselves if the government should have the power to keep secret prisons which hold people without trial , for the sake of security . The prison actually becomes a major plot point in the story and a rallying cry for Captain America to their powered colleagues .
On the other hand , the Tony Stark of the comics is the former Secretary of Defense , and they use their political ties to be an advocate for powered people in government . Even though they believe that the Registration Act is an inevitability , they fight the bill politically as long as they can . Tony foresees that many heroes rejecting the Act and begins to make plans early to get as many heroes as they can on board . They even meet with a group of all the heads of the major superhero teams to get them on board to smooth the transition . Most notably , they take Peter Parker on as their heir and personal assistant . Spider-Man is one of the most respected masked heroes among heroes , and their comic book history is full of villains discovering their identity and attacking their loved ones . After the New Mutants Incident , Tony and Peter both unmask and share their stories to the press in Washington DC , revealing their identities to the world . They want to give human faces to heroes in the eyes of the people and show that they are just like everyone else .
Many of the problems the heroes face in the stories are astonishingly identical to problems in America . In the comics and the movie , a national tragedy serves as the inciting incident for the plot . Similarly , in 2006 , the scars of the 9/11 terrorist attacks ( much like the tragedies in the comics and movie ) were still fresh in the world 's psyche , and the media was beginning to show it . The success of the Sam Raimi Spider-Man movies and X-Men 2 signaled to studios that the masses were ready for superhero movies . The hope , bright colors , and heroism seemed to strike a nerve with audiences . And they paved the way for the superhero movie renaissance and box office smashing films of today .
Also in 2006 , nationalism was dialed up to 11 across the US . The wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were in full swing and American flags were everywhere . Commercials were telling us to buy cars so that the terrorist would n't win . US Representatives Bob Ney and Walter B. Jones directed the House cafeterias to call French fries “ freedom fries. ” Reactionary legislation like The Patriot Act was being passed without much thought to its long-term effects . There were many debates over constitutionality , liberties , and freedoms , but to directly criticize many of these policies was seen by the public as un-American .
It is said that art imitates life , and Marvel comics has a long history of tackling difficult social issues . Civil War 's SHRA has direct parallels to the Patriot Act . The “ Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act ” is better known by its far more marketable name , the Patriot Act . It was also passed in reaction to a national tragedy and gave the government sweeping powers in the name of safety . The 342 page Act was brought to the House floor on September 23rd 2001 and passed the next morning ; it passed the Senate the day after that . The Act gave the government power to invade the privacy of its citizens in the name of security . These powers later became the basis and justification for the NSA to collect data on every American . Some of them include “ sneak and peek ” warrants which allow the FBI to search your property without informing you until after the search is complete and issue general warrants without a judge 's authorization . The 4th amendment to the Constitution guarantees the right of privacy against unlawful search and seizure . A warrant from a judge is the check on government power to be sure that there is a good reason for a search . Without the requirement of a judge 's signature , the government can search anyone for anything they deem necessary . It is difficult to believe that Captain America would agree with any of these .
Both versions of Civil War encourage people to ask where the line should be between security and freedom . Even though it is incredible to have all of these heroes together at once , the story truly differentiates itself by asking difficult and complex questions of its readers , many of whom had never considered where the line should be drawn between security and freedom , or what the proper role of government should be in our lives . Making comic book readers think about society and politics is one of the major reasons why Civil War has gone down as one of the greatest comic book storylines of all time . The story takes two beloved heroes and gives them real motives with valid points of view ; it presents two sides to a complex problem without trying to sway people to one side or the other . That is why I love Marvel 's Civil War .
With Sen. Bernie Sanders set to become the top Democrat on the Senate Budget Committee this week after Republicans take control of Congress , the Vermont lawmaker is wasting no time remaking the panel that writes the government 's budget in their image .
After naming a self-described “ deficit owl ” as their chief economist , Sanders has hired well known progressive operative and writer Matt Stoller to advise the committee on Wall Street and other economic issues . Stoller started last Monday as senior policy adviser on financial services , trade and economic issues , a spokesperson confirmed to msnbc .
Sanders is sure to clash with incoming committee chair Mike Enzi , a Wyoming Republican who will set the agenda for the committee and hold its gavel . That will prevent Sanders from pushing their agenda very far , but the post will give Sanders a key perch to speak out against Republican funding priorities . Sanders will likely play the role of loyal opposition , though the Vermont senator says he 's committed to bipartisan work .
RELATED : Bernie Sanders lays out economic agenda
Stoller , who most recently held a similar job under liberal firebrand Florida Rep. Alan Grayson , rose to prominence during the Bush era as a widely read progressive blogger and has gone on to have a varied career in politics and media . That included stints producing for msnbc 's “ The Dylan Ratigan Show ” and co-starring in the first season of FX 's “ Brand X with Russell Brand ” as the British actor 's political analyst .
During their several years working with Grayson , Stoller worked on legislation to audit and reform the Federal Reserve , along with bills that dealt with foreclosure fraud and financial reform .
Sanders , who is eyeing a 2016 presidential bid , will become ranking member of the Budget Committee when Congress reconvenes Tuesday .
“ At a time when the middle class is disappearing and the gap between the rich and everybody else is growing wider , we need a budget which reflects the needs of working families and not Wall Street and the top 1 % , ” Sanders said upon being named to the post last month .
The Independent self-described Democratic-socialist also recently named academic Stephanie Kelton as their chief economist .
RELATED : Sanders : Make Election Day a holiday
Kelton , the chairperson of the economics department at the University of Missouri-Kansas City , who used to tweet under the handle “ @ DeficitOwl ” ( as opposed to a “ deficit hawk ” ) is a leader in a school of thought known as Modern Monetary Theory that advocates for some deficit spending as a means to grow the economy . This year , they gave a lecture titled “ A Heartwarming Tale of Debt and Deficits in the Modern Economy . ”
Sanders has filled out their staff ranks with experts from various Washington policy organizations plugged into the progressive movement . As senior tax analyst , Sanders hired Steve Wamhoff , the former legislative director of Citizens for Tax Justice . To lead defense policy , Sanders brought on board Ethan Rosenkranz from the Project On Government Oversight , a watchdog group that often criticizes Pentagon waste .
And as their budget policy director , Sanders hired Josh Smith , formerly of the liberal Economic Policy Institute think tank . Smith previously worked with the Congressional Progressive Caucus to craft their progressive budget alternative in the House .
Coordinating their work will be staff director Warren Gunnels , who told msnbc they were excited by the ” top-notch staff that will be focused on the senator 's top priorities . ”
It 's another sign of the resurgence of the progressive left , which is aiming to move the Democratic Party on key issues ahead of the 2016 presidential election .
The previous top Democrat on the powerful Budget Committee , Washington Sen. Patty Murray , was an often-praised low-profile deal-maker who brokered a major 2013 government funding bill with House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , the 2012 Republican vice presidential nominee .
This article has been updated to include the names of additional hires .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Police were deployed to defuse ethnic tensions in Skopje last month
Macedonian police have arrested 20 `` Islamist '' terror suspects in connection with the lakeside murder of five men near the capital Skopje .
Interior Minister Gordana Jankulovska said the suspects were mostly Macedonian citizens and some would be charged with terrorism .
They said some had fought against Nato troops in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The arrests came during raids by 800 police officers in Skopje on Monday . The killings took place last month .
There was no claim of responsibility for the lakeside attack , which rekindled fears of ethnic violence in Macedonia .
The victims were four men in their late teens and 20s and a 40-year-old .
In March there were clashes between youths from Macedonia 's Slavic majority and the ethnic Albanian minority .
A peace deal was signed in August 2001 to end heavy fighting between the two communities in the former Yugoslav republic .
“ He does n't have much to do with me , and I do n't have much to say about him , ” Rick Kasich said in their first extended interview with a reporter .
They said they had watched about five minutes of a Republican debate before the Ohio primary but has not paid close attention to their brother 's campaign . They had no plans to attend the event in McKees Rocks .
People who have worked closely with Mr. Kasich are vaguely aware of their brother , but the governor never discusses them on the campaign trail and declined to be interviewed about him .
Their campaign did send a statement on behalf of Mr. Kasich and other relatives :
“ We love Rick deeply and have shared the struggles that their disease brings with it . As families with a loved one living with mental illness know , you take it one day at a time , and some days are better than others .
Image “ He does n't have much to do with me , and I do n't have much to say about him , ” Richard Kasich said of their brother . Credit Trip Gabriel/The New York Times
“ In the process , we have all become sensitive to and supportive of the needs of those living with this disease . Among the ways we support them is by working hard to protect their privacy , and we hope others respect that also . ”
With gray hair falling below their shoulders and sunglasses that they rarely remove , Rick Kasich spoke to a reporter outside a Pittsburgh coffee shop last week , dropping the butts of one Pall Mall after another into a cup of water . They had agreed to be interviewed and they talked freely about their mental illness and their relationship with the governor , as well as about their life and their decades in the area .
A Pittsburgh Pirates hat sat on a table . They said they had been to just one Pirates game in their life . “ It was years ago , when the Pirates were at Three Rivers Stadium , ” they said . “ There were teenagers smoking pot on the ramp . I said I 'd never go to another game again . ”
Katy Perry 's appearance at the MTV Awards earlier this month in West Ham United lingerie – a tribute to their boyfriend Russell Brand – has provided the club with an unlikely new revenue stream .
The American singer appeared at the ceremony in a West Ham basque , complete with the team 's badges on their chest , prompting the club to commission a special limited-edition range of underwear for sale to fans . West Ham say they were `` responding to huge demand '' .
The designer Siobhan Dillon 's creation , made from replica shirts , was seen by millions of viewers around the world : a limited-edition run of copies will be sold for £300 each .
`` I thought it would be cool to try and make the shirt as football-oriented as possible , '' said Dillon . `` So , I used the collars along the top of the brassiere and used the two badges on the front . It was made entirely from the three shirts , but we had to take the Airtex out and replace it with some lining . ''
Fanned by warm , dry winds , the fires have grown so big , so fast , that the immediate goal fire officials set was not so much to stop the spread as to slow it , to channel it away from threatened cities and towns , and to save lives . Saving homes and businesses was secondary .
Statewide , 22 major fires burned on Wednesday , having consumed 170,000 acres since the outbreak began on Sunday night , up from 17 fires and 115,000 acres the day before , and the confirmed death toll rose to 21 , from 17 , with hundreds of other people reported missing , said Ken Pimlott , the chief of Cal Fire . Officials threw out sobering figures on the scale of the devastation , with the caveat that the numbers were just estimates , sure to rise when the crisis has abated enough to allow an accurate damage assessment . Thousands of structures have been destroyed , many more are threatened , and tens of thousands of people have been displaced .
In the hardest-hit region , in Napa and Sonoma Counties , where the sun was an orange dot in a leaden haze , six fires had burned more than 91,000 acres by Wednesday , up from 66,000 the day before . New evacuation orders were issued for previously intact neighborhoods , and the largest of the conflagrations spread from Napa into neighboring Solano County .
Download Free 4K Anamorphic Lens Flares
Download free lens flares for video
Learn how to successfully use lens flares in your edit
Customised lens flare plugins and effects reviewed
When it comes to adding cool looking anamorphic lens flare effects to your projects , made most famous by director JJ Abram over-use , there are three ways to do it .
Shoot with anamorphic lenses and capture light streaks in camera Add an overlay layer of a pre-shot anamorphic lens flare Create an animated or computer generated lens flare that dynamically interacts with your light sources
In this post you 'll find tutorials , tips and freebies for options 2 and 3 , although you may already have the ability to add lens flares to your project right from inside your NLE or grading app of choice . We 'll get to that too .
2018 Update – If you want to learn how to add real custom optical flares to your edit and grade , using Video CoPilot 's Optical Flares , mFlare2 or DaVinci Resolve Studio , jump over to this post .
Free 4K Lens Flares
High quality free lens flares are fairly hard to come by online . In putting this post together it 's been a bit of a challenge to find freebies worth drawing your attention to , however , the VFX Central Anomaly Lens Flare pack is one of the few exceptions .
> > Download Free Anomaly 4K Lens Flare < <
Used on the exceptionally well-crafted film Anomaly ( check it out in full here ) directed by Salomon Ligthelm and Dan DiFelice , the collection of 53 anamorphic lens flares were captured on a Red Epic in 4K resolution . You can see them in action in the VFX reel above .
You can download a freebie from their 53 element 4K ( 3296 x 1350 ) lens flare and bokeh pack and save 25 % off the normal $ 100 price by signing up to their newsletter .
UPDATE 2018 – You need to sign up to the VFX Central newsletter to access the free lens flare now , but you can also grab yourself a 2K fire explosion , 4K loop-able embers and a 4K dust drop effect – among other things ! )
Aaron from VFXCentral was kind enough to also offer my readers a chance to save 25 % off all of their products with the discount code : ‘ 25offv2 ‘ .
So make sure you take advantage of the opportunity !
> > Download Free Anomaly 4K Lens Flare < <
In this short tutorial from Aaron of VFX Central you can learn how to composite the lens flares convincingly in FCPX , Premiere Pro and DaVinci Resolve .
Aaron shares a helpful tip at the end of the tutorial which is that to get the most out of this kind of flares you need to ensure that your flare and bokeh both compliment the shot and that the motion of the elements you 're compositing match the general motion of your camera movement . It 's all too easy to slap something on and without the required consideration .
Rampant Design Free 4K Lens Flares and More !
> > Download Free 4K Lens Flares from Rampant Design < <
Rampant Design have a paid suite of 4K lens flares ( see paid section below ) but they also give a ton of free 4K lens flares , film burns , light leaks , overlays , animated mattes and a lot more .
In fact there are over 40+ free 4K ‘ Effects Kits ' , including four 4K lens flares , sampled directly from their $ 99 Studio Flares pack , which contains a whopping 511 organic flares .
In the video tutorial above Sean Mullen , founder of Rampant Design , demonstrates how to download their library of freebies ( click this link ) as well as how to composite them into your shot .
The price for all these freebies is signing up to their newsletter , which I have done previously .
One question that Sean tackles in the video is ; why would I want to download 4K elements if I only work in HD ?
The answer is : flexibility .
The far larger 4K element means you 've got , literally , more room to manoeuvre , compositing either parts of the flare or the whole scaled flare . This really helps you to blend the flare into the shot convincingly .
Sean shares a fistful of other tips on getting more from the flares in the rest of the video .
> > Download Free 4K Lens Flares from Rampant Design < <
2018 Update – 17 Free 4K Anamorphic Lens Flares
Premiumbeat.com are giving away 17 free 4K anamorphic lens flare overlays in this new blog post , which also explains how to use them in Adobe Premiere , After Effects and Final Cut Pro .
The promo video above both showcases the flares and demonstrates how you could use them in your own projects .
> > Download 17 Free 4K Lens Flares from Premiumbeat.com < <
The total download when unzipped comes to about 800 MB , and each of the flares has a blue hue to it . I think number 5 might be my favourite !
More Free Lens Flares
The only other real source of quality free lens flares that I could find was from a sub section of this collection of free HD resources from Projector Films . Each one is delivered as a 1080p Pro Res mov or H.264 mp4 .
Jump to this page to see the full collection and get a detailed description of each element , or hit the following links to directly download my favourites of the free lens flares .
If you like what you see , be sure to head over to Projector films for the rest and even donate to them as a thank-you !
> > Classic lens flare sweep < <
> > Twitching lens flare < <
> > Light facets lens flare < <
Download Anamorphic Lens Flare Packs
If you are using lens flares a lot in your editing projects – say if you 're cutting a lot of music videos , trailers or commercials , then you might want to invest in a full suite of lens flares to add to your editing toolkit . Here are a couple of suggestions on where to look for pre-built lens flares to add to your project in a flash .
Rocketstock.com
The new 4K Radium lens flare pack from Rocketstock.com features the following elements , which you can see in action in the promo video above .
70 organic video lens flares
25 transitions
10 accent streaks ( for titles )
15 title backgrounds
It 's currently on sale at just $ 99 for all 120 elements , which makes them less than a buck each !
The download is pretty light at 4.5GB so you wo n't be waiting around for the download as much as some of the other solutions . The pack also includes some video tutorials on how to use and customise the shots in your edit too .
Buy Radium – $ 99
Rampant Design Tools
Epic effects supplier Rampant Design has a huge selection of products to choose from on their website . Their Studio Flares pack features a whopping 531 individual organic flares filmed on a Red Epic , which are featured in the promo video above .
You can choose to download the flares in a variety of resolutions , each with an corresponding price increase . But at just $ 99 for 531 2K flares , the Studio Flares from Rampant Design is definitely the most cost effective of the paid for packs in this list .
Upping the resolution to 4K doubles the price to $ 199 but also provides you with the option of ordering the pack on a USB 3 drive for Mac or Windows .
It 's nice that you can download a PDF contact sheet of each of the 531 flares to get some sense of what you 're going to get , although it 's not quite as effective as MotionVFX 's preview gifs ( but then again , they only have to demo 50 files ) .
Buy Studio Flares – $ 99
UPDATE – Natural Flares
Rampant Design also has a second set of flares that could come in handy . The Natural Flares pack is a much more streamlined set of 85 organic flares that have a much more natural look to them , rather than the anamorphic sci-fi feel of the Studio Flares pack .
The pricing works in the same way as the Studio Flares pack , in that it starts at $ 99 for a 2K resolution Pro Res download . $ 199 for 4K ( 4096 x 2160 ) Pro Res download and $ 499 for a USB-3 drive of 5K ( 5120 x 2700 ) Pro Res files .
To my eye you 're potentially going to get more use out of the natural flares as they provide a much subtler and more naturalistic polish to your shots , but the Studio Flares pack is obviously a lot better value for money if you 're simply counting files to dollars !
Again you can download a PDF preview sheet to see what you 're going to get . It 's also worth noting that there is no overlap between the packs , they 're completely different sets of flares .
Rampant have also recently released the Rampant Previewer app , which is a free app for iPhone and iPad that lets you look inside any of their products , and preview every single file .
This is hugely helpful and , I think , makes for a much more confident purchase . It works well on the iPad too as you get a much bigger preview window than on an iPhone ( obviously ) . Download the free Rampant Preview App here .
Buy Natural Flares
Rampant Design 's sales page for the Studio Flares pack also features a couple of helpful tutorials on how to use the flares inside of Premiere Pro and FCPX .
Motionvfx
MotionVFX has a pack of 50 organic anamorphic 4K lens flares available for $ 99 . The files have been shot on a Phantom Flex and are delivered in Pro Res 422 HQ and weighing in at hearty 61 GB .
The website is really well put together with hoverable gifs that give you a preview of every single lens flare , which lets you get a good sense of what you 're actually buying . It 's also nice that the 4K resolution is actually genuinely 4K ( 4096 x 2304 ) rather than UHD .
You can download a sample flare but it is watermarked , it would have been nice if this was was a genuine freebie , but at least you can ‘ try before you buy ' .
Buy mAnamorphic – $ 99
Lens Flare Plugins and Effects
Video Copilot 's Optical Flares is the daddy of lens flare plugins available for After Effects users . Created by Andrew Kramer and their team it 's a hugely comprehensive way to add 3D lens flares to your scene with a host of animated parameters .
While we 're on the subject of great plugins and because you 're on the hunt for freebies it 's well worth taking the time to rummage through the Video Copilot blog to find some of the many freebies Andrew has given away including :
The feature set is so deep that you 'll really want to take some time browsing the Optical Flares page , especially the ‘ key features ' section which links to a 16 part video tutorial series guiding you through every part of the plugin , to get a true sense of all that it can do for you .
Some of the plugin 's highlights include on-lens simulations of dust and scratches , 3D occlusion ( light behind layers is blocked ) , chromatic aberration , auto light shimmering and more .
The core of Optical Flares are 12 individual objects that make up each flare and can be adjusted and animated to create entirely bespoke lens flares to suit your project .
The major benefit of a plugin like this that you can a ) customise everything and b ) have it seamlessly interact with your shot ( or fake that is clever ways ) as opposed to simply slapping one layer of video on top of another .
Depending on the effect you are trying to achieve , a simple video layer flare might work a treat . But if you 're serious about lens flares , this is the plugin for you !
Also , if you do n't have time to get into the nitty gritty of customising the flares , you can purchase a bundle featuring one or two flare preset packs . The pricing breaks down as follows :
Plugin with 60 presets and 90 minutes of bonus video tutorials ( $ 124.95 )
The full plugin as above with an additional Pro preset pack of 50 flares ( $ 139.95 )
The full plugin with Pro Presets 1 and 2 – totalling 160 pre set flares ( $ 160 )
The main plugin is for After Effects but there 's also a version available for Nuke too .
Buy Optical Flares for After Effects
Custom Lens Flare Tutorials
Update 2018 – ResolveFX Lens Flare is still part of the Studio version of DaVinci Resolve but the price is now $ 299 .
DaVinci Resolve Studio 12.5.2 now features a fully GPU accelerated lens flare effect , so if you happen to own the full $ 999 version you can create as many customised lens flares as you like !
The lens flare effect is not as fully featured as something like Video Copilot 's Optical Flares , but with the acquisition and development of Fusion we 'll hopefully see more and more high-end features migrate across to Resolve too .
It 's one of three effects that are n't part of the free version of Resolve ( along with grain and lens blur ) , which is part of Blackmagic 's way of enticing you to upgrade .
I 'm also pretty sure we 'll see people selling packs of Resolve lens flare presets fairly soon , but in the meantime there are numerous presets that ship with Resolve too .
To learn how to incorporate Resolve effects into your scene check out this episode of the always excellent Resolve in a Rush from Alexis Van Hurkman . Alexis uses the new point tracker to ‘ stick ' the flare into the shot and match it 's motion .
I originally included this video in this massive round up of Resolve 12.5 tutorials , which features several other tutorials on using Resolve FX .
For one of the best tutorials I 've seen on using Resolve 's built in lens flare OFX effect check out this 12-minute video tutorial from professional colorist Dan Moran over on MixingLight.com .
Dan shares a bevy of tips on how to best customise , composite and grade lens flares , with a subtle hand , into your shots . You 'll need to be a member to watch this though , or you get 7 days of free access with a Mixing Light test drive .
After Effects Lens Flare Tutorial
In this highly viewed tutorial by Eli from ch-ch-checkit.com you can learn a few useful tricks on how to customise the in-built lens flare effect that ships with After Effects .
The tutorial is n't perfect , and it could be a heck of a lot shorter but it is still worth watching if you 're trying to create a decent looking , bespoke lens flare with only After Effects at your disposal .
Following their brother 's complaints about the media in Toronto making them out to be a bad guy , J.Q . Arencibia had this to say about their firing as an accountant at a leading firm :
I did n't expect going in that my numbers were going to be analyzed like that . You know , I think it 's pretty ridiculous that I was singled out as the villain of the office when all I did was botch everyone 's tax return . I showed up , I did my job , or at least I tried to , and then people in the “ human resources department ” start looking at you like you 're some kind of monster for doing an extremely poor job at calculating things , and then they start telling other people , and my secretary stopped following me on Twitter , and I did end up speaking to my boss about all of this , but they just said it came along with the territory of being an accountant . I thought I was going to be part of the future of this firm and not be made a scapegoat just because all of the clients left after they got audited , and demanded their money back . By describing the work I did as “ shoddy ” and “ bad , ” I really considered legal action . They defamed me . I tried to file a suit against them , but I messed that up too . But , you know what , it 's all in the past . Now I 'm doing what I love to do , at home , and even though no one 's paying me to file these tax returns on behalf of imaginary people and businesses , it 's a lot of fun , the atmosphere is great , and at least there 's no more poutine . And that 's all I have to say .
.- With the blessing of the cross raised up in the city of Bakhdida May 2 , the reconstruction of the towns in the Plain of Nineveh in Iraq destroyed by the Islamic State officially began .
Syrian Catholic Archbishop Youhanna Boutros Moshe of Mosul blessed the cross on a joyous morning with emotive dances by Christians . There are 13,000 damaged houses – 669 of which were completely destroyed by the Islamists – which will be rebuilt in three towns on the Plain of Nineveh : Bartella , Karemlesh , and Bakhdida .
The pontifical foundation Aid to the Church in Need ( ACN ) , which is collaborating on the reconstruction , estimated the total cost of the program to be in excess of $ 250 million .
To date ACN has provided around $ 500,000 to the Nineveh Reconstruction Commission .
Work has already begun on the rebuilding of 100 Christian homes in the communities , and during a May 8 ceremony the owners of each of the homes were given olive trees to be planted as symbols of peace and reconciliation .
Speaking to CNA Fr . Luis Montes , a missionary priest of the Institute of the Incarnate Word In Iraq , said that “ Christians are very hopeful with the beginning of the reconstruction of the cities of the Plain of Nineveh . ”
“ Most of those who have remained in Iraq – some estimate that they are half of those that originally fled from ISIS more than two years ago , the other half have probably already left the country – want to stay and return to their cities , ” they said .
However , they pointed out , “ you ca n't say the drama is over for several reasons , including the fact that the community has been greatly reduced and that is cause for sadness and for greater weakness both now and especially for the future . ”
“ In addition recovering all the territories that ISIS has taken does n't mean defeating them , because they will continue on as a clandestine group with attacks , just like the other terrorist groups , ” they pointed out .
According to the research firm RAND , the Islamic State has lost about 60 percent of the territory it controlled at the height of its power in late 2014 .
The largest offensive against the Islamist group conducted since in October 2016 by combined groups of the Iraqi army and the Kurdish Peshmerga militia , recovered villages in the Plain of Nineveh . Currently , the combined groups are fighting for control of Mosul .
Fr . Montes noted that “ Iraq has had dozens of attacks a month for more than ten years and that will continue . And you must n't forget that once the battle for Mosul is over tensions between the central government in Baghdad and the Kurdistan autonomous region will sharply pick up again . ”
“ Nevertheless , this does n't mean that this reconstruction process and the soon return of Christians to their homes is n't big news . Very big news ! But we must keep praying because it 's still a very long road , ” they urged .
Fr . Andrzej Halemba , head of ACN 's Near East division , said that with the start of reconstruction work in Bartella , Karemlesh , and Bakhdida , “ we want to send a clear signal to the thousands of Christian families driven from their homes in the Plain of Nineveh who now are living in an improvised and provisional way in Erbil , and other localities in Iraqi Kurdistan . ”
“ This is a decidedly historic moment . If we now miss the opportunity to help Christians return to their homes in the Plain of Nineveh , these families could make the decision to leave Iraq forever , and this would be a huge tragedy . ”
For Fr . Halemba “ the presence of Christians in this region is of vital importance , but not just from the historical point of view , but also from the political and cultural stance , ” since “ Christians represent a bridge of peace between the different Muslim groups at odds with each other ; they make a crucial contribution to the education system and are respected by all the moderate Muslims . ”
The priest appealed for both financial aid and prayers for the Christians in Iraq .
“ From all our brothers and sisters in the West we are not just asking for financial aid , but also prayers with which to support the courage of thousands of Iraqi Christians who have made the decision to return to their towns and remain in Iraq . ”
By the end of June 2017 ACN , which says it is the only international organization to consistently support the Christian exiles from the Nineveh plain since its capture by the Islamic State , will have spent more than $ 35 million in supporting the 12,000 Christian internally displaced persons in Kurdistan . Assistance has come in the form of monthly food aid , money for rent , medical help , the construction of schools , and the support of displaced clergy and women religious .
This undated shows Navy Fireman 3rd Class Edwin Hopkins of Keene , New Hampshire . —Photo courtesy of the family of Navy Fireman 3rd Class Edwin Hopkins via AP
CONCORD , N.H. ( AP ) — Nearly 75 years after sailor Edwin Hopkins died during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , their remains are coming home to New Hampshire .
Navy Fireman 3rd Class Hopkins was one of 429 men who died when the ship they were on , the USS Oklahoma , sank after being hit by torpedoes Dec. 7 , 1941 . Thirty-two men were rescued , but 14 Marines and 415 sailors were killed . Many of them , including Hopkins , were buried as “ unknowns ” in a Hawaii cemetery .
The 19-year-old from Swanzey , New Hampshire , was tentatively identified through dental records a few years later . But it took until 2015 before a DNA match with a distant cousin provided a positive ID .
Advertisement
Hopkins ' remains will arrive on a commercial plane Thursday in Boston and be transported to Dillant-Hopkins Airport in Keene , which is named in their honor . A visitation will be held Friday night at the airport , followed by a burial Saturday at Woodland Cemetery in Keene next to their parents , Frank Hopkins Sr. and Alice Hopkins .
Faye Boore , a niece of Hopkins from Delaware , said the family is glad he 's finally coming home after trying for years to get the government to exhume and identify the body .
“ My own goal through the whole thing was to bury them next to their parents , ” Boore said . “ I just felt they are n't resting in peace in an unmarked grave with several other people . I thought that they needed to be recognized . This is where they were from and who they are . ”
Hopkin 's casket will pass through the center of Keene on Saturday on the way to the cemetery and under an arch created by the city 's fire trucks .
The journey home started in 2008 when relatives were contacted by Ray Emory , a former sailor who had seen their uncle 's name on a World War II memorial in Washington D.C. Emory , who survived the Pearl Harbor attack , had started researching those who were lost on the Oklahoma and found that 22 of them , including Hopkins , had been buried as unknowns .
Advertisement
The effort intensified last year when the Pentagon 's Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency began digging up their remains because advances in forensic science and technology had made identification more feasible . The agency was able to identify Hopkins after getting a DNA sample from a distance cousin .
Of the 388 remains of Oklahoma crewmembers disinterred in 2015 , about 30 have been identified , according to the agency . Another crewmember , Navy Seaman 2nd Class James N. Phipps , of Rainier , Oregon , also has been identified and will be buried Oct. 17 in Portland , Oregon .
For Boore and their relatives , the return of Hopkins is a chance to celebrate a life that ended far too early . Like so many teenagers of their generation , Hopkins quit high school in Keene to join the armed services . They had hoped to learn a trade and serve with their brother , Frank Jr. , who ended up on the USS Hornet and USS Princeton — both of which were sunk by the Japanese .
Boore also said their repatriation honors a final wish of their parents , who “ always thought they would come home . ”
“ This makes me so happy for my grandparents , ” they said . “ It 's almost like the circle is complete now . ”
___
This story has been corrected to show Edwin Hopkins was from Swanzey , not Keene .
Home is where the heart is . But sometimes , when it comes to homes , there are people who seem destined to be heartbroken . Guy Gavriel Kay explains why , and the power of that peculiar condition , and how it comes to matter in their latest novel River of Stars .
GUY GAVRIEL KAY :
Sometimes a reader 's question stops you cold . Makes you cast an eye back over your own body of work and think about it differently . This can happen with an academic paper or a thoughtful review , but it feels more immediate when it is a direct query .
“ What is it with exile in your books ? ”
That 's what one of my publicists asked last month in the midst of an email covering all sorts of things from the need for me to write some essays for their ( voila ! ) to new author photos ( truth in advertising was hinted at ) , to timing the release of Advance Reading Copies of River of Stars into the blogosphere , to how many puns I am allowed to make on Twitter . ( I won that one . )
They did n't say , “ Tell me about ‘ exile ' in River of Stars ” , which would have been fairly straightforward because it is a major theme there . ( We 'll get to that . ) No , they threw it out as an overarching thought across all my books .
I started to track back . ( Some mild spoilers in this . ) Right away , in Fionavar , we had Matt Sören exiled , and Aileron . And Torc 's father . Three in a row – in the first volume of the trilogy .
Tigana is so much about the implications and reverberations of exile , physical and spiritual . An epigraph from Dante sets it up :
All that you held most dear you will put by
and leave behind you : and this is the arrow
the longbow of your exile first lets fly .
You will come to know how bitter as salt and stone
is the bread of others , how hard the way that goes
up and down stairs that never are your own .
( You think I was going to miss a chance to quote those stunning words ? That 's the John Ciardi translation of the Paradiso , by the way . )
In A Song for Arbonne the protagonist is in self-imposed exile from their homeland ( very real , notwithstanding ) and a woman flees that same homeland , later . In Lions of Al-Rassan , both of the male protagonists are exiled by their monarchs . The book came together for me in the research phase when I realized , from two different books , that the real figures who inspired my characters had been exiled by different kings to the same city at the same time . I do n't think anyone had ever noted it . It was a gift for me , as a storyteller .
The two Sarantium books have many characters leaving home for far away , sometimes by painful choice , sometimes under orders , one sold , one fleeing assassination . They all look at the city where they arrive through stranger 's eyes . Last Light of the Sun is anchored in the reality that an exile in that harsh northern world was utterly exposed and unprotected . One needed a framework of family and community to have a decent chance to survive . In Ysabel , the principle narrator is also a long way from home but they are n't ‘ exiled ' . On the other hand , the two thousand year old love triangle at the heart of the book has three figures exiled in time , desperately far from their origins and their world .
In Under Heaven one of the female protagonists is ‘ married to a far horizon ' , sent into exile as a bride to a steppe tribe the empire wants pacified , and a different princess has set the plot in motion from their own marriage-into-exile . The response of poets to the sorrow of such women reverberates through Chinese literature and I wanted it in the book .
So , yes , I 've been exploring this for a long time . The question nailed it . I owe someone a martini .
We all have our understanding of human nature and the world . Our themes as writers shift as we change as people and artists ( or they should , I think ) . A motif might drift away , and later re-emerge to be explored differently – because we are different and the world is for us .
I find exile to be one of the most powerful ways to present and explore a character in extremis . The intensity of that . Longing for the homeland . The idea of exile also lets a novelist , if he 's done their or their homework , underscore elements of the society being evoked . Why are people exiled ? What does it mean to them ? For those left behind ?
It also , from a technical , ‘ writerly ' perspective , can set up a viewpoint for the reader : if someone is experiencing a new place ( cynically , fearfully , arrogantly ? ) , their observations and reactions become a way in for the reader who is , obviously , also ‘ away from home ' .
In River of Stars , my newest , the idea of political exile is a dominant one in the culture I 'm shaping , drawn from harsh historical reality . As prime ministers and their followers came into and out of power around erratic emperors , the people that were ‘ out ' were … well , they were way , way out during the Song Dynasty which inspired this book .
Exile could be mild – to your country estate or your home town . But it could also be , and more and more often it became , a way of killing a man ( and their wife and children and extended family ) without drawing blood . Exiling someone over mountains and through jungles to the steaming hot , malarial south had … predictable effects . A cycle of political revenge emerged in that dynasty ( and in my novel ) built around sending people to places where , as Goldfinger said to 007 , ‘ I expect you to die , Mr Bond . '
I do n't write novels inspired by history to offer easy parallels to our own time . That can feel lazy , or glib , or both . But I do find immense richness in seeing how the past is both startlingly similar and amazingly strange , and thereby giving myself ( and the reader ) something to think about in the midst of a story I hope will keep them turning pages late .
Let 's just say , as a conclusion , that I want you exiled from your own life in the world River of Stars creates . Then ( extending the image ) when you finish the book , you come home – with something gained from that time away .
In all the stories and studies of the mythic ‘ hero 's journey ' it is n't the adventure away that is critical , it is the coming home with treasure ( of many different kinds , including wisdom ) , that is the key . I like books that take us away , and guide us back with something new . I try to write that way .
—-
River of Stars : Amazon|Barnes & Noble|Indiebound|Powell 's
Read an excerpt . Visit the author 's tour journal . Follow them on Twitter .
Go to : Local weather forecast by `` City , St ''
Go to : Local weather forecast by `` City , St ''
Adjacent Sectors :
Sectors Northern U.S .
Southern U.S .
U.S. Views Reflectivity :
Radars by State National Map -- -- -- Alabama Birmingham E. Alabama Fort Rucker Mobile Nrn . Alabama -- -- -- Alaska Bethel Biorka Is . Fairbanks Kenai King Salmon Middleton Is . Nome Pedro Dome Sitka -- -- -- Arizona Flagstaff Phoenix Tucson Yuma -- -- -- Arkansas Little Rock W. Ark./Ft . Smith -- -- -- California Beale AFB Edwards AFB Eureka Hanford Los Angeles Sacramento San Diego San Francisco San Joaquin Vly . Santa Ana Mtns Vandenberg AFB -- -- -- Colorado Denver/Boulder Grand Junction Pueblo -- -- -- Delaware Dover AFB -- -- -- Florida Eglin AFB Jacksonville Key West Melbourne Miami NW Florida Tallahassee Tampa Bay Area -- -- -- Georgia Atlanta Moody AFB Peachtree City Robins AFB -- -- -- Guam Andersen AFB -- -- -- Hawaii Kauai Kohala Molokai South Shore -- -- -- Idaho Boise Pocatello -- -- -- Illinois Central IL Chicago -- -- -- Indiana Evansville Indianapolis Nrn . Indiana -- -- -- Iowa Des Moines Quad Cities -- -- -- Kansas Dodge City Goodland Topeka Wichita -- -- -- Kentucky Fort Cambell Jackson Louisville Paducah -- -- -- Louisiana Fort Polk Lake Charles New Orleans Shreveport -- -- -- Maine Caribou Portland -- -- -- Maryland Baltimore -- -- -- Massachusetts Boston -- -- -- Michigan Detroit Gaylord Grand Rapids Marquette -- -- -- Minnesota Duluth Minneapolis -- -- -- Mississippi Columbus AFB Jackson/Brandon -- -- -- Missouri Kansas City Springfield St. Louis -- -- -- Montana Billings Glasgow Great Falls Missoula -- -- -- Nebraska Hastings North Platte Omaha -- -- -- Nevada Elko Las Vegas Reno -- -- -- New Jersey Mt . Holly -- -- -- New Mexico Albuquerque Cannon AFB Holloman AFB -- -- -- New York Albany Binghamton Buffalo Montague New York City Upton -- -- -- North Carolina Durham Morehead City Raleigh Wilmington -- -- -- North Dakota Bismarck Grand Forks Minot AFB -- -- -- Ohio Cincinnati Cleveland Dayton Wilmington -- -- -- Oklahoma Frederick Oklahoma City Tulsa Vance AFB -- -- -- Oregon Medford Pendleton Portland -- -- -- Pennsylvania Philadelphia Pittsburgh State College -- -- -- Puerto Rico/V.I . -- -- -- South Carolina Charleston Columbia Greenville Spartanburg Greer -- -- -- South Dakota Aberdeen Rapid City Sioux falls -- -- -- Tennessee Knoxville Memphis Morristown Nashville Tri Cities -- -- -- Texas Amarillo Austin Brownsville Central Texas Corpus Christi Dallas Dyess AFB El Paso Fort Worth Galveston Houston Laughlin AFB Lubbock Midland/Odessa San Angelo San Antonio -- -- -- Utah Cedar City Salt Lake City -- -- -- Vermont Burlington -- -- -- Virginia Blacksburg Norfolk Richmond Roanoke Sterling Wakefield -- -- -- Washington Seattle Spokane Tacoma -- -- -- Washington DC Washington -- -- -- West Virginia Charleston -- -- -- Wisconsin Green Bay La Crosse Milwaukee -- -- -- Wyoming Cheyenne Riverton
Additional Info :
Actor Lee Dong Wook sent a message of thanks to the supporters of “ Goblin ” !
On January 21 , King Kong Entertainment shared a video of the actor through Naver Cast and their official YouTube channel , where they talk about their role as Wang Yeo ( also known as Grim Reaper ) in the drama , which aired as a part of tvN 's 10th anniversary special .
With a Grim Reaper toy in their hands , they greeted the viewers , saying , “ I 'm actor Lee Dong Wook , who played Grim Reaper in the drama ‘ Goblin . ' ”
The actor shared , “ The drama 's genre was fantasy , and it had a lot of CG and action scenes that required so much time to make . There was a good bond among the actors , as well as between the actors and the staff , so we were able to finish happily . ”
They added , “ When the drama first started , I did n't know it would become this well-received . For giving the drama more love than I expected , I sincerely thank you . We ended 2016 and began 2017 with ‘ Goblin . ' I hope it was a happy , meaningful , and splendid time for you all . ”
Finally , the actor remarked , “ This 2017 , I hope you all stay healthy and happy . I 'll meet you all again with better acting and a fresh image . Please look forward to it . I 'll be thankful if you remember ‘ Goblin ' and Grim Reaper for a long , long time . ”
Watch the video message below !
Meanwhile , “ Goblin ” will air special episodes with bloopers , behind-the-scenes footage , and interviews on February 3 and 4 .
Catch the show on Viki exclusively in Europe !
Source ( 1 )
During the past few weeks , the fictional character of La Tocola has been generating chaos on social media and in the Costa Rican press , thanks to their direct handling of the controversial topic of marijuana . The creative crew responsible for causing all the commotion on the Internet includes Raquel Rivera Rivers ( acting and script ) , Alejandro Vargas ( production ) , Felipe Ramírez ( photography ) , Gabriel Arias ( graphic design ) , and Mario Porras S. ( effects ) .
The five friends began the La Tocola project , working together based on Rivers ' initial idea . A few videos that went viral made the character catch on fast : the La Tocola Facebook page has 172,599 followers as of this writing , which has catapulted them into the media spotlight .
“ The purpose of the character was to give myself exposure as an audiovisual communicator , ” Rivers told The Tico Times . “ I was looking for a way to be able to sustain myself economically without depending on the country 's audiovisual companies . ”
It 's important to distinguish between the main character and its creator , especially since many users of social media , and even members of the press , have gotten confused along the way about the fact that Kimberly “ La Tocola ” Bermúdez is not an actual person . Rivers , 24 , lives in Desamparados , south of San José , with their boyfriend and daughter . They study cinematography at Veritas University and in 2013 participated in the SHNIT International Shortfilm Festival with their submission , “ 6 de enero. ” Channel 7 will soon be releasing the TV series “ La María , ” which they wrote .
Rivers created the character of Kimberly Bermúdez when they were in high school .
“ Kimberly lives with their grandparents and their sister Yendry , who is epileptic . She 's a secretary and studies special education . Kimberly works hard and has a stable job , ” Rivers told The Tico Times .
“ I had various characters , so I had to make up my mind for one of them . All of them were controversial characters who created an upheaval among people , ” they added . “ The characters I had in mind were the nymphomaniac , the single mom , and La Tocola . In the end I had to choose the character for whom I had more material to write about , so I chose La Tocola . Them name is related to the fact that I 'm small and use marijuana a lot . The tocola is the small , last nub of the marijuana cigarette , and it has to do a lot with my size . ”
At first glance , La Tocola might seem to be an annoying pothead . However , their character is much more complex , and they have drawn fans by openly addressing marijuana use and legalization . All of their videos have an aesthetic that is pleasing to the eye .
“ I tried to see this project as a publicity platform for me and for my teammates . We always wanted to do a good job with it . … We 're very careful with the details , ” Rivers said .
La Tocola has an established script for each of the videos , and they never encourages their audience to use marijuana . They inform the audience about the drug itself and how it works , through humor . However , some of the character 's critics have asserted that by using humor , La Tocola is glorifying or making light of drug use .
Them first appearance on social media was on Feb. 5 with a video encouraging people to go out and vote for the municipal elections . Them videos # ElUsoDelFiltro and # QueridosPegatrónicos , released on February 18 and March 13 , respectively , then went viral and created a commotion on social media and in the press .
# ElUsoDelFiltro speaks about the use of a filter to roll a joint while smoking marijuana . # QueridosPegatrónicos presents La Tocola mocking their audience with an imitation of a televised address by President Luis Guillermo Solís . In the video , La Tocola criticizes Costa Rican society and communicates the inexistence of La Tocola as a real person . Both of these videos have reached an insane amount of views ; # QueridosPegatrónicos has had 1.5 million .
“ It was with the filter video that we realized we had to continue doing videos to create an outburst . That 's more or less the strategy . The outbursts occur at different times . The page is not growing the same way all the time . Suddenly , you make something that is politically incorrect which creates a polemic discussion . Depending on the content used , people take it more personally . Also , I tell people La Tocola is a fictional character , but they do n't notice it . Playing with the media is one of the things that has helped us , ” Rivers told The Tico Times .
In recent days , La Tocola has been interviewed by Teletica , La Nación , Diario Extra , La Prensa Libre , CRHoy , Noticias RTN , La Teja and many others .
On the live Telenoticias broadcast on March 16 . La Tocola spoke about their ( fictional ) family and the need to legalize marijuana to help their epileptic sister Yendry . Rivers also appeared as themselves to describe the benefits of medical marijuana and educating children by speaking to them about drugs .
“ The educational purpose behind this project is to learn about drug use , to speak about it , communicate and question it . [ Drug use ] includes pharmaceutical drugs , caffeine , and many others . It 's about understanding that marijuana is treated as a drug within this culture , but it 's a medicinal plant , ” Rivers said .
Check out every intimate detail of NASA 's Curiosity rover sitting at its home in Gale crater on Mars in this amazing high-resolution self portrait ( click to enlarge ) .
More Curiosity Selfies Curiosity Close-Ups : The Rover 's Detailed Photoshoot of Itself Curiosity Rover 's Self-Portraits Transport You to MarsTwo days ago , we showed one of the best rover selfies ever , which came from amateur astronomer Stuart Atkinson , who stitched together raw images beamed back from Curiosity . But the pictures used there were only thumbnail versions of the high-res pics . The above image represents the full-sized 5,400-pixel-wide version generated from the complete set of photographs . The detail is so stunning you can zoom in on Curiosity 's `` eye '' at the top and see a reflection of Mars and the rover 's arm .
The image was taken by Curiosity 's MAHLI hand-held camera , which sits on the end of the rover 's extendable arm . MAHLI snapped 55 pictures from different locations . The different positions overlapped just enough so that the arm could n't be seen in the final result .
What can be seen are tire tracks , scoops in the Martian dust that Curiosity made , and the foothills of the 3-mile-high Mount Sharp in the background , which Curiosity will be driving up in the coming years . The rover will be investigating this area for signs of habitability in the Martian past or present . NASA will present new results about the Martian atmosphere at 10 a.m. Pacific/1 p.m. Eastern , which may include analysis of methane on Mars , a possible indicator of geologic or biological activity .
Image : NASA/JPL-Caltech/Malin Space Science Systems
Police say 23-year-old Nimzay Aponte , seen here in a MySpace photo , was killed by a MySpace friend whom they refused to meet in person .
A Bronx woman who was stabbed by a man who stalked them online was able to lead police to their killer by whispering their name before they died , law enforcement officials said .
Nimzay Aponte , 23 , was attacked around lunchtime Tuesday as they sat in a Bronx park while taking a break from a job fair . A male friend sitting next to them on a park bench was also slashed , police said .
Police said the suspect , Raymond Dennis , had somehow figured out Aponte was attending the job seminar and found them in the park . There , stabbed them in the chest and their 25-year-old friend in the arm . The friend was listed in stable condition Friday . Police say Dennis and Aponte met once and then they rebuffed them and then they tracked them down .
As they were dying , Aponte whispered “ Mike did it , ” referring to a person they met online . It 's not clear how the two connected online . The Associated Press reports they chatted on AOL . The New York Daily News reported they met on AOL and Local-Hookupz.com and the New York Post said they connected on MySpace .
“ Mike ” is the screen name of Dennis , 35 , who was arrested on charges of second-degree murder in connection with the crime , police said . They have been arrested more than a dozen times for assault and drug possession , police said .
No one answered the phone at the address provided by police .
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
The planned strike saw US bomber pilots being put on high alert following the North 's shooting down of a US spy plane over the Sea of Japan in April 1969 , killing all 31 Americans on board .
Documents released by the National Security Archive in Washington detail plans for Operation Freedom Drop which included conventional war and a nuclear attack using bombs 20 times the size of that dropped on Hiroshima .
A memo dated June 1969 to Richard Nixon 's national security adviser , Henry Kissinger , listed `` pre-co-ordinated options for the selective use of tactical nuclear weapons against North Korea '' to knock out 12 key command centres , airfields and naval bases .
The memo also outlined a more drastic option that would have completely nullified Pyongyang 's capacity to retaliate against the US strike .
`` An attack with nuclear weapons with a yield of 70 kt [ kilotons ] each to neutralise the North Korean air order of battle in response to a North Korean air attack on South Korea , '' the memo said .
`` All 16 major North Korean airfields can be struck under this option . '' The levels of tension at the time of the North Korean downing of the US spy plane were extremely high , according to a former US bomber pilot , Bruce Charles , who told National Public Radio in Washington that they were ordered to make preparations for a nuclear strike .
Hours after the North Korean attack , Mr Charles said they were summoned by their commanding officer . `` When I got to see the colonel , it was very simple . They described the shooting down of the EC-121 about a hundred miles at sea . And that they had a message , which they showed me at that time , saying to prepare to strike my target , '' Mr Charles told NPR .
However after several hours of waiting , the order was given to stand down . `` The order to stand down was just about dusk , and it was not a certainty . The colonel said , 'It looks like from the messages I 'm getting , we will not do this today . I do not know about tomorrow , ' '' Mr Charles recalled .
Despite the memos showing that Washington considered using extreme force against North Korea , historians say that it was actually quickly apparent that Nixon and Kissinger had backed away from the military option .
Two days after the US plane was shot down President Nixon held a press conference in which appeared to be moving away from military retaliation , drawing widespread acclaim for their show of restraint .
Robert Wampler , a historian who works for the National Security Archive and posted 16 of the key documents online , said that it was clear from reading the file of more than 1,700 papers that the US military high command were unconvinced of the wisdom of going to war .
`` The military produced the options , ratcheting up the level of military force all the way to all-out war and to using nuclear weapons , '' they told NPR , `` But constantly you find the military saying , 'But the risks probably still outweigh the potential gains , ' . ''
Ad Standards sometimes receives complaints about advertising that may be regarded as “ political ” .
What is political advertising ?
Political advertising is advertising that attempts to influence or comment upon a matter which is currently the subject of extensive political debate .
Political advertising includes advertising or marketing communications about a political party , representative or candidate , advertising about political issues or issues of public interest , and advertising in relation to government policies ( whether published/broadcast by the government or someone else ) . Advertising by Government , political parties , lobby groups and other interest groups may fall into this category .
Political advertising does not necessarily include all advertising by governments or organisations that are at times involved in the political process , such as lobby groups or interest groups . Such advertising may be regarded as informational or educational rather than political , as determined on a case-by-case basis and complaints about these advertisements which raise issues under section 2 of the AANA Code of Ethics may be considered by the Ad Standards Community Panel .
Political advertising includes but is not limited to election advertising . The number of complaints received about political advertising often increases during election periods .
What is election advertising ?
Advertising or marketing communications are generally regarded as “ election advertising ” where they contain material intended or likely to affect voting in an upcoming election . Election advertising is not necessarily limited to advertising by parties or candidates contesting an election and may include advertising outside of an election period where there is a relevant connection to an election . Generally , it will not include government information or education campaigns outside of an election period .
In determining whether an advertising or marketing communication is “ election advertising ” , regard may be had to the provisions of the Broadcasting Services Act 1992 , Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918 and State/Territory electoral legislation relating to election matter and electoral advertising . For advertising in the non-broadcast media , the presence of an authorisation required under the Commonwealth Electoral Act ( or State/Territory electoral legislation ) will be a relevant consideration . For broadcast advertising , the Broadcasting Services Act requires an authorisation for all political matter , not just election advertising , and as a result will not be a determinative factor .
Truth in political advertising
Many public complaints regarding political advertising raise issues about the truth and accuracy of the advertisement , in particular concerns that the advertising is misleading . The Community Panel considers complaints under Section 2 of the Code of Ethics , which does not cover matters of truth and accuracy .
Ad Standards ordinarily refers public complainants with concerns about the truth or accuracy of advertisements to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ( ACCC ) or the State/Territory consumer affairs/fair trading body . However , although these organisations deal with claims of false and misleading advertising , their jurisdictions are limited to matters involving trade and commerce and do not extend to political advertising .
Currently , there is no legal requirement for the content of political advertising to be factually correct . Complainants are advised to raise their concerns with the advertiser directly and/or with their local Member of Parliament .
Offensiveness in political or election advertising
Complainants may also raise issues about the offensiveness of political advertising , pertinent to Section 2 of the Code .
Where the complaint relates to an advertising or marketing communication that may be regarded as political or election advertising , the complaint will usually not be forwarded to the Community Panel for its consideration . The adjudication of complaints about political and election material is outside the charter of the Community Panel .
Political and election advertising is not considered by the Community Panel under Section 2 for several reasons :
The advertising self-regulation system was established as an industry initiative with the objective of regulating commercial communications , not advertisements containing political claims aimed at influencing the political process .
It is important to the Community Panel 's integrity that it is seen as an impartial adjudicator free from perceptions of political bias .
Adjudicating on complaints about election advertising could be regarded as unduly restricting the implied constitutional freedom of political communication or interfering with the political process .
Opening up the system to political advertising could invite spurious claims and nuisance complaints that may cause disruption to the normal political process and an inappropriate drain on limited industry resources .
In our view , it is not possible to make decisions about whether a political or election advertisement breaches the Code without the potential for being seen to be taking a political viewpoint .
Other forms of advertising by governments and organisations that are at times involved in the political process may be regarded as informational or educational rather than political . Complaints about such advertising may be referred to the Community Panel for consideration provided they are not regarded as political advertising and they raise issues under section 2 of the Code .
Other organisations that regulate political or election advertising
Other organisations that may be of assistance in regard to political or election advertising include :
The Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) – The ACMA has responsibility for the regulation of political and election matter in the broadcast media under the Broadcasting Services Act , although this does not extend to matters of truth and accuracy or defamatory statements . ACMA has published further information on broadcasting and communication of political and election matter which provides further guidance and is available on its website .
The Australian Electoral Commission ( AEC ) – the AEC has responsibility for the regulation of election advertising under the Commonwealth Electoral Act . The AEC 's role includes ensuring that electoral advertisements are properly authorised so that electors can know who is responsible for the statements contained in them . The AEC has no role or responsibility in deciding whether political messages published or broadcast in relation to a federal election are true or untrue . The AEC has published an Electoral Backgrounder on Electoral Advertising , available on its website .
The relevant State/Territory Electoral Commission – the State/Territory Electoral Commissions are responsible for matters including authorisation of election advertising .
Complainants should be aware that Ad Standards is an industry funded body . It is inappropriate for Ad Standards to assume jurisdiction over the content of political advertising in the absence of Government support for such advertising to be regulated .
Complainants may wish to raise concerns with their local Member of Parliament .
Conservatives Side With Pepper-Spraying Thugs
by Steven Greenhut
Recently by Steven Greenhut : But America IS A Police State
If you want to know which of your friends or neighbors believe in a free and humane society and which ones believe in a police state , show them the now-gone-viral video of a riot-gear-clad University of California-Davis police officer dousing a peaceful group of Occupy protesters with pepper spray as they sat , arms linked , in the campus quad . Most of us react in horror at what we saw , and at the absurdly dishonest explanations from the campus police chief . But some people think the protesters got what they deserved and even called for heavier-handed tactics .
Police officials — and these days , campus security guards have gained the power of full-fledged police officers , complete with those massive pensions and all the usual protections from accountability — claimed that the officer felt that their life was in danger when they they methodically walked down the line of protesters and assaulted them with the spray . `` If you look at the video you are going to see that there were 200 people in that quad , '' said Chief Annette Spicuzza , who was placed on leave ( i.e. , additional paid vacation ) Monday after a backlash against the brutality . `` Hindsight is 20-20 and based on the situation we were sitting in , ultimately that was the decision that was made . ''
That 's what police always say no matter the situation . But in this age of video , we can see for ourselves that the officers were in no danger . Multiple officers effortlessly moved in and around the protesters . The burly officer who sprayed the kids strutted slowly in front of them in a way that belies any sort of danger , real or perceived . He , too , was put on administrative leave after the video went viral , along with another officer . Without the video , you know what would have happened — nothing . The lies would have become the official record . This is why police officers have become zealous in their confiscation of video cameras and arrest of people who record them doing their jobs .
Such brutality is par for the course for today 's militarized police and campus security departments . What 's really disgusting is the natural instinct of so many conservatives to stick up for the police . They do n't like the Occupy protesters , so they willingly back brutality against them , without considering the possibility that conservatives at some point might be on the receiving end of this aggression . Then again , this common , vulgar form of modern conservatism almost always sides with the state , even as it champions the empty words of limited government .
A blog called Extreme Conservatives wrote the following , `` Sorry libs… You can quit your squawking and take your leftie-indoctrinated butts back to class . The UC Davis pepper spray incident was standard police procedure . On Friday a group of UC Davis students blocked the campus walkway with arms linked and started chanting , ‘ From Davis to Greece , F * ck the police ! ' Moments later the little darlings were doused with pepper spray . This was only after several attempts by campus police to get them to move . Of course , the liberal media only played the part where the students were sprayed down . But after two days of leftist outrage we find out that this was standard police procedure . ''
The idea that this is `` standard police procedure '' is exactly what makes the video so horrifying . It does n't make it acceptable behavior . That 's why so many viewers were offended by it . The cop struts in front of the students and sprays them with massive amounts of pepper spray . He 's not in any danger . This is just standard procedure , ma'am . We treat everyone that way !
According to Rick Hahn from Accuracy in Media , the problem here was , of course , the liberal media , which failed to provide proper context . Hahn , who is identified as having worked for the FBI for 32 years , made the usual law-enforcement case that the cops were really in danger : `` Many of the protesters were seated with arms interlocked . This means police would have had to physically engage them . The fact that the protesters were seated leaves police trying to disengage them from one another at a balance disadvantage . The cops have to bend over or crouch down to try to physically disengage any one individual , bring them or them to their feet and affect the arrest . The fact that the protesters had interlocked their arms was surely an effort to avoid any one individual being removed for arrest . There 's no way of knowing how strongly the protesters would have fought disengagement , but the fact is , they were inducing , baiting if you will , physical confrontation from the police . ''
Scott Spiegel , writing in Conservative Outpost , joined a growing chorus of conservatives who seemed to want the police to behave even more brutally toward these `` animals '' and who have a rather authoritarian view of the world : `` When cops say move , you move — even if you 're curled in a fetal position on the ground with flowers in your hair listening to Cat Stevens and nursing orphaned kittens . The UC Davis police could have acted a lot more brutally , including prodding or beating protesters with batons . The occupiers should consider themselves warned : Trust fund brat refuses to move , trust fund brat gets spray tanned . Protesters in the UC Davis videos can be heard chanting ‘ Shame on you ! ' at police after the incident . Actually , shame on patsy mayors like Michael Bloomberg and Jean Quan for not empowering police to clear out these animals ages ago . ''
For insight into the modern conservative rabble , one ought to read FreeRepublic . It 's beyond irony . One commenter expressed disbelief at the sight of police backing away rather than engaging the protesters : `` Do you get a chill up your spine like I do when you see the police slowly back away as if they are backing down from an impending violent standoff ? '' Others seemed eager to see violence : `` A Billy-club to the ribs would have been just as effective at removing the bums and we would be hearing all this crying about pepper-spray ! '' Granted , these are anonymous commenters , but they reflect widespread sentiment .
I disagree with most of what the Occupy protesters are saying , quite obviously , but when I see lines of riot-gear-clad officials standing in front of these unbathed wretches , my heart goes out to the wretches . They need a lesson in economics and politics . The policies they advocate — to the degree that many of them have any well-defined grievances — range from the silly to the disastrous . They are inconsistent , foolish and hypocritical . Many of them are lazy freeloaders . Such is life . They do create filth and chaos in public parks , but if one can not protest in a public park , there are not many places to have a protest . It 's in everyone 's best interest for the authorities to provide as much latitude as possible for protesters of any political persuasion . We still do pretend to live in a free society , right ?
Whatever the bigger picture , this was a clear case of abusive and heavy handed behavior by the campus police . The president of the university was right to call for an investigation and the officer and the chief need to be removed from their positions , not just given meaningless and indefinite paid leave . And now it 's time for Californians to take a closer look at issues of police conduct and secrecy . In recent years , Democrats and Republicans have made those issues off limits thanks to their close association with the police unions .
Maybe the Occupiers can become productive and lead a real movement for civil libertarian reform . I know it wo n't happen , but who can live in California without embracing a little wishful thinking ?
Steven Greenhut ( send them mail ) is editor-in-chief of CalWatchdog.com , author of Plunder ! How Public Employee Unions Are Raiding Treasuries , Controlling Our Lives And Bankrupting The Nation ! , and a columnist for The Orange County Register .
Steven Greenhut Archives
The Best of Steven Greenhut
( ANSA ) Terni , May 15 - A schoolboy of African origin attacked a 12-year-old-girl at a school in central Italy because they were wearing a crucifix on a neck chain , police said Friday .
The boy punched the girl violently in the back at the entrance to a middle school in the town of Terni on Thursday and the girl 's mother caught the boy , who subsequently told Carabinieri paramilitary police they attacked the girl because they were wearing a crucifix , police sources said .
The boy , who first attended the school some three weeks ago , had bullied the girl over the past four days , insulting them and picking on them in other ways all because they were wearing the crucifix , the sources said .
Nevertheless police stopped short of charging the boy with any offense since they are a minor , the sources said .
Today Donald Trump 's campaign released a new TV ad entitled “ Donald Trump 's Argument for America , ” in which the candidate outlines the rationale behind their campaign and asks the American people to vote against a `` failed corrupt establishment '' and for their positive vision for the future . The two-minute ad will run at special times during NFL , NCAA , and NASCAR events and in television markets in the battleground states of Florida , Pennsylvania , Nevada , Ohio , Michigan , Colorado , Iowa , North Carolina , and New Mexico .
`` This is Mr. Trump 's positive closing message to American voters , and it comes at a time when Secretary Clinton has abandoned any positive message of their own . We believe voters are looking to go in a new direction and Mr. Trump is ready to lead this change , '' the campaign said in a statement .
The ad specifically calls out Trump 's conception of `` the political Establishment that is trying to stop us , '' as images of Wall Street , Democratic financier George Soros , Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen , and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton flash on screen . These are people , Trump says in the ad , `` who do n't have your good in mind . ''
`` The political establishment that is trying to stop us is the same group responsible for our disastrous trade deals , massive illegal immigration and economic and foreign policies that have bled our country dry , '' Trump says .
They conclude : `` The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you . The only force strong enough to save our country is us . The only people brave enough to vote out this corrupt establishment is you , the American people . ''
Transcript :
DONALD TRUMP : Our movement is about replacing a failed and corrupt political establishment with a new government controlled by you , the American people .
The establishment has trillions of dollars at stake in this election .
For those who control the levers of power in Washington and for the global special interests , they partner with these people that do n't have your good in mind .
The political establishment that is trying to stop us is the same group responsible for our disastrous trade deals , massive illegal immigration and economic and foreign policies that have bled our country dry .
The political establishment has brought about the destruction of our factories and our jobs as they flee to Mexico , China and other countries all around the world .
It 's a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class , stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities .
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you . The only force strong enough to save our country is us .
The only people brave enough to vote out this corrupt establishment is you , the American people .
I 'm doing this for the people and the movement and we will take back this country for you and we will make America great again .
I 'm Donald Trump and I approve this message .
It 's been evident for quite a while that the New York Knicks were headed toward a fourth-straight season without a playoff berth , and Wednesday at Madison Square Garden , the slight bit of hope remaining was officially squashed .
Losing 107-88 to the visiting Miami Heat , the Knicks ( 28-47 ) are now mathematically eliminated from postseason contention in the Eastern Conference .
While New York hopes to finish the campaign on somewhat of a high note , All-Star Carmelo Anthony just wants to figure out what purpose they serve on the hardwood .
`` I do n't even know my role . I do n't know my role to be honest , '' Anthony said , according to The New York Times ' Mike Vorkunov . `` I 'm just here to kind of help those guys and keep those guys positive and motivated . I get in where I fit in . ''
Anthony then added , `` I see the writing on the wall . I see what it is . I see what they 're trying to do and it 's just me accepting that , '' according to ESPN 's Ian Begley . `` That 's what puts me at peace . Just knowing and understanding how things work . I 'm at peace with that . ''
Head coach Jeff Hornacek mentioned they still plan on giving their veterans minutes , although their younger talent will likely receive more .
`` I do n't think me going out there trying to score 30 and 40 every night and playing that way is going to help them ( younger teammates ) at this point , '' said Anthony , who finished with nine points on 12 shots in 28 minutes against Miami . `` For them , it 's just more about getting that experience - I said before , getting that experience - and letting them go out there and play through that right now . ''
The Supreme Court building in Washington . ( Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Associated Press )
Only one vice-presidential candidate has been selected for the 2016 presidential race , former Massachusetts governor William Weld , who has been tapped by Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson , the former governor of New Mexico . Weld made headlines analogizing Donald Trump 's proposed roundup of illegal immigrants to the beginnings of the Holocaust ( at the 3:14 mark ) :
Holocaust allusions should be used sparingly and , to quote Melania Trump , Donald Trump is “ not Hitler. ” That said , it 's not inappropriate to sound the alarm about a mass roundup of suspected illegal immigrants , the civil liberties that would be trampled upon in conducting such a sweep and the mass hysteria that Trump is whipping up in demonizing illegal immigrants as “ killers ” and “ rapists. ” When a presidential candidate talks favorably of the infamous roundup of Americans of Japanese descent during World War II , Americans regardless of party should be outraged .
Unfortunately , in the Republican primary too many Trump opponents — including their final competitor , Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Tex . ) — were chasing after Trump 's extremism on immigration . They therefore were frightened to criticize them loudly , consistently and unsparingly for their egregious comments and unconstitutional proposals . Trump simply outplayed them in stirring up xenophobia ; they , in turn , were ill prepared to condemn a plan that any self-described constitutional conservative should recognize as beyond the pale .
Weld 's comment reminds us how deficient the presidential debate will be without a robust voice from either major party to defend limits on executive authority and all provisions of the Bill of Rights . Trump now slavishly embraces the Second Amendment for the sake of the endorsement of the National Rifle Association ( which , like many conservative groups , suffers from amnesia and low standards in accepting a candidate so long as they deliver a few canned lines ) . In the case of a roundup of suspected illegal immigrants we are looking at potentially wholesale violation of the Fourth and Fifth Amendments . ( Would any of the judges on Trump 's list approve a mass dragnet ? )
On many issues , such as the First Amendment , both Hillary Clinton and Trump are eager to curb political speech , either by constitutional amendment or statutory gambit to reverse Citizens United . Trump would go beyond what any politician since the Alien and Sedition Acts has advocated in wanting to deport millions of illegal immigrants , ban Muslims and “ open up ” libel laws to go after critics .
Admiring their handiwork in shoving a list of agreeable judges under Trump 's nose , self-described conservative “ scholars ” turn a blind eye to the raft of undemocratic and unconstitutional measures Trump has championed on everything from ordering the military to commit war crimes to “ shutting down ” parts of the Internet . As Bruce Fein recalls :
Among other things , Mr. Trump has taken up arms against the Eighth Amendment prohibition of torture , the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendment requirements of due process , the First Amendment 's protection of religious freedom , the Article VI prohibition of religious test oaths , the Article I , section 8 , clause 11 proscriptions of presidential wars , and the War Crimes Act of 1996 that implements international law . But candidate Mr. Trump reserves their nuclear arsenal for freedom of speech . They would close down the Internet because some evil people might be influenced by its content to commit terrorism . . . . Mr. Trump sneers at defenders of free speech as “ foolish people . ”
Trump is the person members of the conservative Federalist Society ( reportedly ) are enabling ? ( One would think the lawyers involved would be bursting with pride and eager to claim authorship , yet they remain anonymous helpers for a man who shares none of their devotion to the Constitution . )
In throwing its lot in with Trump and abandoning defense of constitutional limits and democratic principles , the GOP abandons of one of its historic roles in restraining government and protecting individual rights . ( It did give us the 13th , 14th and 15th Amendments , right ? ) . It is regrettable that the GOP is leaving it to the Libertarian Party too now to defend the Constitution .
Weld is an able former attorney and admirable in their willingness to speak out against Trump , but at least one of the major parties needs to be a stickler for constitutional governance . Those conservatives who squawk about Democrats ' disregard for constitutional principles but support Trump have lost the constitutional high ground . ( In comparison with Trump , Clinton seems like Antonin Scalia . )
Rather than enabling Trump and trying to convince fellow Americans that Trump can be pinned down on judicial selection or can develop even a rudimentary understanding of the Constitution , maybe these Republicans should look for an alternative center-right candidate who would take it to both major parties ' nominees when they seek to trample on this or that constitutional provision . Shilling for Trump — hoping he 'll maybe , possibly , once in a while act within constitutional strictures — is foolhardy and dangerous . Conservatives who care about the Constitution should refuse to do so and should call out those who are trying to pull the wool over the voters ' eyes .
You can now connect Gmail to Cortana on Windows 10 , providing access to aspects of your account with Microsoft 's digital assistant . Like other connected services , connecting your Gmail account will allow you to use Cortana to quickly access information from your account , including support for your calendar , mail , and contacts .
To get started , you can add your account by clicking on the Windows 10 search bar and navigating to the Cortana Notebook section on the left side . From there , select `` Connected Services '' and `` Add a Service . '' Gmail will be listed along with a number of other services . Simply select Gmail , then click `` Connect . '' From there , you 'll be prompted in a separate window to sign in to your Gmail account and provide permission for Cortana to access and manage your email , Google Drive files , contacts , and calendars .
by
For those who did n't follow the Boeing story , here 's a thumbnail sketch . Apologies if I over-simplify . Boeing threatens IAM union members in Seattle with economic homicide by issuing an ultimatum : either re-open the current contract , which does n't expire until 2016 , and let us ravage the health , pension , strike and wage provisions , or we move assembly of the 777X ( its new airliner ) to another state , and you 're all out of a job .
But the local union surprises everyone . By a 2 to 1 margin , they vote down the offer . Stunned by the rejection , Boeing pretends to follow through on its plan to pull up stakes and relocate . Meanwhile , the IAM 's executive board has a series of minor nervous breakdowns as they sift through the wreckage of what they thought was a done deal .
Panicky that this rejection could turn into a real battle , the IAM insists that the local take another ratification vote , after Boeing makes a big deal of pretending to sweeten the pot . This second vote narrowly passes . The members ratify the offer . The 777X stays in Seattle .
Here are 5 lessons we can take away from it .
Lesson # 1 : Opportunity . There is virtually no limit to how much leverage a company will exert , or how hard it will squeeze its workers , in order to increase profits . Even though everything is going Boeing 's way , even though it is riding a wave of record profits , and even though it managed to extort from the state of Washington more than $ 8 billion in tax breaks ( the largest corporate subsidy in U.S. history ) , it still wants more .
Lesson # 2 : Defiance . You ca n't predict how a union will vote . This is especially true when it 's a proud union , a savvy union , a union that recognizes when it 's being mugged . Unions accept inferior contracts all the time . Sometimes they feel it 's the best offer they 'll get , sometimes it 's done for tactical reasons , sometimes it 's the result of fatigue and despair . But these IAM workers do n't fit those categories . They saw the Boeing offer for the sleazy power-play it was and were n't going to roll over . They should be congratulated . What they did was heroic .
Lesson # 3 : Caution . Second votes often result in ratification . That 's partly because the members get nervous , and partly because they think it 's the best offer they 're going to get . As a former negotiator , I never faulted people for voting to ratify , even when we begged them not to . They vote “ No ” the first time to show solidarity , but if we negotiators ca n't jack it up , ca n't get the company to budge , they vote “ Yes ” the second time . It happens . And to accuse these good people of being weak or gutless is ignorant and unfair .
Lesson # 4 : Bureaucracy . In a union hierarchy , the higher up the ladder a person goes , the more tight-assed , timid , and unimaginative they become . What the IAM board should have done when the local rejected Boeing 's initial offer was go to the company with shit-eating grins on their faces , and say , “ Gee , now what ? ” They should 've insisted the current contract be allowed to expire , or that the company rethink the concessions it demanded . Instead , they played into Boeing 's hands by pushing for another vote .
Lesson # 5 : Perception . Unions ca n't count on public support . Unfortunately , there are too many workers out there who do n't understand unions , or resent unions for providing their members with things ( wages , benefits , working conditions ) they do n't have , or are too ignorant and hard-headed to realize that without resistance—without workers organizing themselves—these companies will take all they can . ( See Lesson # 1 )
David Macaray , an LA playwright and author ( “ It 's Never Been Easy : Essays on Modern Labor , ” 2nd edition ) , was a former union rep . They can be reached at dmacaray @ earthlink.net
Jason Chaffetz argued , “ I do think there are people that are better qualified ” than Paul Ryan to be Speaker of the House . ( RELATED : Jason Chaffetz Makes Their Pitch For Speaker : ‘ We Got To Unite And Fight ' )
Chaffetz , appearing on ABC 's “ This Week ” Sunday , told guest host Martha Raddatz , “ I hope that Paul Ryan would do it… But I do think I bridge that gap [ among the House of Representatives ] and that 's the case that I 'm making. ” ( RELATED : Chaffetz : ‘ You Do n't Just Give An Automatic Promotion To The Existing Leadership Team ' )
Martha Raddatz : You may be a fresh face . But do you really think you can bridge this enormous divide ? Jason Chaffetz : Well somebody 's got to do it . You know , I hope that Paul Ryan would do it . He 's said repeatedly that they wo n't . I do think there are people that are better qualified . But I do think I bridge that gap and that 's the case that I 'm making . If there 's somebody better who can unite us , I 'll support them . But you know , you 're part of the solution or part of the problem . And right or wrong , I have thrown myself in there and said , I think I can do this .
Follow Steve on Twitter
They explained that they had visited Northern Ireland a number of times prior to the IRA bombing while working as private secretary to Robin Chichester-Clark , the MP for Londonderry .
`` It 's not merely these creatures [ the Brighton bombers ] crippled my wife , but they also murdered five of my friends . I only hope that their death will help to bring some sort of closure to those families and friends of whose murder he 's accomplished , '' they told Good Morning Britain .
Discussing the peace process that Mr McGuinness was instrumental to , Lord Tebbit said : `` You might just as well say that if Himmler had succeeded Hitler and wiped out the Jews it would have removed the problem and there could have been peace in Europe . ''
They added : `` He was a coward '' . Lord Tebbit also said they believed Mr McGuinness ' transformation to `` a man of peace '' was because they feared being arrested and charged with a `` number of murders which they had personally committed '' .
Arguing that while it was possible to leave violence behind , Lord Tebbit said that a person must first `` confess their sins and to seek atonement '' .
Video-game maker Ubisoft Entertainment SA is expanding its operations in Montreal with a $ 373-million investment over the next seven years that is expected to create 500 new jobs .
The Paris-based company said on Monday it plans to consolidate its U.S. online-game operations as well as its infrastructure for its global network in Montreal .
Ubisoft said it will also invest in the expansion of its motion-capture technologies expertise in the city .
Story continues below advertisement
The company said it anticipates providing 3,500 jobs – up from about 2,500 today – in its Quebec studios by 2020 .
The Quebec government is to kick in $ 9.9-million in the form of a non-refundable grant , as well as make adjustments to the tax credit for multimedia titles which will allow new job categories to be recognized .
`` The imminent arrival of the next generation of consoles , the expansion of mobile platforms , the multiplication of connected , immersive , and social environments , and the strategic importance of the relationship between developers and players are profoundly transforming the video game industry , '' Ubisoft co-founder and chief executive officer Yves Guillemot said in a statement .
The 500 new jobs will cover a gamut of skill-requirements for the development , production and operations of the next generation of video games , the company said .
New-generation positions include community and network management specialists , business intelligence analysts , mathematicians , telemetry experts , systems operators , and monetization and interactive marketing specialists , said Ubisoft .
The company has benefited from government tax credits and financial aid over the 10 years since it first set up shop in Montreal in 1997 with a development studio for console and PC video games .
Its growth has boosted Montreal 's status as one of the top digital-games centres in the world .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Ubisoft has offices in 29 countries .
It 's one thing when malware attacks your phone , but it 's another when that same malware hops over to your PC and then uses it to listen in on all your conversations on top of just messing with your phone . A newly discovered Android app—one that 's in the Google Play Store—can do just that . Beware .
Advertisement
The sketchy app , which masquerades as a `` cleaner '' app called DroidCleaner , was discovered by Kaspersky , and if it infects you , its tendrils will wrap themselves around a seriously impressive number of things . Here 's a list of abilities it has just on your phone :
Sending SMS messages
Enabling Wi-Fi
Gathering information about the device
Opening arbitrary links in a browser
Uploading the SD card 's entire contents
Uploading an arbitrary file ( or folder ) to the master 's server
Uploading all SMS messages
Deleting all SMS messages
Uploading all the contacts/photos/coordinates from the device to the master
But that 's not where it ends , no no no . When it runs , the app also downloads three files to the root directory of your SD card , and then when your phone gets connected to a computer in USB drive mode , a backdoor runs on your PC . From there it can control your microphone to eavesdrop on you and send the recordings back home to the mothership , but little beyond that . The Windows component of the malware is n't nearly as apt as its Android counterpart .
Advertisement
Fortunately , as Kaspersky notes , AutoRun on external drives should be disabled by default if you 're running a relatively current version of Windows . And folks who are n't are this malware 's bread and butter . Tech-savvy folks like you , dear reader , are probably not too at risk of being hit with this , but there are plenty of people out there who are right in its sights , and if nothing else , it shows that Android malware is evolving into a scary beast . But if you 're careful out there and use your head , you should stay relatively safe . [ Kaspersky via The Next Web ]
This article is from the archive of our partner .
If you 're applying for a job in the near future , there 's a chance you could end up on the FBI 's imminent new facial recognition database alongside criminals , whether you like it or not . According to information obtained by the Electronic Frontier Foundation , the database , known as Next Generation Identification ( NGI ) , will for the first time combine criminal and noncriminal fingerprint databases , along with records of palm prints , iris scans , and mugshots . The NGI , which sounds like Facebook mixed with the NSA , will be capable of adding 55,000 images per day and could hold up to 52 million photos by 2015 , BBC News reports . The FBI say the database will help protect against terrorist and criminal activities .
One of the main issues flagged by privacy advocates is the possibility of false positives , that nightmare scenario of someone who submitted a photo for a government job or a background check being pulled into a lineup of potential criminal suspects ' faces . But with the likes of Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul making privacy from sprawling government institutions one of the centerpieces of their presidential campaigns , it 's possible that there could backlash similar to that directed toward the ill-fated DHS license plate tracking database . Following a Washington Post story on DHS 's solicitation of private companies , the program was cancelled in February . Google Glass also swiftly banned facial recognition apps last year , which illustrates just how creepy , and ripe for error , the technology really is .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
The Wall Street Journal reports that Steven Hayward has been appointed as the first visiting scholar of conservative thought and policy at the University of Colorado , Boulder . Hayward is an outstanding selection for the position . They have written on a wide range of policy questions , is a dynamic and entertaining speaker , and is the author of a two-volume biography of Ronald Reagan . But a visiting scholar of conservative thought and policy ? The campus of 32,000 students and 3,800 tenured and tenure-eligible faculty could use a resident scholar of conservative thought and policy — maybe two or three .
It 's easy to understand the motivation of the generous individuals who have funded this three-year experiment . At most universities , only a tiny fraction of the faculty identify as conservative . The Journal reports that a survey conducted at the University of Colorado found only 23 of 825 faculty respondents self-identified as Republicans . Of course , this is not news to any objective observer . The leftward tilt of the academy — really more of an avalanche of liberal thinking — is widely recognized by students and parents , though seldom acknowledged by the institutions or their faculties .
It 's hard for university officials to look a gift horse in the mouth in these tough economic times . Nonetheless , Colorado deserves credit for agreeing to host a scholar of conservative thought and policy . It can be risky business even hosting conservative speakers on many college campuses , so allowing Hayward official status as a faculty member , albeit a temporary one , could be viewed as an act of courage on the part of the powers that be at the university .
On the other hand , it may be that the folks at Colorado see conservative thought and policy as a sort of historical artifact — something that will help students understand why almost all of their professors have embraced progressive ideas and liberal solutions to our personal and social challenges .
Or maybe it reflects new insight into the challenge of achieving diversity on campus . The university does have a diversity mission and associated apparatus prominently featured on its website . Although nothing on the website speaks to diversity of political or philosophical viewpoint , this could be a pilot initiative to address the reality that almost half the country voted for Mitt Romney and at least some of the children of those folks are likely to be in the student body . Surely it wo n't hurt to toss them a bone .
Regrettably , it is likely that Hayward 's classes will become a refuge for conservative students in search of relief from the liberal condescension that rolls effortlessly off the tongues of many faculty members . But liberal students of a truly liberal mind will not be disappointed if they register for a Hayward class . They might be challenged , they might be outraged , but they will not be disappointed . Unfortunately , whatever Colorado accomplishes with this little experiment , it is a blip on the radar screen of the national academy .
The reality is that liberal thinking dominates at almost every university and college in the nation , particularly in the humanities and social sciences , and professors routinely disparage conservative ideas and conservatives . Worse , most faculty members reject that there is a liberal bias and honestly believe that , if there is a problem , they are not part of it .
Sometimes bias is blatant and intentional . But for most faculty members , it is expressed in offhand and subtle ways . As a lifelong , lonely conservative in legal education , I suggest a simple test for demonstrating liberal bias among the legal professoriate . Ask students or law grads how often they heard their professors speak with admiration of Justice Scalia or Justice Thomas , and now Justice Alito . Scalia sometimes gets credit as an accomplished writer , but all three , and Rehnquist in my day , are constantly and consistently disparaged as right-wing nuts . To test for bias in other departments , I suspect a similar question naming George Bush or Ronald Reagan will yield similar results .
So maybe a little affirmative action for conservatives is in order . And good for one of America 's renowned bastions of liberalism for leading the charge . Well , one guy , even Steven Hayward , is not a charge . Maybe we should think of it as fledgling guerrilla warfare , and a perhaps clumsy acknowledgement that there is a problem .
Jim Huffman is the dean emeritus of Lewis & Clark Law School , the co-founder of Northwest Free Press and a member of the Hoover Institution 's De Nault Task Force on Property Rights , Freedom and Prosperity .
Brothers Andrew and Graeme Shinnie clashed in Saturday 's Scottish Cup semi-final
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie admits their Hampden Park joy on Saturday was tempered by brotherly concern .
Shinnie helped the Dons secure a Scottish Cup final against Celtic with a 3-2 victory over holders Hibernian .
But they toned down their post-match celebrations out of respect for their brother , Andrew , who came off the bench for Hibs .
`` We 've got a bit of respect there that I will comfort him , '' the Aberdeen player said .
`` He will obviously be hurting because they have been knocked out , so I will keep the celebrations on hold .
`` We have supported each other in our careers since we started . We have never really had an experience like this before .
`` He will be disappointed that they have lost but now they will be hoping that we obviously go on and lift the cup .
`` I saw them a little bit after the game at the final whistle and they congratulated me , but we did n't properly speak . I saw them afterwards and we had a chat about it . ''
'Our bottle would have been questioned '
It could easily have been the elder Shinnie who was celebrating after Hibs staged a dramatic comeback , clawing back a two-goal deficit before Jonny Hayes ' deflected strike settled the tie with five minutes remaining .
Even then there was a scare for the Dons when Hibs goalkeeper Ofir Marciano went up for a last-gasp corner and forced a good save from Joe Lewis .
`` We made it hard for ourselves with the start we had , '' Graeme Shinnie added . `` But it shows the character that the team 's got . I 'm sure we would have definitely been questioned at the time when they came back to two-all .
Graeme Shinnie says he 'll comfort elder brother Andrew , after Aberdeen knocked Hibernian out of the Scottish Cup
`` But the boys always had it in them and always had the belief that they could go on to win it .
`` Our bottle and everything else would probably have been in question and we answered up .
`` When you 're 2-0 up and a team comes back to two-all everyone just expects the team with the momentum to go on and win it . We dug in , luckily we got the goal , albeit through a deflection , but we will take it .
`` They were just launching balls into the box and we did well to defend it . I would have been devastated if the keeper had scored at the end but it was a good save from Joe . ''
'We need to put this on the back-burner now '
Aberdeen have the chance to atone for a disappointing League Cup final display against Celtic when they face Brendan Rodgers ' treble-chasers again at Hampden on 27 May .
But Shinnie insists that is not the team 's top priority . With a nine-point lead over third-placed Rangers , they say the focus for the Dons is to wrap up second place in the Scottish Premiership over the remaining five league games .
`` We need to put this on the back-burner now because we have a lot of big games coming up in the league and we 're looking to cement second spot as quickly as we can , '' they said .
Jonny Hayes ' shot deflected off Darren McGregor to clinch a Scottish Cup final berth for Aberdeen
`` We had a good win last week in the league against St Johnstone - that was probably one of the biggest wins of the season after the Rangers game - and we have carried it on .
`` It was scrappy , it was hard work at times , and I do n't think we played to our full potential . But winning and getting through to the cup final was the main thing . ''
In the latest of Westfield W-League team preview we run the rule over a new-look Brisbane Roar as the Queenslanders seek to bounce-back from a disappointing campaign .
It looms as a pivotal season for Brisbane Roar who , having lost an unprecedented amount of internationally experienced personnel , are seeking to bounce back after surprisingly failing to reach the finals for the first time in the club 's history .
Until last season Brisbane Roar were a constant threat for the title , and arguably had been the most consistent club in the Westfield W-League 's history .
A host of international stars have long filled the Roar roster , but last season the big names were inexplicably unable to deliver . Several of the headline-names departed during the off-season , meaning this season 's squad boasts an unusual mix of seasoned senior players and inexperienced youngsters .
Gone are a quartet of Westfield Matildas in Elise Kellond-Knight , Kim Carroll , Larissa Crummer and Hayley Raso , plus now-retired goalkeeping legend Nadine Angerer . More experience went out the door with injuries to Brooke Spence and Vedrana Popovic .
Those departures mean FIFA Women 's World Cup stars Clare Polkinghorne , Tameka Butt and Katrina Gorry will form the backbone of the side , ably assisted by the likes of Emily Gielnik and Amy Chapman .
It is on the fringes of the starting side where there is a lack of Westfield W-League experience , with some half a dozen players promoted from local ranks .
`` The foundation and senior players ... will have an important role in providing leadership and experience to those new players stepping up to the W-League for the first time , '' said Roar coach Belinda Wilson said .
A blockbuster opening game against two-time grand final rivals Canberra United could be telling as to the Roar 's realistic ambitions for the coming campaign . Either way the Roar face a challenge to hit the ground running amid a host of highly competitive rivals .
Brisbane Roar
Ins : Gabe Marzano ( Perth Glory ) , Summer O'Brien , Ruth Blackburn ( both The Gap , Queensland ) , Carrie Simpson ( Bradford City ) , Ashley Spina ( Newcastle Jets ) , Sofie Persson ( Sunshine Coast Fire , Queensland ) , Cortnee Vine ( NTC Under-17 program ) , Alisha Foote ( Redlands , Queensland ) , Maili Forbes ( The Gap , Queensland )
Outs : Brooke Spence ( foot injury ) , Vedrana Popovic ( Achilles injury ) Nadine Angerer ( Portland Thorns , USA ) , Elise Kellond-Knight ( Turbine Potsdam , Germany ) , Kim Carroll ( Perth Glory ) , Larissa Crummer ( Melbourne City ) , Hayley Raso ( Melbourne Victory )
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) — Government investigators looking into how Google pays its employees have accused the tech giant of shortchanging women doing similar work to men .
A U.S. Department of Labor official disclosed the agency 's allegations during a Friday court hearing in San Francisco .
“ We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce , ” Janette Wipper , a Labor Department regional director , testified , according to a report published by The Guardian .
Google said it vehemently disagreed with the charges , which the Mountain View , California , company said it had n't heard until Wipper 's court appearance .
“ Every year , we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap , ” Google said in its statement .
Google and other technology companies have been trying to improve hiring practices that have historically doled out most of their technical jobs to white and Asian men . Their efforts to strike a better balance have been mostly unsuccessful so far .
For instance , only 19 percent of Google 's technology jobs are held by women . Overall , nearly one-third of Google 's more than 70,000 workers are women .
The Labor Department 's probe evolved from a lawsuit filed in January seeking to bar Google doing business with the federal government unless the company complied with an audit of its employee-compensation records . Google has said it has turned over some of the requested records , but withheld other information that it believes would invade its workers ' privacy .
While Google and its peers have been disclosing embarrassing sexual and racial imbalances in their workforces for the past few years , the technology industry so far has kept its compensation practices a closely guarded secret .
The Labor Department is now scrutinizing Silicon Valley for patterns of pay and hiring discrimination under its powers to vet companies that bid for lucrative government contracts . Earlier this year , the Labor Department also sued Oracle , alleging that the business software maker routinely pays white male workers more than their female and non-white counterparts for comparable jobs .
No-Bake Chocolate Cookie Dough Balls
by Jen Sinkler
I first met Sharon Shiner , RKC/SFG , online . I knew them as a fellow kettlebell aficianado , a woman of the iron . But during last September 's 30-Day Eat at Home Challenge , where a group of us went one month without dining in a restaurant , their posts consistently wowed me with the freshness and inventiveness displayed on their plate — ginger pork , lamb patties , seasonal fruits and veggies prepared all sorts of ways , pumpkin pancakes , and on and on .
Everything they posted looked pro .
Turns out there was a reason for that : Sharon attended the Cambridge School of Culinary Arts , holds a Nutrition Coaching certification from NESTA and has their certification as a Raw and Living Foods health educator . They ran a successful personal chef business , Thyme To Cook Personal Chef Service , for six years prior to joining Iron Body Studios in Needham , Mass. , where they provide nutritional consulting along with strength-training services .
When I finally met them at Dragon Door 's Primal Move certification in early April , they brought food enough for the entire class — a lesson in graciousness ! — including these raw cookie dough balls . After snarfling down four of them , I begged them to do a guest post with the recipe , and they agreed .
You 'll find it below , and you 're not even gon na believe how delicious these are . And how delicious they can be , even if you alter the recipe somewhat . Call me contrary , but for whatever reason , I balk at following a recipe exactly , so as I began mixing up the ingredients , I was overcome with a case of the “ What ifs . ”
Q : “ What if I add two scoops of organic vanilla protein powder to this ? ”
A : The mix becomes too dry .
Q : “ What if I add a couple heaping spoonfuls of virgin coconut oil to combat this new dryness ? ”
A : Problem solved .
Q : “ What if I 'm out of cacao nibs and I substitute a half a cup of macadamia nuts instead ? ”
A : Out of this world good .
So , just as Sharon did when they first found this recipe on the Tropical Traditions website , consider it a jump-off point to creating exactly the combo you want . And , keep in mind , this is treated food . Just because it includes better-quality ingredients than your average dessert does n't mean it should be all you eat .
I 'll let Sharon take it from here .
___________________
I 'm a big fan of raw treats to eat as snacks . ( “ Raw ” means you use ingredients that have n't been heated above approximately 110-115 degrees . ) Such treats usually contain a binder ingredient , such as dates or another dried fruit , and may or may not be amped up with another sweetener , such as maple syrup .
The treats can contain coconut , raw cacao nibs , other dried fruits , nuts , seeds or even raw cacao powder . I make a number of different types , but these No-Bake Cookie Dough Balls have fast become one of my favorites and an easy , go-to recipe I make often . I originally found the recipe on the website Tropical Traditions , and from there I made some adjustments — namely , by making them extra chocolately !
No-Bake Chocolate Cookie Dough Balls
Ingredients :
1 cup pitted dates
1/2 cup coconut cream concentrate/coconut butter/coconut manna
1/2 cup dried , unsweetened coconut flakes
3 TBS . raw cacao powder
3 TBS . cacao nibs
1 tsp . pure vanilla
pinch sea salt
Here 's what you do :
Take 1 cup of pitted dates , 1/2 cup dried , shredded , unsweetened coconut , 1/2 cup coconut cream concentrate and 3 TBS . of cacao powder and process in a food processor until well combined and paste-like .
Note : The coconut cream concentrate is simply whole coconut that has been processed into a paste . It contains both the coconut oil and the meat . You can also use coconut butter here — it is the same thing — as well as a product called coconut manna . All three will work interchangeably .
Once the coconut , dates and cacao powder are combined , add in 1 tsp of your best vanilla ( alcohol free if possible , and none of the fake stuff ) , a generous pinch of salt and combine again . The consistency should look moist and flakey , but will hold together when squeezed together in your hand .
At this point , add the 3 TBS cacao nibs and pulse until well combined .
Note : Cacao nibs are what chocolate is made from . They are not sweet and are a bit bitter . Like the cacao powder , these are what make these raw treats so delicious : You get the flavor of chocolate but not the sugar from a “ chocolate product . ”
Now the fun part ! Roll the “ dough ” in your hands into smallish-sized balls . Do n't be alarmed if your hands get greasy , as coconut oil is liquid at temps over approximately 70 degrees . This recipe makes about 24 1- to 1.5-inch cookie dough balls . Keep them out at room temp and enjoy them ( if you can keep them around ) .
This recipe can be varied to fit your liking . Do n't like cacao nibs ? Add a dried fruit or a seed , such as dried cranberries and sesame seeds . The possibilities are really endless . Enjoy !
For more of Sharon 's lessons in food , find them on Twitter or Facebook .
In a show of solidarity with a colleague who was rebuked last month for bringing up fried chicken during a discussion about the poverty rate among African-Americans , a Colorado lawmaker brought a box of chicken to the state capitol in Denver on Wednesday .
During an Aug. 21 legislative task force meeting , state Sen. Vicki Marble ( R ) mentioned both barbeque and fried chicken as they addressed racial disparities in the poverty rate .
“ When you look at life expectancy , there are problems in the black race : sickle-cell anemia is something that comes up , diabetes is something that 's prevalent in the genetic makeup and you just ca n't help it , ” Marble said . “ Although I 've got to say , I 've never had better barbeque and better chicken and ate better in my life than when you go down south and you — I love it . ”
The remarks were swiftly denounced by state Democrats while Republicans distanced themselves . Marble , for their part , insisted they did not not intend “ to be disparaging to any community . ”
But on Wednesday , with the task force meeting for the first time since the flap , state Rep. Lori Saine ( R ) staged what they called a “ silent protest ” against the uproar generated by Marble 's remarks by placing a box of Popeye 's fried chicken on their desk .
When television station KDVR sought Saine for comment as they made their way through the capitol building , the Republican lawmaker dimissively laughed at the reporter 's question .
“ I 'm having chicken for dinner , ” they said initially . “ Would you like a presser at my house ? ”
The reporter persisted , but Saine continued to evade the questions .
Saine made light of their actions on Twitter . They shared a photo their dinner , which included a large piece of chicken . In a series of tweets , Saine and KDVR reporter Jeremy Hubbard made a number of jokes related to their “ protest. ” They also posted a link to a Fox News report on “ cultural eating patterns . ”
My daughter and I are enjoying dinner tonight ; this is one of their favorite meals : pic.twitter.com/nCL2Xg4KXW — Lori ( @ lorisaine ) September 5 , 2013
@ lorisaine Guess the invitation got lost . 🙂 — Jeremy Hubbard ( @ JeremyHubbard ) September 5 , 2013
ISIL 3-24 : Do they do counter-insurgency ?
By Michael Knights
Best Defense guest columnist
What happens when poacher must become gamekeeper ? That 's what the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) must be asking itself at the present time . Once it was the insurgent force skulking in the shadows , ambushing and bombing , then fading away . Now ISIL believes itself to be a state and it knows that a range of powerful enemies are planning to spark local insurgencies against it in Iraq and Syria . ISIL needs a game plan to face the looming threat . So if ISIL had an equivalent of FM 3-24 , the U.S. government 's guide on counterinsurgency , what would it look like ?
The first point to make is that revolutionary movements like ISIL often struggle at counterinsurgency . As Scott McMichael noted in Stumbling Bear , a book about the Soviets in Afghanistan , one of the biggest challenges for the Red Army was coming to terms with the fact that the people were against them , not with them . Marxist-Leninist doctrine dictated that the international proletariat would welcome the Red Army as liberators wherever it was sent to fight .
ISIL has no such illusions . The movement 's previous incarnations — al Qaeda in Iraq , then the Islamic State in Iraq — were almost wiped out by popular uprisings in their heartlands in 2005-2008 . When the movement rebooted under Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's leadership in 2010 it sought to learn lessons from its brush with extinction and rebuilt as an Iraqi-led movement focused on the grievances of Sunni Arabs in Iraq . It was even mindful to tone down its policing of Iraqi lifestyles — at least until it became the master of Sunni villages once again this summer .
ISIL 's current vision of counterinsurgency seems to be built on the extraordinarily dark premise that the citizens of its self-declared caliphate will undoubtedly revolt unless they are actively prevented from doing so . From the very outset , ISIL has viewed its own purported citizens as the greatest threat to its regime security . In fact , they 're no doubt correct in this analysis : only indigenous forces can unseat ISIL in the Sunni Arab hinterlands of north-central Iraq and Syria . Relying primarily on Shiite , Allawi , Kurdish or foreign forces will only stir greater popular resistance .
ISIL has an approach to counterinsurgency that combines the brilliant with the blundering . It has in-depth social and cultural intelligence on the communities it controls , having stalked these areas , recruited from them and undertaken structured tribal engagement inside them for years . ISIL has also extensively shaped local environments during the last three years , killing off as many potential adversaries as possible within local hierarchies before it took over .
ISIL has a formula when it seizes new territory . It achieves early psychological dominance with its rapid vehicle-based raids — a traditional camel charge updated with Toyota Hiluxes . Then ISIL reassures its new subjects , appearing content to leave traditional power structures unmolested and distributing booty in rough-and-ready social-welfare drives , albeit efforts that only scratch the surface of local needs .
During this period what they are actually doing is identifying and disarming networks of potential resisters . Non-Sunni and non-Arab minorities are driven out . Sunni Arabs who act independently and refuse to pledge allegiance are subject to incarceration as hostages or are killed . ISIL appeals to the basest instincts of local people : to take their neighbor 's car , cattle , crops and houses . Through guilt-by-association traditional clan structures are dis-integrated .
Where small communities have rebelled , ISIL has spared no effort to quickly and publicly make an example of them . In the small Iraqi town of Zawiya , for instance , ISIL punished tribal resistance by leveling the village , dynamiting all 200 homes in the manner of ancient Rome 's leveling of Carthage .
By now you 're probably sensing that this is not the warm and fuzzy counterinsurgency approach recommended in the U.S. government manual , with General David Petraeus 's focus on clearing , holding and building in liberated areas to win the active support of the population . ISIL does n't build anything — in fact all across north-central Iraq they are demolishing as many administrative buildings and bridges as they can , whilst liberally seeding the towns they hold with explosive booby-traps . They seem to know that they will be forced out eventually and are preparing for that day , once again demonstrating breathtaking nihilism .
ISIL 's approach to counterinsurgency is practically all sticks , no carrots . Being occupied by ISIL is an economic disaster : as soon as they arrive , government salaries stop being paid , trade dwindles , gasoline and generator fuel becomes scarce . In the civil war environment of Syria this is less noticeable , but in the context of Iraq the economic distress of ISIL-dominated areas sticks out like a sore thumb .
All this suggests that ISIL is remarkably vulnerable to a well-planned set of uprisings against it in both Iraq and Syria . ISIL 's approach to counterinsurgency is brutal and archaic — more Belgians in the Congo than Petraeus in the Surge . The uprisings that are threatened against ISIL would represent a formidable threat for even the strongest regime with the best counterinsurgency strategy . Anti-ISIL rebels in Iraq and Syria boast sanctuaries in safe areas of Iraq and Syria plus a range of neighboring states .
Anti-ISIL rebels can now draw upon the support of the most powerful nations in the international community , including those who operate the world 's most sophisticated airpower and intelligence collection capabilities . If anti-ISIL uprisings are planned and supported with even a modicum of skill and determination , they 'll eventually succeed . The ultimate nihilism of ISIL is not only that they are doomed but that they seem to know it , and that the only variable is how many lives they can ruin on their way out .
Michael Knights is the Lafer Fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . They have worked in all of Iraq 's provinces and most of its hundred districts .
Security guard arrested for concocting story to arrest mall customer
Security guard Gregory Lattera intially told police they arrested customer John Kaminski in the parking lot of the Ross Toys R ' Us last month because Mr. Kaminski had run them down with their Jeep .
They have since admitted they were just `` tired , cold and sore '' when they decided to concoct the story and target Mr. Kaminski , who was roughed up by Mr. Laterra and then Tased by a Ross police officer in front of their wife and child before being taken into police custody .
Mr. Laterra , of Pittsburgh 's Strip District , turned themselves in to police Friday after learning of the warrant out for their arrest for the Nov. 25 incident . They are charged with making false reports to law enforcement , impersonating a public servant , unlawful restraint , harassment , false impisonment and simple assault .
In a criminal complaint , police outlined the bizarre chain of events that left Mr. Kaminski , who had done nothing wrong , roughed up and on the asphalt in the parking lot of Ross Park Mall .
At around 2.45 p.m. , Mr. Kaminski was driving their red Jeep SUV through the intersection of Old McKnight Road and Cheryl Drive , where Mr. Laterra was directing traffic , when Mr. Laterra smacked the back window of the car . At that point , Mr. Laterra reported to police that they had been run down by Mr. Kaminski and that they were going to locate them in the parking lot .
They stormed through the lot , found Mr. Kaminski and told them they were under arrest . When Mr. Kaminski 's wife Kellie asked what was going on , Mr. Lattera responded that their husband had just assaulted a police officer . They then put Mr. Kaminski in a headlock , slammed them against their car and demanded that they lie down on the ground . Mr. Kaminski yelled that they could n't because they were pinned against the car , witnesses told police . They then threw Mr. Kaminski to the ground , holding them down with their knee , while a Ross police officer who had arrived as back up Tased Mr. Kaminski . They were handcuffed and taken to the Ross police station .
Mr. Lattera 's version of events unraveled after they gave their statement to police , because the Kaminskis and multiple witnesses contradicted their story that they had been hit by their Jeep . They conceded , admitting they fabricated the story because they were exhausted and upset from directing traffic for nearly six hours .
They were arraigned Friday night and released on an unsecured bond of $ 20,000 . They are scheduled to go before Magistrate Richard Opiela on December 15 at 8 a.m. for a preliminary hearing .
First published on December 12 , 2010 at 12:18 am
An Ohio Republican legislator who campaigned on “ family values ” and fought against LGBTQ rights has resigned after they were reportedly caught having sex .
In their office .
With a man .
According to Newsweek , a few months ago an “ observer ” encountered the patriotic state Rep. Wes Goodman in their Columbus , Ohio , office at the Riffe Center , planting their flag having consensual sex with a man who was not an employee . The person told the Ohio House chief of staff , who told the Speaker of the House Cliff Rosenberger . Rosenberger met with Goodman , who is married , and Goodman resigned for “ inappropriate conduct ” immediately after the meeting .
Goodman , a 33-year-old who calls themselves the “ conscience of the conservative movement , ” was named to the “ Hall of Shame ” in 2014 by the largest gay-rights advocacy group , the Human Rights Watch , after they campaigned against marriage equality in Washington , D.C .
They have often spoken about “ natural marriage ” throughout their career , and their Twitter bio describes them as “ Christian . American . Conservative . Republican . Husband to @ Beth1027 . ”
Advertisement
Goodman 's constituents have reached out to support them and their family as they go through this trouble in a number of ways :
Advertisement
There is no word on whether Wes Goodman has pulled up their pants yet .
Read more at Newsweek .
The number of syphilis cases in Philadelphia has quadrupled over the past decade thanks to a sharp increase last year , the city 's health officials said .
On Thursday , a Department of Public Health report outlined the recent impact of the sexually-transmitted infection on city residents and possible causes .
Health officials noted that syphilis diagnoses have steadily increased in the city and across the United States since 2005 . In Philly , 208 cases were reported 10 years ago , but the number ballooned to 925 in 2016 .
Source/Philadelphia Department of Public Health
While the figures show a rise in both women and straight men , a majority of last year 's outbreak was among gay men . In 2016 , about 61 percent of cases were reported in men who had sex with other men .
Looking closer at the statistics for gay men , the department found that infection rates are twice as high in blacks than in whites . Also , 52 percent of new infections were among men 30 years old and younger .
Despite a noticeable bump in cases affecting gay men , the number of sexual partners claimed by the group did n't vary much from women and straight men . On average , each group reported having five or six partners during the 12 months prior to diagnosis .
What did stand out for health officials was how gay men were meeting sexual partners . Of those infected with syphilis last year , about 200 cases were attributed to the use of mobile apps to find partners . That 's more than double the number of cases reported the previous year . Meanwhile , the rate of infections from men who meet partners `` on the street , '' in a bath house or through the internet remained flat .
Source/Philadelphia Department of Public Health
`` These apps present a challenge for identifying and treating sexual partners of syphilis cases because the interaction is often anonymous and can not be re-traced , '' the department warned .
While health officials are developing strategies to prevent the spread of syphilis , the department urges the public to use condoms during sex and know the signs and symptoms of the infection . Those include painless genital ulcers or a rash that spreads over your body .
While most Americans disapprove of Donald Trump 's recent executive order that would prohibit refugees and travel from some Muslim-majority countries , a recent Pew Research Center survey finds a sizable divide on the issue among the country 's major religious groups .
Most Republicans support and most Democrats oppose the order , which would temporarily prohibit accepting new refugees from Syria into the U.S. and also prevent people ( refugee or otherwise ) from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S .
The partisan gap is mirrored by a religious one . About three-quarters of white evangelical Protestants ( 76 % ) , most of whom identify with or lean toward the GOP , say they approve of the travel ban . In stark contrast , big majorities of black Protestants ( 84 % ) and religious “ nones ” ( 74 % ) – two strongly Democratic constituencies – disapprove of the executive order .
Most Catholics ( 62 % ) also disapprove of Trump 's action on this issue . But among Catholics , there are big differences in opinion between whites , who are evenly divided in their view about the order , and Hispanics and other racial and ethnic minorities , who overwhelmingly disapprove of the restrictions on refugees and travel . White mainline Protestants also are divided on the issue .
In addition to approving of new restrictions on refugees and travelers from Muslim-majority countries , three-quarters of white evangelical Protestants also say they are “ very concerned ” about extremism in the name of Islam around the world these days , and roughly seven-in-ten ( 69 % ) say they are “ very concerned ” about extremism in the name of Islam in the U.S . Roughly half or more white Catholics and white mainline Protestants share these sentiments . At the same time , roughly three-in-ten religious “ nones ” say they are “ very concerned ” about extremism in the name of Islam around the world ( 32 % ) or in the U.S. ( 27 % ) .
The survey also shows that about half of white evangelicals believe there is a “ great deal ” ( 16 % ) or a “ fair amount ” ( 35 % ) of support for extremism among Muslims in the U.S . This is a minority viewpoint in every other major religious group .
Topics : Immigration Trends , Catholics and Catholicism , Evangelical Protestants and Evangelicalism , Muslims and Islam , Religiously Unaffiliated , Religion and Society , Religious Affiliation , Religious Beliefs and Practices , Migration , Religious Extremism , Immigration , Religion and U.S . Politics
101 East joined the Philippine military in their final battle against ISIL in the southern city of Marawi .
{ articleGUID }
ISIL captured the city of Marawi in the southern Philippines to turn it into a new caliphate of the so-called Islamic State .
It was an audacious move that took the government and military by surprise .
A fierce and deadly war ensued , signalling the group 's determination to bring its battle from the Middle East to Southeast Asia .
Ground and aerial bombardment have left Marawi in ruins . Nearly 1,000 people have been killed ; 160 of them soldiers .
As news spread that fighters were beheading civilians and Philippine forces bombed the city , about 300,000 residents fled .
Government officials estimate it will cost more than $ 1bn to rebuild the city and that it could take years .
Some locals say that if the government fails to rebuild Marawi , it could become a fertile recruiting ground for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , ISIL ( also known as ISIS ) .
`` If the government fails to support us , to rebuild the city , this will produce hundreds of terrorists , '' says Agakhan Sharief , a local Muslim leader .
101 East joined the Philippines military in their final battle to take back the city .
ALSO READ : 'Mama , I want to go home ' : ISIL 's assault on Marawi
Join the conversation @ AJ 101East
Source : Al Jazeera
Audio here :
http : //whosnext.power106.com/contest/twentyfourteen/artist/7032
Grabbin Rain
I wan na kill it making money
kids ' inheritance wo n't ever end .
That 's “ good will ” hunting
Even though I 'm no Matt Damon .
Got no children yet I 'm hoping to be Raymond ,
Syndication adds some dollars to the bottom of your statement .
Wan na be Like Mike ,
Not Jordan , Mike and Molly .
Oh I 've never tried that , if you 've got some would you call me ?
Wall-E with the ladies , garbage Pickar , seeking Eve .
The beard is wizard baby , ai n't no tricks up my sleeve .
Words turning you warg , you 're “ Lycan ” , see
that joke was Game of Thrones , so you know this ai n't Duck Dynasty .
No rivalry , I 'm just me .
Though when my Hangover 's in Vegas I 'm a fake and that 's just fine with me .
So give it up for Zach G .
Alifianakis .
Paving the way and now today I gat this .
Woke up from my nap and I have to find where cash is .
Not Clay ,
Some day I 'll be grabbin the rain .
[ Grabbin Rain ]
If it 's so easy
[ Grabbin Rain ]
Where is my money ?
[ In the club , grabbin the rain
In the pub , grabbin the rain
Chill with Hef , grabbin the rain
Doin meth , grabbin the rain ]
Coming out of nowhere do n't know where to begin .
You want a little drizzle ? I 'm not Storm from the X-Men .
Whether making it like Grisham , or if I 'm the man like Dustin
There 's no metaphor suited for how my dented ass is bustin .
Cuz in poker I 'm a joker on the side , and blind to bluffin .
Having me for dinner , I 'm no turkey , I 'll be stuffin .
Cute like I 'm a puffin .
So real I 'm no MacGuffin
Never bite I ai n't McGruff and leave a mark on you like scuffin .
Nothing in my way , I 'm slowly clearing a path .
May not be Singin ' in the Rain but I can still Make Em Laugh .
I craft raps on my bad back with a laugh track in mind .
Now get your hands up in the air like there 's some rain in the sky !
[ Grabbin rain ]
Ca n't throw out my cash .
[ Grabbin rain ]
Got no secret stash
[ Grabbin rain ]
I just want some gold
[ Grabbin rain ]
Before I get old .
[ Convenience store , grabbin the rain
Jersey shore , grabbin the rain
Takin naps , grabbin the rain
Checkin maps , grabbin the rain .
Bar mitzvah , grabbin the rain
Twister , grabbin the rain
Doin the karate , grabbin the rain
Burying a body , grabbin the rain . ]
Do n't forget to vote !
http : //whosnext.power106.com/contest/twentyfourteen/artist/7032
© 2013-2014 Jason Pickar/Heeb-Chozin Industries
This article is over 2 years old
• Teenage England striker rewarded for remarkable debut season • They scored eight times in 18 appearances for United
Marcus Rashford has been rewarded for their breakthrough season at Manchester United with a £20,000-a-week contract . The striker , 18 , has one year left on their current deal and United have acted swiftly , offering them a long‑term extension .
José Mourinho more of a risk for Manchester United than three years ago | Paul Wilson Read more
Rashford , who scored after 138 seconds for England in their 2-1 victory against Australia on Friday night , will find out on Tuesday whether they have made Roy Hodgson 's Euro 2016 squad .
It has been a whirlwind few months for the teenager who broke into the United side only in February , scoring twice on their debut against FC Midtjylland in the Europa League before hitting two goals against Arsenal in the Premier League .
Rashford scored eight times in 18 appearances in their debut season and has now been offered the extension following their display on the international stage .
United are also reportedly close to agreeing a new deal for the defender Cameron Borthwick-Jackson , who has one year left on their current terms .
While there are many lists of presidential candidates who supposedly won Wednesday night 's GOP debate , the man who truly took home the prize does n't appear on any of them .
That 's because he 's not a Republican .
Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( I-Vt. ) was crowned king of the debate yet again after producing the single biggest Facebook post of the night by far .
`` It was n't even close , '' says Brandon Silverman , CEO of CrowdTangle , a company that measures and analyzes social media interactions .
`` The evening was really pretty sad , '' Sanders wrote in the Facebook post that garnered over 176,000 likes and 35,000 shares . `` This country and our planet face enormous problems . And the Republican candidates barely touched upon them tonight . And when they did , they were dead wrong on virtually every position they took . The Republican Party can not be allowed to lead this country . That 's why we need a political revolution . ''
Sanders also live-tweeted the debate using the hashtag # DebateWithBernie .
By comparison , the most shared Facebook post from a GOP candidate , which was published by Ben Carson , garnered 128,000 likes and 8,700 shares .
This was n't Sanders 's first GOP debate victory , either .
During the first debate on August 6 , Sanders generated the most retweeted tweet of the night , with over four times the retweets of the next candidate down : Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE .
We last left George and Kayla as they were going into labor early . They rushed to the hospital and spent the next few weeks there . Kayla kept trying to tell George to go back to work in order to get some money but they could n't leave their side . Finally after a few weeks they were allowed to go home .
Meet Jenri , the newest little addition to our family . They are Hydrophobic and Virtuoso . Even though they were a little early they are now a perfectly healthy little girl .
Kayla fell right into a routine . They were able to take care of Kayla , clean the house , and spend quality time with George everyday . It was very difficult for George to spend time with Jenri . Their job made them stay out late , till 3 am every morning , which caused them to sleep late . If they did n't love it so much they would have quit on the spot .
A few months after Jenri was born Kayla started feeling the same nausea they had when they first found out they were pregnant . They took a test and their fears were confirmed . They were terrified . Not only did they barely have enough money for one , they were now going to have to care for two children . What would George think ?
That night at dinner , Kayla broke the news . George was in shock . They had tried to be so careful because of the bad money situation . But they called their parents .
“ Mom , guess what ! I know it 's been a while since we talked .. But I have some great news ! Since moving to Sunset Valley I have found a girl ! We have a child together and another on the way . That 's right you are a grandma ! But mom , I hate to ask you , but as you know moving here I did n't have a lot of money and now , as you can guess , money has gotten tight . I was wondering if you have anything from my old savings account I can have to build a room for your grandchildren . ”
They were happy to help out ! Jenri finally got their own room !
And not a moment to soon……
Advertisements
Microsoft has set a goal of attracting 1 billion Windows 10 users in the next two to three years , and now it 's trying to make it easier for Apple and Android developers to get in on the action .
Windows 10 , slated for worldwide release this summer , will run on all kinds of devices , from smartphones and small tablets to PCs and digital displays . This wide range of devices - and an expected 1 billion-strong user base - will greatly expand opportunities for developers , according to CEO Satya Nadella .
[ Also see : How Windows 10 lets phones become `` like a PC '' ]
`` We want to make sure every developer has the widest user base to target with your apps , '' Nadella said Wednesday US time at Microsoft 's Build conference in downtown San Francisco .
At the event , Microsoft unveiled four new ways for developers to build apps in Windows 10 using the code they 've built for apps on other platforms .
Developers will be able to take nearly all of the Java and C++ code they use to build Android apps and use it to build apps that run on Windows 10 devices , said Terry Myerson , executive vice president of Microsoft 's Operating Systems group ( OSG ) .
Myerson said Windows Phones will include an Android subsystem that will let them run apps that use both Android and Windows 10 code . This could let an Android developer expand the scope to Windows 10 and target the expected 1 billion-plus user base , they said .
Microsoft also unveiled technology for building Windows Universal Apps -- which run on any kind of device - using Apple 's Objective-C language . Developers can now compile the same code they use to build iOS apps on Windows 10 , thereby taking advantage of capabilities only Windows has , Myerson said .
King , the developer of Candy Crush Saga , used this technology to bring the wildly popular game to Windows Phone , and it 's planning to release more games for Windows 10 , said Myerson .
What Microsoft unveiled Wednesday US time is basically the reverse of what Xamarin , a mobile vendor that lets developers code Android and iOS apps using Microsoft 's C # programming language , offers today .
Xamarin was the star of last year 's Build conference and was said to be in acquisition talks with Microsoft in the weeks leading up to the event . But so far , this year 's Build event focused on cross-platform tools that Microsoft developed itself .
Microsoft is also enabling developers to bring new apps to Windows Store . This means apps built on .NET and Win32 , two popular technologies in the Microsoft developer community , can be imbued with the ability to run on any kind of device that runs Windows 10 .
`` We will be adding support for bringing .NET and Win32 apps into the Windows Store and take advantage of Windows Universal Apps capabilities , '' Myerson said .
This article originally appeared at crn.com
More than 80 years after it was first predicted , physicists have created metallic hydrogen - a mysterious form of hydrogen that could be capable of superconducting electricity without resistance at room temperature .
Scientists have long suspected that hydrogen could exist as a metal in certain parts of the Universe , but this is the first time metallic hydrogen has ever been created on Earth , and the material is even stranger and more fascinating than scientists imagined .
`` This is the holy grail of high-pressure physics , '' says lead researcher Isaac F. Silvera from Harvard University . `` It 's the first-ever sample of metallic hydrogen on Earth , so when you 're looking at it , you 're looking at something that 's never existed before . ''
The periodic table can be broadly be split up into two categories - metals and non-metals . Among many other properties , metals are lustrous ( shiny ) , good conductors , and usually solid at room temperature , while non-metals have a dull appearance , and are poor conductors .
As most of us learnt at high school , hydrogen - the first element on the periodic table - is a non-metal .
But back in 1935 , researchers predicted that under certain conditions , this common and oft-studied element could have its atoms bind together so tightly , the material would n't just take on metallic properties , it could actually become a metal .
But those conditions are n't easy to achieve - they involved achieving incredibly high pressures at extremely low temperatures , which is why for more than 80 years , and despite numerous attempts , no one had been able to prove it was possible , until now .
`` The most exciting part is we pressurised hydrogen gas to sufficiently high pressures and we saw it convert into a metal , '' Silvera told ScienceAlert .
Silvera has been trying to create metallic hydrogen for 45 years .
`` The hydrogen went from being transparent , to non-transparent and black , and suddenly it became lustrous , '' they explained . `` We could actually see it become a metal . ''
You can see this material , for the first time ever on planet Earth , below :
Silvera et al
This is n't just exciting as a proof-of-concept in the physics world - although it 's definitely that . Metallic hydrogen has been the source of so much speculation over the years because it 's predicted to have some incredible properties .
Most importantly , physicists think that metallic hydrogen could be a room-temperature superconductor , which would mean the material could conduct electricity with zero resistance - and without having to be cooled to crazy temperatures first .
We know of many superconducting materials already - we use them to create the powerful magnetic fields in our MRI machines and in maglev trains - but they 're only capable of achieving superconductivity at temperatures below –269 degrees Celsius ( –452.2 degrees Fahrenheit ) , which makes them expensive and non-practical for many purposes .
If scientists could achieve that same superconductivity at room temperature , it would be huge , because it means we could create things like power lines that do n't lose any electricity between the power plant and your home . Right now , the grid loses as much as 15 percent of its energy as heat , due to resistance .
The material could also be the most powerful rocket propellant ever discovered , with incredible energy stored up in its bonds capable of blasting us to distant worlds .
To be clear , the metallic hydrogen that Silvera and their team have created is only around 1 to 1.5 microns thick , and 10 microns in diameter , so it 's tiny .
And until peer-review had confirmed that their sample was the real deal , they were hesitant to perform too many tests on it , so we have no evidence so far to suggest that the material is a superconductor . That 's something that will be investigated in the months to come .
But for now , we know the sample is real , and it 's been stable in Silvera 's lab since October .
Researchers have claimed that they 've made the early stages of metallic hydrogen in the past - and even claimed evidence of metallic hydrogen itself . But these reports have never been verified . This latest claim will now have its chance to have holes poked in it by critics , but so far the sample has withstood all relevant metallic testing .
To create the sample , the team trapped hydrogen gas inside a tiny diamond casket , chilled it to 5.5 Kelvin ( –267.65 degrees Celsius and –449.77 degrees Fahrenheit ) and put it under incredibly high pressure .
Silver et al
And when we say high pressure , we mean high pressure . Back in 1935 , it was predicted that metallic hydrogen would emerge at 25 gigapascals ( GPa ) of pressure . But Silvera and their team finally achieved it at pressures between 465 and 495 GPa - nearly 20 times higher than initially predicted .
For perspective , 1 GPa equals 1 million kilopascals ( KPa ) , and the average pressure at sea level on Earth is 101.325 KPa .
The team quickly saw its appearance change , but to verify that what they 'd created was metallic hydrogen , they used spectroscopic measurements , including measuring its reflectivity , and showed that what was originally a standard hydrogen gas ( H2 ) had transformed into an atomic metal .
You can see the different atomic structure below :
Silver et al
Now that we know metallic hydrogen exists , there are many questions left to be answered . The biggest of these is whether or not metallic hydrogen is a liquid or a solid - as researchers have predicted it could be both .
So far , Silvera and their team believe that what they 've created is a solid , but they 'll be performing more detailed analyses of the material now that it 's been verified ( something they were n't willing to risk before in case they inadvertently destroyed the fragile sample ) .
They 'll also be hooking the metal up with current to test whether it really is a superconductor at room temperature - something that 's possible whether it 's a liquid or solid .
`` It 's going to be challenging but we 're going to try , '' says Silvera .
Oddly enough , Silvera says that it 's also likely that metallic hydrogen could be metastable - which means that even if you release the pressure it will remain metallic .
A common example of a metastable material is diamond , which is a metastable form of carbon . To make diamond , you put graphite under incredible pressure and heat - something that happens naturally deep below Earth 's surface .
But even when you dig diamonds up out of the ground , they remain diamonds .
The same might be true with metallic hydrogen , and this is something that will also be tested once all other analysis has been performed on the sample , just in case the predictions are wrong , and the material disperses back into a gas when the pressure is lifted .
`` We 're going to work on this sample for a while , and then we 'll release the pressure and see if the sample persists as metallic hydrogen , '' says Silvera . `` And then we 're going to load another sample . ''
There are exciting times ahead , and many more discoveries to be made . But today we just proved that the most common of all the Universe 's elements can exist in an entirely new form , and that 's cause enough for us to celebrate .
The research has been published in Science .
We have 50,000 codes to give away for FPS Survarium , gifting the player a Premium account for 1 week and 5,000 Silver coins .
Each key gives the player a Premium account for a whole week and a bonus 5,000 Silver in-game currency .
With a Premium account , players get 50 percent more experience , income and reputation .
Each key is unique , and can only be used once for one Survarium account .
Players must have a Survarium account , and can apply the code by doing the following :
To use the key , register and/or log in on the Survarium website .
If you 're new to Survarium make sure you 've verified the account by clicking on the link received via email .
Click on Profile - > Promo-codes - > Add promo-code - > Enter the code - > Apply code .
Please note : after entering the code it will take some time for bonuses to be added . From approximately five minutes to half an hour .
To get your code just enter your details below and do n't forget to like VG247 on Facebook for regular offers in the coming months .
Australia 's peak business body wants to expand the work for the dole scheme , allowing the private sector to use young unemployed workers who would be paid for from the public purse as a way of addressing youth unemployment .
Youth joblessness has risen to 14.2 per cent , according to figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics , the highest rate since 1998 and more than double the proportion of people aged over 25 seeking work .
Chief executive of the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry Kate Carnell wants the government to expand the work for the dole program . Credit : Alex Ellinghausen
Chief executive of the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry Kate Carnell described the increase in unemployment for people aged 15-24 as `` the most concerning issue confronting business in this country . ''
`` We think there 's a very real chance that unless the youth unemployment issue is addressed – and it will need to be addressed quite aggressively – that we will end up with a generation of young people on the fringes of the economy , '' they said .
THE 69-year-old man run over by ex-Noiseworks singer Jon Stevens on Monday is top Israeli journalist Akiva Eldar .
Mr Eldar , a high-profile political columnist and commentator , was in Sydney visiting their in-laws — including their brother-in-law , property developer Danny Avidan and their fashion designer wife Charlie Brown .
They were just metres from Mr Avidan 's home in Point Piper when they were struck down by Stevens ' BMW X5 .
It 's reported Mr Eldar was on their way to visit their mother-in-law when the incident occurred .
The accident also took place near the home of Stevens ' ex-fiancee Jodhi Meares in the exclusive east Sydney suburb .
It is understood Stevens was visiting their son when their car collided with a 69-year-old man on a pedestrian crossing at the corner of Wolseley Rd and Point Piper Road just before 1.30pm .
The elderly man sustained injuries to their legs and was taken to hospital for treatment .
A NSW Police spokesperson confirmed the incident took place adding the 52-year-old male driver stopped to assist the pedestrian until police and paramedics arrived .
It has been reported an on-the-spot-alcohol test was carried out and returned a negative result .
Following the incident Stevens issued a statement saying they “ ca n't take a trick right now ” .
“ I hope the gentleman is OK , police and paramedics assured me they are but I 'll be checking in to make sure . It was just an accident , I ca n't take a trick right now . I 'm devastated , ” Stevens said in the statement .
The incident is the latest the former frontman has been embroiled in recently .
Last week they were front and centre of the John Singleton fracas , even seen carrying the business person out of the pub across the road from the restaurant where Singleton had held a broken glass to the face of fellow diner Jack Cowin after a “ joke ” over drinking rose .
Three months ago , Stevens was involved in an altercation with their then fiancee Jodhi Meares that resulted in charges and an apprehended violence order . Both were later dropped but not before Stevens had multiple singing gigs cancelled by promoters .
Meares , who lives in Point Piper , has their own chequered driving history .
In 2014 , they flipped their Range Rover after hitting a row of parked cars and was charged with high-range drink-driving . They miraculously escaped without injury but was fined $ 1100 and banned from driving for a year after pleading guilty in Waverley Court , in Sydney 's eastern suburbs .
At the time Stevens vigorously defended them to the media and on social media , even telling one of their critics to “ choke on your own vomit ” .
The US President was speaking at a Democratic fundraiser where the rapper was performing
President Barack Obama has revealed that they are a big fan of rapper J Cole .
The US President gave a keynote speech at this year 's South By Southwest festival in Austin , Texas on Friday ( March 11 ) , during which they spoke about technology and how it can re-engage voters .
After , they headed to a fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee , where Cole was performing . Obama told the crowd there : “ I love J. Cole . You know , this is the benefit of having teenage daughters . I actually keep up . I got a chance to see J. Cole 's mum and grandma . ”
Watch footage from the event below , via Hot New Hip Hop .
Recently , Kanye West claimed to have promised the President that they would produce Nas ‘ next album .
West , who recently appeared on the latest French Montana mixtape alongside Nas on the song ‘ Figure It Out ' , told fans about their talk with Obama via Twitter . Having got over their clash with Deadmau5 earlier this week , West tweeted : “ I promised Obama Ima do beats on NAS ' next album… ”
Sharethrough ( Mobile )
First Lady Michelle Obama will also head to SXSW next week ( March 16 ) , where they will discuss the Let Girls Learn initiative , which seeks to help and break borders of education for young girls around the world . As part of Women 's History Month , Mrs Obama will address and make a call to action in supporting the 62 million girls that are out of school today .
The American bench boss helmed several NHL teams and is best known for leading Team USA to gold at the 1996 World Cup
Former NHL coach Ron Wilson is reportedly recovering in rehab after suffering a stroke . Los Angeles Times columnist Helene Elliott broke the news , citing several friends of the bench boss as sources .
Wilson 's last job came with Team USA at the 2016 world juniors , where they steered a loaded team featuring Auston Matthews , Zach Werenski and Matthew Tkachuk to a bronze medal in Finland . The Americans beat archrival Canada along the way and took third with a pasting of Sweden .
Before that , Wilson was best known as an NHL mind who coached Team USA 's gold-medal World Cup squad , a watershed moment for a new generation of American kids in hockey .
At the NHL level , Wilson was the first coach of the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and also spent time in Washington ( where they led the Capitals to the 1998 Stanley Cup final ) , San Jose and Toronto .
Wilson also played the game at a high level , suiting up for Providence College in the mid-1970s . Their coach with the Friars was Lou Lamoriello , while Brian Burke was a teammate .
Along with this , be aware that , the reason your trainee is having difficulty recovering between sets in the gym and between workouts outside of the gym and feeling overtrained in general is because your trainee is most likely a skinnyfat sack of untrained cookiedough with zero conditioning base due to a lifetime of neglecting any basic athletic activity who got sold a load a horse manure by a snake oil huckster claiming that the only way for a beginner trainee to overcome this is to train less than everyone else . That was a long run-on sentence , because holy Christ it is so goddamn insane that I wanted to just contain it all in one spot like a freakin ' quarantine zone after an outbreak of zombie syphilis . You 're trying to tell me that the way we 're going to get Johnny No-Sports on par with lifelong athletes is by starting them off with the lowest training volume ever witnessed by man and then reducing it even MORE once they inevitably stall due to a lack of work capacity ? How are people still believing this ?
A VAST majority of Queenslanders in the southeast want to trial daylight saving and have a referendum on the issue .
But their cousins outside of the southeast corner are as passionately opposed to the concept , according to results from a state government online poll .
Premier Anna Bligh said the result indicates that there is not enough momentum for change .
`` Frankly , I am a bit surprised , '' they said .
Ms Bligh said it was difficult to justify spending public money on a referendum if there was n't an expectation of a change .
The poll , in which 74,000 people responded was split along regional lines .
67 per cent of people in the southeast are in favour of a referendum .
65 per cent of those in the regions are opposed .
70 per cent of people in the southeast want a trial of split time zones for the southeast
76 per cent of regional Queenslanders are opposed to such a trial .
In answer to the question on having a referendum on split timezones , 63 per cent were in favour , 35 percent against and 2 per cent undecided .
In answer to whether Queensland should trial daylight saving in the southeast corner , 64 per cent said yes , 34 per cent said no and 2 per cent were undecided .
The survey results will be discussed at a Labor caucus meeting on Monday when it will be decided how Government MPs will vote on the issue when a bill proposing both a trial and referendum is tabled in Parliament in the coming weeks .
The political group leader who reignited the call for daylight saving wants Premier Bligh to lock in October 3 as the time to start a split time-zone trial .
Jason Furze from Daylight Saving for South East Queensland said the date would be in line with other states that already had daylight saving .
`` Let 's make the call today , '' Furze said .
`` It 's a contentious issue . The only way to find out what every Queenslander wants is to ask them the question by referendum . ''
Independent MP Peter Wellington has introduced a private member 's Bill to have a referendum on daylight saving for the southeast , saying the state had never tried dual time zones .
Furze had said that if the online poll result was 50-50 or above a trial and a referendum were warranted .
`` It 's proven once again this is an issue and a problem , '' they said .
`` This issue is not going to go away until it 's adequately resolved and a dual time zone may be that adequate solution . ''
A spokesperson for Bligh said an analysis of the survey responses revealed a huge divide in attitudes between regional and southeast Queenslanders .
`` While 67 per cent of southeast Queensland respondents were in favour of a referendum , 65 per cent of those in the regions were opposed , '' the spokesperson said .
`` Similarly , 76 per cent of regional Queenslanders were opposed to a trial for the southeast corner , compared to 70 per cent of SEQ respondents who were in favour . ''
Furze said lack of information about any potential boundaries for a dual time zone probably affected the vote .
with mX
Originally published as Sun sets on daylight saving
The president of the Ki-Be School Board is in hot water for not staying out of a girl 's wrestling match . The coach wants a restraining order against them . How many girls wrestle in the Mid-Columbia ? I knew some did , but I did n't realize enough to have their own coaches , teams and matches !
According to the news story , only coaches are allowed on the mats with the student athletes . Parents must stay in the stands . The purpose of the rule is to prevent crowding around the mat making it difficult for everyone to watch .
Tim Cook , the current head of the school board , wanted to watch their daughter wrestle and kept coming down to the mat . The third time they showed up with a coach 's wristband even though they are not a coach . So the girls ' coach tried to have them removed , and a yelling match followed .
A number of high-profile companies have openly expressed their opposition to President Donald Trump 's executive order on immigration .
This past weekend , the top executives from these companies released statements , posted tweets and announced donations to the American Civil Liberties Union as forms of protest against the temporary ban of immigrants from Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen .
Here are some of those responses :
'Who Is Their Acting Coach ? ' : Trump Calls Out Schumer 's 'Fake Tears ' Over Travel Ban
Huckabee : Critics Are 'Lying , There Is n't a Muslim Ban '
Family Feud ! Woodhouse Brothers Clash over Trump 's Immigration Ban
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerburg said they were concerned about the order .
`` We should also keep our doors open to refugees and those who need help . That 's who we are , '' they said .
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said in their statement that it has been `` a very sad week . ''
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz said the company plans to hire 10,000 refugees over five years in 75 countries .
Message from Howard Schultz to @ Starbucks partners : Living Our Values in Uncertain Times https : //t.co/WoHkS3N9fB — Starbucks News ( @ Starbucksnews ) January 29 , 2017
Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky has offered to house any refugees for free .
Not allowing countries or refugees into America is not right , and we must stand with those who are affected . — Brian Chesky ( @ bchesky ) January 29 , 2017
Airbnb is providing free housing to refugees and anyone not allowed in the US . Stayed tuned for more , contact me if urgent need for housing — Brian Chesky ( @ bchesky ) January 29 , 2017
Alphabet , the parent company of Google , said nearly 200 of its employees would be affected by this executive order .
`` It 's painful to see the personal cost of this executive order on our colleagues , '' said Google CEO Sundar Pichai .
As a member of Trump 's business advisory team , Tesla CEO Elon Musk said they would offer suggestions to the president at the group 's next meeting on Friday .
The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the country 's challenges — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) January 29 , 2017
Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US . They 've done right , not wrong & do n't deserve to be rejected . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) January 29 , 2017
Other notable companies speaking out against the ban include Goldman Sachs , Nike , Uber , Lyft , Apple and Twitter . The conservative Koch network condemned the move as `` the wrong approach . ''
University of Maryland economics professor Peter Morici joined `` Varney & Co. '' Monday discussing how these open statements could be risky for these companies .
Watch the segment above , and share your thoughts in the comments section .
WATCH : SAG Awards Become Protest Against Trump 's Immigration Ban
Poll : Nearly Half of America Voters Support Trump 's Immigration Order
Sen. Durbin : Trump 's 'Impulsive ' Immigration Order Sends Wrong Message
San Diego 's Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits will invest $ 47.8 million to establish East Coast brewing operations in suburban Roanoke , Va. , the Virginia governor 's office announced .
Ballast Point will be the third major San Diego brewer to establish East Coast facilities in Virginia , following previously announced operations now getting underway at Stone Brewing Co. and Green Flash Brewing Co. Stone is gearing up facilities in Richmond , and Green Flash is preparing to brew in Virginia Beach .
Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe said in a statement that they met with Ballast Point officials at their Miramar headquarters in September 2015 , as part of a West Coast business marketing mission . Virginia competed against several Eastern states for the project , which will create 178 jobs in Botetourt County near Roanoke .
“ We are fortunate that there is a growing appreciation of beer across the country and the world , and opening a brewery location in Virginia will better allow us to get fresh , great-quality beer in the hands of our customers , ” said Ballast Point founder Jack White , in the governor 's statement .
The Virginia Economic Development Partnership worked with Botetourt County and the Roanoke Regional Partnership to secure the project for Virginia , with a $ 2.4 million grant from the state 's Opportunity Fund approved by the governor . Ballast Point will also be eligible to receive a $ 250,000 grant from the governor 's Agriculture and Forestry Industries Development Fund .
The statement said funding and services to support Ballast Point 's employee training activities will be provided through the Virginia Jobs Investment Program .
Ballast Point last year was acquired by New York-based Constellation Brands , in a $ 1 billion deal . It is the nation 's 11th largest craft beer maker based on 2015 sales volume , and the second-largest among San Diego County brewers after Escondido-based Stone Brewing .
The Gers boss is looking at potential signings despite uncertainty over their own future .
SNS Group
Stuart McCall is putting together a `` dossier '' of potential transfer targets for next season , despite uncertainty over their own future at Rangers .
The former Motherwell boss is only contracted as interim manager of the Ibrox club until the end of the season , but has started planning for the 2015/16 campaign .
`` I 've been speaking to a lot of agents and putting things in place , if and when , '' they said .
`` And even if I 'm not here if i 'm getting players put to me that would like to come to Rangers regardless of the manager , then we build a little portfolio of positions that would be needed next year .
`` So it 's not a case that we 're standing still and come May 31st then , ‘ oh we have to get into action . ' That would be slightly naive .
`` We build a little dossier of players that as a staff we think would be good for us regardless of what league we are . ''
Former Gers boss Ally McCoist complained about the lack of a scouting network at the club , and while McCall admits an infrastructure does need to be put in place at Ibrox they do n't see it as much of an immediate issue .
`` I do n't think we 're at a stage yet where we were 10 or 15 years ago when we were aiming to get in the Champions League and bringing in players for three and four million , '' they said .
`` Rangers wo n't be there next season and we do n't need international scouts everywhere .
`` A scouting network does need to be put in place , but having said that - speaking to people like Craig Levein at Hearts , they do a lot of their scouting through Wyscout .
`` You can see so much now . When I brought Henrik Ojamaa in from a bit of a clip I saw on YouTube and I sold them for £350,000 . So you still do your background and I would always like to go see a player . ''
Left-to-right , a Game Boy Advance Game Link Cable plug , a FireWire 400 cable plug , a Universal Game Link cable plug , and a Game Boy Pocket link cable socket .
The Nintendo Game Link Cable is an accessory for the Game Boy line of handheld video game systems , allowing players to connect Game Boys of all types for multiplayer gaming . Depending on the games , a Game Link Cable can be used to link two games of the same title , like Tetris , or two compatible games like Pokémon Red and Blue . Games can be linked for head-to-head competition , cooperative play , trading items , unlocking hidden features , etc .
First generation [ edit ]
2 Game Boy systems connected with a DMG-04
The first generation Game Link Cable ( model DMG-04 ) was released alongside the original Game Boy and has `` large '' connectors on both ends . It can only be used to link two original Game Boy consoles to play Game Link-compatible games , usually denoted by a `` Game Link '' logo ( often read as `` Game Boy Video Link '' ) on the packaging and cartridge .
A select few Game Boy games , such as F-1 Race , supported multiplayer modes for up to four players , although this requires the use of up to three additional Game Link cables and the Game Boy Four Player Adapter ( model DMG-07 ) .
After the release of the Game Boy Pocket , Nintendo started using a smaller Game Link connector ( See `` Second generation '' below ) and released an adaptor called the Game Link Cable Adaptor ( model MGB-004 ) which could be used in conjunction with the original Game Link cable ( model DMG-04 ) to allow an original Game Boy to connect to a Game Boy Pocket/Color .
Second generation [ edit ]
A second-gen cable that also has dual plugs for older Game Boy systems .
The second generation started with the release of the Game Boy Pocket which used a much smaller Game Link connector than those used on the original Game Boy . Although the pin assignment and basic port shape remained the same , its much smaller size necessitated the release of new Game Link Cables .
The second generation Game Link Cables came in a few varieties , but each serves the same purpose . The first was called the Game Boy Pocket Game Link Cable ( model MGB-008 ) , and was designed to be used with the Game Boy Pocket . The MGB-008 was the only Game Link cable to be white in color , and may have only been released in Japan . [ citation needed ] The MGB-008 features the smaller second generation connectors on both ends , allowing two Game Boy Pockets to link .
The next cable in this generation is called the Universal Game Link Cable ( model MGB-010 ) . It features the smaller second generation connector on one end , and the cable splits into both a second generation and first generation connector at the other end ( although only one connector at this end can be used at any given time ) . This link cable was included with the Game Boy Printer in the USA and Europe but does not appear to have been available to buy separately .
After the Game Boy Pocket came the Game Boy Light ( a backlit Game Boy Pocket only released in Japan ) , and the Game Boy Color , all share the same link cable port design , and Game Boy Color games and original Game Boy games can both use a second generation cable . Therefore , the Game Boy Color is compatible with the MGB-008 and MGB-010 . Despite this , the Game Boy Color did receive its own designated link cable , the Game Boy Color Game Link Cable ( model CGB-003 ) , however it was functionally identical to the MGB-008 .
Nintendo also released a small adaptor called the Universal Game Link Adapter ( model DMG-14 ) which features a small second generation socket and a first generation plug . The adapter can be used in conjunction with either the MGB-008 or the CGB-003 and features a thin plastic harness allowing it to be clipped on to either cable . In the USA and Europe , Nintendo released the CGB-003 and DMG-14 as a set called the Universal Game Link Cable Set . As the set includes both the CGB-003 cable which features the smaller second generation connectors at both ends , plus a removable DMG-14 first generation adapter , it allows the connection of either two Game Boy Pocket/Colors , or one original Game Boy and one Game Boy Pocket/Color .
The Super Game Boy 2 also shares the same smaller style link cable port and therefore uses the same cables and adapters .
Third generation [ edit ]
The third generation started with the release of the Game Boy Advance which was released alongside its own link cable called the Game Boy Advance Game Link Cable ( model AGB-005 ) . It features yet another new type of link cable port which is used on the Game Boy Advance , Game Boy Advance SP and Game Boy Player . This link cable can only be used for connecting Game Link compatible Game Boy Advance games .
A small hub is included in the middle of the cable , which allows a second Game Link cable to be branched off of the first , and in turn , a third game link cable can be branched off of the second . This provides connections for four consoles in total , meaning games can be played with up to four players . The order in which the cables are connected to one another determines which player is which ; the first player always connects through the purple end of a game link cable , and all of the others through the grey ends , due to the design of the plugs and receptacles . [ 1 ]
The port design on the third generation is almost identical to the second generation link cable ports except that it adds an extra protrusion on the plug and a notch on the socket to prevent a Game Boy Advance Game Link cable from being accidentally inserted into older model Game Boy systems . The almost identical shape of the port allows the Game Boy Advance , Game Boy Advance SP and Game Boy Player to accept all the second generation Game Link Cables , but only for backward compatibility between Game Boy and Game Boy Color games . The second generation Game Link cable can not be used to link Game Boy Advance games , and the third generation Game Link Cable can not be used to link Game Boy or Game Boy Color games .
The e-Reader also uses the third generation link cable port , but since it is incompatible with Game Boy and Game Boy Color games , it is not backwards compatible with the second generation Game Link Cable .
Also compatible with Game Boy Advance , Game Boy Advance SP , e-Reader , and Game Boy Player is the Game Boy Advance Wireless Adapter ( model AGB-015 ) . [ 1 ] The adapter allows up to five players to link for multiplayer gaming , [ 2 ] although it is capable of linking up to thirty-nine copies of Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen in a virtual in-game lobby called the `` Union Room '' . [ 3 ] Unlike the AGB-005 , the wireless adapter is not compatible with all Game Boy Advance multiplayer games . Only certain games feature specific support for the AGB-015 .
Fourth generation [ edit ]
The fourth and last generation Game Link Cable , called the Game Boy Micro Game Link Cable ( model OXY-008 ) , was designed specifically for use with the Game Boy Micro . The Game Boy Micro features an even smaller link cable port than the Game Boy Advance , so it too requires its own Game Link Cable . The link cable features a fourth generation connector on each end which allows two Game Boy Micros to link . Alternatively , the Game Boy Micro Game Link cable can be used in conjunction with the Game Boy Micro Converter Connector ( model OXY-009 ) to link one Game Boy Micro and one Game Boy Advance or Game Boy Advance SP . Like the Game Boy Advance Game Link Cable , the Game Boy Micro Game Link Cable features a link cable port in the middle , used to receive additional cables to connect up to four players at once .
Also compatible with the Game Boy Micro is the Game Boy Micro Wireless Adapter ( model OXY-004 ) . The OXY-004 is compatible with all the same games as the AGB-015 and can communicate with the AGB-015 wirelessly to link one or more Game Boy Micros and one or more Game Boy Advance or Game Boy Advance SP systems . [ 1 ]
Other Link Cables [ edit ]
A Game Link Cable was planned for the Virtual Boy ( model VUE-004 ) , but was never released . [ 4 ]
The Nintendo GameCube–Game Boy Advance link cable ( model DOL-011 ) is a link cable that links the GameCube to the Game Boy Advance , the Game Boy Advance SP , and the e-Reader . The Game Boy Micro is not compatible due to its different connector . The original Wii , however , is compatible with the cable due to the Wii 's backwards compatibility with GameCube games and controllers .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A considerable number of U.S. surgeons struggle with thoughts of suicide , with burnout and past medical errors as possible reasons , according to a survey covering thousands of surgeons .
A team led by Tait Shanafelt of the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota found that more than 6 percent of surgeons had thought about killing themselves within the past year .
Among those aged 55 to 64 , the number was three times higher than national levels for that age group .
“ What we are seeing through this work is that there is a high amount of burnout and stress among America 's physicians , with potentially serious consequences for both physicians and their patients , ” Shanafelt said .
“ It is n't necessarily that having thoughts of suicide endangers patient health , but some of the same root causes , particularly burnout , do appear to have a strong relationship with quality of care . ”
In a survey published last year , Shanafelt 's team found that surgeons who reported high degrees of emotional exhaustion on the job also had higher odds of making major errors when they dealt with patients .
The same survey , based on responses from more than 7,900 physicians , for the current study , which appears in the Archives of Surgery .
While younger surgeons had rates of suicidal thinking that were similar to those in the general population , between 6 and 7 percent , those older than 45 were at increased risk .
Among those 55 to 64 years old , 7 percent of surgeons had considered suicide within the past year , compared to about 2 percent of the general population .
Doctors who felt burned out , or said they 'd made a “ major medical error ” in the past 3 months , were more prone to suicidal thoughts .
Married surgeons , and those working in large university-based medical centers , were at lower risk for suicidal thoughts .
The survey also showed that only a fourth of the troubled surgeons had sought professional help , with most saying they had n't out of fear of losing their medical license .
Instead , some chose to self-prescribe antidepressants or have friends do it for them .
“ We 've known for some time that physicians are at greater risk for suicide than other professions , although why that is never really been understood , ” Shanafelt told Reuters Health .
According to the National Institutes of Mental Health , there were about 11 suicide deaths per 100,000 Americans in 2007 .
SOURCE : bit.ly/f50r53 and bit.ly/gOMRz3 Archives of Surgery , January 17 , 2011 .
-- Posted Monday , 2 March 2009 | | Source : GoldSeek.com
-- Posted Monday , 2 March 2009 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Previous Articles
SCRANTON , Pennsylvania -- Campaigning alongside Hillary Clinton for the first time on Monday , Vice President Joe Biden offered a personal testament to the Democratic nominee 's character while warning voters in a crucial swing state against a Donald Trump presidency .
Joe Biden : Trump 's ideas are dangerous and un-American
`` If you live in a neighborhood like I grew up in , '' Biden said , speaking at a campaign rally in Scranton , Pennsylvania , their hometown , `` if you worry about your job , getting decent pay , if you worry about your children 's education , if you 're taking care of an elderly parent after losing the other one , then there 's only one person in this election who will possibly help you , and that is Hillary Clinton . ''
The rally , which was held at an indoor sports facility and drew a crowd of 3,000 , was rescheduled last month after the fatal shooting of a group of police officers in Dallas forced the Clinton campaign to suspend its campaign schedule . It was a homecoming for Biden , and also for Clinton , whose father , Hugh Rodham , was born in Scranton . Clinton spent their summers as a girl traveling back to Northeast Pennsylvania with their family . With letter signs that spelled out `` Welcome Home '' waving behind her , Clinton said there `` was only one answer '' when they and Biden were deciding where to make their first joint appearance .
`` While the Bidens were on North Washington Avenue , my family , the Rodhams , were a few blocks away on Diamond Avenue , '' Clinton explained . `` I was christened at the Methodist church on Court Street . ''
Clinton also made a campaign stop in Scranton back in April , ahead of the Pennsylvania primary . They worked the dinner tables at an Italian restaurant , Casa Bella , before holding a rally at nearby Dunmore High School .
`` I met people who said things to me like , I knew your cousins , I knew your uncles , '' they said . `` I had one man say 'did n't we sled down Court Street one winter ? ' ... It just brings back a flood of the best memories and the best people . ''
Clinton , Biden go after Trump 's anti-terror plan
Then and on Monday , their brothers , Hugh and Tony , joined them at their events .
Biden said that the people of Scranton -- whom they described as having `` grit , `` courage '' and `` determination '' -- deserve a president `` who 's made of the same stuff . '' At times quieting the audience and asking them not to clap or cheer , the vice president argued that Trump 's promises to middle class families are `` a bunch of malarkey . ''
`` She has always been there , that 's their life story , '' Biden said . `` Let 's state the obvious . That is not Donald Trump 's life story . ''
Biden went on to further question Trump 's preparedness to tackle the issue of America 's national security , and their willingness to learn . They invoked the memory of their son , Beau , who died last May .
`` My son , Beau , served for a year in Iraq , came back a highly decorated soldier , '' Biden said . `` I must tell you ... had Donald Trump been President , I would have thrown my body in front of him . No , I really mean it , to keep them from going , if the judgment was based on Trump 's decision . ''
In particular , Biden assailed Trump 's recent comment that President Barack Obama `` founded '' the Islamic State , or ISIS , as both an `` outrageous '' and `` dangerous '' statement . Trump also called Clinton the `` co-founder '' of ISIS .
`` If my son were still in Iraq , and I say to all those who are there , the threat to their life has gone up a couple clicks , '' Biden said . `` It 's gone up a couple clicks . ''
Biden also mocked Trump for positive comments he 's made about some of the world 's autocrats .
`` He would have loved Stalin . They would have loved Stalin , '' Biden said about Trump , who has praised Saddam Hussein for their prowess in killing terrorists and has also had kind words for Vladimir Putin . And Clinton , Biden added , has forgotten more about American foreign policy than Trump and their entire team will ever understand .
Biden 's response to Trump came shortly before Trump was scheduled to begin a policy speech on terrorism in Youngstown , Ohio . Clinton , in their remarks before Biden 's speech , said Trump has `` been all over the place on ISIS . ''
`` He talked about letting Syria become a free zone for ISIS , '' they said . `` He 's talked about sending ground troops -- American ground troops -- well , that is off the table , as far as I 'm concerned . ''
They hit Trump for `` sometimes '' holding back the details of their proposals `` because they want to keep their plan , quote , 'secret . ' ''
`` The secret is , they have no plan , '' they said .
Clinton will continue to campaign in Pennsylvania on Tuesday ; she 'll appear at a Pennsylvania Democratic Party voter registration event in West Philadelphia for supporters and volunteers . A recent poll by NBC News , the Wall Street Journal and the Marist College Institute for Public Opinion , found that registered voters in Pennsylvania favor Clinton 48 percent to 37 percent . Clinton was up 9 points before the Republican and Democratic conventions last month .
`` I know some of you may have friends ... who are thinking about voting for Trump , '' Clinton said , to scattered boos from the crowd . `` Friends should not let friends vote for Trump . ''
The Dalai Lama , now a Nobel peace laureate , fled Tibet in 1959 China says it had `` no choice but to postpone '' a summit with the EU because of the French stance on the Dalai Lama , the Tibetan spiritual leader . China 's foreign ministry said French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's plans to meet the Dalai Lama had `` deprived the summit of a good atmosphere '' . Mr Sarkozy has said they will meet the Dalai Lama in Poland on 6 December . France - holder of the EU 's rotating presidency - was to have hosted the EU-China summit on 1 December . In China we have a saying , 'Whoever causes the problem should solve the problem '
Qin Gang
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson `` To maintain good relations with France and the European Union , China has told France time and again to properly handle the Tibet issue , so as to create necessary conditions for the China-EU summit , '' Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Qin Gang said . `` Regrettably , the French side has not actively responded to [ these ] efforts , so that the summit can not be held in a good atmosphere , nor achieve its expected goals . '' Mr Qin added : `` In China we have a saying , 'Whoever causes the problem should solve the problem ' . It is not China that caused the present situation . '' Beijing has previously said Mr Sarkozy risks losing `` hard-won '' gains in ties with Beijing if they meet the Dalai Lama . On Wednesday , an EU statement said `` the European Union , which set ambitious aims for the 11th EU-China summit , takes note and regrets this decision by China [ to postpone it ] '' . It added that the EU planned to continue to `` promote the strategic partnership it has with China '' . Territorial dispute The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 , after Chinese troops had crushed an uprising by pro-independence Tibetans . Beijing says Tibet has been part of the Chinese nation since the 13th Century . Many Tibetans disagree , pointing out that the Himalayan region was an independent kingdom for many centuries , and that Chinese rule over Tibet has not been constant . Mr Sarkozy has said they plan to meet the Dalai Lama in the city of Gdansk on 6 December , where Poland will mark the 25th anniversary of the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to Lech Walesa , who led the anti-communist Solidarity union in the 1980s . A French diplomat has confirmed that Mr Sarkozy still intends to meet the Dalai Lama in Poland next week , the BBC 's Oana Lungescu reports from Brussels . During a trip to France this summer , the Dalai Lama met Mr Sarkozy 's wife Carla Bruni and the foreign minister Bernard Kouchner . Earlier this year the EU voiced serious concern about a crackdown by Chinese authorities on Tibetan protesters .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After Checking Blood Pressure , Kiosks Give Sales Leads To Insurers
After Checking Blood Pressure , Kiosks Give Sales Leads To Insurers Listen · 4:32 4:32
Enlarge this image toggle caption April Dembosky
Those machines in drugstores and supermarkets that let people check their blood pressure also may be selling people 's contact information to insurance companies trolling for new customers .
One of these kiosks sits in Aisle 10 of a Safeway in a city near San Francisco . Sitting down at the machine is like slipping into the cockpit of a 1980s arcade game . There are a big plastic seat and footrest for measuring weight and body mass index , a window for testing vision , and a blood pressure cuff . The kiosks do n't charge people for the blood pressure measurement .
`` Make sure the cuff comes up above your elbow , '' says an attractive brunette on-screen . They are wearing a white lab coat and they ask a lot of personal questions like , `` Do you have a blood relative who was told they have a heart problem ? '' And , `` During the past 30 days , how many days have you felt sad or depressed ? ''
The machines are owned by a company based near Atlanta called SoloHealth . It started installing the kiosks in Wal-Mart stores and other retail stores in 2008 to give people a way to keep better track of their health . Today there are more than 3,500 SoloHealth stations across the U.S. , and the company plans to install an additional 1,500 this year .
SoloHealth first made money by selling ads for pharmacy items displayed near the kiosks . But it has happened on a new business model : The data it collects are suddenly very valuable to health insurance companies .
`` As much as we 've moved to the market , the market has really moved to us , '' says Bart Foster , CEO of SoloHealth . `` We 're able to provide much more detailed information than the health plans even know what to do with today . ''
In this case , it means selling information about people who have used SoloHealth kiosks . For now , SoloHealth is selling names , email addresses and phone numbers to insurers who want to market health plans directly to consumers .
Now that most Americans are required to have health coverage by March 31 or pay a penalty , insurers are looking for new ways of finding potential customers , and competing with each other to get their attention .
Anthem Blue Cross is one of them . It brokered an exclusive agreement with SoloHealth to be the sole insurance company featured on kiosks throughout California .
`` We know that engaging consumers early and engaging them with our messaging helps improve the chances of them choosing Anthem as their health plan , '' says spokesperson Darrel Ng .
As a part of that strategy , SoloHealth added a new service to its machines in October offering help with understanding the Affordable Care Act .
`` If you would like to learn more about the upcoming changes to the health care system and how they affect you , '' a male voice now says to visitors at the kiosks , `` select the 'continue ' button at the bottom of the screen . ''
A drawing of a doctor with a stethoscope around their neck flashes and the voice-over says , `` We can have an experienced professional reach out to help you find the plan that meets your specific needs . ''
But what the friendly voice does n't make clear is that the `` experienced professional '' is not a doctor or SoloHealth representative , but an insurance rep. That is only explained after the customer enters their or their name and email .
Privacy advocates say this is misleading .
`` Consumers have every reason to be shocked this is happening , '' says Pam Dixon , executive director of the nonprofit World Privacy Forum , based in San Diego .
They say most consumers do n't understand that their information is being sold . While there is a two-page health privacy disclosure on the machines , it can only be viewed by clicking a blue button at the bottom of the screen . Whether customers read it or not , they agree to all the terms when they hit a separate green button . Dixon says that 's not good enough .
`` The fact that they 're not being told in a clear , conspicuous and prominent manner is problematic , '' they say .
SoloHealth says it is reviewing the customer experience of its kiosks .
After partnering with insurance companies , SoloHealth has made another recent change . Until a couple of weeks ago , the company 's comprehensive privacy policy — governing what the company can do with the data it collects — was n't on the machine . There was a Web address provided , but since there was no Internet connection at the kiosk , there was no way to read it .
At first , SoloHealth said it was too cumbersome to scroll through the information on the small kiosk screen . But then , in mid-December , the company added the full policy to its machines . SoloHealth said the change was made to improve transparency .
`` We work with retail partners , our attorneys and our corporate sponsors to make sure that we 're totally buttoned up , '' says Foster , SoloHealth 's CEO . `` We have a number of very large companies that have looked at this and are very comfortable with where we are . ''
But some consumers are uncomfortable with it . Stacey Winn has been using the kiosk at their local supermarket for the past six months to track their blood pressure . They do n't remember ever seeing a privacy policy , even when they visited late last month after it was added . What they noticed for the first time were ads for a health insurance plan . Now they feel uneasy about their blood pressure records , weight , age and ethnicity being stored in SoloHealth 's database .
`` I wonder now what they 're doing with that information when I had n't really wondered that before , '' they say . `` There 's a saying that if a service is offered for free then you 're actually the product that 's being sold , and I think that this is turning into an example of that . ''
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR and Kaiser Health News .
That , and a remarkable run of movies from the early and mid-1960s — “ The Magnificent Seven , ” “ The Victors , ” “ The Misfits ” and of course “ The Good , the Bad and the Ugly ” — were all before my time , pieces of family legend that I would discover , on video or late-night television or in repertory houses , as I pursued my informal education in film history . But they have never slowed down , and over 54 years has amassed a filmography of more than 90 feature films , as well as scores of television appearances .
It was on the small screen that I learned to recognize him , and shout , “ Hey , it 's Uncle Eli ! ” at the screen . ( Though I did the same thing the first time I saw “ Mystic River , ” in which their single-scene cameo as a loquacious liquor store owner is uncredited . ) My youthful Eli epiphany , after seeing them in a few plays that I did n't understand at all , came when I saw them as Mr . Freeze , scheming against Burt Ward and Adam West on the old “ Batman ” television series . ( I suppose it is my scholarly duty to note that Otto Preminger also played that role , and of course Arnold Schwarzenegger did too , but in my entirely dispassionate judgment they hardly measure up . )
Photo
Most of the villains Uncle Eli played were considerably more hot-blooded , like the bandit Calvera in “ The Magnificent Seven , ” shot dead in a scene that mortified their young son , Peter — “ Dad , how could you not outdraw Yul Brynner ? ” — and that , at least according to Wallach lore , displeased their father , Abe , when it drew cheers from the audience .
What stands out now is the energy of the performance , the spark of playful delight that leavens the savagery and sadism of the character .
I 'm aware that my critical eye is shaded by personal affection , but it seems to me that what shines through Eli 's performances , however angry , treacherous or ugly the character — and they will always be “ The Ugly ” to spaghetti western fans — is the same gruff charm that I find in their company . The Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences citation celebrates Eli as “ the quintessential chameleon , effortlessly inhabiting a wide range of characters , while putting their inimitable stamp on every role. ” This is true enough , but it is also boilerplate that could just as easily apply to , say , Karl Malden , their foil and co-star in “ Baby Doll , ” or any of a number of other Methodizers of their generation . With Eli , there is an impish , sly quality , not a self-conscious winking , exactly , but a palpable relish at the sheer fun of acting . They have at times pushed this to the edge of hamminess , and at least once gone over it into something altogether glorious .
Photo
That was in “ The Good , the Bad and the Ugly , ” where , as Clint Eastwood 's partner and patsy , they turned themselves into an exploded western archetype : a cartoon character , a soulful gunslinger , a holy fool and a character destined to be quoted for as long as people watch movies .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Like most people in their 90s , they tend to reminisce a lot , and to revisit certain themes and stories . If they drop a word or forgets a name or a title ( “ The picture I did in Cambodia , with Peter O'Toole ... ” ) someone will fill in the blank ( “ Lord Jim ” ) , either a visiting film critic or one of Eli 's children or , most often , Aunt Annie .
Wikipedia describes their marriage as “ one of the longest and most successful in Hollywood history. ” That may be faint praise , and “ Hollywood ” is not really Eli and Annie 's milieu . Their stars shone much brighter in New York , for one thing , where they have always lived and where , as a team , they starred in comedies like “ Luv ” and “ Twice Around the Park , ” both written by their friend Murray Schisgal . ( “ Luv , ” directed by Mike Nichols , won a handful of Tonys and was made into a film starring other people . )
Photo
“ I used to like to come into the room when Eli was being interviewed and say , ‘ I have very sad news , ' ” Annie says as we sit down to dinner . “ ‘ Our relationship is not going to work out . We 're finished . ' ”
It is hard to imagine the last time a journalist fell for this , which only improves the joke . “ You see that ? They love to tease me , ” Eli says .
“ I was at the premiere of ‘ The Holiday , ' a movie I did with Kate Winslet , ” they continue . “ Surrounded by all these beautiful young women . And after they left , Annie comes up and says to me , ‘ Honestly , I do n't know what they see in you . ' ”
Photo
They do , of course . More to the point , is that the Academy — which never gave Uncle Eli a nomination and which they never bothered to join — at last sees what so many of us have delighted in for so long .
Uncle Eli themselves is taking it in stride . One morning last month , shortly after our dinner , I went to visit them again . They greeted me with their usual complaint about The New York Times , which is that they ca n't find the obituaries , which migrate from one section to another on different days . They had also just received news that their close friend , the playwright Joseph Stein , had died , and they paused to consider other recent losses , including Patricia Neal , at whose memorial they spoke this year . But they moved on briskly , with tales of Clint Eastwood and Marilyn Monroe and plugs for their 2004 memoir , “ The Good , the Bad and Me. ” ( “ The subtitle is ‘ In My Anecdotage , ' ” they say . “ Bill Clinton asked me if they could use it , and I said : ‘ You sold two million copies of your book . How dare you try to steal my subtitle ? ' ” )
And there was more to show , as well , including a passage from one of Tennessee Williams 's letters offering tribute to their loyal friends Eli and Annie , who had bolstered them against the occasional unkindness of critics ( including those from The New York Times ) . “ Eli , ” Williams wrote , “ has discovered the secret of pissing people off . He 's happy . ”
It 's been awhile since I 've posted . ( Boy , I have no clue how many blog post I 've opened up with that line , but I 'm guessing tons . )
You know what though , I really do enjoy writing and would love to blog more . Until I get this whole blogging-thing down ( it 's been only , like , a decade since I started blogging ) bear with me . I still envision having a regular , well-written , observant blog for you someday . ( Okay , maybe excluding the well-written and observant part . )
Listen , I 've been on a bunch of highs and lows with my cartooning career this year so far in 2014 .
Good stuff ? Yeah , there has been a lot . And there 's a lot that is ( hopefully ) on the way . However , honestly , I 've had my disappointments . I 've had a few things that did n't pan out too well .
One of the lackluster approaches with cartooning was my online courses , Nate Ramblings , I started filming back in January . You know , I had an okay time with them , but not as much fun as I originally thought . And I did n't think they turned out well . I do n't know if I 'm not made for camera , but I found myself sounding like a guy trying to pitch a product rather than offering much that 's too insightful . I think for a GOOD art series , you need to have some good production . Me ? I did n't have the means or the budget for that , so it was just me , a camera and editing on my MacBook by yours truly .
Nate Ramblings received some really awesome feedback – and then some negative . Nobody really watched them all the way through ( I read the analytic s on YouTube . Yikes ! ) I did n't really feel like I acted like myself . I dunno . Maybe I need acting classes or an internship with Bob Ross ( er , wait – that ca n't happen ) .
You know what though – I 'm not heartbroken about it .
ONE area with the camera and I that I like is just a real quick view of me doing something on the drawing board . I 'll probably do more of those . That 's bound to hold an attention span better than my ten minute-plus long Nate Ramblings . We 'll see . It will either be that or cat videos .
Anyhow….back to this year so far .
One disappointing area has been my work with comedian , Tommy Blaze , and our series Knocking on Heaven 's Door . And no , I 'm not disappointed with Tommy . But , oh my , things may have taken a turn . I ca n't share it with you – yet ( in fear of jinxing the series….again ) . But , more on that to come . Let 's just say what started out as a disappointing year for the series eventually has turned , well , incredible ( if all goes well ) .
Above : Recently published book by Tommy Blaze and illustrated by me , Knocking on Heaven 's Door .
My work with clients has been cool . Love all the clients I 'm working with ( thanks for being fantastic , clients ) .
THAT being said though , now I 'm in the process of marketing my work elsewhere . MORE clients .
I recently signed up with Cartoonstock and GagCartoons.com .
Both sites are excellent and I 'm anxious to have my work featured on the sites . However , as a cartoonist , I like having the ball in my court when it comes to marketing . So , I feel it 's extremely necessary to have my own site that functions like the two I just noted . All of my own work . All about what I can do . Sweet ?
I had a site , NateFakes.org .
It was , well , not good .
All my comics were on it , but you could n't really search by category . And to purchase cartoons you had to contact me directly . No shopping cart or anything . It stunk . The functionality totally blew . So , I whacked a wrecking ball into it and took that sucker down . It was more of an embarrassment than anything . ( Do n't worry… .. Do n't worry . I still own the domain . )
My time has been eaten alive recently . So , another area I 'm not too thrilled about is not having enough of it ( time ) to work on things like my MAD Magazine articles . I could probably be in each issue if I had an extra six to ten hours a week . I 'm not sure if that sounds cocky or whiny ( or both ) but it 's true . MAD just takes awhile . I think I 'll get this one figured out soon .
Let 's see… . What else ?
My graphic novel , Don Giovanni , is still being created . Again , it 's hard to find the time recently . THAT is why I 'm hoping that with some new potential big projects of mine , I can supplement my income by dropping a few other things and really focusing in on it . ( No , I 'm not trying to drop client work but my “ other ” work that is n't quite as appealing . ) I 'm excited to get this done for my own sake . God knows how well it will sell , but I want to continue down the graphic novel path in my near future in a big way . Something quite fulfilling about imagining a collection of my own graphic novels . And who the hell does n't want an Mozart opera set in the medium of funny drawings ?
And my subscription service has been growing and growing . Several hundred subscribers are on board now for my daily email and blog . That 's right – I DO blog daily – but I consider them blurbs instead of blogs so I ca n't use that as a supplement for lack of content here . But , people are reading them and I do n't have many people UNSUBSCRIBE , so that rocks .
OH – and in other art news – painting .
Yes , I 've been starting to oil paint again . My previous blog post was about that . THAT is something else I love doing . I recently just got commissioned to do a painting ( yes , for money ) and am excited about taking several days to work on it .
Above : No , this is not the kind of art I have been doing recently . Although , it does look mighty tasty .
Well , for not having a blog post in awhile , I hope I 've filled your head with some solid content . At least for now .
I 'll write as time allows . I will get consistent though at some point . I think I 've been saying that for years and you probably do n't believe me , but honestly – I will . Writing is cool ( huh-huh ) .
Please leave your feedback , thoughts or pizza coupons in the comments below .
Until they moved to Centerville from eastern Ohio , Philip Meyers had never heard of a community college asking for a levy .
But in Ohio , it 's not all that unusual . According to the Ohio Department of Higher Education , six of the 23 community colleges in the state augment their tuition revenue with property tax levies .
Sinclair is one of them , and it is asking voters on Nov. 3 to support a 1-mill levy that the school says will allow it to ramp up its health and manufacturing programs . It is the only countywide levy in Montgomery County , and would cost the owner of a $ 100,000 home about $ 35 a year .
That 's in addition to the $ 98 those homeowners already pay for Sinclair 's 3.2-mill levy , which passed in 2008 .
Sinclair President Steven Johnson said the new money would be used to build a health center , which would house its nearly 40 health science programs and be equipped with the “ latest ” simulation labs and clinics . The center would be built on a parking lot between 4th and 5th streets , and attached to the Sifferlin Center .
“ In order to have enough trained healthcare workers , and people to work in manufacturing , we need to increase capacity and we need to do it faster , ” Johnson said .
The levy , which would raise about $ 8.5 million , would also help the school prepare students to address the “ skills gap ” that employers point to as a barrier to growing jobs in the region , said Johnson .
“ Sinclair has tremendous momentum going in workforce and job training programs like UAS , health science careers , advanced manufacturing , IT and first responders , ” they said .
But to people like Meyers , another levy request is too much to ask , particularly for those on fixed incomes .
“ And next year there is n't a Social Security increase , ” they said .
Meyers said if local businesses are “ begging for employees ” they should carry more of the burden for Sinclair 's job training programs .
“ I got grandkids in the area , and I 'm all for education , ” they said . “ But what if they want to go to another school ? ”
Final push
Supporters know any levy is a tough sell in a county that already has its share of levies . Montgomery County property owners , because of those levies , have the second highest property tax burden in Ohio .
With just nine days until Election Day , Citizens for Sinclair — the group pushing Issue 13 — is out in full force , from taking to the airwaves to handing out yard signs and announcing endorsements .
Johnson remains confident , but they say the outcome will depend on turnout .
To ensure they get that turnout , Citizens for Sinclair has spent slightly more than $ 450,000 during the most recent reporting period , and has about $ 263,000 on-hand .
More ads are planned for the campaign 's final days .
Johnson said a big selling point for the school is its value to local students .
Some voters have questioned why Sinclair is n't asking voters in Warren County — where the school opened a campus in 2007 — to pony up .
But , said Johnson , “ By law , we keep it here . And it 's spent on our ( Montgomery County ) students . ”
Sinclair officials point out that Montgomery County students pay $ 99 per credit hour , while students from other Ohio counties pay an additional $ 50 per credit hour .
Currently , Sinclair pulls in slightly more than $ 27 million each year from property taxes .
Strengthen finances
Sinclair officials say the community college does n't have debt and its financial outlook is solid .
“ We 've only bought and paid for things we could afford , ” Johnson said .
However , the school says it has faced its share of financial hurdles , including lower-than-expected levy funds as a result of falling property values .
In 2016 , the college is expected to receive $ 700,000 less from property taxes than it did in the most recent fiscal year . That 's one reason the college 's revenue is projected to fall by $ 3 million to $ 124.2 million from fiscal year 2015 to 2016 .
Meanwhile , its 2016 expenses are expected to drop by $ 4.2 million , to $ 121.4 million .
Aside from levy funding , the college will rely mostly on state appropriations and tuition to cover 2016 expenses . Those revenue sources also have dipped .
The new levy would run for eight years . In 2017 or 2018 , the college will move to renew its 2008 levy , and after that — if the new levy passes — the college would have a levy on the ballot every five years .
Sinclair says having two levies could keep the institution 's finances secure , in case one were to fail . That 's not an uncommon levy strategy . In fact , the Montgomery County Human Services levies have a similar setup .
“ One of things that we would like to do is not have all of our eggs in one basket , and have balanced levies and spread the risk , ” Johnson said last month .
Grant Neeley , associate professor and interim chair of political science at the University of Dayton , says Sinclair and other institutions that have two levies run the risk of confusing voters .
“ I think levies are confusing for most people anyway , ” Neeley said .
They added that it 's also possible the increase in levies could cause voter fatigue .
Local support
Earlier this month , more than a dozen local officials gathered in the Kettering Tower to announced their support for the Sinclair levy . The gathering included politicians on both sides of the aisle .
“ We do n't agree on much , but we need to educate our future leaders , ” said Sheriff Phil Plummer , the chairperson of the Montgomery County Republican Party .
The levy does n't have much organized opposition , aside from keepsinclairfair.org — a webpage that has raised less than a $ 1,000 .
The community college has had a great track record with passing levies . The school passed its first levy in 1966 , and has passed each renewal since .
Johnson says that 's because Sinclair has had a good relationship with the county during its 128-year existence . In addition , Johnson said those levy funds helped the school build technical programs that rival the best community colleges in the country .
They said if the levy fails Sinclair wo n't be able to expand its offerings and “ we will be facing ( job ) shortages in some key areas . ”
Local hospitals are among the levy 's biggest backers . Of the $ 247,220 raised by Citizens for Sinclair from July 1 through October 14 , $ 130,000 came from the Kettering Health Network and Premier Health Partners .
“ We have more employees of our hospitals , of our 33,000 employees at 28 hospitals , that come from Sinclair than any other educational institution , ” said Bryan Bucklew , president and CEO of the Greater Dayton Area Hospital Association .
Bucklew says their organization provides Sinclair with a vacancy report , so the community college knows what areas are in the highest demand .
“ This ranges from IT to medical technicians , surgeon technicians , phlebotomist , ” they said . “ Those certificate and associates degree programs at Sinclair provide for great quality training and great quality employees . ”
In this follow-up to Conor Murphy 's 2012 article Stereotype-defying Gaming Statistics , we 'll look at the global gaming landscape and highlight some of the shifting trends that will affect how 2014 shapes up in terms of games . While recent 2014 statistics are no doubt intriguing , examining these statistics against the past , present , and future of gaming helps frame these numbers in an entirely new way . Check out some of the top 2014 gaming trends and then take a look at the State of Gaming to gain an even bigger picture of the gaming industry – from development to top game sales – to compare where the industry has gone and where it 's heading .
The Top 10 Gaming Trends
1 . Women are playing more and more games , and so is the older generation
It 's a relatively small increase but women now account for 47 % of U.S. gamers , up from 42 % in 2012 . In short , the gaming population is becoming more and more diverse , and developers have taken notice . Older gamers are also fanatical ( 29 % of gamers are over the age of 50 ) , though one interesting trend is the creation of game communities specific to older gamers .
2 . Gaming families and friend networks are the norm
Out with the lonely , solo gamer stereotypes ! Gamers have grown up to have gamer kids and families are gaming together , though there is still room for growth : over one-third of parents play games with their kids regularly ( at least once a week ) and over one half play at least once a month . 16 % of kids play with parents , 40 % play with friends , 17 % play with their spouse or significant other and 34 % play with other family members .
However , 89 % of parents are more involved than ever in their kids ' purchases and play . The Entertainment Software Association notes : ‘ In barely more than a generation , video games transformed from a diversion for the few into a mass medium , helping people live , learn , work , and of course , play . '
3 . Revenue from games and game content is up and on par with the movie industry
It 's been a few years now that game sales ( $ 24 billion ) have outpaced movie box office sales ( just $ 10 billion per year ) , but now games are a serious competitor to the entire tv/film industry with game play now eating into even mainstays like television viewing .
4 . Games are going more and more mobile
In the U.S. mobile penetration is 101 % , meaning there is at least one phone for every American , partly due to the fact that many mobile phones are now more powerful than even the PCs we used in the 1980s and 1990s . A total of 48 million people play games on smart phones and tablets .
5 . Casual , casino , mobile and social games are becoming as popular as other PC and console games
46 % of teens play games on mobile devices , and 71 % use dedicated gaming devices . It is anticipated that future growth in mobile games will involve more multiplayer gaming options . Forbes Magazine notes that ‘ The future of gaming is n't proprietary hardware , it 's in user-choice and cross-platform playability ' .
6 . Free to play business models have redefined the marketplace
Many games are free to play or try , which has been a big shift away from games that were only available for purchase or by subscription . This makes a variety of games available so players are now trying more and more games rather than sticking to one or two .
7 . Video game violence is more of a problem for the media than for gamers or their families
A lack of causal data linking games and violence is having an effect on public perception . And with 91 % of games developed geared towards teens and kids , there are many options available outside of mature games .
8 . Variety is the spice of life
Big Fish distributed 250 new games in 2013 and continues to expand their offering with novel titles like FarmUp , WhoAmI , The Agency of Anomolies : Mind Invasion , and Rebuild the European Union . With over fourteen different genres to choose from , and readily accessible games , Big Fish is at the forefront of expanding gaming to new audiences .
9 . Asia is still the hotbed for gaming
China saw a 34 % increase in games revenue in 2012 , and online gaming made up a whopping 94 % of the pie . One interesting difference is that the landscape is dominated by social games that involve both cooperation and stealing items or resources from friends . In Japan there is still quite a lot of arcade play of titles like Pachinko and mobile is extremely popular due to long commutes by train .
10 . The only thing that is ever guaranteed is more change
In our global population of over 7 billion , only about two and a half billion people use the Internet . However there are over 6.5 billion mobile subscribers world-wide . South Asia , Central America , the Middle East and Africa are the most under-represented regions in terms of online access ( largely due to a lack of broadband infrastructure ) , but that is changing quickly .
The Data
Gaming industry statistics for 2014 give us some interesting insights to gamer habits and demographics around the globe . The average age of a gamer / game buyer falls in the 30-35 age range within the U.S. and over three-fourths of all gamers play for more than one hour each week . Examining the stats of today against the State of Gaming of the not-so-distant past , it 's easy to see how the generation of gamers that cut their teeth on Mega Man 2 have graduated to making gaming a part of their daily lives . These facts truly speak to the passion gamers have had ever since gaming burst onto the scene just a few decades ago .
U.S .
U.S .
58 % of Americans play video games
Average age of players : 30
62 % of all gamers are adults
68 % are above 18 and older
45 % are female ( up from 42 % in 2012 ) and are usually over 18
Average of 2 gamers per household
51 % of households own at least one console
Average age of purchaser : 35
77 % of gamers play at least one hour a week
36 % play games on their smart phone
Parents are involved in their kids ' game purchases 89 % of the time
79 percent of parents place time limits on video game playing , compared with 78 percent who limit Internet usage and 72 percent who limit TV viewing
UK :
The average UK gamer is 35
Most are male
Plays for almost 3 hours a day
The average gamer fights with their partner over their gaming hobby twice a week , with some 15 % of people saying they 've broken up over the amount of time spent gaming .
The UK is just behind the U.S. in terms of iPad game purchases .
Other Countries
The world-wide video game industry grew 9 % in 2013 and now exceeds $ 76 billion with projections it will reach over $ 86 billion by 2016 .
The European market for games is almost $ 20 billion .
Japan and China lead the pack when it comes to iPhone/iPad games . Russia is also a major user , ranking # 6 in the world .
The games industry in India grew 16 % in 2012 , to $ 227 million .
91 % of all people on earth have a mobile phone
56 % of people own a smart phone
50 % of mobile phone users use mobile as their primary Internet source
80 % of time on mobile is spent inside apps or games
Other Stats
Consumers spent 20.77 billion dollars on video games , hardware and accessories in 2012 . In 2014 , this number is predicted to be $ 24 billion .
40 % of game sales included digital content , subscriptions , apps and mobile games
120,000 people are employed in the video game industry across 34 states
43 % of tablet owners spend more time with their tablets than their TVs or PCs , and 84 % of tablet owners spend most of their time playing games on it .
Sources :
​Carlo Ancelotti has hit back at the way they were dismissed as manager of Bayern Munich , claiming they did n't have their support when the going got tough .
The Italian guided the Bavarians to a routine league title last year , but still found themselves somewhat under pressure to deliver at the start of the season , particularly in the Champions League .
Bayern were thumped 3-0 by Paris Saint-Germain on match day one back in October , and Ancelotti paid the ultimate price the day after , but now they have spoken out against the club and the way the board handled them during the period of struggle .
They told Italian TV show Domenica Sportiva , as quoted by ​Goal : `` I have a way of working that I do not change . It was demanded of me to do that , and I simply did not accept it . Whatever decision you make , if the club does not protect you , you 're dead .
`` If you sort out a player , they then goes to the club and is strengthened by them , then you lose face with them in front of the other players . You will not recover from that . According to the media , I was fired at Bayern because I had five big players against me . ''
Although the former Chelsea boss takes slight issue to the way officials tried to get them to change their style , they are still pleased to see the club back on the straight and narrow and top of the league under Jupp Heynckes ' management .
The premium virtual reality headset made by LG Electronics will be called the LG UltraGear , as suggested by a recent trademark application filed by the company with the European Union Intellectual Property Office . The document that can be accessed by referring to the banner below states that the term is specifically related to VR hardware , head-mounted displays , and computer peripherals , as well as various audio technologies that were previously said to be part of the device that LG is still tentatively calling the LG VR HMD . The headset itself was introduced at Game Developer Conference ( GDC ) this March , with the South Korean original equipment manufacturer saying that it 's planning to commercialize it at some point in 2018 .
LG filed its application on Tuesday and the European agency is still in the process of examining it , with the name itself being unlikely to be approved before early next year . The upcoming headset is powered by SteamVR , Valve 's virtual reality platform which the American tech giant co-developed with HTC . LG 's device is largely similar to the HTC Vive , being designed to offer a room-scale VR experience with a tethered connection to one 's computer . The headset also requires a relatively capable PC and its prototype was equipped with two 3.64-inch 1440 x 1280 OLED panels , one for each eye . Both displays of the product that 's likely to be marketed as the LG UltraGear have a refresh rate of 90GHz , the Seoul-based company previously confirmed .
LG may officially announce the UltraGear at the next iteration of the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) which is taking place in Las Vegas , Nevada from January 9th to 12th and is its first opportunity to debut the final product , possibly alongside some availability and pricing details . Alternatively , the company could introduce the headset at Mobile World Congress ( MWC ) 2018 starting on February 28th in Barcelona , Spain , or even wait for the upcoming GDC in the second half of March . With high-end tethered VR hardware currently being priced at approximately $ 600 , the LG UltraGear is likely to sport a price tag in the same range , though it remains to be seen which markets the Korean tech giant ends up targeting with its upcoming offering .
You live in one of the sunniest countries in the world . You might want to use that solar advantage and harvest all this free energy . Knowing that solar panels are rapidly becoming cheaper and have become feasible even in less sunny places like the UK , this should be a no-brainer .
Despite this , the Australian government has taken a step backwards at a time when we should be thinking 30 years ahead .
Further reading : Will the national energy guarantee hit pause on renewables ?
Can we do it differently ? Yes , we can ! My ongoing research on sustainable urbanism makes it clear that if we use the available renewable resources in the Sydney region we do not need any fossil resource any more . We can become zero-carbon . ( With Louisa King and Andy Van den Dobbelsteen , I have prepared a forthcoming paper , Towards Zero-Carbon Metropolitan Regions : The Example of Sydney , in the journal SASBE . )
Enough solar power for every household
Abundant solar energy is available in the Sydney metropolitan area . If 25 % of the houses each installed 35 square metres of solar panels , this could deliver all the energy for the city 's households .
We conservatively estimate a total yield of 195kWh/m2 of PV panel placed on roofs or other horizontal surfaces . The potential area of all Sydney council precincts suited for PV is estimated at around 385km2 – a quarter of the entire roof surface .
We calculate the potential total solar yield at 75.1TWh , which is more than current domestic household energy use ( 65.3TWh , according to the Jemena energy company ) .
Further reading : What 's the net cost of using renewables to hit Australia 's climate target ?
Wind turbines to drive a whole city
If we install small wind turbines on land and larger turbines offshore we can harvest enough energy to fuel our electric vehicle fleet . Onshore wind turbines of 1-5MW generating capacity can be positioned to capture the prevailing southwest and northeast winds .
The turbines are placed on top of ridges , making use of the funnel effect to increase their output . We estimate around 840km of ridge lines in the Sydney metropolitan area can be used for wind turbines , enabling a total of 1,400 turbines . The total potential generation from onshore wind turbines is 6.13TWh .
Offshore turbines could in principle be placed everywhere , as the wind strength is enough to create an efficient yield . The turbines are larger than the ones on shore , capturing 5-7.5MW each , and can be placed up to 30km offshore . With these boundary conditions , an offshore wind park 45km long and 6km wide is possible . The total offshore potential then is 5.18TWh .
Altogether , then , we estimate the Sydney wind energy potential at 11.3TWh .
Drawing by Hamish McKenzie , Author provided
Further reading : FactCheck Q & A : is coal still cheaper than renewables as an energy source ?
Turning waste into biofuels
We can turn our household waste and green waste from forests , parks and public green spaces into biogas . We can then use the existing gas network to provide heating and cooling for the majority of offices .
Biomass from domestic and green waste will be processed through anaerobic fermentation in old power plants to generate biogas . Gas reserves are created , stored and delivered through the existing power plants and gas grid .
Further reading : Biogas : smells like a solution to our energy and waste problems
Alga has enormous potential for generating bio-energy . Algae can purify wastewater and at the same be harvested and processed to generate biofuels ( biodiesel and biokerosene ) .
Specific locations to grow algae are Botany Bay and Badgerys Creek . It 's noteworthy that both are close to airports , as algae could be important in providing a sustainable fuel resource for planes .
Using algae arrays to treat the waste water of new precincts , roughly a million new households as currently planned in Western Sydney , enables the production of great quantities of biofuel . Experimental test fields show yields can be high . A minimum of 20,000 litres of biodiesel per hectare of algae ponds is possible if organic wastewater is added . This quantity is realisable in Botany Bay and in western Sydney .
Drawing by Michael Zappia , Author provided
Further reading : Biofuel breakthroughs bring ‘ negative emissions ' a step closer
Extracting heat from beneath the city
Shallow geothermal heat can be tapped through heat pumps and establishing closed loops in the soil . This can occur in large expanses of urban developments within the metropolitan area , which rests predominantly on deposits of Wianamatta shale in the west underlying Parramatta , Liverpool and Penrith .
Where large water surfaces are available , such as in Botany Bay or the Prospect Reservoir , heat can also be harvested from the water body .
The layers of the underlying Hawkesbury sandstone , the bedrock for much of the region , can yield deep geothermal heat . This is done by pumping water into these layers and harvesting the steam as heat , hot water or converted electricity .
Drawing by Louisa King , Author provided
Further reading : Explainer : what is geothermal energy ?
Hydropower from multiple sources
The potential sources of energy from hydro generation are diverse . Tidal energy can be harvested at the entrances of Sydney Harbour Bay and Botany Bay , where tidal differences are expected to be highest .
Port Jackson , the Sydney Harbour bay and all of its estuaries have a total area of 55km2 . With a tidal difference of two metres , the total maximum energy potential of a tidal plant would be 446TWh . If Sydney could harvest 20 % of this , that would be more than twice the yield of solar panels on residential roofs .
If we use the tide to generate electricity , we can also create a surge barrier connecting Middle and South Head . Given the climatic changes occurring and still ahead of us , we need to plan how to protect the city from the threats of future cyclones , storm surges and flooding .
I have written here about the potential benefits of artificially creating a Sydney Barrier Reef . The reef , 30km at most out at sea , would provide Sydney with protection from storms .
At openings along the reef , wave power generators can be placed . Like tidal power , wave power can be calculated : mass displacement times gravity . If around 10km of the Sydney shoreline had wave power vessels , the maximum energy potential would be 3.2TWh .
In the mouths of the estuaries of Sydney Harbour and Botany Bay , freshwater meets saltwater . These places have a large potential to generate “ blue energy ” through reverse osmosis membrane technology .
To combine protective structures with tidal generating power , an open closure barrier is proposed for the mouth of Sydney Harbour . The large central gates need to be able to accommodate the entrance of large cruise ships and to close in times of a storm surge . At the same time , a tidal plant system operates at the sides of the barrier .
Drawing : Andy van den Dobbelsteen , Author provided
Further reading : Catching the waves : it 's time for Australia to embrace ocean renewable energy
Master plan for a zero-carbon city
All these potential energy sources are integrated into our Master Plan for a Zero-Carbon Sydney . Each has led to design propositions that together can create a zero-carbon city .
Drawing by Louisa King , Author provided
The research shows there is enough , more than enough , potential reliable renewable energy to supply every household and industry in the region . What is needed is an awareness that Australia could be a global frontrunner in innovative energy policy , instead of a laggard .
Met officer who reported that monkey toy had been placed on desk of black colleague was accused of making it up , BBC says
A police officer was allegedly threatened with the sack after complaining about the racist treatment of a black colleague , according to reports .
BBC Radio 4 's Today programme said the Metropolitan police officer , who has not been named , spoke out after seeing a monkey soft toy in a police uniform placed on the colleague 's desk in their central London office .
An ID badge on the toy said “ ERO ” ( evidential review officer ) , which was the same job title as the black officer .
The Asian officer raised their concerns with senior officers in 2013 but was accused of concocting the story . The BBC said the officer was subject to an investigation and told they could be sacked .
It took two years for the officer to be vindicated , after a Scotland Yard misconduct hearing found the whistleblower had not breached the standards of professional behaviour .
They took the case to an employment tribunal , alleging they had been racially discriminated against and victimised . The BBC reported that the officer received a settlement of £35,000 before the case was heard in full .
Richard Martin , the deputy assistant commissioner in charge of professionalism at the Met , said : “ Over the last two years the Met has made significant investment in improving how we handle complaints made by our own staff linked to discrimination , bullying or harassment . We are committed to a system which everyone can be confident in and a genuine belief that it has fairness .
“ We have long recognised that people do have concern that they fear being victimised if they raise a complaint , regardless of whether that fear is justified . That has never been acceptable and we continue to make it very clear to our staff that victimisation will never be tolerated , that it will be investigated , and will have serious repercussions if it occurs .
“ For the last 18 months the officer in charge of the Met 's anti-corruption command personally oversaw the implementation of and now manages the new whistleblowing policy . This helps to give staff , who are graded as reporters of wrongdoing , confidence they can raise the most serious of issues and will receive support and protection .
“ At the start of this year a new unit was formed within the Directorate of Professional Standards , which has oversight of all complaints – be those internal or external – that include an allegation of discrimination . This is to ensure that there is independent scrutiny of how these allegations are investigated and to embed fairness within the process . ”
Lisa Spoonauer , a Rahway native known for playing Caitlin Bree in Kevin Smith 's iconic 1994 New Jersey movie `` Clerks , '' has died .
Spoonauer , who ended their acting career not long after starring in the black-and-white film that gave Smith their start in Hollywood , was 44 when they died on Saturday . Them family did not announce the cause of death .
The former actor , who became a restaurant manager and event planner , grew up in Freehold and lived in Jackson at the time of their death , according to them obituary .
Smith , 46 , posted a long remembrance of Spoonauer on Instagram Tuesday afternoon , recalling how they first met them in 1992 when visiting an acting class at Brookdale Community College .
`` Lisa was easily the most natural and authentic voice in the room , '' Smith wrote , below several photos of Spoonauer with the `` Clerks '' cast . `` She did n't sound like they were acting at all ; they delivered scripted dialogue as if they were inventing their conversation in the moment , like people do in real life . ''
Smith offered them a role in their movie set around a local convenience store and video rental shop , the same one that would launch their Jersey-set `` View Askewniverse '' films into motion . Them classic reply to their offer : `` Not if it 's porn . '' Later realizing it was n't porn -- `` Well it 's not porn , but everybody talks like it is , '' they told Smith , after reading the script -- Spoonauer joined the production .
Smith , who wrote and directed the film , called their `` one of the chief architects '' of the movie .
`` You changed my life , Lisa , '' they wrote .
The `` Clerks '' maestro , who grew up in Highlands , also mentioned how Spoonauer fell for Jeff Anderson , who plays Randal Graves , one of the lead characters in the movie . They married in 1998 -- on Twitter , a friend who called their `` Spoony '' remembered Spoonauer with a photo of their wedding -- and divorced in 1999 .
Spoonauer is survived by their husband , Tom Caron , their daughter , Mia , and their stepson , Tyler .
In the movie , Spoonauer 's Caitlin gets back together with their high school boyfriend , `` Clerks '' lead Dante Hicks , played by Brian O'Halloran .
`` She always had a wicked sense of humor and smile , '' O'Halloran , 47 , wrote on Instagram , saying they were `` truly gutted '' by news of their death . `` I was blessed to have been part of an incredible life changing adventure with them To this day it is a part of my life . Not a day goes by that they ( was n't ) mentioned or remembered in some fashion . They will live on in my heart and in the hearts of millions . Always in my heart . Rest in Peace Lisa . ''
Another `` Clerks '' co-star , Marilyn Ghigliotti , who played Veronica in the film , also posted a remembrance on Instagram along with a vintage photo with Spoonauer and O'Halloran .
`` Words can not even begin to express how heartbroken I am to hear that Lisa Spoonauer passed away on Saturday , '' they said . `` My sincerest and deepest condolences to their husband Tom , their dearest daughter Mia and the rest of the family . I was blessed to have gotten to share an experience with them and the rest of the Clerks family that can not be measured and will always be remembered . Prayers to you always . You will be forever in our hearts Lisa . ''
Spoonauer 's twin brothers , Michael and Mark Spoonauer , set up a page on JustGiving.com where they explain that if Lisa 's condition had improved , `` she was going to devote the rest of their life to fighting for those with chronic illness who did n't have the strength or the resources to get the right answers and ultimately obtain the correct course of treatment for themselves . ''
They are collecting donations in Lisa 's name for the Patient Advocate Foundation , a nonprofit that provides case management services and financial assistance to patients .
Words can not even begin to express how heartbroken I am to hear that Lisa Spoonauer passed away on Saturday . My sincerest and deepest condolences to their husband Tom , their dearest daughter Mia and the rest of the family . I was blessed to have gotten to share an experience with them and the rest of the Clerks family that can not be measured and will always be remembered . Prayers to you always . You will be forever in our hearts Lisa . # RIPLisaSpoonauer < 3 A post shared by Marilyn Ghigliotti ( Clerks ) ( @ marilynghigliotti ) on May 23 , 2017 at 2:26pm PDT
@ ThatKevinSmith I was lucky to attend their & Jeff 's wedding , they were an angel that day , as well as everyday before & after . Love you Spoony . # LisaSpoonauer pic.twitter.com/oveUgJQoEF -- Ariel Stanfield ( @ arielstanfield ) May 23 , 2017
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ AmyKup or on Facebook .
Trump not 'very restrained ' against NYT in tweets Sunday
CLOSE Minorities are expressing fear and reporting racial and religious discrimination after Donald Trump 's victory . USA TODAY NETWORK
President-elect Donald Trump said they will be `` very restrained '' on Twitter in an interview to be aired Sunday night on 60 Minutes .
But Trump has n't lost all their Twitter fire . Not one to forgive a grudge easily , Sunday morning they devoted several tweets to tweaking the New York Times calling it `` dishonest '' and suggesting it had circulation losses related to its critical coverage of their campaign .
Wow , the @ nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the `` Trump phenomena '' — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 13 , 2016
The @ nytimes states today that DJT believes `` more countries should acquire nuclear weapons . '' How dishonest are they . I never said this ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 13 , 2016
The fact checking started almost immediately . The Times said it has actually added four times its normal number of new digital and print subscriptions , even after cancellations , POLITICO reported .
Trump also tweeted nice notes about top Republicans who did not support them reaching out to congratulate them on their upset presidential victory .
Republican presidential candidate and former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush , left , shakes hands with their brother former President George W. Bush during a campaign stop Monday , Feb. 15 , 2016 , in North Charleston , S.C. ( Photo11 : Matt Rourke , AP )
Trump tweeted that they received congratulatory phone calls from former Presidents George H.W . Bush and George W. Bush and former presidential candidate and Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney that were `` very nice ! '' The people of Ohio were `` incredible , '' and their governor , former primary rival John Kasich , called too , Trump tweeted .
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT , GREAT , GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win . The people of Ohio were incredible ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 13 , 2016
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2fPoXMw
We often talk about ways to escape the bombardment of push notifications , text messages and other digital distractions in our lives . But very few people in the United States -- perhaps less than 10 percent of the country 's adult population -- live life without a mobile phone . Fewer probably know what it 's like living off the grid .
The residents of Green Bank , West Virginia , are some of them .
The short documentary above , released Thursday on Seeker Network 's YouTube channel , offers a glimpse at life in the 143-person town , where cell phone reception do n't exist , WiFi is banned and other electromagnetic devices such as microwaves are restricted .
The small town lies at the heart of the National Radio Quiet Zone , an area of 13,000 square miles that straddles the Virginia-West Virginia border and includes a tiny part of Maryland . The Quiet Zone was established in 1958 to minimize harmful interferences to Green Bank 's National Radio Astronomy Observatory ( NRAO ) , which operates the world 's largest fully steerable telescope .
It was recently announced that the telescope would be rented out to the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence center at the University of California at Berkeley to aid in the search for life beyond Earth .
In one of the first scenes of the documentary , journalist Laura Ling visits the telescope and asks the principal scientist , Jay Lockman , whether residents of Green Bank ever feel as if they 're living in a little bubble . Here 's what they said :
In a sense I feel like I live in a little wonderland . Because we have this great science going on here . And I suppose that there are people that ca n't imagine doing without cellular service , but for most of human history , you know , we managed quite well . Think of it as living in 1980 . Jay Lockman , Principal scientist at NRAO
Scientists and researchers are not the only inhabitants of Green Bank . Over the years , the small town has become an oasis for people who say they suffer from electromagnetic hypersensitivity , a condition unrecognized by the scientific community in which exposure to electromagnetic fields is thought to trigger symptoms such as headache , fatigue , stress , sleep disturbances , rashes and muscle pain .
`` When I was using the phone , after a couple minutes , I was starting getting numb on the side of my face . So I would turn it off , but then the last time I used it , my face went numb for two weeks , '' Melissa Chalmers , who recently moved to Green Bank , says in the documentary . `` [ When I arrived in the Quiet Zone , ] I felt great . At one point my whole body just relaxed . ''
Taking a tour of Green Bank , nestled against the backdrop of the Allegheny Mountains , is like parachuting into another era , one with coin-operated pay phones and some houses that completely lack electricity .
Yet the end of the documentary points to the fragile nature of living in the Quiet Zone : Although residents are not allowed to use wireless technology as part of their rental agreement , an NRAO technician responsible for patrolling the area reveals that there are actually 40 or 50 WiFi modems operating in the area .
`` I think eventually the Zone will be threatened . People are going to want to use the technology because they want to use it , '' Chalmers tells Ling . `` I do n't know what I 'll do . ''
It 's almost becoming an expectation that in the last week of Florida 's annual Legislative Session , some crazy things will happen . In 2013 , House Democrats slowed down the legislative process by insisting that bills be read in full on the House floor . That demand brought `` Mary the Auto-Reader '' out of storage and into the spotlight .
This year might be the year of the Zombie Apocalypse Amendment .
On Tuesday afternoon , State Sen. Dwight Bullard ( D ) filed an amendment to Senate Bill 296 that would change the title of the amendment to `` An act relating to the zombie apocalypse . '' Bullard , who represents the 39th district in South Florida , also filed a separate amendment to modify other language within the bill .
So is SB 296 really a zombie apocalypse bill ? The bill , originally filed last fall by State Sen. Jeff Brandes ( R ) , is described as `` An act related to carrying a concealed weapon or firearm '' during a mandatory evacuation while under a declared state of emergency . The bill would eliminate criminal prosecution for anybody carrying concealed firearms under those conditions , essentially bypassing any licensing requirement of the person carrying the concealed firearm .
Other than Bullard 's amendment , there is no mention of zombies within the bill .
In popular culture , a `` zombie apocalypse '' is the culmination of the breakdown of society after a zombie outbreak . Zombies are `` undead '' corpses , who feed on human flesh , as well as brains .
There are several possible things that could happen with Bullard 's amendment . It could be passed , it could be rejected , or Bullard has the option of withdrawing their amendment before it is even considered by the Senate .
If Bullard withdraws their amendment , you might say that it 's `` undead upon arrival . ''
Only Juventus for Buffon
By Football Italia staff
Gigi Buffon says that they never thought about leaving Juventus after opting to sign a new contract with the Italian champions .
The 34-year-old could have left the club on a Bosman in the summer , but he 's put pen to paper on a new agreement until 2015 .
“ I never considered any other club , ” the custodian noted at a Press conference [ watch it here ] this afternoon . “ I 've been here for many years and the Juventus shirt is a lifestyle . It 's hard to imagine me in another one . ”
Buffon has agreed to accept a cut in salary – thought to be around €2m a season – while they confirmed that they even offered to sign a shorter deal than they did .
“ I proposed 12 months , ” they declared . “ As a player with my career behind him , the present and the future that is ahead , it is right that you play only for as long as you can at your levels .
“ I thought that was right , but Juventus are not a club who improvise . They plan . ”
Although the Italian international has only signed on for another two years , they admit that they have their eyes on appearing at Euro 2016 .
“ There is a World Cup in a year and a half and then a European Championship three and a half years later . I want to reach that stage in the shape I am today . We 'll see what happens in 2015 . ”
Buffon joined the Old Lady in 2001 from Parma at a cost of £33m . He 's now captain of their club and their country .
“ As soon as I arrived at this club I asked myself whether I was good enough . I never thought that I would be the captain of a prestigious team like Juventus .
“ Alex Del Piero left me the armband and this was very significant in my consecration as a man of the changing room . ”
After a season in Serie B with Juve post-Calciopoli , Buffon was asked about the opportunity to join Barcelona in 2001 .
“ I do ask myself that question now and again , but Barcelona started winning in 2006 . Five years without winning anything is a long time . Seeing how my career has developed , I have no regrets . ”
Buffon was also quizzed about their possible heir and they believe that Italian football will be in safe hands when they do eventually quit .
“ There is a good generation of goalkeepers coming through . I 've had the fortune of training with Nicola Leali , they have the potential to write goalkeeping history .
“ Then , in Serie A , there is Mattia Perin of Pescara who is doing some really exceptional things . The goalkeeping movement has been regenerated . ”
Kucinich to bring single article of impeachment for misleading US into war Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday July 8 , 2008
Print This Email This Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D-OH ) is sticking to their drive to impeach President Bush . Few in the House of Representatives have any intention of doing anything with the last 35 articles of impeachment Kucinich set before them last month , so the former presidential candidate appears to be lightening the load . Kucinich sent a letter to colleagues Tuesday asking them to support a single article of impeachment , to be introduced Thursday , which accuses President Bush of leading the country to war based on lies . `` There can be no greater offense of a Commander in Chief than to misrepresent a cause of war and to send our brave men and women into harm 's way based on those misrepresentations , '' Kucinich wrote in the `` Dear Colleague '' letter . `` There has been a breach of faith between the Commander in Chief and the troops . Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 or with Al Qaeda 's role in 9/11 . Iraq had neither the intention nor the capability of attacking the United States , '' they continued . `` Iraq did not have weapons of Mass of Destruction . Yet George W. Bush took our troops to war under all of these false assumptions . Given the profound and irreversible consequences to our troops , if their decision was the result of a mistake , they must be impeached . Since their decision was based on lies , impeachment as a remedy falls short , but represents at least some effort on our part to demonstrate our concern about the sacrifices our troops have made . '' Last month , Kucinich presented 35 articles of impeachment . Those have since been referred to the Judiciary Committee , where they are expected to die . Kucinich threatened to double the number of impeachment articles if the Judiciary Committee did not act . In a video message , Kucinich thanked supporters for responding to their Independence Day call for Bush 's impeachment . In the video , Kucinich said their threat for more articles was still operative and promised an update later this week . Kucinich 's full letter to their colleagues is reprinted below : Dear Colleague ,
During the Fourth of July holiday a WWII veteran stood ram-rod straight in their crisp dress uniform and saluted our flag as it passed in a parade . Their silent reverential stance was a powerful reminder of the love of country that is reflected in our veterans of all generations and all services .
It is also a powerful reminder of the responsibilities of the President of the Untied States in their capacity as Commander in Chief .
It is worse than heartbreaking that George W. Bush , as Commander in Chief , caused this country to go to war based on information which was false , and which they knew to be false . The consequences for our troops have been devastating . We have lost 4,116 of our beloved servicemen and women since the war began , with over 30,000 physically wounded and countless others emotionally wounded . The toll on the service persons and their families will be felt throughout their lives .
There can be no greater responsibility of a Commander in Chief than to command based on facts on the ground , and to command in fact and in truth . There can be no greater offense of a Commander in Chief than to misrepresent a cause of war and to send our brave men and women into harm 's way based on those misrepresentations .
There has been a breach of faith between the Commander in Chief and the troops . Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 or with Al Qaeda 's role in 9/11 . Iraq had neither the intention nor the capability of attacking the United States . Iraq did not have weapons of Mass of Destruction . Yet George W. Bush took our troops to war under all of these false assumptions . Given the profound and irreversible consequences to our troops , if their decision was the result of a mistake , they must be impeached . Since their decision was based on lies , impeachment as a remedy falls short , but represents at least some effort on our part to demonstrate our concern about the sacrifices our troops have made .
This Thursday evening I will bring a privileged resolution to the House with a single Article of Impeachment of President Bush for taking our nation and our troops to war based on lies . We owe it to our troops who even at this hour stand as sentinels of America because they love this country and will give their lives for it . What are we willing to do to match their valor and the valor of their successors ? Are we at least willing to defend the Constitution from the comfort and security of our Washington , DC offices ?
Sincerely ,
Dennis J. Kucinich
Member of Congress
This visualization looks at the monetary contributions made by the top 20 Political Action Committees ( PAC ) for the 2012 congressional election cycle , both for the House of Representatives and the Senate.The goal was to depict how intertwined special interests groups and our political representatives are .
Each inner circle represents a member of congress , blue is democrat , red is republican , and gold is independent . The larger the circle , the more funds that member has received . Each arc along the circumference is one of the top 20 PACs . Each section of the arc and corresponding chord that connects to a member 's circle represents a specific donation on a given date . As the diagram animates it shows cumulative funding over the period of a year . Use your mouse to roll over each element to see how everything is connected . Get the Source Code
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
When I asked in the Mother Jones Slack chat today whether it was too late to write a post tying climate change to the Chris Christie beach scandal , my colleague replied there was probably another 12 hours left in that news cycle . So here goes .
By now , you 've no doubt seen the photos and heard the fallout from the New Jersey governor 's day with their family at the shore . Over the weekend , NJ Advance Media caught Christie soaking up the sun in Island Beach State Park , which they had closed to the public as part of a government shutdown linked to a state budget dispute . Christie and their family were staying at the state-owned Ocean House , which sits adjacent to the shuttered beach and is reserved for the governor 's exclusive use .
Christie 's hypocrisy is obvious , but it 's also worth pointing out that the governor is a big supporter of President Donald Trump , whose climate change policies are a threat to coastal communities everywhere . According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , if we do nothing to combat global warming—which is essentially the Trump plan—sea levels will rise roughly 1-3 feet by the end of the century . So I started wondering : What will Island Beach State Park look like in a few decades ? Will it even be there at all ?
Here 's a cool interactive map from Climate Central illustrating that scenario . At first glance , there might be a bit of good news for future New Jersey governors . With 3 feet of sea level rise , big chunks of the barrier island on which the beach sits will be flooded , but Ocean House itself , which is located at the end of the circular drive in the center of the map , appears to be safe . ( You can play around with the map to see the impact of various degrees of sea level rise . )
But zoom out a bit farther , and you 'll notice a problem : Large parts of the road to Ocean House look like they will be underwater .
But fortunately , the house wo n't be completely inaccessible for the Garden State 's future chief executives . They have an advantage that ordinary taxpayers do not . As the Washington Post notes , Christie gets to use a state-owned helicopter to travel to the beach .
India has stressed that the Dalai Lama 's visit to Arunachal Pradesh is religious , not political
`` PM Modi seems to have taken a different stance on the Dalai issue , '' China 's official media said
The Dalai Lama will offer teachings at the remote Tawang monastery in Arunachal Pradesh
BATON ROUGE , Louisiana — Sen. Rand Paul ( R-KY ) is coming out guns-a-blazing against efforts by the Washington political establishment to rush through Congress a giant spending bill , called an “ omnibus. ” In an exclusive interview , they tell Breitbart News that they plan to rally their colleagues against such a bill .
Instead , Paul thinks Republicans , who will control the Senate come January , should use their power to retake control from the Democrats by passing individual appropriations bills .
“ I 'm against any kind of Continuing Resolution or omnibus , ” Paul says , adding :
We should do appropriations bills . If they have to do one for a month until they can tide it over—or a couple months—maybe , but even that , I 'm not for spending the same amount of money we spend because the money we spend now has led to a $ 17.5 trillion debt . So what I would say is—this is what I will say in my caucus—there are twelve appropriations bills , and we should work on all twelve .
That stand puts Paul at odds with their fellow Kentuckian , House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rep. Hal Rogers ( R ) , who is pushing for an omnibus . But Paul points out that Republicans just won the midterm elections , and they add that by passing individual appropriations bills , Republicans can tell President Barack Obama how to spend Americans ' money .
“ That 's our job , ” Paul points out . Elaborating , they state :
If we were to pass all twelve of the appropriations bills , we 'd have an enormous amount of power . But if you wait and pass them all into one enormous omnibus bill , you have no power . If it 's wait until “ shut the government down or do n't shut the government down , ” then everybody 's tendency is “ let 's just keep it going so we do n't get blamed for shutting the government down. ” But as a consequence , we keep spending money and borrowing money at a million dollars a minute . But I think it 's important we do the appropriations bills , and I will argue in my caucus that we should do every appropriations bill .
Paul also joins incoming Senate Budget Committee Chairman Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R-AL ) in arguing that Republicans should use all their power—including the power of the purse through appropriations and spending restraints—to block President Obama 's planned executive amnesty .
“ I think we should do everything we can to stop them from acting illegally , ” Paul said . They went on to say :
So I think that to grant amnesty by executive order is illegal because I think that 's writing legislation , changing the legislation of the current law by the President 's executive fiat or order . So we should try to stop him . We should try to direct their behavior to bring them back within the bounds of the law . How we do that , I think , needs to be worked out . Our caucus will be discussing it . The people on the Appropriations Committee have more power than the people not on the Appropriations Committee . We 'll have to work through it . I think if you talk to most Republicans in the Senate , new or old , I think you 'll find a lot of them really do want to use the power of the purse to restrain this President from acting in an arrogant and illegal way .
Paul was in Louisiana to join Rep. Bill Cassidy ( R-LA ) and retired Air Force Col . Rob Maness for a GOP unity event . Cassidy got more votes than Maness in the November 4 U.S. Senate election . Since no candidate earned more than half the vote , however , Cassidy will face incumbent Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D-LA ) in a December 6 runoff .
By joining Sessions and others to publicly challenge the omnibus spending efforts from Rogers , Speaker John Boehner , and other GOP leadership officials , Paul seems to hope to derail a grand bargain 's chances before the Congress convenes its lame duck session .
Paul 's position is uniquely powerful , as they are widely considered one of the front-runners for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination . Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , another of Paul 's Kentucky colleagues , has already offered a preliminary endorsement of Paul 's likely presidential campaign .
While this spending battle will occur with the outgoing Congress , before the newly-elected Senate GOP majority and emboldened House GOP majority take over , it will set much of the tone for how Republicans handle President Obama for the final two years of their presidency . It will also be an early benchmark for how Republicans deal with issues within their party—and which wing of the GOP , conservatives or establishment Republicans , starts off with the upper hand .
Perhaps that is why , despite signs that this grand bargain could be derailed early , Roll Call 's Tamar Hallerman wrote that appropriators , including Rogers , are “ bullish in public about being able to forge a genuine omnibus deal in the lame duck ” even though “ the odds are stacking up against them . ”
“ Emboldened by the GOP 's Senate sweep and gains in the House last week , ” Hallerman wrote , “ there are rumblings that conservatives may start pushing for a three-month stopgap that would delay funding decisions through March in order to minimize the influence of Senate Democrats in the negotiating process. ” They added that “ it is currently unclear whether such discussions are gaining momentum , but it could upend appropriators ' planning .
Hallerman is correct that it is still unclear how successful conservatives will be in upending leadership 's plans , but it is early in the process , and there are signs that another epic Capitol Hill battle , such as we 've seen in the House GOP conference over the past two years , may be brewing .
With Paul , Sessions , presumably Sens . Ted Cruz and Mike Lee , and others lining up against leadership 's efforts before Congress even gets organized for the lame duck session , the next few weeks could be a bumpy ride .
It 's the premise of so many horror films and nightmares : a toy coming to life as an evil creature . There 's something about the dark that makes beloved toys suddenly seem ominous and creepy . To play off that fear , I thought it would be entertaining to make Halloween decor that was creepy but not gory . It 's really simple to transform an innocent plush toy into a creepy Halloween demon .
Project estimate :
MY LATEST VIDEOS
OUR LATEST VIDEOS OUR LATEST VIDEOS
Stuffed animal , on hand or $ 1
Vampire teeth , $ 1
Felt , on hand
Glue gun , on hand
Large rhinestones , on hand or $ 1
Total : $ 1 and up
Step one : Open the vampire teeth and trace the outline on a piece of red felt . Cut the shape out .
Step two : Cut a slit on the plush toy 's face where the teeth will go . Make the cut slightly wider than the vampire teeth . Remove some of the stuffing .
Step three : Fold the felt in half and insert in the cut area . Stitch around the cut area to hold the felt in place .
Step four : Insert the vampire teeth in the mouth , and use hot glue to hold them in place .
My cute sock monkey has suddenly transformed into a monster ! To “ up ” the creepy factor , I glued rhinestones over their eyes . I think I 'll make a few more like this to make a scary Halloween display . This would also make a fun prop for a Halloween costume ! Would you want to snuggle with this creepy monkey ? : )
F g ) equals the restraining force of drag ( F d ) plus the buoyancy . The net force on the object then , is zero , and the result is that the velocity of the object remains constant . The downward force of gravity ( ) equals the restraining force of drag ( ) plus the buoyancy . The net force on the object then , is zero , and the result is that the velocity of the object remains constant .
Terminal velocity is the highest velocity attainable by an object as it falls through a fluid ( air is the most common example ) . It occurs when the sum of the drag force ( F d ) and the buoyancy is equal to the downward force of gravity ( F G ) acting on the object . Since the net force on the object is zero , the object has zero acceleration . [ 1 ]
In fluid dynamics , an object is moving at its terminal velocity if its speed is constant due to the restraining force exerted by the fluid through which it is moving [ 2 ] .
As the speed of an object increases , so does the drag force acting on it , which also depends on the substance it is passing through ( for example air or water ) . At some speed , the drag or force of resistance will equal the gravitational pull on the object ( buoyancy is considered below ) . At this point the object ceases to accelerate and continues falling at a constant speed called the terminal velocity ( also called settling velocity ) . An object moving downward faster than the terminal velocity ( for example because it was thrown downwards , it fell from a thinner part of the atmosphere , or it changed shape ) will slow down until it reaches the terminal velocity . Drag depends on the projected area , here , the object 's cross-section or silhouette in a horizontal plane . An object with a large projected area relative to its mass , such as a parachute , has a lower terminal velocity than one with a small projected area relative to its mass , such as a bullet .
Examples [ edit ]
Based on wind resistance , for example , the terminal speed of a skydiver in a belly-to-earth ( i.e. , face down ) free fall position is about 195 km/h ( 120 mph ; 54 m/s ) . [ 3 ] This speed is the asymptotic limiting value of the speed , and the forces acting on the body balance each other more and more closely as the terminal speed is approached . In this example , a speed of 50 % of terminal speed is reached after only about 3 seconds , while it takes 8 seconds to reach 90 % , 15 seconds to reach 99 % and so on .
Higher speeds can be attained if the skydiver pulls in their or their limbs ( see also freeflying ) . In this case , the terminal speed increases to about 320 km/h ( 200 mph or 90 m/s ) , [ 3 ] which is almost the terminal speed of the peregrine falcon diving down on its prey . [ 4 ] The same terminal speed is reached for a typical .30-06 bullet dropping downwards—when it is returning to the ground having been fired upwards , or dropped from a tower—according to a 1920 U.S. Army Ordnance study . [ 5 ]
Competition speed skydivers fly in a head-down position and can reach speeds of 530 km/h ( 330 mph ; 150 m/s ) ; the current record is held by Felix Baumgartner who jumped from a height of 128,100 feet ( 39,000 m ) and reached 1,357.6 km/h ( 840 mph ; 380 m/s ) , though they achieved this speed at high altitude , where extremely thin air presents less drag force .
The biologist J . B. S. Haldane wrote ,
To the mouse and any smaller animal [ gravity ] presents practically no dangers . You can drop a mouse down a thousand-yard mine shaft ; and , on arriving at the bottom , it gets a slight shock and walks away . A rat is killed , a man is broken , a horse splashes . For the resistance presented to movement by the air is proportional to the surface of the moving object . [ 6 ]
Physics [ edit ]
Using mathematical terms , terminal speed—without considering buoyancy effects—is given by
V t = 2 m g ρ A C d { \displaystyle V_ { t } = { \sqrt { \frac { 2mg } { \rho AC_ { d } } } } }
where
V t { \displaystyle V_ { t } }
m { \displaystyle m } mass of the falling object ,
mass of the falling object , g { \displaystyle g } acceleration due to gravity ,
acceleration due to gravity , C d { \displaystyle C_ { d } } drag coefficient ,
drag coefficient , ρ { \displaystyle \rho } density of the fluid through which the object is falling , and
density of the fluid through which the object is falling , and A { \displaystyle A } projected area of the object .
In reality , an object approaches its terminal speed asymptotically .
Buoyancy effects , due to the upward force on the object by the surrounding fluid , can be taken into account using Archimedes ' principle : the mass m { \displaystyle m } has to be reduced by the displaced fluid mass ρ V { \displaystyle \rho V } , with V { \displaystyle V } the volume of the object . So instead of m { \displaystyle m } use the reduced mass m r = m − ρ V { \displaystyle m_ { r } =m-\rho V } in this and subsequent formulas .
The terminal speed of an object changes due to the properties of the fluid , the mass of the object and its projected cross-sectional surface area .
Air density increases with decreasing altitude , at about 1 % per 80 metres ( 260 ft ) ( see barometric formula ) . For objects falling through the atmosphere , for every 160 metres ( 520 ft ) of fall , the terminal speed decreases 1 % . After reaching the local terminal velocity , while continuing the fall , speed decreases to change with the local terminal speed .
Derivation for terminal velocity [ edit ]
Using mathematical terms , defining down to be positive , the net force acting on an object falling near the surface of Earth is ( according to the drag equation ) :
F n e t = m a = m g − 1 2 ρ v 2 A C d , { \displaystyle F_ { net } =ma=mg- { 1 \over 2 } \rho v^ { 2 } AC_ { d } , }
with v ( t ) the velocity of the object as a function of time t .
At equilibrium , the net force is zero ( F net = 0 ) and the velocity becomes the terminal velocity lim
t→∞ v ( t ) = V t :
m g − 1 2 ρ V t 2 A C d = 0 . { \displaystyle mg- { 1 \over 2 } \rho V_ { t } ^ { 2 } AC_ { d } =0 . }
Solving for V t yields
V t = 2 m g ρ A C d . { \displaystyle V_ { t } = { \sqrt { \frac { 2mg } { \rho AC_ { d } } } } . }
Derivation of the solution for the velocity v as a function of time t The drag equation is—assuming ρ , g and C d to be constants : m a = m d v d t = m g − 1 2 ρ v 2 A C d . { \displaystyle ma=m { \frac { \mathrm { d } v } { \mathrm { d } t } } =mg- { \frac { 1 } { 2 } } \rho v^ { 2 } AC_ { d } . } Although this is a Riccati equation that can be solved by reduction to a second-order linear differential equation , it is easier to separate variables . A more practical form of this equation can be obtained by making the substitution α2 = ρAC d /2mg . Dividing both sides by m gives d v d t = g ( 1 − α 2 v 2 ) . { \displaystyle { \frac { \mathrm { d } v } { \mathrm { d } t } } =g\left ( 1-\alpha ^ { 2 } v^ { 2 } \right ) . } The equation can be re-arranged into d t = d v g ( 1 − α 2 v 2 ) . { \displaystyle \mathrm { d } t= { \frac { \mathrm { d } v } { g ( 1-\alpha ^ { 2 } v^ { 2 } ) } } . } Taking the integral of both sides yields ∫ 0 t d t ′ = 1 g ∫ 0 v d v ′ 1 − α 2 v ′ 2 . { \displaystyle \int _ { 0 } ^ { t } { \mathrm { d } t^ { \prime } } = { 1 \over g } \int _ { 0 } ^ { v } { \frac { \mathrm { d } v^ { \prime } } { 1-\alpha ^ { 2 } v^ { \prime 2 } } } . } After integration , this becomes t − 0 = 1 g [ ln ⁡ ( 1 + α v ′ ) 2 α − ln ⁡ ( 1 − α v ′ ) 2 α + C ] v ′ = 0 v ′ = v = 1 g [ ln ⁡ 1 + α v ′ 1 − α v ′ 2 α + C ] v ′ = 0 v ′ = v { \displaystyle t-0= { 1 \over g } \left [ { \ln ( 1+\alpha v^ { \prime } ) \over 2\alpha } - { \frac { \ln ( 1-\alpha v^ { \prime } ) } { 2\alpha } } +C\right ] _ { v^ { \prime } =0 } ^ { v^ { \prime } =v } = { 1 \over g } \left [ { \ln { \frac { 1+\alpha v^ { \prime } } { 1-\alpha v^ { \prime } } } \over 2\alpha } +C\right ] _ { v^ { \prime } =0 } ^ { v^ { \prime } =v } } or in simpler a form t = 1 2 α g ln ⁡ 1 + α v 1 − α v = a r c t a n h ( α v ) α g , { \displaystyle t= { 1 \over 2\alpha g } \ln { \frac { 1+\alpha v } { 1-\alpha v } } = { \frac { \mathrm { arctanh } ( \alpha v ) } { \alpha g } } , } with arctanh the inverse hyperbolic tangent function . Alternatively , 1 α tanh ⁡ ( α g t ) = v , { \displaystyle { \frac { 1 } { \alpha } } \tanh ( \alpha gt ) =v , } with tanh the hyperbolic tangent function . Assuming that g is positive ( which it was defined to be ) , and substituting α back in , the speed v becomes v = 2 m g ρ A C d tanh ⁡ ( t g ρ A C d 2 m ) . { \displaystyle v= { \sqrt { \frac { 2mg } { \rho AC_ { d } } } } \tanh \left ( t { \sqrt { \frac { g\rho AC_ { d } } { 2m } } } \right ) . } As time tends to infinity ( t → ∞ ) , the hyperbolic tangent tends to 1 , resulting in the terminal speed V t = lim t → ∞ v ( t ) = 2 m g ρ A C d . { \displaystyle V_ { t } =\lim _ { t\to \infty } v ( t ) = { \sqrt { \frac { 2mg } { \rho AC_ { d } } } } . }
Terminal speed in a creeping flow [ edit ]
F d and force by gravity F g Creeping flow past a sphere : streamlines , drag forceand force by gravity
For very slow motion of the fluid , the inertia forces of the fluid are negligible ( assumption of massless fluid ) in comparison to other forces . Such flows are called creeping flows and the condition to be satisfied for the flows to be creeping flows is the Reynolds number , R e ≪ 1 { \displaystyle Re\ll 1 } . The equation of motion for creeping flow ( simplified Navier–Stokes equation ) is given by
∇ p = μ ∇ 2 v { \displaystyle
abla p=\mu
abla ^ { 2 } { \mathbf { v } } }
where
v { \displaystyle { \mathbf { v } } }
p { \displaystyle p }
μ { \displaystyle \mu } viscosity .
The analytical solution for the creeping flow around a sphere was first given by Stokes in 1851 . From Stokes ' solution , the drag force acting on the sphere can be obtained as
( 6 ) D = 3 π μ d V or C d = 24 R e { \displaystyle \quad ( 6 ) \qquad D=3\pi \mu dV\qquad \qquad { \text { or } } \qquad \qquad C_ { d } = { \frac { 24 } { Re } } }
where the Reynolds number , R e = 1 μ ρ d V { \displaystyle Re= { \frac { 1 } { \mu } } \rho dV } . The expression for the drag force given by equation ( 6 ) is called Stokes ' law .
When the value of C d { \displaystyle C_ { d } } is substituted in the equation ( 5 ) , we obtain the expression for terminal speed of a spherical object moving under creeping flow conditions :
V t = g d 2 18 μ ( ρ s − ρ ) . { \displaystyle V_ { t } = { \frac { gd^ { 2 } } { 18\mu } } \left ( \rho _ { s } -\rho \right ) . }
Applications [ edit ]
The creeping flow results can be applied in order to study the settling of sediments near the ocean bottom and the fall of moisture drops in the atmosphere . The principle is also applied in the falling sphere viscometer , an experimental device used to measure the viscosity of highly viscous fluids , for example oil , paraffin , tar etc .
Terminal velocity in the presence of buoyancy force [ edit ]
s of a sand grain ( diameter d , density 2650 kg/m3 ) in water at 20 °C , computed with the formula of Soulsby ( 1997 ) . Settling velocity Wof a sand grain ( diameter d , density 2650 kg/m ) in water at 20 °C , computed with the formula of Soulsby ( 1997 ) .
When the buoyancy effects are taken into account , an object falling through a fluid under its own weight can reach a terminal velocity ( settling velocity ) if the net force acting on the object becomes zero . When the terminal velocity is reached the weight of the object is exactly balanced by the upward buoyancy force and drag force . That is
( 1 ) W = F b + D { \displaystyle \quad ( 1 ) \qquad W=F_ { b } +D }
where
W { \displaystyle W }
F b { \displaystyle F_ { b } }
D { \displaystyle D }
If the falling object is spherical in shape , the expression for the three forces are given below :
( 2 ) W = π 6 d 3 ρ s g , ( 3 ) F b = π 6 d 3 ρ g , ( 4 ) D = C d 1 2 ρ V 2 A , { \displaystyle { \begin { aligned } \quad & ( 2 ) \qquad & W & = { \frac { \pi } { 6 } } d^ { 3 } \rho _ { s } g , \\\quad & ( 3 ) \qquad & F_ { b } & = { \frac { \pi } { 6 } } d^ { 3 } \rho g , \\\quad & ( 4 ) \qquad & D & =C_ { d } { \frac { 1 } { 2 } } \rho V^ { 2 } A , \end { aligned } } }
where
d { \displaystyle d }
g { \displaystyle g }
ρ { \displaystyle \rho }
ρ s { \displaystyle \rho _ { s } }
A = 1 4 π d 2 { \displaystyle A= { \frac { 1 } { 4 } } \pi d^ { 2 } }
C d { \displaystyle C_ { d } }
V { \displaystyle V } V t { \displaystyle V_ { t } }
Substitution of equations ( 2–4 ) in equation ( 1 ) and solving for terminal velocity , V t { \displaystyle V_ { t } } to yield the following expression
( 5 ) V t = 4 g d 3 C d ( ρ s − ρ ρ ) . { \displaystyle \quad ( 5 ) \qquad V_ { t } = { \sqrt { { \frac { 4gd } { 3C_ { d } } } \left ( { \frac { \rho _ { s } -\rho } { \rho } } \right ) } } . }
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citation : Logan DW , Sandal M , Gardner PP , Manske M , Bateman A ( 2010 ) Ten Simple Rules for Editing Wikipedia . PLoS Comput Biol 6 ( 9 ) : e1000941 . https : //doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000941 Published : September 30 , 2010 Copyright : © 2010 Logan et al . This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited . Funding : The authors received no specific funding for this article . Competing interests : The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Wikipedia is the world 's most successful online encyclopedia , now containing over 3.3 million English language articles . It is probably the largest collection of knowledge ever assembled , and is certainly the most widely accessible . Wikipedia can be edited by anyone with Internet access that chooses to , but does it provide reliable information ? A 2005 study by Nature found that a selection of Wikipedia articles on scientific subjects were comparable to a professionally edited encyclopedia [ 1 ] , suggesting a community of volunteers can generate and sustain surprisingly accurate content . For better or worse , people are guided to Wikipedia when searching the Web for biomedical information [ 2 ] . So there is an increasing need for the scientific community to engage with Wikipedia to ensure that the information it contains is accurate and current . For scientists , contributing to Wikipedia is an excellent way of fulfilling public engagement responsibilities and sharing expertise . For example , some Wikipedian scientists have successfully integrated biological data with Wikipedia to promote community annotation [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] . This , in turn , encourages wider access to the linked data via Wikipedia . Others have used the wiki model to develop their own specialist , collaborative databases [ 5 ] – [ 8 ] . Taking your first steps into Wikipedia can be daunting , but here we provide some tips that should make the editing process go smoothly .
Rule 1 : Register an Account Although any visitor can edit Wikipedia , creating a user account offers a number of benefits . Firstly , it offers you privacy and security . Though counterintuitive , editors registered under a pseudonymous username actually have greater anonymity than those who edit “ anonymously ” . A few of us have chosen to associate our accounts with our real identities . Should you choose to forgo pseudonymity on Wikipedia , your entire editing history will be open to indefinite scrutiny by curious Web searchers , including future colleagues , students , or employers . Do not forget this . As in academic circles , a good reputation helps your wiki career . By logging in you can build a record of good edits , and it is easier to communicate and collaborate with others if you have a fixed , reputable identity . Finally , registering an account provides access to enhanced editing features , including a “ watchlist ” for monitoring articles you have edited previously .
Rule 2 : Learn the Five Pillars There are some broad principles—known as the “ five pillars ” —all editors are expected to adhere to when contributing to Wikipedia . Perhaps most important for scientists is the appreciation that Wikipedia is not a publisher of original thought or research [ 9 ] . Accordingly , it is not an appropriate venue to promote your pet theory or share unpublished results . It is also not a soapbox on which to expound your personal theories or a battleground to debate controversial issues . In this respect , Wikipedia fundamentally differs from other types of new media , such as blogs , that encourage editorializing . Contributing to Wikipedia is something to enjoy ; a natural extension of your enthusiasm for science . But differences of opinion inevitably arise , particularly on pages provided for discussion on how to improve articles . Treat other editors as collaborators and maintain a respectful and civil manner , even in disagreement [ 10 ] . If you begin to find a particular interaction stressful , simply log off and come back another time . Unlike most scientific enterprises , Wikipedia has no deadlines .
Rule 3 : Be Bold , but Not Reckless The survival and growth of any wiki requires participation . Wikipedia is unmatched in size , but its continuing success depends on the regular contributions of tens of thousands of volunteers . Therefore , Wikipedia urges all users to be bold : if you spot an error , correct it . If you can improve an article , please do so . It is important , however , to distinguish boldness from recklessness . Start off small . Begin by making minor modifications to existing articles before attempting a complete rewrite of History of science . Many new editors feel intimidated about contributing to Wikipedia at first , fearing they may a mistake . Such reticence is understandable but unfounded . The worst that can happen is your first edits are deemed not to be an improvement and they get reverted . If this does occur , treat it as a positive learning experience and ask the reverting editor for advice .
Rule 4 : Know Your Audience Wikipedia is not primarily aimed at experts ; therefore , the level of technical detail in its articles must be balanced against the ability of non-experts to understand those details . When contributing scientific content , imagine you have been tasked with writing a comprehensive scientific review for a high school audience . It can be surprisingly challenging explaining complex ideas in an accessible , jargon-free manner . But it is worth the perseverance . You will reap the benefits when it comes to writing your next manuscript or teaching an undergraduate class .
Rule 5 : Do Not Infringe Copyright With certain conditions , almost all of Wikipedia 's content is free for anyone to reuse , adapt , and distribute . Consequently , it does not accept non-free material under copyright restriction . Some journals , including those from the Public Library of Science , publish material under an open-access license that is compatible with use in Wikipedia if properly attributed . Most do not . Therefore , although it may be tempting , avoid copying text or figures from your latest review article ( or anyone else 's ) into Wikipedia . It will quickly be identified as a copyright violation and flagged for immediate deletion . You can give Wikipedia permission to use material you own , but this process is non-reversible and can be time consuming . It is often better to rewrite the text in simpler language or redraw the figure to make it more accessible . This will also ensure it is more suitable for Wikipedia 's non-expert readership ( see Rule 4 ) .
Rule 6 : Cite , Cite , Cite To maintain the highest standards possible , Wikipedia has a strict inclusion policy that demands verifiability [ 11 ] . This is best established by attributing each statement in Wikipedia to a reliable , published source ( but see Rules 7 and 8 on excessive self-citing ) . Most scientists are in the fortunate position of having access to a wide body of literature , and experience in using inline citations to support their writing . Since unverified content may be removed from Wikipedia at any time , provide supporting citations for every statement that might be challenged by another editor at some point in the future . Whenever possible , give preference to secondary sources ( such as reviews or book chapters ) that survey the relevant primary research over research articles themselves . Wikipedia 's accessibility makes each of its scientific articles an excellent entry point for laypeople seeking specialist information . By also providing direct hyperlinks to reliable , freely accessible online resources with your citations ( biological databases or open-access journals , for example ) , other editors can quickly verify your content and readers have immediate access to authoritative sources that address the subject in greater detail .
Rule 7 : Avoid Shameless Self-Promotion Many people are tempted to write or edit Wikipedia articles about themselves . Resist that urge . If you are sufficiently notable to merit inclusion in an encyclopedia , eventually someone else will write an article about you . Remember that unlike a personal Web page , your Wikipedia biography is not yours to control . A lovingly crafted hagiography extolling your many virtues can rapidly accumulate information you would rather not be publicized . You may already have a Wikipedia biography , but it contains factual inaccuracies that you wish to correct . How do you do this without breaking the rules ? Wikipedia 's guidelines encourage you to provide information about yourself on the associated discussion page , but please permit other editors to add it to the article itself . Think twice , also , before writing about your mentors , colleagues , competitors , inventions , or projects . Doing so places you in a conflict of interest and inclines you towards unintentional bias [ 12 ] . If you have a personal or financial interest in the subject of any article you choose to edit , declare it on the associated discussion page and heed the advice of other editors who can offer a more objective perspective .
Rule 8 : Share Your Expertise , but Do n't Argue from Authority Writing about a subject about which you have academic expertise is not a conflict of interest [ 12 ] ; indeed , this is where we can contribute to Wikipedia most effectively . Jimmy Wales , co-founder of Wikipedia , told Nature that experts have the ability to “ write specifics in a nuanced way ” , thereby significantly improving article quality [ 1 ] . When writing in your area of expertise , referencing material you have published in peer-reviewed journals is permitted if it is genuinely notable , but use common sense ( and revisit Rule 7 ) . For example , if you have an obscure , never-been-cited article in the Journal of New Zealand Dairy Research discussing the RNA content of cow milk , then referencing this in the introductory paragraph of the Wikipedia articles on “ RNA ” , “ Milk ” , “ Cow ” , and “ Evolution of mammals ” is not a good idea . Occasionally you may interact with another editor who clearly does not share your expertise on the subject of an article . This can often prove frustrating for experts and is the basis of much academic angst on Wikipedia [ 1 ] . On such occasions , remember that you are assessed only on your contributions to Wikipedia , not who you are , your qualifications , or what you have achieved in your career . Your specialist knowledge should enable you to write in a neutral manner and produce reliable , independent sources to support each assertion you make . If you do not provide verification , your contributions will be rightly challenged irrespective of how many degrees you hold .
Rule 9 : Write Neutrally and with Due Weight All articles in Wikipedia should be impartial in tone and content [ 13 ] . When writing , do state facts and facts about notable opinions , but do not offer your opinion as fact . Many newcomers to Wikipedia gravitate to articles on controversial issues about which people hold strong opposing viewpoints . Avoid these until familiar with Wikipedia 's policies ( see Rule 3 ) , and instead focus on articles that are much easier to remain dispassionate about . Many scientists who contribute to Wikipedia fail to appreciate that a neutral point of view is not the same as the mainstream scientific point of view . When writing about complex issues , try to cover all significant viewpoints and afford each with due weight , but not equal weight . For example , an article on a scientific controversy should describe both the scientific consensus and significant fringe theories , but not in the same depth or in a manner suggesting these viewpoints are equally held .
Rule 10 : Ask for Help Wikipedia can be a confusing place for the inexperienced editor . Learning Wiki markup—the syntax that instructs the software how to render the page—may appear daunting at first , though the recent implementation of a new editing toolbar has made this easier , and usability development is ongoing . The intersecting guidelines and policies ( and the annoying tendency of experienced editors to use an alphabet soup of acronyms to reference them ) can also be tricky to comprehend . Thankfully , the Wikipedia community puts great stock in welcoming new editors . Guidance is available through a number of avenues , including help desks , a specific IRC channel , and an Adopt-a-User mentorship program . You can even summon help using a special template— { { helpme } } —and , as if by magic , a friendly Wikipedian will appear to offer one-on-one assistance .
Acknowledgments We thank Philip Bourne for insightful comments and gratefully acknowledge the contributions of the many Wikipedians who collectively developed the policies and guidelines that inspired these rules .
The names of the places around us often tell the unique story of Vermont 's history . Our guide is Vermont Place Names : Footprints of History , by Esther Munroe Swift .
LAMOILLE-Eden
Swift wrote the town “ was chartered to some of the Green Mountain Boys ' officers and men and to the heirs of other men who had been killed during the revolution . …The town was chartered to the veterans in the hope that it would be a post-war Eden for them ; however as far as can be ascertained , none of them ever settled there . ”
Swift went on to say that “ Eden did n't really offer the Green Mountain Boys much prospect for settlement : in 1883 Hamilton Child 's Gazetteer of Lamoille County , said ‘ In surface , Eden is rough and mountainous and made quite picturesque by numerous ponds and rivers . ' It was 1800 before any settlement was made , and that year the United States census showed only 29 residents . Soon after that the first child , a boy , was born to Isaac and Lydia Brown and named Eden . The town reached its peak of population in the decade of 1860-1870 , when the residents numbered over 900 , but it has declined nearly every decade since then to the 1970 census figure of only a little more than 500 . ”
Swift 's book was published in 1977 , and has not been updated . In the 2000 census , the population of Eden was again on the rise , to 1,000 people .
CHITTENDEN-Underhill
Swift wrote , “ two members of the Underhill family were listed on the grant…They were Benjamin Underhill and Underhill Horton… ” Sorry to all of you who thought it was named because of its location , under the hill that is Vermont 's highest mountain . Swift continues , “ The town of Mansfield… was granted on the same day as Underhill . Mansfield had almost no land suitable for farming , and the peaks of the Green Mountains , running through the center of the town , made it impossible to go from one side to the other . In 1839 , the western section of Mansfield was annexed to Underhill , thereby bringing the town to its present size . After a long hassle with the Mansfield townspeople , who wanted to have their town remain a separate civil entity , the legislature managed to give the rest of the town to Stowe , in Lamoille county in the East . ”
“ Mount Mansfield…is in the eastern section of Underhill , which originally had been the western half of Mansfield town. ” People often think that Mansfield , got its name from features its like nose and chin . But Swift wrote that this is n't correct , “ This fancied resemblance gave rise to the oft-repeated story that the name of the town was a made name Man 's field and in return that the town 's name came from the mountain . ''
`` The true story is less picturesque : the Vermont town was named for Mansfield , Connecticut , the home town of some of the grantees ; and the mountain had its name for the town . ”
RUTLAND-Mendon
Mendon was first chartered as Medway , but became Mendon in 1827 . But in between , it was briefly , Parkerstown . Swift wrote… “ a charter was issued to Jonathan Parker , who then lived in Clarendon , for a 3,000-acre tract that was given the name of Parkers Gore . Then in 1804 , according to Child 's Gazetter for Rutland County , there occurred a piece of classic skullduggery . Some of the land in Parkers Gore and Mendon was to be put up for tax sale and the account says Parker made it worthwhile for the county sheriff to start the sale at midnight of the appointed day . Parker was of course , the only bidder present , and they bought the land for a purely nominal sum ; when the scandal became known the sheriff had to leave the state . ”
“ The name of the combined Parkers Gore and Medway became Parkerstown in 1804 . Apparently , Parker 's influence was of more of a passing nature , because the town retained their name until 1827 , when it was changed to Mendon by the legislature . ”
Meanwhile , the nearby town of Killington has also had a number of changes . It was chartered as Killington , and became Sherburne in 1800 , and in 1999 , it was changed back to Killington , well after Vermont Place Names : Footprints of History was published .
ORLEANS-Barton
Barton was named for one of its original grantees , General William Barton , who as Swift writes , “ did take up residence in their new town soon after the charter was issued , but did not bring their family to Vermont – a fact that has since occasioned considerable speculation . ”
Barton was a Revolutionary war veteran , and Swift shared a bit of their story , “ Apparently , Barton was a feisty and quarrelsome sort , who was resented by the other settlers . One of the best-known stories about them concerns theirs being jailed for refusing to pay a legal judgment of $ 50.13 and court costs of an additional $ 51.10 . It is thought that they were perfectly well able to pay , but simply refused to do so ; as a result they went to jail for their debt in 1811 , and there they stayed until 1825 . ''
`` When the Marquis de Lafayette was touring Vermont , they heard about what had happened to their old wartime friend , and paid for the General 's release . Lafayette undoubtedly envisioned Barton as languishing in a dark , dank jail at Danville , but this was not the case : the prisoner was merely restricted to the area within one-mile radius of the jail , and probably lived quite comfortably in a private home , not in the actual jailhouse . It is quite possible that the term in jail was mutually agreeable to the General and the people of Barton , for they did n't return there after their release , but instead went back to Rhode Island and the wife that they had left there 30 years earlier . ”
Do you have a question about a Vermont place name ? Check our the series from 2012 and 2013 or ask us : post your comments or question below or send us a message .
Vermont Place Names : Footprints of History was first published in 1977 . The copyright is held by Esther Munroe Swift 's estate , which granted permission for its use . Series broadcast April 14-17 , 2014 during Morning Edition on VPR .
« Conservative Commentator Guy Benson Comes Out As Gay in a Footnote of Their New Book | Main | In Baltimore , Reporters Catch `` Protesters '' Spinning False Testimony About a `` Police Shooting '' in Real Time » Social Justice Warriorette : Sexual Consent Is Meaningless , Because Sometimes `` Yes '' Means `` No '' Sexual hysteric exhibits hysteria about sex . Film at 11 . K-Timpf reports on a piece written by a Student -- and right there , you know you 're in for some Serious Thinking -- in which they complain that they say Yes when they mean No and therefore they have actually been `` raped '' -- while giving actual affirmative consent . In the piece , Bosiljevac explains that they and their friends even came up with a phrase to describe someone having sex with you who you didnt want to have sex with even though you told them that you did , which they apparently consider a form of rape : We coined the term 'raped by rape culture ' to describe what it was like to say yes , coerced by the culture that had raised us and the systems of power that worked on us , and to still want 'no , ' '' they write in the April 30 article , titled `` Why Yes Can Mean No . '' Bosiljevac writes that shes been dealing with the oppression of this culture their whole life -- beginning with having to endure relatives kissing their cheeks `` even as I winced and turned away '' -- and that it continues to influence their sexual decision-making abilities , almost to the point where they dont seem to think they really has any ability to make those decisions at all . They then goes on to explain the reasons they feel that consenting to sex is actually raped . `` Sometimes , for me , there was obligation from already having gone back to someone 's room , not wanting to ruin a good friendship , loneliness , worry that no one else would ever be interested , a fear that if I did say no , they might not stop , the influence of alcohol , and an understanding that hookups are 'supposed ' to be fun , '' they write . Oh , it gets better . For some reason this has something to do with homophobia . You can read the little idiot 's hysterics here . For me , and many others like me , consent is n't easy . Yes does n't always mean yes , and we misplaced 'no ' several years ago . This experience is n't random , but disproportionately affects oppressed communities . Consent is a privilege , and it was built for wealthy , heterosexual , cis , white , western , able-bodied masculinity . When society has taught some of us to take up as little space as possible , to take all attention as flattery , and to be truly grateful that anyone at all could want our bodies or love , it is n't always our choice to say yes . Pathetic : They take attention as flattery , and gives themselves to those who pay any attention to their silly ass ; and that 's your fault , Rapers . Consent as a privilege does n't just happen in sex . It happens for those of us who give too much in friendships without knowing how to ask for reciprocation , who let doctors touch us in ways that are triggering because we do n't want to make trouble , who dance with handsy strangers because our friends already left the party , who stick around in toxic relationships because we dont know if were allowed to expect better . When youre poor , disabled , queer , non-white , trans , or feminine , 'no ' is n't for you . I do n't mean to insist that every person oppressed in these systems of power cant have empowering consensual experiences , and I know many who do . What I do mean to say is that for me , finding 'no ' is a process , consent is elusive , and sometimes , even when people dont mean to -- they hurt me . So if consent is n't just sexy , quippy slogans on tank tops , or boob-shaped cupcakes , what happens next ? First , we have to realize that all oppression is connected , and all rape is racist , classist , ableist , patriarchal , hetero and cissexist . We can not make consent available to all if we are not simultaneously disrupting these structures . Next , we have to stop trying to squash the variety of experiences of coercion into one `` Affirmative Consent '' law . We can not trust the state to defend consent and bodily integrity -- not in Baltimore , Ferguson , Los Angeles , or Claremont . In this moment , we have to throw out legislation entirely to realize that justice for our communities was n't built into those systems anyway .
The state needs to stop taking affirmative consent to signal a non-rape , they mean , because to take it that way would be to `` squash '' all the various ways a woman can be raped into one `` narrative . '' She 's obviously arguing that a woman can and should simply say `` I was raped '' no matter what the circumstances , no matter how explicit the consent , and that the state should then prosecute them `` rapist . ''
Inspired by the recent performance of The Vagina Monologues at CMC , this piece is part of a series of Forum articles by women at CMC about women and sexuality .... You lost me .
posted by Ace at
| Access Comments posted by Ace at 02:50 PM
Recent Comments Recent Entries Search Polls ! Polls ! Polls ! Frequently Asked Questions The ( Almost ) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens Greatest Hitjobs
Virtue theory is “ an approach to Ethics that emphasizes an individual 's character as the key element of ethical thinking , rather than rules about the acts themselves ( Deontology ) or their consequences ( Consequentialism ) . ” Whereas consequentialism says that the ends justify the means , and deontology says that the means justify the ends , virtue theory says that moral character justifies both . It originated with the major Greek philosophers ( Socrates , Plato , and Aristotle ) and “ reached its apotheosis in Aristotle 's ‘ Nicomachean Ethics ' in the 4th Century B.C. ” It was popular in Medieval Christian thought , but its popularity has waned in modern times as deontology and consequentialism have become more popular .
On the other end of the historical timeline , transhumanism is “ the belief or theory that the human race can evolve beyond its current physical and mental limitations , especially by means of science and technology. ” The idea can be traced back to the scientific techno-utopian thinking of Francis Bacon , who listed goals that are common to modern transhumanists at the end of their 1623 novel New Atlantis such as “ prolongation of life , ” “ restitution of youth to some degree , ” “ retardation of age , ” “ mitigation of pain , ” “ increasing of strength and activity , ” “ increasing and exalting of the intellectual parts , ” and “ making of new species. ” The modern transhumanist movement grew out of an early twentieth-century movement called Russian cosmism but only really started to gain attention in the past twenty years , as I described last year in my Odyssey article about transhumanism .
These ideas may seem like polar opposites , since one is based on a classical tradition and the other is a futuristic vision straight out of modern science fiction . However , virtue theory necessarily implies transhumanism , as proven here — and I try not to use the term “ proven ” lightly :
According to virtue theory , increasing certain qualities of people is inherently good . Human nature limits how much those qualities of people can be increased . According to virtue theory , it is good to exceed human nature . ( from 1 and 2 ) Transhumanism is the belief that it is good to exceed human nature . Virtue theory necessarily implies transhumanism . ( from 3 and 4 )
The only quality which human nature does not limit is human nature itself , but as Aristotle recognized , human nature is not inherently good : “ it is clear that none of the moral virtues formed is engendered in us by nature , for no natural property can be altered by habit . [ … ] The virtues therefore are engendered in us neither by nature nor yet in violation of nature ; nature gives us the capacity to receive them , and this capacity is brought to maturity by habit. ” For any given virtue theory to escape its connection to transhumanism , then , it can only tell people to be exactly what they are by nature — which is not a particularly useful ethical theory , especially since “ natural ” does not mean “ good . ”
Aristotle 's virtues as described in Nichomachean Ethics are courage , temperance , liberality and magnificence ( i.e . generosity ) , magnanimity ( i.e . healthy pride ) , ambition , patience , truthfulness , wittiness , friendliness , modesty , and righteous indignation . All of them are psychological qualities which can , in principle , be traced to the functioning of different parts of the brain . People who do not exhibit some virtue will show different functioning in some part ( s ) of the brain than people who do exhibit that virtue . Aristotle said that one should try to increase their virtues through habit , but one could also try to increase their virtues through directly altering the brain .
Consider friendliness as an example . Aristotle defines it as treating others well such that they would call you a good friend , even though they technically may not be your friends . As I described last year , you can only care about roughly 150 people , at least enough to maintain a stable relationship with them . Your brain basically labels everyone else as objects . The number is not 150 for everyone , though — the bigger your prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) is , the more people you can care about , which explains why psychopaths have less gray matter in their PFCs .
As another example , consider the virtue of temperance . Aristotle describes it as control of the appetites for bodily pleasures like food , drink , and sex . Temperance is a balance between pursuing these appetites too much and too little , but they point out that most people who struggle with temperance pursue these appetites too much . Again , this virtue can be traced to the PFC . People who pursue bodily pleasures too much by abusing alcohol , cocaine , opiates , and heroin all have less gray matter in their PFCs . Using magnetic stimulation to enhance the PFC can reduce cravings for nicotine and cocaine .
Any person 's ability to attain Aristotle 's virtues of friendliness and temperance depends on the size and activity of their PFC , so it is good to increase PFC volume and activity using technology . The same can probably be said for all of their other virtues , given that they are linked to the PFC or some other part ( s ) of the brain .
Futuristic technologies like the genetic modification of humans could increase these virtues , and most ( if not all ) others , beyond their natural limits .
Advertisements
A Pennsylvania community is rallying around a woman who was fired from their job at an oral surgeon 's office following their diagnosis with cancer .
Carol Jumper , who lives in Hopewell Township , Pennsylvania , was diagnosed with cancer impacting their pancreas , liver and ovaries in August . According to their fiance , Dennis Smerigan , Jumper received a letter from their boss , Dr. George Visnich , in which the oral surgeon said they were laying them off without compensation . Raging Chicken Press published the letter on Sunday .
`` The symptoms of the disease , the pain medications you will need and the side effects of the chemotherapy will be significant and distracting , ” reads the handwritten note , which bears Visnich 's letterhead . `` You will not be able to function in my office at the level required while battling for your life . Because of this , I am laying you off without pay as of August 11 , 2014 . ''
The letter continues , `` Our thoughts and prayers are with you as you fight this horrible disease . Thanks for your time at Visnich Oral Surgery . I hope your battle is swift , smooth , and successful ! ''
Smerigan told the Beaver Countian that their fiancee worked for Visnich for more than 12 years .
`` He did n't even call her , they have n't even called them once since they got sick , '' Smerigan said .
Visnich 's office did not respond to multiple requests for comment by The Huffington Post . However , Larry Kelly , an attorney for Visnich , told the Beaver County Times that the doctor laid off Jumper so that they could claim unemployment benefits , describing the dismissal as a `` humanitarian thing . ''
`` He 's trying to help this woman and he 's made out to be a villain , '' Kelly said , claiming that their client wrote the letter “ with the understanding that when they are feeling better , they can come back to work . ”
Current and recovering cancer patients are protected against job discrimination under the Americans with Disabilities Act so long as the individual is able to perform the job 's essential functions .
Visnich 's letter went viral in the area after one of Jumper 's friends posted it on their Facebook page . Since then , community members have organized a number of fundraisers on behalf of Jumper , and formed a `` Bumpers Buddies '' Facebook page to rally support .
Timothy Mansfield DeChristopher is an American climate activist and co-founder of the environmental group Peaceful Uprising . In December 2008 , they protested a Bureau of Land Management oil and gas lease auction of 116 parcels of public land in Utah 's redrock country by successfully bidding on 14 parcels of land ( totaling 22,500 acres ) for $ 1.8 million with no intent to pay for them . [ 1 ] DeChristopher was removed from the auction by federal agents and taken into custody , eventually serving 21 months in prison . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Saying they had been rushed into auction with insufficient environmental and scientific review , the United States Department of the Interior canceled many of the leases shortly after the auction and a subsequent court injunction . [ 4 ]
Early life [ edit ]
DeChristopher was born on November 18 , 1981 , in West Milford , West Virginia and grew up in Pittsburgh . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] After graduating from Shady Side Academy , they attended Arizona State University , and moved to Utah in 2005 where they worked as a wilderness guide for troubled and at-risk youth . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] As a guide , DeChristopher emphasized self-reliance skills and respect for the natural world . Their interaction with at-risk youth groups led them to reject what they viewed as a political and economic system that concentrates wealth in the hands of a privileged few while ostracizing vulnerable and impoverished citizens in the U.S. [ 9 ] This conviction later inspired them to study economics at the University of Utah , where they received a bachelor 's degree in 2009 . [ 10 ]
Activism [ edit ]
As an avid reader , DeChristopher developed an interest in the writers and philosophies that have shaped U.S. and global social movements . Their perspective on the American environmental movement highlights the critical role that civil disobedience has played in social movements throughout history , including the civil rights and women 's suffrage movements . [ citation needed ] DeChristopher 's acts of civil disobedience have been compared to those of Rosa Parks by the media , [ 11 ] but DeChristopher has said that their actions are more comparable to those of Alice Paul , [ 12 ] who escalated the women 's rights movement by forcing the government to publicly arrest women protesting on the steps of the capitol and lending visibility to an obscured social movement .
DeChristopher 's actions garnered national attention for later government auctions of public land leases in the final days of the Bush administration . In January 2009 , Judge Ricardo Urbina of the District of Columbia federal district court temporarily halted the sale of 77 parcels , citing BLM violations of environmental laws protecting air quality and historic preservation . In February 2009 , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar shelved 77 disputed lease parcels [ 4 ] – including some on which DeChristopher had bid in 2008 — and criticized Bush administrators for conducting a `` rush review '' of the contested lands .
DeChristopher has expressed the need for similar tactics to end mountaintop removal mining in their home state of West Virginia . [ 13 ] In 2013 , they and numerous other celebrities appeared in a video showing support for Chelsea Manning , [ 14 ] [ 15 ] and DeChristopher spoke in the University of Vermont 's Ira Allen Chapel . In a 2014 climate change protest on Wall Street , DeChristopher expressed their view that `` [ b ] eing serious about tackling the climate crisis means we have to be willing to confront corporate capitalism and the system that is driving that crisis . `` [ 16 ]
Trial [ edit ]
In a 2009 indictment DeChristopher was charged with two felonies : violations of the Federal Onshore Oil and Gas Leasing Reform Act and making false statements . They faced a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and $ 750,000 in fines . [ 17 ]
DeChristopher 's defense team sought to rely on a necessity defense , [ 18 ] which required proof that DeChristopher was forced to choose between two evils and that their actions resulted in the lesser of the two to avoid imminent harm where no legal alternative was available . U.S. District Judge Dee Benson prohibited the defense , precluding any evidence that might have supported it . The court also barred evidence that the lease auction was deemed unlawful , that DeChristopher had raised sufficient funds for an initial payment to the BLM ( which the BLM refused to accept ) , or that DeChristopher 's motives were grounded in moral convictions related to climate change .
Prosecutor John W. Huber told the media that DeChristopher was looking for [ 1 ] `` a prominent venue for their global-warming show — a platform from which they could educate the masses , '' and asserted that DeChristopher had overlooked legal methods of protest . DeChristopher responded in court to the assertion that they could have filed written protests against certain parcels :
[ T ] wo months prior to this auction , . . . a congressional report . . . by the House committee on public lands [ ] stated that it had become common practice for the BLM to take volunteers from the oil and gas industry to process those permits . The oil industry was paying people specifically to volunteer for the industry that was supposed to be regulating it , and it was to this industry staff that I would have been appealing .
DeChristopher also tried to rely on a selective prosecution defense , citing `` political machinations '' behind the indictment and requesting information from federal prosecutors on instances in which individuals or companies reneged on bids for public land but were not prosecuted . Judge Benson denied that request as well .
DeChristopher was convicted on both felony counts .
Sentencing [ edit ]
DeChristopher entering Frank E. Moss United States Courthouse , July 26 , 2011
Protesters from Peaceful Uprising at Tim DeChristopher 's sentencing , July 26 , 2011
In their pre-sentencing statement , DeChristopher said :
[ The prosecutor ] wrote that 'The rule of law is the bedrock of our civilized society , not acts of `` civil disobedience '' committed in the name of the cause of the day ' . That 's an especially ironic statement when they are representing the United States of America , a place where the rule of law was created through acts of civil disobedience . Since those bedrock acts of civil disobedience by our founding fathers , the rule of law in this country has continued to grow closer to our shared higher moral code through the civil disobedience that drew attention to legalized injustice . [ 19 ]
The U.S. Attorney 's office had also argued that `` a federal prison term here will deter others from entering a path of criminal behavior . '' DeChristopher responded :
The certainty of this statement not only ignores the history of political prisoners , it ignores the severity of the present situation . Those who are inspired to follow my actions are those who understand that we are on a path toward catastrophic consequences of climate change . They know their future , and the future of their loved ones , is on the line . And they know we are running out of time to turn things around . The closer we get to that point where it 's too late , the fewer people have to lose by fighting back . The power of the Justice Department is based on its ability to take things away from people . The more that people feel that they have nothing to lose , the more that power begins to shrivel . The people who are committed to fighting for a livable future will not be discouraged or intimidated by anything that happens here today . And neither will I. I will continue to confront the system that threatens our future . Given the destruction of our democratic institutions that once gave citizens access to power , my future will likely involve civil disobedience . Nothing that happens here today will change that . I do n't mean that in any sort of disrespectful way at all , but you do n't have that authority . You have authority over my life , but not my principles . Those are mine alone .
Judge Benson imposed a sentence of two years in prison and a $ 10,000 fine , saying that were it not for their `` continuing trail of statements '' post-auction , DeChristopher might have avoided prosecution and prison . According to the judge , `` The offense itself , with all apologies to people actually in the auction itself , was n't that bad . ''
The sentencing was followed by protests in Salt Lake City , where 26 people were arrested , and other U.S . cities . [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
Incarceration [ edit ]
DeChristopher was initially held at Federal Correctional Institution , Herlong and was later transferred to Federal Correctional Institution , Englewood . [ 22 ]
According to a Peaceful Uprising press release , in March 2012 DeChristopher was moved from a minimum security camp to a restrictive `` special housing unit '' because an email they sent to a friend contained the word `` threaten , '' triggering an alert from the inmate correspondence monitoring system . [ 23 ] [ 24 ] DeChristopher was released on April 21 , 2013 , a day before Earth Day . [ 25 ]
Appeal [ edit ]
DeChristopher appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit , which affirmed the convictions . [ 26 ] It also ruled that the district court could lawfully take into account DeChristopher 's beliefs and statements when imposing the sentence . [ 27 ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros singer Alex Ebert recorded a music video `` Let 's Win '' [ 28 ] showcasing popular support for DeChristopher and scenes from a Salt Lake City protest in March 2011 .
Author Chris Guillebeau 's book , The Art of Non-Conformity , supports DeChristopher 's actions as `` creative acts of protest '' in times when `` morality and law are on opposite sides . `` [ 29 ]
Rolling Stone magazine journalist Jeff Goodell wrote an article on DeChristopher calling them `` America 's Most Creative Climate Criminal . `` [ 30 ]
American author and environmentalist Terry Tempest Williams published an op-ed piece in The Salt Lake Tribune following DeChristopher 's sentence . [ 31 ] [ 32 ]
DeChristopher was named an Utne Reader visionary in 2011 . [ 33 ]
TreeHugger named DeChristopher 2011 Person of the Year on December 16 , 2011 . [ 34 ]
A December 17 , 2011 article in The Salt Lake Tribune named DeChristopher as one of 16 candidates selected by their Editorial Board to be named 2011 Utahn of the Year . [ 35 ]
Bidder 70 , a documentary film about DeChristopher directed by Beth Gage and George Gage , was released in 2012 . [ 36 ] [ 37 ]
A `` Special Treat '' Q & A session was held following the 7:10pm May 17 , 2013 `` Theatrical Opening '' of Bidder 70 at Quad Cinema in NYC . DeChristopher spoke on topics relevant to activist causes , their prison experience and why they plan to attend Harvard Divinity School in the Fall . DeChristopher notably described themselves ( for first time ? ) as an `` anti-government activist '' . Notable among questioners was Gasland director Josh Fox . A complete lightly annotated cell cam video of the session was published on YouTube on May 20 , 2013 . [ 38 ]
DeChristopher was interviewed on television by David Letterman on the Late Show on 25 June 2013 . [ 39 ] [ 40 ] [ 41 ]
Notes [ edit ]
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A study has found that jobseekers are less likely to get an interview if their CVs indicate that they are gay .
The study , conducted by researchers at Anglia Ruskin University , analysed the reactions of employers to 11,098 job applications from young people .
The researchers paired up the CVs of 144 equally-matched young people , half of whom indicated that they had experience helping to run their student union 's LGBT society , and half of whom did not indicate their sexuality .
The pairs – who had similar CVs aside from the identification of sexuality – then sent off applications to a list of employers , and the number of invitations to interviews was recorded .
Researcher Dr Nick Drydakis found that both gay men and lesbians are 5 % less likely to be offered an interview than a straight applicant with similar experience .
It also found that lesbians were least likely to receive interviews for female-dominated jobs including social care , while gay men were least likely to receive interviews for male-dominated professions like banking and accounting .
Dr Drydakis said : “ Because of the limited research carried out so far into the experiences of gays and lesbians in the labour market , the disadvantages and discrimination they experience has gone unnoticed and therefore unchallenged .
“ Despite measures to encourage openness and discourage discrimination , including the introduction of the Equality Act of 2010 , it is evident from my research that gays and lesbians are encountering serious misconceptions and barriers in the job market .
“ It is also clear that people who face biased treatment in the hiring process must spend more time and resources finding jobs , and firms lose potential talent as a result of biased hiring . ”
The study was carried out with the help of 12 students ' unions at universities across the UK .
The participants were all third-year undergraduates , 21 years old , British nationals and unmarried . They were all predicted to achieve an upper second class degree ( 2:1 ) .
( CNN ) — Who needs Fourth of July fireworks when you have Joan Rivers around ?
The comedian known for their lack of self-censoring recently officiated a same-sex wedding and was asked by a photographer if they believed the United States would ever see the first gay or female president . Them response was typical Rivers .
“ We already have it with Obama , so let 's just calm down , ” they said . “ You know Michelle ( Obama ) is a trans . ”
When asked to further explain Rivers said , “ A transgender . We all know it . ”
A representative for Rivers released the following statement to CNN from the comic about their remarks to the photographer :
“ I think it 's a compliment . She 's so attractive , tall , with a beautiful body , great face , does great makeup . Take a look and go back to La Cage Au Follies ( sic ) . The most gorgeous women are transgender . Stop it already … and if you want to talk about ‘ politically correct , ' I think this is a ‘ politically incorrect ' attack on me because I 'm old , Jewish , a woman and a ‘ hetty ' — a heteosexual … and I plan to sue the reporter who , when they turned off their camera , tried to touch me inappropriately on the * * – luckily they hit my ankle . Read the book … if you think that 's silly , wait to ( sic ) you see what I say about FDR and Eleanor ! ”
Rivers is no stranger to controversy . This past April , they refused to apologize after making a comment about Amanda Berry , Michelle Knight and Gina DeJesus . They made the comment on the “ Today ” show after being asked what it 's like to live with their daughter .
They said , “ Those women in the basement of Cleveland have more space . ”
In March 2013 they refused to apologize for a joke they made about the dress “ Project Runway ” host Heidi Klum wore to the Academy Awards .
“ The last time a German looked this hot was when they were pushing Jews into the ovens , ” Rivers said while appearing on the E ! channel 's “ Fashion Police ” show .
The Anti-Defamation League slammed Rivers , calling the remark “ vulgar and hideous , ” but they said it was their way of getting people to talk .
“ It 's a joke , No . 1 . No . 2 it is about the Holocaust , ” they told HLN 's “ Showbiz Tonight . “ This is the way I remind people about the Holocaust . I do it through humor . ”
Of course , this latest dust-up coincides with Rivers ' book , “ Diary of a Mad Diva , ” which was released on July 1 . Rivers ' representative told CNN , “ These are all funny jokes . The book is hysterical . The prologue says if anyone takes anything in the book seriously ( he or she ) is an idiot . And ( Rivers ) says if anyone has a problem with that , they can feel free to call their lawyer Clarence Darrow . ”
Kurdish people waving national flag gather in Qamishli city in northern Syria . AFP file photo
ERBIL , Kurdistan Region - Damascus will not tolerate any mention of a separate region , federal or otherwise , in the north of the country , says a Syrian official , referring to the Kurds ' recent announcement of a federation .
`` Imposing federation and talking about northern Syria is not accepted , '' Basam Abu Abdullah , adviser to the Syrian Ministry of Information told Rudaw .
Any system to run any part of the country should be voted for by the Syrian nation , Abdullah explained .
They added that Kurds are not the only ones living in northern Syria . Aside from Kurds , they said , many other ethnic groups live in the north .
The government advisor also said that `` the Syrian government sees the Kurdish nation as an important and main element in Syria as they are important for Syria and have been effective and important for the history of Syria . ''
Earlier this week , the Democratic Federal System of Northern Syria was declared by the founding members of the self-declared Kurdish enclave in northern Syria .
Tensions between Kurds and the Syrian government have since escalated over the future of the Kurdish autonomous enclave , especially since the liberation of Aleppo by government forces earlier this month where the Kurds were in control of some neighborhoods .
The government asked the Kurdish representatives to drop their demand for a federal system and hoist the Syrian flag on all government buildings and offices .
And on Wednesday Kurdish authorities announced they had dropped the word Rojava -- a Kurdish word for Western Kurdistan -- from the official name of the federation of northern Syria .
The Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) , which is the main group in Syria 's Kurdistan and rules over that area , declared in mid-March that the region was a federal entity within Syria . The PYD has called the new region the Democratic Federal System of Northern Syria and said its government and society will remain polyethnic .
Damascus has since rejected the declaration of the federal region and described the move as “ unlawful action ” that `` jeopardizes the country 's territorial integrity . ''
How to read piano music sheet
10 notes will appear randomly on G clef and F clef , click on the correct note and you will learn how to read notes seamlessly . Enjoy .
6
Points 0 Mistakes 0 Accuracy 0 Serie 0 Time
Do Ré Mi Fa Sol La Si
Play Practice
Rules × You have 30 seconds to get maximum notes
Points × Score 0 Mistakes 0 Points 0 Accuracy 0 Bravo
High-scores Scores are available 30 days
Best players 1 90 pts LAMIREMI 2 55 pts jerrymouse 3 55 pts didpl7 4 46 pts Dragonsnuggle 5 44 pts chromatic 6 39 pts goultch 7 38 pts Lechat 8 38 pts notesyves 9 37 pts music13 10 34 pts SOLFMCT Next Best averages 1 86.3333 LAMIREMI 2 46.3989 didpl7 3 42.6923 Dragonsnuggle 4 41.1540 jerrymouse 5 38.1765 chromatic 6 34.4286 goultch 7 32.6250 Lechat 8 32.4141 notesyves 9 32.1429 music13 10 26.7600 SOLFMCT Next Total points 1 68160 didpl7 2 20577 jerrymouse 3 8298 notesyves 4 2466 herved 5 1414 micatuck 6 1338 SOLFMCT 7 903 emmajolie 8 691 roroguillot 9 675 music13 10 649 chromatic Next Total games 1 1469 didpl7 2 500 jerrymouse 3 256 notesyves 4 218 herved 5 169 emmajolie 6 64 micatuck 7 50 SOLFMCT 8 26 roroguillot 9 24 SOURIS BLANCHE 10 22 laulau Next
Rookie is an online magazine and book series for teenagers . Each month , a different editorial theme drives the writing , photography , and artwork that we publish . Learn more about us here , and find out how to submit your work here !
Rookie is no longer publishing new content , but we hope you 'll continue to enjoy the archives , or books , and the community you 've helped to create . Thank you for seven very special years ! ✴
For this edition of Just Wondering , our tender advice-giver is Victoria Legrand , vocalist and keyboardist for the band Beach House :
For Victoria 's guidance on what to do when you sense that you and a friend are growing apart , how to talk to your parents about “ negative ” emotions , and being free…read on !
I had a really rough time with school and social life in general this year and fall term really kicked me to the ground . Thankfully , a couple of older girls and teachers whom I trust helped me figure things out . However , when I tried to bring up all the negative emotions and scary thoughts I felt to my parents , they seemed very uncomfortable . They brushed the topic away , which really hurt my feelings because it took quite a bit of courage to say those things . Nowadays , whenever I talk to them on the phone ( I go to a boarding school ) , I feel like there 's a huge elephant in the room that no one wants to acknowledge . That makes me want to hang up as soon as possible . I feel terrible about this in general ; what should I do ? Where should I start ? —Yebby , 16 , Concord
You are not alone .
It is a very strange thing sometimes bridging your evolving self with the parents who saw you as an innocent bae . You 've done the best thing you can by looking for older buddies at school and cool teachers . But you do need your family . So , try to figure out your parents ' comfortability when it comes to certain topics . Also , realize there are certain subjects , like sex , drugs , and rock and roll , that your family may not be ready to hear about until you are much older .
Until then , you have music , friends , counselors , yoga , and nature to talk about with your parents . Trust yourself and just remember , your parents are much older and may not be able to handle your revolutions . They have their own comfortable/safe world they created . They may also have judgments they ca n't help but have . You know , just because they are parents , does n't mean they are perfect and know everything . Sometimes we surpass our parents in experiences and knowledge . We are different generations , after all , and will not always relate .
Despite any differences , though , your parents are still legally responsible for you for a few more years . If you feel abandoned , or neglected , you have to voice that to them . If you feel like you are ever in danger , let them know .
Otherwise , just keep in mind that not everybody gets their parents to be their best friends and that 's totally OK. Until then , know they love you and would do anything for you that you really , really needed , but in terms of sharing experiences , you may be better off talking to a pal in the meantime . Try making some art , too ! ! ! Find new ways of expressing yourself other than phone calls and social media . Challenge yourself . Try to answer your own questions as best you can .
Nothing is truly ever normal , but this is one of the most normal parts of growing up : It 's called growing away from your parents/family and into yourself . You 'll meet back up with them at some point , do n't worry . Good luck !
Hiiii ! My best friend—we have known each other since we were nine—and I have been drifting apart . I know this is a really common thing that happens a lot in this ADOLESCENT PHASE OF OUR LIVES , but the thing is that I 'm really sure it 's happening because they think—and has said this to me multiple times—that I 'm annoying . I really do n't think an aspect of my personality has substantially changed in the past year , although I can sometimes sense that I AM being annoying ! ! I do n't know how I should proceed or how to talk about it . I know this sounds BLOB , but I think lately more than half the things I say bother him . Please HELP ! —Martina , 17 , Chile
The number one thing to know at your age , and for the rest of your life , is that almost everything happens for a reason .
Notice this beginning of a long shift of change and becoming . The waves of nausea and anxiety will come and go . All of the questioning , the never-ending searches…the waves will subside and then they will begin again .
One simple , helpful tip : Space is everything . I 'm talking not only personal space , but also social media space . Take a break from analyzing and comparing . You could be creating or seeking out a problem that is probably not as big as you think .
Your longtime childhood friend is feeling something . It could be pressure . They could be feeling suffocated , feeling radical , and in no need of additional energy focused upon him . They may need space . Do n't take it personally . Just be kind , rewind , and step back . Stepping back is very different than turning off .
They may be going through changes they feel YOU can not relate to . So in that time , why do n't you just focus on yourself and see what YOU may discover ? Maybe you can find someone to be annoyed with as well ? ! It 's simply a sign or symptom of growth and change . It 's not going to be a smooth ride adjusting to changes . And irritability is only temporary .
They may also have a crush on you . They could be having a hard time managing their emotions and how to deal with them—aka taking them out on you .
You may also want to take some time for yourself .
Your awareness of yourself at this time will need extra perspective and intuition . And not just the acute awareness of how you appear—but that of your spirit , your vibes , the energy you create and what you put out into the world . The energy you give to people in daily interactions , big and small .
This , my dear 17-year-old blossom , is a lifelong work in progress . We are never done becoming aware . You may not realize bad habits or “ annoying ” traits . Equally , you may not yet realize your talents , or gifts . Either way , you will learn about yourself AS you live your life , not before you live it . You 'll never be perfect—no one is . You will drive someone crazy and be driven crazy as well . You will lose people , and they will lose you . Just know that loving is also letting go , so if your friend needs a break , let them go . They may come back . Just know you did the right thing . BE brave and take a risk . BE free .
And do not be afraid to lose . It 's a risk , and risks are what dreams are made of . Next time they say , “ Hey , you 're annoying me , ” try saying , “ OK , if I am , let me know what I can do or when I could be of help to you. ” And then , just walk away . Do something else . It may be a week , it may be five years , but either way you are both entitled to live your lives the way you want to live them . Free from one another or as friends .
At my graduation from college , Susan Sontag was the speaker . They said , among many other things , “ Life is the accumulation of loss. ” As a younger person , I had a knee-jerk reaction . But as I 've grown older , I understand , more and more , the weight of their words . ♦
Is something in your life puzzling you ? Email your question to [ email protected ] —including your AGE , FIRST NAME/INITIAL/NICKNAME , and CITY—and we 'll try our best to answer it .
A stereotype mold ( `` flong '' ) being made
Seattle Daily Times , ca . 1900 Stereotype casting room of the , ca . 1900
In printing , a stereotype , also known as a cliché , stereoplate or simply a stereo , was a `` solid plate of type metal , cast from a papier-mâché or plaster mould ( called a flong ) taken from the surface of a forme of type '' [ 1 ] and used for printing instead of the original .
In the days of set movable type , printing involved placing individual letters ( called types ) plus other elements ( including leading and furniture ) into a block called a chase . Cumulatively , this full setup for printing a single page was called a forme . Ink was then applied to the forme , pressed against paper and a printed page was made . This process of creating formes was labor-intensive , costly and prevented the printer from using their types , leading , furniture and chases for other work . Furthermore , printers who underestimated demand would be forced to reset the type for subsequent print runs .
By creating a stereotype , printers could easily reprint documents and free their equipment for other work . The stereotype thus changed the way books , especially novels , magazine articles and other popular forms of literature were reprinted , saving printers the expense of resetting while freeing the type for other jobs . [ 2 ]
… while Nathaniel Hawthorne 's publishers assumed that The Scarlet Letter ( 1850 ) would do well , printing an uncharacteristically large edition of 2,500 copies , popular demand for Hawthorne 's controversial `` Custom House '' introduction outstripped supply , prompting Ticknor & Fields to reset the type and to reprint another 2,500 copies within two months of the first publication . Still unaware that they had an incipient classic on their hands , Ticknor & Fields neglected at this time to invest in stereotype plates , and thus were forced to pay to reset the type for a third time just four months later when they finally stereotyped the book . [ 3 ]
English sources often describe the process as having been invented in 1725 by William Ged , who apparently stereotyped plates for the Bible at Cambridge University before abandoning the business . [ 4 ] However , Count Canstein had been publishing stereotyped Bibles in Germany since 1712 and an earlier form of stereotyping from flong was described in Germany in 1702 . It is even possible that the process was used as early as the fifteenth century by Johannes Gutenberg or their heirs for the Mainz Catholicon . Wide application of the technique , with improvements , is attributed to Charles Stanhope in the early 1800s . Printing plates for the Bible were stereotyped in the US in 1814 . [ 5 ]
Etymologies [ edit ]
Over time , stereotype became a metaphor for any set of ideas repeated identically or with only minor changes . In fact , cliché and stereotype were both originally printers ' words , and in their printing senses became synonymous . However , cliché originally had a slightly different meaning , being an onomatopoeic word for the sound that was made during the process of striking a block into molten type–metal during another form of stereotyping , later called in English `` dabbing '' . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
The term stereotype derives from Greek στερεός ( stereos ) `` solid , firm '' [ 8 ] and τύπος ( tupos ) `` blow , impression , engraved mark '' [ 9 ] and in its modern sense was coined in 1798 .
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
The uncertain fate of net neutrality is a hot button issue across all industry sectors , and the emerging legal cannabis market is no exception .
The free flow of information faces its greatest threat since the superhighway found its way to the masses — this is a big deal for cannabis .
Few things have helped marijuana change its cultural identity from Spicoli falling out of a van to Sanjay Gupta watching cannabis end a child 's seizure than the internet . So any changes to how it works could have major impacts on the emerging legal industry .
“ Net neutrality ” is a popular term these days . The basics ( for the uninitiated ) are this : internet service providers currently have to treat all data on the internet the same , no matter where it 's from . Say you want to look up Sprint phones on your Verizon smartphone — net neutrality prevents Verizon from making the competing Sprint website load at speeds so slow you may have been better off with a carrier pigeon .
But could this possibly have an effect on the pot industry ? The possibilities are endless — just take Instagram . Want that bud shot to load a bit faster , or get that auction sniping comment in on time to get that sweet Mothership ? Imagine having to pay an entry fee just to get into the auction : Your ISP could very well charge you extra to access Instagram at reasonable speeds , otherwise , you 'll be lucky if your videos upload before your phone battery dies .
It could get far more nefarious than that of course . The cannabis industry is synonymous with big data . These days , in many cases , distributors are using seed to sale tracking systems they rent as software , which means massive quantities of streaming data . All the information that 's required to change hands by law could end up being a potential cash cow for ISPs , and without specific protections from this , it only takes one clever capitalist .
Most importantly , what impact will net neutrality have on the democratic process — will we achieve a whole new level of pay to play politics , making it nearly impossible to organize at the grassroots level for change ? If not for those grassroots activists online , many places where cannabis laws have changed drastically in the past two decades would still be singing a different tune — it goes handcuffs , handcuffs , cha , cha , cha .
Erik Altieri , Executive Director of the nation 's oldest cannabis reform organization , NORML , said the chilling effect on grassroots activism could be pronounced .
“ One of the main reasons that we 've been able to build majority support for legalization so quickly over the past decade is because of the rise of social media and the internet more broadly , ” Altieri said . “ By removing information gatekeepers from the equation , Americans were able to more readily access information and do their own research on the benefits and risks of reforming our nation 's marijuana policies and to easily organize fellow supporters to take action . ”
Altieri believes If we lose true net neutrality in this country , it will have a broad and debilitating effect on the ability of — not just the marijuana legalization movement — but all social movements that are working to educate the public and rally support for their cause .
“ Our nation should be looking for more ways to open up access to information , not implementing policies that would hinder the free flow of knowledge for the benefit of the few companies who control the telecommunications industry and major media , ” they said . “ NORML stands fully in support of the struggle to ensure the continued existence of net neutrality . ”
Change.org is among the organizations spearheading the effort to save net neutrality . Their Director of Campaigns and Partnerships , Jonathan Perri , pointed to the struggles cannabis efforts have already had to deal with just around regular campaign practices online .
“ Without strong net neutrality rules , it 's completely possible that an ISP could block the website for a political campaign or online petition that they disagree with , ” Perri said . “ Considering that campaigns for marijuana legalization have run into online advertising troubles before , net neutrality is important for these movements . ”
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has also helped lead the fight to save net neutrality for years . EFF Staff Attorney Kit Walsh told Cannabis Now the cannabis industry highlights multiple major impacts that could happen .
“ First , small businesses rely on their customers ' being able to reach them , ” Walsh said . “ When the big incumbents — either within the cannabis industry or in the tobacco or alcohol business — are able to pay for better access , that helps them cement market dominance and hurts small business . Second , cannabis legalization is a politically contested issue . Nonprofits and grassroots organizations are at a disadvantage on a non-neutral internet because moneyed interests on the other side can pay for a leg up . Repealing the current net neutrality protections would mean that small players have less of a voice . ”
Etienne Fontan helps lead one of the internet 's most beloved weekly pot chats , Hash Church , and is a co-owner of one of the nation 's top dispensaries — Berkeley Patients Group . He 's also chaired the board of the National Cannabis Industry Association , which they still serve on .
We asked Fontan what they believed the end of a free internet might mean to the industry they have served in since the beginning .
“ The freedom to speak freely and openly is key to the further success of the cannabis market as a whole , ” Fontan said . “ With states considering censoring and not allowing producers , manufacturers and growers to advertise , it sets a dangerous precedent . ”
Fontan added that net neutrality is key to allowing all people to capitalize on the new found freedoms of decriminalization .
“ Censorship harms everyone , and if pharmaceutical companies and alcohol companies — including hard liquor — [ can advertise ] , then we should have an equal seat at the table , ” they said .
For Cy Scott , the CEO and co-founder of Headset , not having a free and open internet is a “ real negative for the nation and for the cannabis industry . ”
“ The cannabis industry already has a number of difficulties , from banking to insurance to legislation issues , ” Scott said . “ Adding having to negotiate for preferred data rates is one more compounding element that makes operating in this market even tougher . The cannabis industry is one of startups , and startups have the most to lose with the removal of net neutrality . ”
TELL US , where do you stand on net neutrality ?
Nobody doubts the United States is in need of reforming copyright law .
Register of Copyrights Maria Pallante told a House congressional subcommittee Wednesday that everything from anticircumvention provisions and fair use to length of copyright and performance royalties should be on the table .
The hearing comes a month after the White House announced publicly that Americans should be able to unlock their mobile phones and use them with any compatible carrier they choose . The announcement was in response to a Copyright Office directive that mobile-phone unlockers could be subject to criminal or civil penalties – which prompted a massive public outcry that reforming copyright law was long overdue .
But any change to the copyright regime is likely to come at a snail 's pace , Pallante , the head of the Copyright Office , told the House Subcommittee on Courts , Intellectual Property and the Internet as they discussed what they termed the `` Next Great Copyright Act . ''
`` A few years of solid drafting and revision is what you 're really looking at if you want to do something , '' they said .
Among other things , they suggested bolstering criminal penalties for copyright infringement .
`` Exclusive rights will just not be meaningful if there is no way to enforce them , '' they said .
The last time Congress dealt with copyright was in 1998 , when it passed the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
Blogs , search engines , e-commerce sites , video and social-networking portals are thriving today in large part due to the notice-and-takedown regime ushered in by the much-maligned copyright overhaul . When the DMCA was enacted , these innovations were unheard of , embryonic or not yet conceived . Now , Google has grown into one of the world 's largest companies , and its video-sharing site YouTube has left an enduring mark on public discourse .
The DMCA 's notice-and-takedown provision grants immunity to so-called `` intermediaries '' – ISPs , for example – for any copyright infringement by their users . To earn that `` safe harbor , '' the intermediary ( such as video-sharing site YouTube ) must promptly remove material if the copyright holder sends a takedown notice .
But there are also some downsides to the law . It dictates that `` no person shall circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title '' – language that , for example , blocks a DVD owner from legally copying a disc they have lawfully purchased or a cellphone owner from altering software that dictates a phone 's carrier .
`` You should look at the efficacy of the DMCA , '' Pallante said .
Then there 's the Copyright Act of 1976 , the other main copyright law in the United States . Among other things , it allows for fines of up to $ 150,000 per violation , such as sharing a copyright-protected song on a peer-to-peer network .
None of the lawmakers suggested that the fines were too big . And the Supreme Court on Monday let stand a $ 220,000 jury verdict against infamous file-sharer Jammie Thomas of Minnesota , who the Recording Industry Association of America sued for illegally sharing 24 songs .
While Pallante was not suggesting that file sharing should be legal , they said there may be instances in which making copies of protected works should be authorized under a concept known as `` fair use . ''
`` Not every reproduction , '' they said , `` is a reproduction with a capital R . ''
PARIS — The eurozone economy perked up again this month , a private sector report showed on Friday , powered by continuing strength in Germany and surprisingly strong growth in France .
Purchasing managers across the eurozone , the 19-nation currency union , reported increased backlogs of work and an improvement in demand , leading companies to add workers at the fastest pace since August 2011 , according to a survey by Markit Economics , a data analysis firm in London .
Markit 's composite output index for the eurozone came in at 53.5 for February , up from 52.6 in January . A number above 50 signals that the economy is expanding , while a figure below that suggests contraction . The purchasing managers ' data is thought by economists to provide one of the best snapshots of the economy .
Production of official data for the eurozone , compiled from the 19 countries ' national statistics agencies , tends to lag behind similar data for the United States and other developed countries .
As the clock ticks down to­ward a pos­sible gov­ern­ment shut­down , Sen. Tom Har­kin , D-Iowa , is n't hold­ing back .
On the Sen­ate floor be­fore 10 a.m. Fri­day , the sen­at­or gave a speech de­scrib­ing how Amer­ic­an polit­ics have reached the level at which “ a small group of will­ful men and wo­men who have a cer­tain ideo­logy ” — read : the tea party and Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas — have been able to take over the con­gres­sion­al budget de­bate in the last week . “ Since they ca n't get their way , ” Har­kin said , “ they 're go­ing to cre­ate this con­fu­sion and dis­course and hope that the pub­lic will be so mixed up in who is to blame for this , that they 'll blame both sides . ”
This is n't just con­gres­sion­al busi­ness as usu­al , Har­kin said . It 's much , much more dire :
It 's dan­ger­ous . It 's very dan­ger­ous . I be­lieve , Mr. Pres­id­ent , we are at one of the most dan­ger­ous points in our his­tory right now . Every bit as dan­ger­ous as the break-up of the Uni­on be­fore the Civil War .
This is n't the first time the sen­at­or has spoken out about the spiral­ing budget and the fight over Obama­care . Har­kin sug­ges­ted Thursday that Cruz looked “ fool­ish ” for their “ little tirade ” that las­ted from Tues­day af­ter­noon un­til Wed­nes­day morn­ing . Har­kin called out Cruz as be­ing part of “ the most ex­treme tea-party wing ” of their party , and for their “ ideo­logy-driv­en ob­struc­tion­ism . ”
Of course , it 'd be a stretch to think that the United States is on the cusp of any­thing as vi­ol­ent as the Civil War . But the con­sequences of a gov­ern­ment shut­down or top­ping over the debt ceil­ing could be massively harm­ful for the U.S. eco­nomy , wheth­er you 're look­ing at the pos­sib­il­ity of a down­grade in U.S. cred­it or just the shut­down in pay­ments and ser­vices with thou­sands of gov­ern­ment em­ploy­ees out of work .
Har­kin is n't the first to pull out a dra­mat­ic his­tor­ic­al ana­logy on the Sen­ate floor this week , either . Dur­ing their 21-plus hour speech , Cruz hearkened back to Nazi Ger­many for a com­par­is­on to “ pun­dits ” who think Obama­care can­not be de­feated :
If we go to the 1940s , Nazi Ger­many — look , we saw it in Bri­tain . Neville Cham­ber­lain told the Brit­ish people : Ac­cept the Nazis . Yes , they will dom­in­ate the con­tin­ent of Europe , but that is not our prob­lem . Let 's ap­pease them . Why ? Be­cause it ca n't be done . We can­not pos­sibly stand against them . In Amer­ica there were voices who listened to that ; I sus­pect the same pun­dits who said it could n't be done . If this had happened in the 1940s , we would have been listen­ing to them . Even then they would have made tele­vi­sion . They would have got­ten bey­ond the car­ri­er pi­geons and let­ters and they would have been on TV say­ing : You can­not de­feat the Ger­mans .
Sen. John Mc­Cain , R-Ar­iz. , later pil­lor­ied Cruz on the floor for the com­par­is­on .
So , for those of you keep­ing track at home : With just three days to go un­til a pos­sible gov­ern­ment shut­down , we 've already had com­par­is­ons to Nazi Ger­many and the Civil War . And we 're surely not done yet .
Autopsy shows Paris police shot Liu Shaoyao through the heart
The results of an autopsy on the body of a Chinese national shot dead by a French police officer in Paris on Sunday night concluded that the man was killed by a gunshot to the heart .
The death of the man , identified as Liu Shaoyao , a 56-year-old Chinese national , has caused uproar among Paris ' Chinese community as well as in China . The French police claim Liu was shot as an act of `` legitimate defense '' against `` an assailant with scissors , '' after the police were called to deal with a `` domestic dispute . ''
The French authorities confirmed on Tuesday that they were investigating the shooting . The police officer who shot Liu is on sick leave according to a police source .
The police are following two investigations related to the case - firstly a police inquiry into whether Liu was intending to carry out `` first-degree murder '' against the police officer , and secondly an inquest by the national French police disciplinary body into the use of a lethal weapon by the police officer .
People hold a sign reading `` Police = protection ? '' during a protest in Paris on March 28 , 2017 , following the death of Liu Shaoyao . / CFP Photo
Police say the officer who fired the shots acted in self-defense . However , Liu 's family says the shooting was unprovoked , claiming the reason Liu - who spoke little French - was at the door with a pair of scissors , was because they were preparing a fish for dinner .
Liu 's daughters said Liu saw the plainclothes police officer through the door viewer , but they were afraid to open the door . The police smashed the door in , and upon seeing Liu holding the scissors , shot him .
`` Liu Shaoyao had no psychiatric disorders . No history of domestic violence . And they were not an alcoholic ” , the family 's lawyer said .
In February , the French Senate approved new legislation that gave police officers more rights to use their weapons . The new law , according to RT , gave officers the right to use their weapons `` in cases of absolute necessity , '' when “ armed persons threaten their lives or their physical integrity or those of others . ”
According to French media , Wednesday evening saw protests against Liu 's shooting and police brutality continue in the French capital , as demonstrations were held outside the Hotel de Ville in the city center . No arrests were made , but two protesters and six security officers were injured in clashes .
Hundreds of protesters had gathered in Paris ' 19th arrondissement where Liu was shot dead on Monday and Tuesday , with demonstrations descending into violence on both nights . 35 were arrested on Monday evening , with four of those arrested still in police custody .
Lu Kang , the spokesperson of China 's Foreign Ministry . / CFP Photo
China has called for overseas Chinese living in France to react rationally amid the protests over the shooting .
`` We understand the reactions of Chinese people to this incident , and hope they can exercise restraint , avoid repeating such conflicts and escalating tensions , '' sad Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang during a daily briefing on Wednesday .
Related Stories :
Sergio Ramos has two years remaining on their contract with Real Madrid
Manchester United target Sergio Ramos will not leave Real Madrid this summer , according to the Spanish club 's boss Rafael Benitez .
United bid £28m for the 29-year-old Spain defender but it was rejected by Real , who want United keeper David De Gea .
But Benitez said : `` I see Sergio as an integral part of our team . He 's a winner and that 's what we need .
`` The president has already commented that they are staying with the club . ''
The former Liverpool and Chelsea boss , who was appointed by Real in June , added : `` I have spoken to Ramos at length in the summer about their ideas , about their future .
`` For me , they are an enormous professional . They do everything that the team and I ask of him . ''
Real Madrid 's Sergio Ramos and Manchester United 's David De Gea are Spain team-mates
United had hoped to use Real 's interest in Spain goalkeeper De Gea in an attempt to sign Ramos , believing the defender was keen to move after the Spanish club failed to offer them an extension to their contract , which expires in 2017 .
Ramos is part of the Real squad on a pre-season tour of Australia and China and reports have suggested they will be named club captain this season following the departure of Iker Casillas to Porto .
Ramos scored Real 's injury-time equaliser in their Champions League final victory over Atletico Madrid in 2014 and has made 445 appearances for the club since joining from Sevilla in 2005 .
They have 128 Spain caps and was in the starting line-up as they won Euro 2008 , the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012 .
Chernobyl should not be confused with a dead city Prupyat . It has a long and nice history being one of the oldest cities of Rus ' . It was first mentioned back in 1193 . By the beginning of the XXth century it had population of seventeen thousand people .
The city was named “ Chernobyl ” after a plant growing there – mugwort which is pronounced in Russian like “ chernobylnik ” .
The first impression of the city – it 's not dead ! Its streets are cleaned , lawns – cut , five-storey houses have no “ eye-sockets ” of empty windows . Even buses go from Kiev to its bus station ( you should have a permit to use them though ) . The city still has some functioning shops with a range of goods like in a village , it has all community facilities , a hotel , a canteen and much more .
At the bus station .
Smooth roads and fresh marking .
The city has a lot of flowers . To the right is a hotel – two-storey house built in 1967 where one can stay overnight for 10 bucks . It is like any other hotel of the Soviet past – cheap and cold and dirty , with no hot water , but with perfectly clean linen . Nearby is a canteen/cafe with a waiter in a national Ukrainian dress .
Even if flats are empty they are not plundered .
Still many buildings are abandoned .
Empty house of communication .
There are no many people in the streets . No children and old people at all . Only about 10 % are women . Breathless silence at night – no dog will ever bark , no car will make any sound…
Former movie-theater “ Ukraine ” ( 1964 ) became a grocery store later and today it 's a museum . What babies will contaminate storks bring ?
Readers explain why they choose to be child-free
Neoleg / Shutterstock
Slate recently asked readers who are child-free and happy to let us know all about it—and did you ever ! We 're posting some of our favorite responses on the blog this week .
Name : Monica Trombley
Location : Queens , New York
One of the main reasons I 'm child-free is the fact that I 'm an attorney who 's seen and heard many stories about kids being treated horribly by their parents . I personally grew up in a household with an alcoholic father and a mother who put their presence in the household over the well being of me and my sister . When I was 7 years old , I was telling my mother they should get a divorce because my father was that bad . They would get drunk all the time , destroy our house , yell , scream , embarrass us in front of people . They got so many DWIs they ended up in jail for a time and was even on house arrest , complete with a monitoring device that would make noise at random when you were on the phone . My household situation was a well-guarded secret , something I did n't share with people for fear they 'd not talk to me or would make fun of me for it . To this day , I resent my mother for putting my father ahead of us and continuing to live in denial about how bad it really was .
I 'm not sure exactly when I became child-free . I never even pictured myself getting married and having kids out of wedlock was taboo in my family , especially with my mother . I always wanted to have a career and knew I was destined to do more than be a mommy like everyone else around me . In fact , I did not want to get married since I viewed marriage as giving up my identity and who I was as a person . I saw so many couples who did things they hated just for their spouse ; I felt that if a guy really loved me , he 'd never ask me to give up my career or to leave a place I loved . Perhaps I did n't want to have kids since I felt it would make me more like my mother , whose life I did n't want to emulate at all . I vowed not to be poor since that was presented to me as a major reason for my parents ' unhappy marriage and why my childhood was the way it was . I view children in much the same way ; so many people give up their dreams and their lives for their kids and put so much pressure on them to do what the parents never got to .
I got a tubal at 26 years old and had to fight to get one despite a ) living in NYC , b ) being married to a man as adamantly child-free as me , c ) working in not one but two fields that are well-known for being unfriendly to kids ( law and entertainment ) . The paternalistic treatment of doctors telling me they were going to “ talk [ me ] out of it ” still ticks me off ( this happened in 2007 ) but what really took the cake was one doctor who outright lied to us about their willingness to respect my reproductive rights and our right to make decisions for our own family . They ended up changing their mind about doing the surgery and I found a specialist in Manhattan to do it after deciding I was going to lie about the circumstances for getting one .
Why should an adult woman be forced to lie to their doctor about why they want to be sterilized ? Why ca n't they just sign paperwork not to sue and be done with this issue ? Why should lawsuits against surgeons for women who “ change their mind ” even be allowed ? As a lawyer , I proposed to sign paperwork to prevent that issue every single time I asked about getting a tubal and still had doctors trying to talk me out of it . I never saw any of these doctors offering to pay for these hypothetical kids or gaining the weight and taking the damage to a woman 's body that happens because of pregnancy . Maybe they should personally be found liable when some deadbeat mother has a kid and abuses it or lets their boyfriend do it . Then , they might think twice about this baby pushing they 're doing .
In sum , I think kids deserve mature adults who love them and are willing to take on the responsibility and self-sacrifice to be a proper parent . No one should be forced into it . The only people proposing that everyone have kids have either not been watching the news in the past 30 years or are completely and hopelessly naive to the real world .
Previously in this series :
No Kids for Me , Thanks : I Value My Professional Mobility
No Kids for Me , Thanks : I 'd Rather Die Alone
No Kids for Me , Thanks : I Do n't Enjoy Alien-Parasites
CLOSE Ryan Jones , former Hug High School and ex-NFL player , was shot and killed in Reno . On Monday , Jones ' popular hashtag , # IBVibiN , began circulating on social media with friends paying homage to him . Sarah Litz/RGJ
Ryan Jones played for Montana Tech before signing deals with two NFL teams . ( Photo : Photo courtesy of Montana Tech )
Ryan Jones , a former linebacker who signed contracts with two NFL teams , was shot and killed Sunday evening , their former high school coach and the Washoe County ( Nev. ) Medical Examiner 's Office confirmed Tuesday . They were 26 .
About 8:20 p.m. Sunday , officers were called to the 200 block of Talus Way , north of Rancho San Rafael Park , where they found three men who 'd been shot . One of the men – later identified as Jones – died at the scene .
The other victims were transported to a local hospital with non-life threatening conditions .
Reno Police Department spokesperson Officer Tim Broadway said they could not comment on the circumstances the LED up to the shooting as of Tuesday afternoon .
`` We ca n't go into details yet because it 's an ongoing investigation , '' they said . Broadway said `` several people '' were still being interviewed .
Rollins Stallworth , Jones ' football coach at Hug High in Reno , said they started receiving a deluge of texts Monday morning about their former player . Stallworth said Jones touched a lot of people during their life .
“ We 're all mourning this horrible tragedy and hopefully we can get past this and stay very positive on what Ryan was able to accomplish and pursue in their short lifespan , ” Stallworth said .
Jones played for Montana Tech from 2011-13 . Jones jumped onto NFL scouting radars with a strong pro day . They are n't selected in the 2014 NFL draft but signed a free-agent deal with the Baltimore Ravens .
Jones was the first Montana Tech player to sign an NFL contract .
“ He was the perfect example and perfect role model for kids who thought it was Division I or bust , '' Stallworth said . `` He showed that if you give it your all and play really hard , there 's a college and a level for you . Their ego was n't too big that they would n't go to junior college and their ego was n't too big that they would n't go to Montana Tech at that level and excel , and they still got an opportunity with two NFL teams . ''
Jones was waived by the Ravens a month after signing and given an injury settlement . In 2015 , Jones was signed by the New York Giants before being waived again with an injury settlement two months later .
After their football career ended , Jones spent time training in mixed martial arts at a Reno gym . Their last fight was May 20 when they won a King of the Cage match at the Silver Legacy Casino Resort .
“ He was really positive , had a lot of friends , made a lot of friends quickly , '' Stallworth said . `` But they are n't afraid of hard work . That 's what they always had to do . They always are told that they are n't good enough to do this or that , they are n't big enough or was n't strong enough .
`` Here 's a guy who went through high school with people telling them that , through junior college and they told them that , went to NAIA and they told them that , went to the pros and they told them that and ultimately they went into MMA and they told them that . ”
On Monday , Jones ' popular hashtag , # IBVibiN , began circulating social media with friends paying homage to Jones . The hashtag was shorthand for `` I Be Vibing , '' meaning to always have a positive attitude and do all you can to be great .
Siva Ali , 35 , said they knew Jones for more than five years . What first started as a working relationship – Ali was Jones 's tattoo artist – developed into a friendship .
`` Everything that happened to them just does n't match everything they were about , '' Ali said . `` He was the good guy . When Ryan would come into the room , you would notice him . He 's so tall and so big and had a good smile . ... They were the big fish . ''
Ali said Jones was always talking about their future and their family , two subjects Ali said Jones was passionate about .
`` He did well for himself , '' Ali said . `` He had their life together . He 's just gone too soon . ''
Stallworth said they will remember Jones as a kind , respectful , humble , hard-working kid who pursued their dreams .
“ He did n't have any fears and ultimately that lack of fear got them into the situation they got into the other night , '' Stallworth said . `` Ryan accepted challenges . They never backed down from a challenge . They were married to their career . The last three or four years that I 've seen at the barber shop or in the community , they were busting their butt working out with Duke Williams and Courtney Gardner ( both Hug alums who also signed NFL contracts ) trying to make a pro career or they were doing their MMA workouts . They were driven to become a success . ”
Murray and Litz write for the Reno Gazette-Journal , part of the USA TODAY Network .
PHOTOS : Sports figures who died in 2017
One of the things I find interesting about big data is that , like cloud computing , it strikes me as a marketing term more than an accurate technology descriptor . As an industry we 've been doing a version of both for a long , long time . Now that big data has everyone 's attention , two issues immediately should come to mind :
Do you have the IT staff who can define what big data is for you and what 's required to carry it off successfully ? Do you have colleagues who understand why you might need big data and can develop use cases that will drive the business ?
These are always the first questions I ask : “ What do you need , and why do you need it ? ” In my 28 years of experience , nine times out of ten there will be a pregnant pause and a blank stare , because people are focused too much on the how of their request — I need an iPad , I need a database , I need social media — than on the business case . If they do n't have a proper value proposition in mind for an initiative like big data , it 's time for a deeper discussion .
A Volkswagen body with a Ferrari engine
When I arrived at Pharmavite a few years ago we had just purchased a business intelligence platform , big data tools and a host of other technologies . What we lacked , in part , was the strategy and the team to put them together to support a business need . It was like a Ferrari engine stuck into a Volkswagen chassis . Again , a how before a why . By asking those why questions about our business , we 've come up with six corporate IT strategies to accelerate the smart growth of our company . One , for example , is what we call our Enterprise Information Management strategy . This strategy encompasses business intelligence , document management and other capabilities that feel right for us and where we need our company to go .
Big data needs the right process , and big skills
To demonstrate that IT should have a more proactive role on big data-level initiatives , we are starting to become more integrated within the business to better understand business needs and process so we can bring what I call our “ what 's possible ” thinking to the company . If people do n't know what 's possible , after all , how do they know what they need and why they need it ? A big part of IT 's real job is to help tell the business what 's possible with technology and discuss that openly . That dovetails nicely with the “ What do you need ? Why do you need it ? ” conversation , which opens up necessary details about process , simplification , and finally technology enablement .
Now , with a more Agile process , better change management , and the right IT staff , we 're in a great position to build big data solutions for the company . Providing , of course , that people always can make a convincing case for the why .
ALSO READ
An interview with Austin Park , senior vice president and chief technology officer for Paragon Development Systems , in which they share , `` Three ways for CIOs to handle big data . ''
Brian Beams joined Pharmavite LLC ( the makers of Naturemade vitamins & SOYJOY fruit/soy bars ) in June 2010 and is responsible for determining the strategic direction of the company 's IT solutions , infrastructure and technology operations , as well as the company 's customer and consumer-facing technologies . Brian began their career with 14 years as a technology consultant with Andersen Consulting 's ( aka Accenture ) worldwide technical services group , rising to the level of Associate Partner while based in Chicago , IL .
`` Many people in Germany have legitimate concerns about the spread of radical Islamic ideology , which promotes violence against non-Muslims , robs women and girls of their natural rights , and seeks to require the application of Sharia law .... Because the rule of law , tolerance and freedom of religion are fundamental Western values , the PEGIDA movement must leave no doubt that it is precisely these values that it seeks to defend . '' — Bernd Lucke , leader , Alternative for Germany Party and professor of macroeconomics , Hamburg University .
Despite efforts by German politicians and the media to portray PEGIDA as neo-Nazi , the group has taken great pains to distance itself from Germany 's extreme right . The group says that it is `` apolitical '' and that its main objective is to preserve what is left of Germany 's Judeo-Christian culture and values .
There is a mounting public backlash over what many perceive as the government 's indifference to the growing influence of Islam in German society . This backlash represents a potentially significant turning point .
Thousands of German citizens have been taking to the streets to protest the growing `` Islamization '' of their country .
The protests are part of a burgeoning grassroots movement made up of ordinary citizens who are calling for an end to runaway immigration and the spread of Islamic Sharia law in Germany .
The guardians of German multiculturalism are fighting back : they are seeking to delegitimize the protesters by branding them as `` neo-Nazis '' and by claiming that the Islamization of Germany is a myth contrived by misinformed citizens .
But there is a mounting public backlash over what many perceive as the government 's indifference to the growing influence of Islam in German society . This backlash represents a potentially significant turning point—one that implies that the days of unrestrained German multiculturalism may be coming to an end .
The latest protest took place in the eastern German city of Dresden on December 8 , when more than 10,000 people defied freezing temperatures to express their displeasure with Germany 's lenient asylum policies .
Germany—which is facing an unprecedented influx of asylum seekers , including many from Muslim countries—is now the second most popular destination in the world for migrants , after the United States .
The Dresden protest was organized by a new citizens initiative , `` Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the West , '' better known by its German abbreviation , PEGIDA , short for `` Patriotische Europäer gegen die Islamisierung des Abendlandes . ''
PEGIDA , which has been organizing so-called `` evening walks '' ( Abendspaziergang ) through downtown Dresden every Monday evening since October , has seen the number of protesters increase exponentially from week to week .
PEGIDA on a Monday `` evening walk '' in Dresden , November 10 , 2014 . ( Image source : Filmproduktionen video screenshot )
Similar anti-Islamization protests have been held in the western German cities of Hannover , Kassel and Düsseldorf , where 400 people showed up on December 8 for demonstration organized by a PEGIDA offshoot , named DÜGIDA .
These protests are similar to , but separate from , other mass demonstrations organized in Cologne and other German cities by a group called Hooligans against Salafists , or HoGeSa .
PEGIDA was launched by Lutz Bachmann , a 41-year-old Dresden native with no background in politics , after government officials in the eastern German state of Saxony announced that they would be opening more than a dozen new shelters to house some 2,000 refugees .
Bachmann says that they are not opposed to legitimate asylum seekers , but that they are against so-called economic refugees who are taking advantage of Germany 's generous asylum laws in order to benefit from the country 's cradle-to-grave social welfare system . According to Bachmann , most of the asylum seekers in Saxony are males who have left their families behind in war-torn Muslim countries .
Despite efforts by German politicians and the media to portray PEGIDA as neo-Nazi , the group has taken great pains to distance itself from Germany 's extreme right . PEGIDA 's motto is `` We are the people ! '' ( Wir sind das Volk ! ) , the same slogan used by East Germans to bring down the Berlin Wall in 1989 . The group says that it is `` apolitical '' and that its main objective is to preserve what is left of Germany 's Judeo-Christian culture and values .
Ahead of the march on December 8 , PEGIDA posted the following call to action :
`` Dear friends , dear fellow citizens , dear patriots ! Monday is PEGIDA Day and today too we want to show that we are peaceful . Bring your friends and neighbors and let us show the counter-demonstrators that we are not xenophobic . ''
Placards displayed by protesters in Dresden included slogans such as `` Against Religious Fanaticism , '' `` United against a Holy War on German Soil , '' `` Homeland Security Rather than Islamization , '' and `` For the Future of our Children . '' There was no visible sign of neo-Nazi propaganda at the event .
On December 10 , PEGIDA published a `` Position Paper '' outlining what the group is `` for '' and `` against '' in 19 bullet points . These include :
`` 1 . PEGIDA is FOR the acceptance of asylum seekers from war zones , or those who are subject to political and religious persecution . This is a human duty ! ''
`` 2 . PEGIDA is FOR amending the Basic Law of the Federal Republic of Germany to include a list of the right and the responsibility for immigrants to integrate . ''
`` 9 . PEGIDA is FOR a zero-tolerance policy vis-à-vis asylum seekers and migrants who commit crimes in Germany . ''
`` 13 . PEGIDA is FOR maintaining and protecting our Judeo-Christian Western culture . ''
`` 16 . PEGIDA is AGAINST the establishment of parallel societies/parallel legal systems in our midst , such as Sharia Law , Sharia Police , and Sharia Courts , etc . ''
`` 18 . PEGIDA is AGAINST religious radicalism , regardless of whether it is religiously or politically motivated . ''
`` 19 . PEGIDA is AGAINST hate preachers , regardless of religious affiliation . ''
In a classic case of shooting the messenger rather than heeding the message , German politicians have dismissed PEGIDA protesters as ignorant and racist .
German Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière characterized PEGIDA as `` shameless , '' adding : `` We have no danger of Islamization , certainly not in Saxony or Dresden with 2.2 % immigrant population . ''
In an interview with the German newsmagazine Der Spiegel , Justice Minister Heiko Maas said :
`` There are limits to the political battle of ideas . All political parties should clearly distance themselves from these protests . We can not be silent if a xenophobic atmosphere is being built on the backs of people who have lost everything and come to us for help : We have to be clear that the demonstrators are not the majority . ''
A politician with the ruling Christian Democratic Union [ CDU ] , Wolfgang Bosbach , warned that the protests represented the `` anchoring of radical views in the heart of society . ''
But Bachmann says the protests will continue until there are changes to Germany 's asylum policies . `` We do not want to launch a political party or start a revolution , '' they said . `` But we need to talk openly about the asylum issue . ''
Meanwhile , the Christian Social Union [ CSU ] , the Bavarian partner of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's CDU , has watered down a demand that migrants settling in Germany on a permanent basis should speak German at home .
The `` politically incorrect '' proposal appeared in a draft policy paper on December 7 . Following an outcry , the proposal was quickly amended to read that migrants who want to live in Germany permanently should be `` motivated , '' rather than `` obliged , '' to speak German `` in daily life , '' rather than `` in public and within the family . ''
In October , it emerged that so many asylum seekers were converging on Bavaria that they needed to be housed in tents normally used for the annual Oktoberfest .
In September , the governor of Bavaria and leader of the CSU party , Horst Seehofer , called for the return of border controls with Austria to stem the tide of refugees seeking asylum in Germany .
The Schengen Agreement , which entered into effect in 1995 , abolished internal borders within the European Union , enabling passport-free movement between most countries within the bloc .
Although international law holds that migrants are supposed to claim asylum in the first country they reach , many are taking advantage of Europe 's open borders to claim asylum in Germany after first passing through Italy and Austria .
Seehofer also lashed out at Italian authorities , who they said are not doing enough to stop the flow of migrants entering the EU through Italy , after crossing the Mediterranean Sea from Africa . In an interview , they said :
`` Italy is in clear violation of the Schengen accords . If this does not stop , Germany has seriously to consider stopping this violation via border controls . We must set quotas for refugees in Europe . And we have to deal with the fact that refugees need to be shared out among EU members fairly . ''
Bavarian officials estimate that at least 33,000 asylum seekers have arrived in the state during 2014 , twice the number of arrivals registered in 2013 .
In an effort to stem the flow of asylum seekers , the CSU has demanded that the central government begin cracking down on so-called welfare tourism . The CSU is concerned that the problem of runaway immigration is prompting traditional supporters of the party to defect to the Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) , an upstart political party formed in 2013 .
The AfD—which wants Germany to leave the euro single currency and promotes a tough line on immigration—received 4.7 % of the vote in the September 2013 federal election , narrowly failing to reach the 5 % threshold needed for representation in Germany 's national parliament .
Since then , support for the AfD has surged . The party has extended its gains in regional elections , and also won nine seats in European Parliament elections in May 2014 . A poll published in September 2014 found that one in ten German voters now support the AfD .
Germany 's political establishment has worked hard to discredit the AfD . But if the party continues to siphon voters away from the mainstream parties , the AfD will be in a position to influence the debate over the future of German multiculturalism .
The AfD has already come out in support of the PEGIDA protests in Dresden . AfD spokesperson Konrad Adam said the party has a `` fundamental sympathy for the PEGIDA movement . ''
AfD leader Bernd Lucke , a professor of macroeconomics at Hamburg University , summed it up this way :
`` Many people in Germany have legitimate concerns about the spread of radical Islamic ideology , which promotes violence against non-Muslims , robs women and girls of their natural rights , and seeks to require the application of Sharia law . That citizens are expressing these concerns in nonviolent demonstrations is good and right . It is a sign that these people do not feel that their concerns are being taken seriously by politicians . It is an incentive for all politicians to act more decisively at a time when political Islam is challenging and calling into question our rule of law . `` That PEGIDA protesters have advertised their goals in an exclusively peaceful manner is to be welcomed . Because the rule of law , tolerance and freedom of religion are fundamental Western values , the PEGIDA movement must leave no doubt that it is precisely these values that it seeks to defend . ''
Soeren Kern is a Senior Fellow at the New York-based Gatestone Institute . They are also Senior Fellow for European Politics at the Madrid-based Grupo de Estudios Estratégicos / Strategic Studies Group . Follow them on Facebook and on Twitter .
Bombardier Shorts worker in Union flag dice row says firm is not inclusive BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The worker who complained about a set of Union flag dice in a colleague 's car at an aircraft plant says the incident is only the tip of the iceberg . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/bombardier-shorts-worker-in-union-flag-dice-row-says-firm-is-not-inclusive-31433254.html https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article31430901.ece/d36ec/AUTOCROP/h342/2015-08-06_new_11735367_I2.JPG
Email
The worker who complained about a set of Union flag dice in a colleague 's car at an aircraft plant says the incident is only the tip of the iceberg .
They have claimed that none of the four sites operated by Bombardier Shorts in Northern Ireland have an inclusive environment .
The Belfast Telegraph revealed yesterday that another worker had been ordered by Human Resources at the company to remove a set of Union flag dice from their rear view mirror after a complaint .
The car is their own , and does not belong to the company . It would sit in the car park of one of the four sites where Shorts operate while they are at work .
They were stunned on Tuesday to be called to HR , which informed them that someone had complained about the dice - which were described as `` very small '' .
The worker was instructed to remove the dice and not bring them back on to the premises . They said they did so because they feared they might lose their job if they did not .
Following our story , the man who made the complaint about the dice phoned the Belfast Telegraph saying that they wanted to make it clear that the novelty dice were `` not furry and not small '' .
The worker went on to claim there was an `` uncomfortable working environment '' across the four Bombardier sites - east Belfast , Newtownabbey , Dunmurry and Newtownards .
`` Let 's just say it is not exactly inclusive , you have to drive past tens if not hundreds of Union flags to get to each of the sites , then when you get there , there is a Union flag flying from the building , '' they said .
`` A lot of people feel the way I do , people from both a non-unionist background and some from a unionist background too .
`` There have been incidents where marching band music is played loudly in cars , and as for the dice , they were not fluffy and they were not small .
`` The vehicle they were in was reversed into a prominent place where it would be seen . ''
The man said they were pleased that policy was followed and the dice were removed , but said they still had concerns .
`` At Belfast City Hall the flag policy was reviewed for an inclusive working environment , the same thing should happen at Bombardier Shorts , '' they said .
A company spokesperson said : `` As we stated yesterday , if employees have any concerns or issues regarding the neutrality of their working environment , they are encouraged to discuss them with their direct manager or the company 's equal opportunities manager .
`` Our aim is to resolve such issues in a harmonious manner . We have no further comment . ''
Belfast Telegraph
The Dwyane Wade role ceased to exist for the Miami Heat the day the All-Star guard left in July for the Chicago Bulls . The Chris Bosh role became a thing of the past Monday when Heat President Pat Riley said the All-Star forward would not be returning to the team due to ongoing concerns about blood clotting .
So when coach Erik Spoelstra was asked during Wednesday 's second day of training camp at the Atlantis resort about filling the voids , they said the approach with the new staring lineup ca n't be a case of looking to replace Wade and Bosh .
`` If we 're living in the past , '' they said , `` I do n't think that it will benefit any of us . ''
While Spoelstra would n't name names , based on contract size , alone , it appears safe to pencil in Hassan Whiteside at center and Goran Dragic at point guard . Based on potential , Justise Winslow appears assured of a spot in the starting lineup somewhere , as well .
Beyond that , it could come down to skill set , particularly if shooters are desired for spacing , or playing style , if a running game truly can take hold .
`` I think what we all have to guard against is trying to be who we were , and replace them , and put guys in previous spots , '' Spoelstra said . `` We are going to work a game that we feel is best for this group , that maximizes the talents of this group and , to me , we have to be open minded to where this team will go . It 'll be on a different path . And it can have its own success . ''
CAPTION Spoelstra : No need to show anger to appease outsiders . Spoelstra : No need to show anger to appease outsiders . CAPTION Spoelstra : No need to show anger to appease outsiders . Spoelstra : No need to show anger to appease outsiders . CAPTION Dwyane Wade : Braids a tribute to Iverson Dwyane Wade : Braids a tribute to Iverson CAPTION Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says their team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns . Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says their team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns . CAPTION Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says their team 's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt their team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs . Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says their team 's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt their team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs . CAPTION Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team 's loss to the Phoenix Suns . Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team 's loss to the Phoenix Suns .
What Spoelstra wants to avoid is having to adjust to opponents .
`` I would n't necessarily lean toward doing that , but I am open minded to that , '' they said . `` I do n't want to necessary to change the starting lineup based on the opponent if I do n't have to . ''
The Heat went through 23 lineups last season , the adjustments continuing when Bosh was forced to miss the second half of the season for the second consecutive year .
Dragic said they see benefits from continuity from the outset of the season , if that is even possible , with guard Josh Richardson and forward Josh McRoberts both possibly to miss the start of the season due to injuries .
`` Of course when you have a starting lineup that we are playing most of the time together then it 's much easier because you can develop that chemistry , '' they said . `` Last year , we had a lot of different starting lineups . But , you know , even through the season , something is going to happen , somebody is going to get hurt . We have to have a Plan B . ''
For their part , Whiteside said they can see the benefits of having an outside shooter at power forward as a means of spacing the floor , noting Winslow , Luke Babbitt and Derrick Williams as possibilities .
`` The spacing that that will cause , and they can attack , I really think it 's tremendous , '' they said .
`` We really have a diverse team . There are a lot of scenarios that we can play with . There 's so many different , unique guys . There are so many different styles of play . ''
With the Heat only this week making their formal announcement on Bosh , the approach at power forward remains fluid .
`` I know multiple guys will be playing that position , '' Spoelstra said . `` But on the court , it 's going to be position-less . I do n't expect one guy to fill in that gap . And I 'm also going to be open to it . I 'm still in observation , evaluation stage right now . ''
Open scrimmage
The Heat have scheduled their annual breast-cancer awareness intrasquad scrimmage for Oct. 10 at 7:30 p.m. at AmericanAirlines Arena .
The open practice that all NBA teams are required to stage will come with a $ 1 admission , with proceeds benefiting the Miami Cancer Institute .
Seating for the event will be general admission . A maximum of eight tickets may be reserved per person .
Tickets are available for purchase on Ticketmaster.com , through the Heat mobile app or the Ticketmaster app . Tickets will only be issued as mobile entry , with no printed-ticket option , requiring a scan from a smart phone for entry .
The scrimmage will come the night before the first of three Heat home exhibition games , on Oct. 11 against the visiting Brooklyn Nets .
The Heat will have two road exhibitions before the intrasquad scrimmage , on Oct. 4 against the Washington Wizards and on Oct. 8 against the Minnesota Timberwolves in Kansas City .
iwinderman @ sunsentinel.com . Follow them at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
I was a bit nervous when I signed up because I kept wondering if I was going to be one of those people who sadly does n't get a present because their Santa flakes or whatever , but no ! My Secret Santa totally came through with some awesome presents : D
I 've been tracking the present for the past few days and I must admit , I almost barged into the USPS office yesterday when I saw it had arrived in the city , wearing war paint and screaming `` GIMMIE MY PRESENT ! ! ! ! '' but friends said it would probably only lead to getting arrested and perhaps I should just be patient ... sigh , patience was never one of my virtues .
But moving on to today when I received a most awesome present from a most awesome Santa ! Now , I said in my info that I had recently moved to Richmond from Long Island and I missed the ocean so much . I also mentioned that I love coloring books because they make me feel like a kid again . Well , these books bring both those interests together in something that I 'm going to enjoy on these hot summer days . Ocean themed coloring books with gorgeous detailed pictures and enough pages for me to while away several long , lazy afternoons . I just broke out my crayons and started coloring right away .
I do n't know who you are but you are awesome , Secret Santa ! Thank you for being so kind to me on my first exchange .
Last week I read a post that sparked my interest : Comparing an Integer With a Floating-Point Number ( Part 1 , Part 2 ) . The problem from the post is interesting because a ) it involves floating point numbers and b ) neither type ( 32-bit integers , single precision floats ) can represent all values of the other type ( and you 're not allowed to cheat by casting to double ) .
The post starts solving the float/int comparison problem with an approach based on boundaries : find the smallest float guaranteed to be a whole number , do different things on either side of that boundary , etc . I find this distasteful because it screams “ easy to get wrong and not realize it ! ” . You 're in danger of testing the wrong corner cases if you compute the wrong boundary value ( i.e . it 's difficult to repeat yourself differently in the tests ) , so a mistake might go unnoticed .
I figured I would try to come up with a different approach , and I did :
bool Equals ( int i , float f ) { // warning : this is wrong float iToF = ( float ) i ; return ( int ) iToF == i & & f == iToF ; }
The main idea behind the above code is that only integers that can be represented as floats will survive unchanged through a round-trip casting to float and back to int . If an integer can be represented as a float , then we can use its float version for the comparison . If an integer ca n't be represented as a float , then there 's no way it 's equal to any float .
The other idea behind the above code is being horribly , terribly wrong . Wrong stacked on top of wrong stacked on top of even more wrong , in a never-ending cycle of pain and unreliable knowledge… but maybe I 'm being a bit hard on myself . Working with floating point numbers is notoriously difficult , after all . Lets break down the issues in the above code .
Wrong # 1 : Rounding out of range
The code assumes round-tripping a 32-bit integer through float will give back a proper 32-bit integer . That 's actually not the case . For example , the maximum 32-bit signed integer is rounded up when you convert it to float : from to . When you convert the float back to an Int32 , it 's out of the valid range .
Bad things happen when you try to convert a too-large/out-of-range float into an int . In C it 's undefined behavior , which is very very bad . Even in a “ safe ” language like C # the spec says the cast either throws an exception or returns an “ unspecified value ” , depending on if you 're in a checked or unchecked context .
Relying on undefined behavior or on an unspecified value is a great way to turn your code into a time bomb . Everyone loves wasting time figuring out why apparently working code broke when you started using a more recent compiler… right ?
Before even getting into the muck of floating point precision , the code is wrong . The round-trip might fail more than it should . On the other hand , a few ‘ is it in range ? ' checks could bypass this problem . The wrong goes so much deeper .
Wrong # 2 : Precision
The code assumes floats have a fixed amount of precision . This sounds reasonable , except in reality the compiler and the hardware will “ help out ” by providing more precision in some cases .
For example , the compiler is likely to keep the value of the local variable iToF in a register , instead of in memory . On x86 , floating point registers have more bits of precision than required . The extra precision , whether it comes from registers or from optimizations , has observable effects . Consider this C # code :
float f = ( float ) ( 1 < < 24 ) ; int i0 = ( 1 < < 24 ) + 1 ; int i1 = ( int ) ( f + 1f ) ; int i2 = ( int ) ( float ) ( f + 1f ) ; Console.WriteLine ( i0 ) ; // 16777217 Console.WriteLine ( i1 ) ; // 16777217 Console.WriteLine ( i2 ) ; // 16777216
Those well versed in the dangers of floating points will notice that floats do n't have enough precision to represent the integer . That 's the first level of trickery . It explains i2 printing instead of . The second level of trickery is the `` bonus '' precision , which allows the apparently impossible feat of converting a float to an int and getting stored in i1 despite the fact that floats ca n't represent .
Note that the above sample might behave differently on your machine or in the future . The C # spec does not specify how extra precision is handled , stating nothing more concrete than `` Floating-point operations may be performed with higher precision than the result type of the operation . `` .
( Terrible Trivia You 've Just Learned : In C # is there any type T such that casting from T to T is not guaranteed to be a no-op ? Yup . Float . In the above sample , on my machine , casting a float expression to float removes the extra precision . )
In terms of my wrong code for solving the integer/float comparison problem , extended precision means the round-trip might succeed more often than it should . Even if the integer ca n't be represented as a float , there 's no guarantee extended precision wo n't be used ( in the future or on other machines or at different optimization levels ) to allow the round-trip to preserve all integers .
For those keeping track : that 's a total of two time bombs accidentally written into the same two-line function .
Actually , this whole extended precision thing calls into question the problem itself .
Wrong # 3 : Assuming Floats Have a Consistent Value
The truly terrifying thing about `` bonus '' precision is that you do n't control it . It can be available for one comparison , but not the next , creating some truly nasty bugs .
Consider the following code :
if ( someFloat > 1 ) Print ( `` More '' ) ; if ( someFloat < = 1 ) Print ( `` Not More '' ) ;
You might be surprised to find out that it 's possible for the above code to print `` More '' and `` Not More '' at the same time . If someFloat has extra precision and is barely larger than 1 , then it passes the 'greater than 1 ' check . If it then loses that precision , perhaps due to the call to Print needing floating point registers , then it will be rounded to 1 in time to also pass the 'less than or equal to 1 ' check .
Basically , any code that compares a float to the same value twice can be broken by a sufficiently evil compiler , even a compliant-to-spec one . If that does n't immediately terrify you , maybe a practical example will :
Vector2 Normal ( Vector2 v ) { var length = Math.Sqrt ( v.x * v.x + v.y * v.y ) ; if ( length == 0 ) return new Vector2 ( 0 , 0 ) ; return new Vector2 ( v.x / length , v.y / length ) ; }
The above is a typical function to get the normal of a vector . Similar code appears in almost every geometry library ever . It 's not really `` wrong '' , exactly , but bad things happen if you look at it through the eyes of a sufficiently evil compiler .
You might assume that , given an input vector with real coordinates ( not infinity or NaN ) , this function is guaranteed to return a vector with real coordinates with a length approximately equal to 1 or 0 . Except , if you take the normal of a vector near zero then the extra precision might be available for the length == 0 check but not for the divisions , resulting in non-real outputs . So much for the assumed `` real preserving '' invariant . Ugh .
Using a check improves the situation a lot , by preventing the evil compiler from rounding to zero for the division . On the other hand , it increases the size of the boundary where the compiler might flip the result from a unit vector to the zero vector or from the zero vector to a unit vector .
What I 'm getting at is that floats flout the idea of being comparable . The idea that we can write a function that tells if an integer is equal to a float is , frankly , a little bit misguided . We 'll either get false positives , when precision is lost after the check , or false negatives , when precision is temporarily lost ( or purposefully removed ) during the check .
So , in a sense , even the function specification I was implementing was wrong . No code can implement it perfectly . Compilers just do n't treat floats that way .
A Corrected Solution
To correct the code I gave above , the three wrongs I listed ( rounding , extra precision , impossible spec ) need to be addressed .
The rounding issue is the easiest to fix . It only happens in one case ( numbers near int.MaxValue ) , and can be caught with an explicit check . The other two issues will be fixed by slightly altering the spec .
To make the function independent of the whims of the compiler , I will avoid comparing against the overprecise-by-unknown-amount runtime value of the float . Instead , the function will compare against the nearest representable IEEE single precision float ( i.e . what you 'd naively expect the function to do , before learning about extended precision ) . You can get that value , in many languages , by casting to a volatile float or storing in a volatile float field .
Applying both of these fixes ( while still trying to avoid risky boundaries ) gives a corrected solution in C # :
private static volatile float staticVolatileFloat ; private static float RemoveExtendedPrecision ( float f ) { // thread safe ? what 's that ? staticVolatileFloat = f ; return staticVolatileFloat ; } public static bool EqualAfterRemovingExtendedPrecision ( int i , float f ) { f = RemoveExtendedPrecision ( f ) ; var iToF = RemoveExtendedPrecision ( ( float ) i ) ; if ( iToF == RemoveExtendedPrecision ( ( float ) int.MaxValue ) ) return false ; // rounded out of range , ca n't be represented if ( ( int ) iToF ! = i ) return false ; // rounded to a different value , ca n't be represented // can be represented faithfully , naive equality check will work return iToF == f ; }
( To be honest , I 'm drawing a blank trying to think of natural uses for a function like EqualAfterRemovingExtendedPrecision . )
I tested that the function corresponds to what happens if you compare after casting both inputs to double , so hopefully it 's correct now and forever . Maybe someone who knows even more about floating point horrors will correct that optimism .
Update : If a different valid IEEE rounding rule is being used , ( float ) int.MaxValue might be rounded down instead of up . As a result , the `` corrected '' code would wrongly categorize the largest integer representable as a float as being not representable and create false negatives . Pessimism increased .
Summary
Floats are terrifying . Maybe not as terrifying as unicode , but pretty darn terrifying .
Remember : floats are fundamentally imprecise approximations of continuous quantities . Not only because of their representation , but because of how they are treated by compilers and CPUs . As a result , trying to force a precise discrete result out of a float ( by rounding or doing a comparison ) is just inherently risky . Prepare to compromise .
-- -
Discuss on Reddit , Hacker News
-- -
Twisted Oak Studios offers consulting and development on high-tech interactive projects . Check out our portfolio , or Give us a shout if you have anything you think some really rad engineers should help you with .
Archive
Iris West has warmed the hearts of The Flash fans , but especially did so in Season 2 when their Earth-2 doppelgänger proved to be supremely fantastic . That Iris was a detective , hardened on the job , but a softy when it came to adoring their husband , Barry Allen . This particular take on the character has audiences wondering what else is in store for them With Supergirl officially crossing over into the Arrowverse and Jay Garrick 's reveal of their Earth-3 , it 's only a matter of time before we see another version of the character . During a panel at a fan expo in Dallas , Candice Patton was asked what they would like to see of their Earth-3 doppelgänger . Them response is nothing short of amazing .
“ I mean , I feel like they could be Amazonian , ” Patton said as if she 'd already thought of it ahead of time . Perfect answer , right ? It could work . It would be a way of introducing that world on DC TV without having to even reference Wonder Woman . Them character could be one of the women of Themyscira that abandoned the island and its customs in an effort to seek life elsewhere . Maybe add a clever nod to the Princess that left home and never returned . Again , not having to directly reference Wonder Woman . Besides , who does n't want to see a superpowered Iris West ?
You can watch the last portion of the panel in its entirety below . The question about Earth-3 begins at the 15:00 timestamp .
[ youtube id= ” 1PpHNt7trLw ” ]
Now here 's the real question : Is Supergirl on Earth-3 or some other Earth number that has yet to be identified ? The shows have n't acknowledged it as such , but we 've assumed that was what it had to be . However , since Jay Garrick is of Earth-3 and Supergirl has said she 's never heard of a Flash , we may be dealing with four Earths . Better for everyone if that is the case , it adds yet another opportunity to see an Amazonian Iris West .
Image : The CW
Posted By Brianna Reeves is an editor at GeekFeed . They have written for Geeks of Color , and has worked as an editor for numerous publications . Brianna Reeves is an editor at GeekFeed . They have written for Geeks of Color , and has worked as an editor for numerous publications .
You might also like
7 Meditations is an informational meditation self awareness and stress reduction website .
We need all to de-stress . Breathing exercises are great to reduce stress but what does one do when that does n't work . We need to learn how to practice self-awareness and not retreat into our own minds . Often we get overwhelmed making our stress worse . The trick is getting content with our dilemmas . Self-awareness is not just about self but your entire world , your environmental interactions .
Self-awareness
The Dictionary Definitions are ;
conscious knowledge of one 's own character and feelings . an awareness of one 's own personality or individuality
Self-awareness in Psychology
Self-Awareness is defined as the accurate appraisal and understanding of your abilities and preferences and their implications for your behaviour and their impact on others . It 's reality-testing ; a calibration against the facts of life . -- Adrian Furnham Ph.D . Source
Emotional Intelligence
Emotional intelligence is all about understanding your emotional world inside and out . On how you treat your self and others .
Tom Harris ' Carleton University Climate Misinformation Class
Posted on 10 May 2012 by dana1981
A few months ago , the Canadian Committee for the Advancement of Scientific Skepticism ( CASS ) issued a report regarding a slew of climate misinformation being taught at Carleton University in Ottawa , Canada by Tom Harris . Somehow Harris , who is an engineer and communications specialist with zero climate research experience , and is the Executive Director of the Heartland Institute-funded International Climate Science Coalition , was put in the position to teach a class on climate and Earth science at Carleton University . More recently , Harris has taken to denouncing what they term `` climatism , '' which appears to be a disparaging synonym for `` climate science . '' How an anti-climate science engineer was made lecturer of a climate science class at Carleton University is something of a mystery , and a poor decision by the university .
The CASS report followed the growing trend of climate misinformation debunkings using the Skeptical Science database . In this post we will examine just a few of the myths identified by CASS as regrettably being used by Harris to misinform Carleton University students .
Galactic Cherries
A popular climate myth , coming in at # 21 on the list of most used climate myths , is that global warming is being caused by galactic cosmic rays . The reason this myth is so popular is that it 's a relatively new hypothesis , and thus has only been investigated by climate researchers in recent years . However , the vast majority of studies on the subject have found little if any relationship between galactic cosmic rays and global temperatures .
That did n't stop Harris from exhibiting one of the 5 characteristics of scientific denialism to claim otherwise in their lectures - cherrypicking . As John Cook wrote two years ago in describing this denialism characteristic ,
`` [ cherrypicking ] involves selectively drawing on isolated papers that challenge the consensus to the neglect of the broader body of research ... ''
This is precisely how Harris taught their class , picking out the few scientific studies which seemed to indicate a relationship between cosmic rays and global temperatures , and completely neglecting to mention the vast majority of studies finding little to no correlation between the two . More importantly , galactic cosmic ray flux on Earth has been flat on average over the past six decades , and therefore could not be responsible for a long-term global warming trend over that period . As Figure 1 shows , starting around 1925 , the cosmic ray increase lagged behind the temperature increase , and temperatures continued to rise after 1970 while cosmic ray flux did not .
Figure 1 : Reconstructed cosmic radiation ( solid line before 1952 ) and directly observed cosmic radiation ( solid line after 1952 ) compared to global temperature ( dotted line ) . All curves have been smoothed by an 11 year running mean ( Krivova 2003 ) .
Additionally , there was a record high cosmic ray flux observed in 2009 ( Figure 2 ) . The hypothesis espoused by Harris claims that cosmic rays are supposed to cause cooling by increasing cloud cover , yet 2009 was one of the hottest years on record .
Figure 2 : Record cosmic ray flux observed in 2009 by the ( NASA )
Harris chose simply not to teach these inconvenient facts to their students , instead only presenting the cherrypicked bits of information which seemed to support the case they wanted to present them .
Downplaying the Human Influence on Climate
Along similar lines as their cosmic ray cherrypick , Harris decided to toss physics aside and claim that human effects on the climate are too small to measure .
`` Until we understand natural cycles of climate without humans , it 's very very tough to tease out what affect humans are having because it 's much smaller . It 's not the big carrier wave that nature is doing anyways , it 's a smaller affect on top of that ... There is n't a good correlation between temperatures and CO2 over the record . ''
This myth fails on two levels . First , as Richard Alley has discussed , CO2 has historically been the principle control knob for the Earth 's temperature , and the current human influence on the climate involves a rapid increase in the amount of CO2 and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere . Second , many different studies have shown that the human influence on global temperatures has dominated the natural influence over the past century , especially over the past half-century ( Figure 3 ) . Once again , Harris neglects to mention the vast body of scientific research and literature which contradicts the assertions they make in their lectures .
Figure 3 : Net human and natural percent contributions to the observed global surface warming over the past 50-65 years according to Tett et al . 2000 ( T00 , dark blue ) , Meehl et al . 2004 ( M04 , red ) , Stone et al . 2007 ( S07 , green ) , Lean and Rind 2008 ( LR08 , purple ) , Huber and Knutti 2011 ( HK11 , light blue ) , and Gillett et al . 2012 ( G12 , orange ) .
Denying the CO2 Control Knob Again
CASS caught Harris downplaying the influence of CO2 on climate once again , repeating the myth that water vapor is the most important greenhouse gas .
`` [ the ] most important greenhouse gas is water vapour .... ''
Harris of course neglects to mention that the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere is dictated by the temperature of the atmosphere - water vapor is feedback , not a forcing . Thus something else has to initiate global warming before water vapor can kick in and amplify it . This inconvenient fact makes it very difficult to argue that water vapor is `` the most important '' greenhouse gas .
Indeed , as Lacis et al . ( 2010 ) noted in a paper titled Atmospheric CO2 : Principal Control Knob Governing Earth 's Temperature ( emphasis added ) ,
`` Ample physical evidence shows that carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) is the single most important climate-relevant greenhouse gas in Earth 's atmosphere . This is because CO 2 , like ozone , N 2 O , CH 4 , and chlorofluorocarbons , does not condense and precipitate from the atmosphere at current climate temperatures , whereas water vapor can and does ... Without the radiative forcing supplied by CO 2 and the other noncondensing greenhouse gases , the terrestrial greenhouse would collapse , plunging the global climate into an icebound Earth state . ''
Once again , Harris failed to accurately portray the body of scientific research and evidence , which contradicts the information they taught their students .
CO2 is a Pollutant
Harris also decided to delve into the realm of laws and policy , repeatedly claiming that CO2 is not a pollutant .
`` Carbon dioxide of course is a greenhouse gas , but it is not a pollutant . it 's invisible , odourless , it 's essential to plant photosynthesis ... It 's not a pollutant and it 's probably a benefit .... The debate of course is not whether it 's a pollutant – because it 's not a pollutant . Carbon footprint is not a pollution ... ''
In fact , CASS documents Harris claiming that CO2 is not a pollutant at least four times , showing two additional videos in which it is again claimed that CO2 is not a pollutant , and also twice claiming that another greenhouse gas - nitrous oxide - is not a pollutant .
Why , in a class entitled `` Climate Change : An Earth Sciences Perspective '' , is Harris so focused on the legal and policy issue of the definition of a pollutant ? As it so happens , CO2 and other greenhouse gases are indeed pollutants , at least based on the U.S. Clean Air Act . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency correctly determined that greenhouse gases meet the definition of air pollutants because they pose a threat to public health and welfare through climate change , and Canadian scientific organizations certainly concur with this conclusion . However , the definition of this term is primarily a legal question , and thus it is puzzling why Harris placed so much emphasis on the issue in a climate and Earth science class .
It 's also worth noting that while we often hear this argument from climate denialists that CO2 is n't a pollutant because it 's tasteless and odorless , human sensory perceptions generally have little to do with whether a substance is is deemed a pollutant . As noted above , pollutants are characterized by the threat they pose to public health and welfare , not based on whether they 're ugly or stinky .
Denying Settled Science
In their lectures , Harris even goes as far as to deny some of the most settled aspects of climate science .
`` ... the majority of the rise of CO2 has nothing to do with humans .... One of the things I find astounding about this whole climate debate is that some of the most basic tenets – you know , the idea that CO2 rise is mainly caused by humans , the idea that temperature rise is definite , its occurring , - many of these things are either not true or are simply unknown , or highly debatable . ''
Of course we know for a fact that the planet is warming , and similarly there simply is no question that the CO2 increase is due to human emissions . The easiest way to prove this is through a simple accounting approach ( i.e . see Cawley 2011 ) - human emissions are roughly twice as large as the increase in atmospheric CO2 ( most of the rest is absorbed by the oceans , which leads to ocean acidification ) . Harris disputes this with yet another cherrypick :
`` I 'm getting emails now from scientists , one in particular from Poland , who just authored a paper with a guy from Norway , very leading scientists on CO2 studies , who say that they 've shown in fact the majority of the rise of CO2 has nothing to do with humans . ''
Once again Harris rejects the body of scientific evidence in favor of one paper which somebody emailed them about , and apparently expects their students to exhibit the same lack of skepticism .
Climate Denial 101
We have only touched on a few of the many climate myths identified in Harris ' lectures by CASS , who in fact documented over 100 such myths in their report . Tamino also takes Harris to task for their minsinformation regarding warming in the United States in a recent Open Mind post .
Harris ' Carleton University course was clearly less of a climate and Earth science class and more of a climate cherrypicking denial class , teaching students how to ignore the vast body of scientific evidence and only consider the few bits of information which appear to support one 's pre-determined conclusion . However , such denial is entirely anti-science , and this behavior should certainly not be taught in a university classroom . Hopefully Carelton University will learn from this error and disservice to their students .
As the Confederate army drives up Oak Ridge on July 1st , 1863 , Confederate flags mark brigades and the Confederate 3rd Corps HQ . Similarly , Union flags make the position of Federal brigades . In Apple 's idea of a proper historical simulation , the flags of the `` bad guys '' are erased to avoid triggering knee-jerk spasms of angst amongst people who a week ago probably could n't have distinguished a Confederate battle flag from a box of mac and cheese . Screen shot from Ultimate General : Gettysburg , a battle simulation recently pulled from Apple 's App Store , because of the display in the game of the Confederate battle flag .
“ Apple has removed our game from AppStore because of usage of the Confederate Flag . Ultimate General : Gettysburg could be accepted back if the flag is removed from the game 's content…We believe that all historical art forms : books , movies , or games such as ours , help to learn and understand history , depicting events as they were . True stories are more important to us than money . Therefore we are not going to amend the game 's content and Ultimate General : Gettysburg will no longer be available on AppStore . We really hope that Apple 's decision will achieve the desired results . ”
“ Any App that is defamatory , offensive , mean-spirited , or likely to place the targeted individual or group in harm 's way will be rejected . ”
As concern over state-sanctioned display of the Confederate battle flag extends to loonier PC erasures of history , Apple Computer has buckled under public pressure , and dropped ( nearly ) all apps displaying the Confederate battle flag from its App Store.This includes historical simulations , such as , a much-praised , historically accurate , simulation of the battle of Gettysburg . In anon the Game-Labs forum , the company that makessaid that Apple had demanded the history game be redesigned to eliminate any display of the Confederate battle flag : For the last week , a number of American corporations , including Apple , have been under pressure to eliminate selling any products that display the Confederate battle flag or any content that seemed to be supportive or insufficiently condemnatory of the Southern Confederacy . For example , directly challenges Tim Cook to remove all apps from the App Store displaying Confederate symbols . It encourages Cook to abide by the App Store 's guidelines , which state : The article writer , Zac Hall , did bother to include this exception : “ I do n't believe Apple should censor historical content or remove informational material from iTunes or the App Store… ” , but the problem is one person 's “ historical content ” is another person 's “ defamatory , offensive , mean-spirited ” crime against humanity . This is always the problem with censorship.In most historical simulations , including ones enabling players to take the role of Germans ( AKA `` Nazis '' ) and Japanese armies from World War II , the idea is to enable players to learn about history by simulating it , including from the perspective of the “ enemy ” . In military history games , of course , the main focus is on battle strategy , and not on the political conflicts that led to the battles.This lack of political context , which mirrors a historical attitude seeking to find and assess factual data without ideological bias , has always been a vulnerable aspect of historical simulations—and especially military history simulations or wargames . Why , after all , should a person even want to play a game where the Nazis—or the Confederates—might win ? Does n't that say something very negative about the person ? People who think that it does are going to be suspicious of the motives drawing people to play a game likeBut—so what ? The point made by Game-Labs seems quite pertinent—all historical art forms , including games , should be treated equally . And unless Apple is getting ready to remove any work of art—movies , television shows , music—that has any display of something “ Confederate ” , it should restore apps such as , and any other history apps , whose inclusion of the Confederate battle flag is based merely on an effort to get the facts straight.More than this , the Confederate battle flag , whatever people may think of it , has been such a constant feature of Southern culture and a number of American subcultures too , that attempting to censor it out of existence is not merely impossible , but is counterproductive to any goal America has in addressing its ongoing problem with racism . The kind of action Apple has taken , for example , seems reminiscent of—which , if you know anything about Apple 's marketing of itself , is quite ironic.Read more about the Confederate battle flag controversy—as of this evening , Apple has restoredto the Apps Store . Game-Labsthe game was not changed and `` is the way it was ... in 1863 . ''
Arts Roundup : Special Collections library exhibits
Peter Kelley UW News
Two thoughtfully produced Special Collections library displays lead this otherwise sleepy week for arts at the UW . One remembers artist and printmaker Margery Hellman and the other , looking back at the 1962 Seattle World 's Fair , was extended from July . Plus , there are ongoing exhibits at the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture and the Henry Art Gallery .
Art by Kathryn Sharpe , through Sept. 29 . The work of this artist and UW employee will be displayed in the UW Tower 's Mezzanine Gallery through Sept. 29 . Sharpe themselves will be on hand at the gallery , painting watercolors and talking about the creative process . Them remaining visits are scheduled for noon on Sept. 14 , 18 and 27 .
Margery Hellmann book arts display , through Nov. 19 . An exhibit with a title borrowed from an Emily Dickinson poem , “ There 's No Frigate Like a Book : Art & Artists ' Books by Margery Hellmann ” notes Hellmann 's career as a collage artist , papermaker , printmaker and creator of letterpress books and broadsides . “ The diversity of their work is amazing , spanning decades and culminating in their artistsʼ books begun in 1993 , ” UW Libraries states . “ Margery worked tirelessly to create a melding of text and structure to complement and expand meaning. ” In the Special Collections Reading Room ( note the hours ) , Allen Library South Basement .
“ World of Tomorrow : Looking Back at Seattle 's World Fair , ” extended through Sept. 14 . A UW Libraries Special Collections exhibit with images , press clippings and souvenirs , curated by Kate Leonard , Theresa Mudrock , Jessica Albano , Glenda Pearson and Violet Fox . In the Allen Library North Balcony and Allen Library South Basement Special Collections Lobby . See a previous UW Today story about the exhibit .
Anastasia Yumeko Hill , 7 p.m. , Aug. 23 . Hill , daughter of featured Henry Art Gallery artist Gary Hill , will give a multimedia talk titled “ When Image Fondles the Tongue ( and other experiments ) ” in the Henry Auditorium . Learn more online . Free for Henry members , $ 5 for general audience .
Also : Three new works have been added to the exhibit Gary Hill : glossodelic attractors , which will be on view through Sept. 16 at the Henry .
Bird photography workshop , 7 p.m. Aug. 24 , 25 . Learn about techniques , strategies , and equipment with photographer Paul Bannick in this lecture at the Burke Museum followed by a field session the next day at the Montlake Fill adjacent to the Center for Urban Horticulture . $ 100 for Burke members ; $ 125 for the general public .
Natural science student illustrations , through Oct. 7 . The Burke Museum presents the work of the graduates of the 2012 UW Natural Science Illustration Certificate Program , in the Burke Room . The room has limited hours , so visitors are encouraged to call 206-616-3962 in advance . Regular admission prices pertain .
Why are you running for Congress ?
Eric Kingson : I am running because I am concerned about the direction the country is headed . I want Social Security expanded so it reaches more people . I am calling on Congress to expand , not cut , Social Security .
What are the three most important issues facing America today that should be addressed in the Democratic Party platform ?
Economic security , retirement and the nation 's investment in infrastructure . We have lost our democracy because of Citizens United and its role in helping the very rich . The Democratic Party platform must address the disrespect some have for our fellow human beings , particularly African Americans and Latinos and low-income whites , like the laws that make it more difficult for people to vote .
How have social movements like Black Lives Matter , Occupy and climate change activism influenced your campaign ?
These movements change the way people think by bringing attention to the 1 % . Black Lives Matter makes us think about the role of racism in society . Black teenagers ' parents warn them to keep their hands on the steering wheel in full view if they are stopped by police . A white parent would never have to give their sons and daughters that kind of warning . The Occupy movement has also [ called attention to the fact that ] trickle-down economics does n't work . The movements are causing people to think and become more active in their communities .
Democrats have lost their majorities in both the House and Senate . What do you think the Democratic Party needs to do to gain them back ?
We have to show that we stand for something . We have to begin by pushing forward with new ideas . That includes working with unions , providing more Social Security and returning to the traditional values that made the Democratic Party . The Democratic Party has to let voters know that the party 's business is the people 's business .
Bernie Sanders ' campaign has galvanized young progressive voters across the country and attracted a lot of independent support . What are the lessons here for the Democrats and for your campaign in particular ?
Bernie Sanders has encouraged people to get involved in the election . The lesson is that many young people care and they must be activated . We desperately need them in the political process . The general message for the Democratic Party is that young people want politicians to stand for a strong set of values and mean what they say .
When the Democratic Party chooses its nominee in Philadelphia , the party will come together for the November election . What stands in the way of Sanders supporters and Hillary supporters working together under the Democratic Party big tent ?
I do n't think a lot stands in the way . The Democratic Party has to move toward action because Ted Cruz and Donald Trump are fundamentally dangerous people . These two candidates are totally unqualified to be president of the United States . These are not Everett Dirksen Republicans who worked both sides of the aisle to reach agreements . The new Republicans have opened the door to David Duke of the Ku Klux Klan . This would be a very different agenda for our country .
What does the legacy of the New Deal mean for Democrats in 2016 , and how can the Democratic Party best defend the values of the New Deal and expand on the promise of social and economic democracy ?
To this Democrat , it means a lot . The New Deal was about investing in our economy and our future . Unlike conservative Republicans , I am not out to destroy our institutions . People need jobs . One of the great things the New Deal did was to create jobs through agencies like the Civilian Conservation Corps , a government-funded public work relief program that helped the unemployed find jobs .
Sanders has struggled with winning over people of color and a generation of women who find inspiration in Hillary Clinton 's struggles and accomplishments . Clinton has struggled with youth voters and with the party 's left base . What sort of bold progressive platform can unite these constituencies in November , and in years to come ?
We have to deconstruct the monster we have created with Wall Street . We need to provide free college tuition , and we need to make it more difficult for companies to move off shore . We also need to block trade agreements like the Trans Pacific Partnership that create income inequality . I think what will ultimately bring us together will be the fear of what the Republicans are putting up . The Republicans have put up a very scary set of candidates . The country has too much to lose with either Trump or Cruz in the White House . There 's too much at stake .
Find out what 's next for the political revolution . Subscribe to the free In These Times weekly email newsletter :
It is 10.15 on a Sunday morning at the Shipwrights council playing fields in Sunderland , kick-off is a quarter of an hour away and there is no sign of the home team .
Willow Pond FC , a second division pub side , are locked out of the car park and are getting changed on the roadside . The odd player still wears the ink of a nightclub entry stamp .
A woman of about 50 – militant in their approach – marches from Pickersgill House , a sheltered housing scheme nearby .
VIDEO Scroll down to watch Julio Arca in action for Willow Pond FC and talk to Sportsmail
Meet Willow Pond FC 's new star player - former Sunderland and Middlesbrough midfielder Julio Arca
The Argentine made 177 appearances for the Black Cats during their stay
Rather than the Stadium of Light today , Arca is at the Shipwrights council playing fields
Julio Arca career Argentinos Juniors ( 1999-2001 ) Apps : 36 Goals : 0 Sunderland ( 2001-2006 ) Apps : 177 Goals : 23 Middlesbrough ( 2006-2013 ) Apps : 180 Goals : 9
They holler : ‘ Who 's in charge ? You ca n't leave your cars here , what happens if we need to get an ambulance in ? ' It is then that they realise . ‘ Bloody hell , how are you doing son ? ' .
Julio Arca ( pronounced Hoo-lee-o Aaa-ca in these parts ) – the city 's adopted son and former Sunderland favourite of 177 appearances – happily engages in conversation . The abandoned cars – Peugeots not Porsches – are not mentioned again .
It is now 10.20 . In the distance , four aluminous , checked corner-flags emerge from the bushes followed by a group of lads from Royal Marine FC dragging two nets . Game on .
Arca – still only 33 and forced to retire earlier this year because of a toe injury – pays their £3.50 subs and races through a warm-up routine , which , for some of their team-mates , does not extend beyond a blast at their goalkeeper , who normally plays in midfield .
There are a few nudges and glances from the opposition , they 're about to share a pitch with their Black Cats idol , a ball-playing midfielder who was signed by Peter Reid from Argentinos Juniors for £3.5million as a 19-year-old in 2000 . They had captained Argentina 's World Cup winning Under-20 side , which included Fabricio Coloccini , Maxi Rodriguez , Javier Saviola and Willy Caballero .
Arca admits that their team-mates do n't make the same kind of runs they are used to
The former youth international poses with their team-mates ahead of a crucial game ... against Royal Marine FC
Today , though , the players are overweight , the pitch is overgrown and play is overcrowded . Except when Arca has the ball . Their first touch is second nature , their final pass never wayward . They are shown due respect .
One lad , however , having been outwitted by Arca , tugs on their jersey as they break away . They immediately regrets it and apologises . There is a handshake and the perpetrator is all smiles . He 's not going to wash that hand . Those on the sideline seize upon their weakness . ‘ Aww , friends , football friends , ' they mock , using the line from The Inbetweeners .
The comedy apart , it 's a cracking contest and Arca is its best player , save for one audacious 45-yard lob which buries itself in the bushes and calls for a new ball .
Willow Pond win 1-0 , they are honest , hard-working and enjoy it from first minute to last . Arca provides the class .
Arca was the star of the show as their side won the game 1-0
Back down to business , Arca admits they enjoy heading to the pub after the matches
Arca was bought for a total of over £5m by Sunderland and Middlesbrough , now they pay £3.50 in subs
And so it is back to the boozer to celebrate , the former Premier League footballer pulling up their barstool among the boys , including workers from car plant Nissan , plumbers , security guards and students .
There are two questions for Arca , whose Argentinian wife Valeria is at home a few miles away in Ashbrooke with their boys Mateo , two , and three-month-old Franco .
How and why ?
‘ I know one of the lads , Andy . When I was still playing they always said to me , “ You 'll have to play for us one day ” , ' they laugh , suggesting the idea was never entertained .
‘ Then we came here for a drink about five weeks ago and they asked me again . I was n't playing so thought “ Okay , why not ? ” . They got me to sign the forms that day !
‘ It was only when I started playing again with these lads that I realised how much I was missing it .
‘ You have to adapt and I ca n't expect them to run all over . The first few weeks I was looking for a pass and it was n't there . I now know what they can and ca n't do . But I 've scored a couple of goals , a free-kick on my debut , and it 's great when you win . '
Still in shape , Arca gets ready for the game against Royal Marine FC
The 33-year-old says they do n't need the swanky footballer bars to have fun
They continue : ‘ My missus wants me in the house with our boys but they are okay about this - they know how much I love it . Last night my little one did not sleep at all and I was up every two hours , but that 's fine , this is n't the Premier League anymore .
‘ But they are great lads and I 'm just one of them . I love it . I 've been out with them for a few drinks and it 's great fun – no shiny bars like when you 're a footballer , just good old pubs like this . '
Arca moved to Middlesbrough from Sunderland in 2006 and , after 181 appearances , that is where their career was brought to a premature end .
‘ I picked up the injury in 2006 , ' they reveal . ‘ I played with Cortisone injections to take the pain away . As the years went on I was having too many injections and I went for an operation . They tried to correct the position of my toe but it did n't work out , it was too painful to play .
‘ My contract finished in 2013 and I tried rehab for nearly a year but it just did n't work out . It 's hard to accept at times . My body is still fine and , apart from the foot injury , I could still be playing . '
Arca and their family plan to return to Quilmes – 11 miles south of Buenos Aries - next year , where media work or coaching is the plan . But the North-East will always be their second home .
They plan to head back to Argentina with their family for media work or possibly coaching
‘ I have been here nearly 15 years away from my family , ' they say . ‘ It 's been great and I would do it all again , no regrets .
‘ Everyone has always been friendly with me . I always get people talking to me , but I love that . I 'm just a normal lad who was lucky enough to get paid to play football .
‘ Now I pay to play , although you do get a free pint if you 're man-of-the-match ! '
It was Arca who was involved in the challenge which ended Alan Shearer 's career in 2006 . It was innocuous and the Newcastle legend was due to retire the following month in any case .
Still , though , the lads from Willow Pond would not let them play in a recent match against a team from Tyneside for fear of reprisal .
‘ I get a little bit of a bite from Newcastle fans , ' they smile , ‘ but they 're generally okay with me . Yes , Alan had their last 50-50 with me , but they never blamed me for that , it was n't even a tackle really . But the lads here quite like mentioning it . '
Willow Pond FC will be grateful to have their services for a while longer
Arca poses with Sportsmail reporter Craig Hope in the Willow Pond pub after the game
Those same lads are captivated by their tales .
‘ I came here as a teenager from a small club in Argentina and was playing in front of 48,000 . It was incredible , ' they recall , enjoying a pint among their new comrades .
‘ I could not speak much English but I got involved with the banter . After a few months I went to training with Diego Maradona 's book . I showed Peter Reid the pictures of that goal ( dribble against England , including Reid , at Mexico 86 ) and they are n't happy ! But they were a great guy and I thank them for bringing me here .
‘ I was looking to make that big step to Europe . I took the chance , sometimes you do n't get another one . My mum was upset but my dad understood how important it was . I spent some long nights on my own but I knew what I wanted to do . ‘
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Valley of the Wolves is such a hit that the normally chaotic streets of the capital Kabul are deserted when it is on air
A spy opens fire and instantly kills their rival . Moments later an axe falls on a bystander 's hand . There is blood everywhere . This is a scene from Valley of the Wolves , one of Afghanistan 's most popular dramas - and a particular favourite with children .
The Turkish television series , known as Wadi Gurgha in Afghanistan , has gripped Afghan audiences with its gritty depiction of the murky underworld of drugs and arms-smuggling as mafia gangs and spy agencies struggle for power in Turkey .
But a tragedy in rural Afghanistan has led to calls to limit the access of children to the violence on screen .
On a sunny day last October in the remote Jaghori district of Ghazni province , 10-year-old Ali Seena was playing with friends , staging a scene from Valley of Wolves in which they took the role of a character who had been hanged .
Image copyright PANA FLIM Image caption Turkish dramas have eclipsed Hindi films in popularity in Afghanistan
Ali died of asphyxiation after their friends hanged them from a tree branch using a scarf . The boy had struggled to break free , their friends told their uncle Abdul Karim . They just thought they were playing along as they acted out the scene .
`` It was too tragic to believe , '' Mr Karim says . `` Afghans take suicide attacks , roadside bombs and air strikes in their stride . But Ali 's death was avoidable . ''
The death of Ali forced Tolo TV , one of the several broadcasters of Wadi Gurgha , to insert a warning before every episode , saying that the content of the show is not suitable for children below the age of 14 .
'Brings us together '
That certainly does not deter children in the house of Sher Ali in the capital Kabul .
`` I have been watching this drama for the last two years , '' eight-year-old Sabrina tells me without taking their eyes off the television screen . `` I love Valley of the Wolves . ''
Sabrina and 14 of their family members , including several children , remain glued to the TV while the programme is on air .
On the television set is spy Folad Alamadar , the charismatic main character of the show who tries to protect their country from threat . They have become an icon for children and adults in Afghanistan . One of Sabrina 's cousins has even been named after him .
Image caption Sabrina 's family are glued to the screen when Valley of the Wolves is on
`` I said stop there , '' shouts Folad in the scene the family watch . Moments later they shoot , killing a man .
`` The drama allows us to relax and forget about the fighting and war in the country , '' Sabir , a civil servant uncle of Sabrina tells me despite the events unfolding on the screen .
Top Turkish titles Image copyright TMC/ Global Agency Silver ( Gumus/Noor ) , produced by ANS Production . The deep love between a poor girl and a richer husband . Sold to 56 countries .
, produced by ANS Production . The deep love between a poor girl and a richer husband . Sold to 56 countries . Magnificent Century ( Muhtesem Yuzyil ) , Tims Productions . Massive costume drama set in Suleiman I 's Ottoman world . Sold to 47 countries .
, Tims Productions . Massive costume drama set in Suleiman I 's Ottoman world . Sold to 47 countries . Forbidden Love ( Ask-i Memnu ) , Ay Yapim . Forbidden passions in a mansion on the Bosphorus . Sold to 46 countries .
Ay Yapim . Forbidden passions in a mansion on the Bosphorus . Sold to 46 countries . 1001 Nights ( Binbir Gece ) , TMC Film . A mother accepts an indecent proposal from their boss to pay for their son 's cancer treatment . Sold to 46 countries .
, TMC Film . A mother accepts an indecent proposal from their boss to pay for their son 's cancer treatment . Sold to 46 countries . The Fall Of Leaves ( Yaprak Dokumu ) , Ay Yapim . A tight-knit family arrive in Istanbul to face many challenges . Sold to 45 countries .
) , Ay Yapim . A tight-knit family arrive in Istanbul to face many challenges . Sold to 45 countries . What is Fatmagul 's Crime ? ( Fatmagul'un Sucu Ne ? ) , Ay Yapim . Fatmagul is raped , and marries Kerim who wrongly believes themselves to be the perpetrator of the crime . Sold to 37 countries . Statistics source : Global Agency , Ay Yapim and Dogan TV Holding
`` This is normal , '' says Abid , one of Sabrina 's uncles . `` I ca n't stop my children . If I stop them now , they will watch the repeat show tomorrow morning when no adult is around . ''
`` This brings our family together . If it was not for Valley of the Wolves , we would n't be together in one room , '' another uncle , Khalid , says .
Sabrina 's father says the fighting , bombs and assassinations is something they have always lived with .
Message of hope
Nevertheless it has ignited debate with some experts saying that the warning displayed before the show begins is not sufficient to stop children viewing it .
`` It is positive that media organisations are able to expose Afghan audiences to a variety of products from a variety of nations and cultures , '' says Shirazuddin Siddiqi , country director of BBC Media Action and an expert on Afghan media .
`` However , it is not so positive when content is aired with less than sufficient regard to vulnerable groups within society , such as children . There is already concern about copycat action penetrating children 's games ... Care should be taken to ensure such programmes are aired at a time when children do n't watch , '' they said .
But Massoud Sanjar , director of production at Tolo TV , says Afghans see a message of hope in the programme 's hero Folad Alamdar .
Image copyright PANA FILM Image caption The show 's main character Folad Alamdar is admired by Afghan audiences
`` In a country like Afghanistan , where there has been war and violence for 30 years , a hero who promises to rid the people of all their problems is always welcome . Any hero who can help the country , who can bring change is an instant success , '' says Mr Sanjar .
They add that : `` It is for the parents to not allow their children : 8:00 is prime time , 9:00 is too late for children to be awake . ''
Image copyright PANA FILM Image caption The show depicts the murky world of drugs and arms-smuggling , mafia gangs and spy agencies in Turkey
Aspiring to Turkey
It used to be Hindi films that were all the rage in Afghanistan - but there are now about 200 Turkish dramas being aired on television .
The cultural closeness between Turkey and Afghanistan is one of the key reasons behind the popularity of Valley of the Wolves and for some Afghans it offers a livelihood as well .
Bazaars across Kabul are swamped with merchandise - T-shirts , pullovers , caps , posters - depicting scenes from the soap and its characters .
`` I sell 400-500 of these T-shirts every day . In the past six months , I have sold 60,000 T-shirts , '' says stall-holder Yamma Kohistani .
Posters of its characters now adorn barber shops and rear windshields of cars and buses . There is more advertising on soaps , chewing gums , even cars , depicting the show 's characters in some way .
Image caption Merchandise inspired by the programme is available all over Kabul
The popularity of this and other Turkish serials aired on Afghan TV channels has also created a market for Turkish food , furniture and other merchandise .
For Afghans , these Turkish TV dramas have allowed them to look beyond their borders and aspire to a lifestyle that has been absent for nearly 40 years .
You ca n't have too much privacy in today 's all-seeing Internet of big corporations , nosey governments , and “ 14 Eyes. ” ( If you do n't know what that is , do your research ! ) You do n't need to be a criminal not to want your emails spied on , but to have a guarantee of that , you 'll need to find an email service with your privacy as its main concern .
These services are , thankfully , becoming more common , but even among them it 's important to pick out the ones that would n't be able to spy on your data even if they received a government order to . Here are our favorite high-security , high-privacy email providers .
Related : 5 Ways to Encrypt Email for Linux
1 . SCRYPTmail
The developers of this privacy-focused email provider say that what makes it stand out from the competition is something called ‘ Front-end encryption ' , which means that at no point is there any clear-text/unencoded information being sent over the network .
Scryptmail encrypts all its meta-data too , providing security in the unlikely case of a database breach , as well as the usual bits like PGP-standard key exchanges , two-factor authentication , and ANSI passwords .
One point of contention could be that the servers are based in the US , potentially subjecting users toe US court orders and NSA snooping , though they plan on deploying more servers worldwide .
2 . Disroot
New kids on the block of privacy-centric email services should always be approached with caution , as you never quite know if the company will survive or what companies are pulling the strings above them . However , Disroot has in the past couple of years established itself as a great , independent and encrypted email option .
Disroot is ad-free , non-tracking , and does n't snoop around asking for your personal information such as your address or favorite color of boxer shorts . Their browser-based client , Rainloop , is easy to look at and use , but beneath the nice veneer it 's bolstered by the open-source and unbroken GPG encryption .
Disroot 's partnered with all the right companies , too , offering secure cloud storage with Nextcloud and a cloud word processor in the form of EtherPad .
3 . TorGuard
The same people who deliver one of the best VPNs out there are actually also pretty handy in the email department , offering a service that matches up to the privacy you 'd hope for .
With TorGuard Email , you get PGP encryption ( server-side , not end-to-end ) and an email system that 's hidden away on hardware in Ukraine . Once you take all the steps to delete an email from your inbox , it 's gone forever .
TorGuard promises not to track your email usage in any way and does not have contact with any government agencies or third parties without a court order .
4 . Hushmail
This Web , mobile and desktop-based email client has been around for a good while now and has kept up with the times by offering an underground bunker 's worth of security features in an elegant interface . Not even Hushmail itself has access to the contents of your email , all of which is protected by encrypted passwords .
You can send 2048-bit encrypted messages to users of other email providers such as Gmail and Outlook , and can also sync up with people who use other popular encryption methods like OpenPGP . All the usual spam-filtering , blacklisting and anonymity options are in place , too , including an unlimited number of email aliases to keep your identity private .
Unfortunately , Hushmail does n't have a free version anymore , although you can test whether it 's right for you with a fourteen-day trial . It 's completely ad-free and gives you 10GB of storage space to boot .
5 . Runbox
This is not the most well-known super-secure email provider , but in a business where anonymity is key , maybe that 's not such a bad thing . At every point of the process , Runbox has safeguards in place to keep your information away from those who may want to snoop . Every time you send emails , they 're sent over a secure encrypted connection , and anything sent between your email and Runbox servers is encrypted as well . The data is n't encrypted when it 's sitting on the servers , but it 's locked away in a vault in Norway where personal data is protected by the Constitution . ( they take that stuff seriously over there ! )
You can pay the annual price plan using Bitcoin ( the cheapest subscription is $ 20 a year ) for extra anonymity , there are two different kinds of two-factor authentication , and there are no external tracking cookies , meaning that Runbox is n't in bed with advertisers to harvest your data .
At the time of writing , Runbox is working on integrating a PGP ( Pretty Good Privacy ) encryption option which will require both the sender and recipient to generate an encryption key to open emails .
6 . Mailfence
Mailfence does the whole business of privacy a little differently from other services on this list . It uses OpenPGP public key encryption which offers end-to-end encryption based on a key that you share with the recipients of your emails . This whole feature is optional , of course , so you do n't have to go through the whole rigmarole for every mundane email you send .
Mailfence ca n't see into or scan your emails because of their encryption . This service , which also offers calendar , cloud storage and collaboration features , was made in the wake of the Snowden revelations by a group of developers who are passionate about your rights to online privacy .
Finally , in what must surely be a dig at Google , when you go to the Mailfence website and are asked if you want “ Secure and private email service , ” you can click “ No , ” at which point you will be redirected to Gmail . I like these guys !
7 . ProtonMail
ProtonMail is one of the most highly-regarded apps on this list . Forbes called it “ the only email system NSA ca n't access , ” and with good reason . Their servers are located in Switzerland , which means the US government can not forcibly shut them down or order them to produce information . In any case , the emails are encrypted end to end , which makes it impossible to intercept and decipher them . Also , ProtonMail does not log IP addresses , so you are truly anonymous by using this service .
Creating a ProtonMail account is free , though you can upgrade to a premium account to access more features .
8 . Tutanota
Tutanota is a completely open source and free email service that offers end-to-end encryption of emails , including the ability for non-Tutanota users to securely respond to encrypted emails . Once the intended recipient receives your encrypted email , they will not be able to view the subject , attachment or message unless they can produce a password ( which both must have agreed upon previously ) that will unlock the contents of your message . You can also choose not to encrypt your emails , but that defeats the purpose of using Tutanota .
For free accounts , you get 1 GB of storage and no aliases , but you can upgrade to premium for just €1/month to add up to five aliases and map your own domain to Tutanota . Mobile apps are also available for Android and iOS .
9 . Posteo.de
Posteo.de is a Berlin-based service which is also held in high regard when it comes to protecting the privacy of its users . Unlike the above two , Posteo.de is not free and comes with plans starting at €1/month for 2 GB storage capacity with POP3 and IMAP support . Importantly , two-factor authentication is available , which prevents access to your account even if your password is compromised . Posteo.de does not request any personal information while signing up and even allows you to pay anonymously using bank transfer , cash or Paypal .
10 . Kolab Now
Kolab Now is another open-source email service with its servers completely hosted and managed in Switzerland , just like ProtonMail , so your private data is never crawled . The service targets small- and medium-sized enterprises , especially those who want to pass privileged information through email . Just like Posteo.de , Kolab Now makes money by charging its users directly and has two plans starting at $ 4.99 for an individual account . Other features include an integrated note-taking app , email tagging support , contacts and calendar , shared folders and more .
11 . CounterMail
CounterMail is another top email service provider that offers several unique features . It uses OpenPGP 's encryption protocol with 4096 keys to protect your data and also offers end-to-end encryption . Additionally , it offers a secure USB key option that makes it impossible to access your account without your USB key inserted into a USB port . CounterMail supports Linux , macOS and Windows and also has IMAP support in case you want to use your own email client . You can try CounterMail free of charge for a week , after which prices start at $ 6.33/month .
Conclusion
If you need a very high level of privacy in your email , all the above services have good reputations when it comes to protecting your data . Part of the reason they 're so great is that even if governments did want to snoop for whatever reason , and the companies did have to hand over information , it would be virtually impossible to break through their encryption systems .
