Cleverley spent last season on loan at Aston Villa after previous loan spells at Leicester , Watford and Wigan
Everton have completed the signing of Manchester United midfielder Tom Cleverley on a five-year contract .
The 25-year-old , who spent last term on loan at Aston Villa , will join Everton on 1 July when their United deal expires .
They were also called into the England squad for Sunday 's friendly with the Republic of Ireland to replace the injured Ryan Mason of Tottenham .
`` I can think of many reasons why fans will enjoy Tom representing our club , '' said Everton boss Roberto Martinez .
`` The most important one is that they are a perfect fit for what we are trying to build here as they have so much experience of playing in the Premier League and they still have their best years just ahead of him . ''
Cleverley , who has also had loans at Leicester , Watford and Wigan - where Martinez was in charge - won the last of their 13 England caps in November 2013 .
`` At the age of 25 and a player who is representing their country , Tom has experienced winning trophies and having big roles in demanding teams , '' the Toffees manager added .
`` Having worked with them previously , I know the type of character they are and I know that , with the Everton fans ' support , we will get a very special footballer joining our already exciting team .
`` It says a lot also , when someone like Tom is available on a free transfer and they can pick their next club out of many options home and abroad , that they have chosen to play for our football club . That 's the perfect start to their career here at Everton . ''
`` Digit Regeneration Is Regulated by Msx1 and BMP4 in Fetal Mice '' ( 2003 ) , by Manjong Han et al .
In the early 2000s , Manjong Han , Xiaodang Yang , Jennifer Farrington , and Ken Muneoka investigated how genes and proteins in fetal mice ( Mus musculus ) influenced those fetal mice to regenerate severed toes at Tulane University in New Orleans , Louisiana . The group used hind limbs from mice to show how the gene Msx1 ( Homeobox 7 ) functions in regenerating amputated digits . The researchers showed that in the process of regenerating digit tips , Msx1 genes make products that regulate or influence other genes , such as the Bone Morphogenetic Protein 4 gene ( BMP4 gene ) , to produce proteins , such as the BMP4 proteins . The researchers also showed that BMP4 proteins , which are produced from the BMP4 gene , function in tissues during the process of limb development . Furthermore , while Msx1 genes regulate other genes during the process of regeneration , they do n't produce proteins otherwise needed to organize cells in the regeneration of digit tissues . The group published their results in 2003 as `` Digit Regeneration Is Regulated by Msx1 and BMP4 in Fetal Mice . ''
Muneoka , the principal investigator , was a professor at Tulane University . Muneoka aimed to help people with injuries to regenerate tissues instead of forming scar tissues . Muneoka used mice as model organisms in their research experiments . In their research , they manipulated the development of limbs and digits in embryonic mice to learn how cells influenced each other in those embryonic mice .
Muneoka and their research team often amputated the tips of digits in mice . When scientists remove the nail organ from mice , the mice fail to regenerate the digit tips . However , when scientists graft nail organs on amputated digits , the digits and nails regenerate . Muneoka and colleagues suggested that Msx genes causally influenced this phenomenon in a 1995 study , in which they demonstrated that Msx genes make products ( was expressed ) in the cells of the nail-forming region of developing digits . They further showed that Msx1 and Msx2 are present in digit tip regeneration , but not during wound healing , when no regeneration occurs . They concluded that for digit tips to regenerate , Msx genes and products were essential , yet the researchers could n't say why the genes and products were essential .
By 2003 , Muneoka and fellow researchers Han , Yang , and Ferrington , set out to further research the genetic pathway of fetal digit regeneration in mice . They stained embryonic tissues of digits in mice during processes of digit regeneration . Doing so enabled them to identify which genes made products in the tissues during the regeneration process . They did both in vivo and in vitro trials . With the in vivo approach , the researchers operated on anesthetized pregnant mice to expose the hind limbs of their fetuses and amputate the three central digits . After researchers surgically closed the female mouse , they allowed fetal hind limbs to develop for two to four days before they euthanized the mouse . The researchers then recovered the fetal mice for analysis .
As the researchers expected , fetal mice with genes normally found in nature demonstrated a healing response and then began to regenerate their digit tips . Although the regenerated digits were slightly shorter than non-amputated control digits , they otherwise looked normal . The researchers found that the Msx1 gene was expressed between the nail organ and finger bone . They also noted that Msx2 , a gene in the same homeobox domain as the Msx1 gene , was restricted to the outer layer of tissue associated with the nail organ , where there was little BMP4 proteins .
For the in vitro strategy , the researchers took hind limbs from euthanized mice fetuses , trimmed them at the ankle , and then culturing the cells from that tissue in media . The results from the in vitro regeneration of normal digits were similar to that of the in vivo trials . In both cases , Muneoka and their team found that Msx2 gene is expressed solely in the outer tissue , and that both Msx1 and BMP4 genes are expressed in the regenerative region . The researchers found a strongly positive correlation between the expression of genes Msx1 , Msx2 , Bmp4 , and digit regeneration .
The researchers then aimed to see how mice with mutant ( non-functional ) Msx1 and Msx2 genes regenerated digit tips . They created mutants by breeding heterozygote mice , mice with both a normal and a mutant allele , to have offspring that had non-functional Msx1 or Msx2 genes . Next the scientists compared the mice to normal and to heterozygote mice to test the hypothesis that Msx genes function in processes of regeneration . The scientists tested normal , heterozygote , and mutant digits with the asupervisorstioned in vivo and in vitro techniques . The mice with non-functional Msx2 genes regenerated digit tips normally . That result showed that the Msx2 gene does not function in regeneration because mice without the gene displayed normal regeneration . Mice with Msx1 gene mutants , however , regenerated at a frequency much lower than both heterozygote and normal mice .
Among normal mice , ninety-one percent regenerated their digit tips , but among mice with non-functional Msx1 genes , only twenty-eight and thirty-seven percent regenerated digits in the in vitro and in vivo trials , respectively . The researchers then analyzed the proteins produced by the genes in mice with mutant genes . They detected no Msx2 proteins or BMP4 proteins in non-regenerating digits . Conversely , in those mice with Msx1 gene mutants but that did regenerate digit tips successfully , scientists detected products made from Msx2 and BMP4 genes . The results indicated a correlation between Msx2 and BMP4 proteins in regeneration , suggesting that they causally influence regeneration . The results also indicated that Msx1 protein itself does not function in regeneration , as the tips developed normally in its absence .
The group next investigated the interaction between Msx1 and Msx2 genes . They hypothesized that the genes had similar functions in the process of regeneration because their protein products have comparable biochemical properties . To test whether the genes had similar functions , Muneoka and their colleagues analyzed the protein products made from Msx2 genes in digits from mice with the normal gene and from mice with the Msx1 mutant or nonfunctional gene . This experiment showed that for mice without functional Msx1 genes , the Msx2 gene produced more proteins than did those same genes in mice with functional Msx1 genes . The researchers concluded that the Msx2 proteins compensating for the lack of Msx1 proteins in the mutant digits , indicating that Msx1 proteins can restrict Msx2 gene expression in normal digits . The researchers inferred that Msx1 and Msx2 genes function in a partially redundant manner , serving overlapping functions to one another during processes of regeneration .
The group then studied how BMP4 proteins functioned during digit regeneration in mice with mutated Msx1 genes . They found that , if BMP4 genes made proteins in the digits , then the proteins could reverse the defects associated with having mutated Msx1 genes . That is , mice with mutated Msx1 genes could regenerate digit tips normally when BMP4 genes were expressed in the digits . The researchers claimed that , although Msx1 proteins influence the BMP4 gene to produce BMP4 protein in cells , the BMP4 protein does n't need Msx1 protein to function in regenerating tissues like digits . Researchers also suggested that the sole function of Msx1 protein is to regulate or influence the expression of the BMP4 genes .
The group then inhibited the BMP4 genes from producing proteins in mice with normal Msx1 genes and those with mutated Msx1 gene . They found that , when the scientists inhibited BMP4 genes , only nine percent of mice with mutated Msx1 gene regenerated their digit tips , and the number of mice with normal Msx1 genes that regenerated their tips plummeted . The data provided the group with evidence that BMP4 protein acts as the primary signaling factor for fetal digit tip regeneration , regardless of Msx1 gene expression . Although their preliminary work suggested that Msx genes are responsible for a regenerative response , the group 's data in their investigation indicated that BMP4 protein is the sole regulator of digit tip regeneration .
The best frame of reference for people to filter this decision is the VP selection process when Mr. Trump selected Governor Mike Pence . A similar set of decision making principles apply . WARNING – new words again .
Traditionally ( < – key word ) the White House Chief of Staff is the liaison between the President and the various affiliated professional political types who wish to engage with the President .
However , Donald Trump is their own organizational person .
Little research and analysis has ever been given to how small the Trump circle is despite their massive private sector business operations . This is one of those aspects entirely obvious to those who know the private sector , yet brutally overlooked by those talking heads entrenched in the beltway .
The Trump organization is massive in scope and scale , yet they ran the entire operation with only a few very tight inner-circle influences . They are able to do this because Trump is simply a master of complex organizational dynamics . The granules are in charge of the granular , and yet directly connected to the top of the pyramid .
Trump 's operational executive model is very familiar to some who understand the most effective construct within massive organizations .
The optical way of thinking about it is this :
Turn the traditional organizational pyramid upside down ; now ask yourself which direction does the natural granules flow…
Donald Trump lives by the “ how to make a monkey jump ” credo . It 's simply how he 's able to enjoy life and simultaneously have a massive business empire .
As an intensely effective leader Donald Trump spends time making sure : A . ) the right person is in charge of the right system – the person closest to the work , and B . ) once established Trump then focuses energy on keeping the system free of clogs .
You can not consider the Trump selections -for any position- in the same frame of reference ( a top-down power structure ) traditionally held . Trump inverts the power structure and empowers the granular to think , act and operate . Trump will never accept a subordinate 's monkey , and saves themselves only for the gorilla issues :
“ Hey Mr. Trump , I 've got a problem with X ”
Trump : “ What do you think you ought to do about it ” ? …
“ I dunno , – what should I do ” …
Trump : “ what do you think you could do ” ? …
“ But I 'm not the boss , you are – what should I do ” ? …
Trump : “ if you were the boss what would you do ” ? …
If you really want to understand how Trump will run the systems of their administration go and READ THIS . It will help you .
President Trump is setting up Reince Priebus to be the Monkey interception vehicle . This allows President Trump to focus the important intellectual thoughts toward the gorilla issues and their own personal objectives .
We stated on election night that Trump hugging Priebus was strategically brilliant , because this outcome was intensely predictable .
The real circle of important influential people are those in Trump 's gorilla circle . The monkey business , is downstream from the gorilla circle .
Donald Trump is an organizational genius .
( LINK )
( New York , NY ) – President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced that Trump for President CEO Stephen K. Bannon will serve as Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor to the President , and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus will serve as White House Chief of Staff .
Bannon and Priebus will continue the effective leadership team they formed during the campaign , working as equal partners to transform the federal government , making it much more efficient , effective and productive . Bannon and Priebus will also work together with Vice President-elect Mike Pence to help lead the transition process in the run-up to Inauguration Day .
“ I am thrilled to have my very successful team continue with me in leading our country , ” said President-elect Trump . “ Steve and Reince are highly qualified leaders who worked well together on our campaign and led us to a historic victory . Now I will have them both with me in the White House as we work to make America great again . ”
“ I want to thank President-elect Trump for the opportunity to work with Reince in driving the agenda of the Trump Administration , ” noted Bannon . “ We had a very successful partnership on the campaign , one that led to victory . We will have that same partnership in working to help President-elect Trump achieve their agenda . ”
“ It is truly an honor to join President-elect Trump in the White House as their Chief of Staff , ” added Priebus . “ I am very grateful to the President-elect for this opportunity to serve them and this nation as we work to create an economy that works for everyone , secure our borders , repeal and replace Obamacare and destroy radical Islamic terrorism . They will be a great President for all Americans. ” ( link )
( LINK )
Advertisements
A Ukrainian lawmaker wounded in an explosion in Kyiv that killed two people blamed Russia on Thursday for the blast , while officials said they were considering various motives for what they called an act of terrorism .
Ihor Mosiychuk , a member of the populist opposition Radical Party , was hospitalized but did not suffer life-threatening injuries , while their bodyguard and a passerby were killed . Two others were wounded . Ukraine 's state security service ( SBU ) said unknown perpetrators had rigged a motorcycle with explosives that detonated as the lawmaker left a TV station .
Radical Party Leader Oleg Lyashko said they had no doubt the incident was politically motivated , while Mosiychuk blamed Russia .
`` I believe that the initiators are in Moscow , the executors are in Kyiv , '' Mosiychuk said on Facebook .
Russian involvement is one of the possible motives being investigated , deputy Kyiv prosecutor Pavlo Kononenko told journalists .
`` Another explanation is Mosiychuk 's political activity , their public position within our country , '' said Kononenko . `` A third explanation is an attempt on Mosiychuk 's life for personal reasons . ''
Since fighting with pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine broke out in 2014 , the number of incidents involving explosives outside the conflict zone has increased , but vehicle bombings in the capital are relatively rare .
In June , a colonel in Ukraine 's military intelligence was killed by a car bomb in central Kyiv . In 2016 a prominent investigative journalist , Pavel Sheremet , was killed by an explosive device in their car .
Radical Party lawmaker Evhen Deidei posted photos on their Facebook page from the scene of Wednesday 's attack which showed the burnt-out shell of a motorcycle in front of a damaged vehicle .
`` Judging by the damage to the car and the shrapnel holes in the doors , the power of the explosion was pretty strong , '' they said . `` There is a lot of blood on the stairs , where Ihor was situated at the time of the explosion .
Shkiryak said political analyst Vitaliy Bala was one of the three wounded in the blast .
Denver 's housing market is on fire .
Home prices have shot up by double-digits , inventory has fallen dramatically and multiple offers with bidding wars have become common .
One factor driving the demand : pot . The budding industry has impacted home prices since the state legalized marijuana in 2012 .
`` There has been a huge bump in real estate prices due to the legalization of marijuana , '' according to James Paine , managing partner at West Realty Advisors . `` It 's massively pushed up raw land and industry prices . ''
In March , Denver experienced the second-largest jump in annual home prices at 10 % , just behind San Francisco , according to the S & P/Case-Shiller Home Price Index .
Related : House hunting horror stories
While the legalization of marijuana is n't the only thing driving the market , it has contributed to job growth in the area that has people flocking to Denver .
`` The pot industry is creating jobs we did n't have before , '' said Kelly Moye , a Re/Max real estate agent who has worked in the Denver area for 24 years . `` It 's brand new , it adds a whole new factor to the area ; you have real estate needs , housing needs , job needs . ''
The industry has created jobs beyond growers and dispensaries . Legal marijuana has also been a boon for existing businesses like security and HVAC companies who service the new `` green '' businesses . `` Electricians have grown from mom and pops to big-time electric companies , '' said J.P. Speers , an agent at ‎Berkshire Hathaway Home Services .
Denver and its surrounding areas have also become a hot spot for the tech industry , adding to the job rush .
`` It 's fairly affordable , at least for now , '' said Moye . `` The quality of life is great and employers are bringing their employees here . ''
Related : Why your rent check just keeps going up
But it 's difficult to pinpoint exactly what enticed a person to move to the state . `` A lot of them try to hide it , '' said Speers , who has worked with clients moving to the state because of legalization . `` They do n't necessarily say they are coming out to be part of the marijuana industry . ''
They said they helped find a rental unit for a mom coming from out of state to access medicinal marijuana for their daughter .
He 's also seen an increase in lease-to-purchase or home rentals for tenants looking to start growing operations . `` They are not necessarily legal operations either , '' they said .
While the new law might be creating more jobs and adding to the housing market 's strength , it can sometimes work against sellers . `` I had a lot of trouble selling one property because one of the neighbors was growing so much that buyers were concerned , '' said Speers .
Related : World 's hottest luxury housing markets
First-time buyers and anyone looking for a home at the lower-end of the market face stiff competition . `` There are a lot of first-time buyers , '' said Toby Waters , a real estate agent with Vision Denver Homes . `` The rental market is insane , you can save money by buying a house . ''
Inventory has been tight in the city . In a normal market , Denver typically has around 24,000 listings , according to Moye . But right now , they said there are only around 4,000 .
But there is the nagging question of just how long the real estate buzz will last .
Moye said the market has room to run for five to seven years barring any major economic disasters .
If more states legalize marijuana , that could also take away some of the state 's luster . `` We are going to continue to see an increase in population growth based on marijuana until other states start picking up recreational laws , '' said Speers .
Review – Moshi Moshi Harajuku
I ca n't play it off , I had no idea who Kyary Pamyu Pamyu was until the Internet found their Tsukematsukeru song and championed their message of false eyelashes and guys dancing in lion suits . However , before that single arrived , they had another EP that I needed to ingest with the quickness .
The album Moshi Moshi Harajuku ( literally : Hello Harajuku ) came out last year ( 2011 ) ago and was made popular for the track “ PONPONPON ” in which Kyary is just too damn cute and personifies the way that my mind is always working . You can imagine my surprise when I found that the EP was available through iTunes for the low asking price of $ 6 . Seriously , I 've spent upwards of $ 80 for the soundtrack for Bubblegum Crisis , so paying a sliver of that cost for some legit JPOP had me sold .
I 'm glad to say that my investment was well worth it…as there 's not a bad song on the entire EP .
Before this EP was released , Kyary was a fashion blogger and model based out of the Harajuku district of Tokyo…and if you do n't know what that means , I 'll give you a second to google Harajuku and Japan . Please take as much time as necessary because it 's a fascinating part of the world .
As I write this , Kyary has released a new EP which is good as well , it fails to capture the charm of Moshi Moshi Harajuku , more specifically the tracks “ PONPONPON ” and their version of Capsule 's “ Jelly ” ( keep an eye open for me gushing about them later ) . These two tracks are the heart and soul of the album , but if I had to pick one song in particular to share with you all , it would have to be “ Chodo Iino ” .
Editors note : Finding a legit Youtube Video while Xopher is asleep is HARD ( RT )
On this track the real potential for Ms. Pamyu Pamyu to grow into a full fledged idol appears . I 'm not talking AKB idol , I 'm talking Megumi , Mayumi , and Ayumi Hamasaki levels of renown , she 's that damn good .
I could go on and on about this EP , but if you 're a fan of JPOP , especially the kind made my an amazing producing genius by the name of Nakata Yasutaka ( of Capsule fame ) . It has the perfect blend of electro-pop that so many American groups try to create or mimic , but is all done without the slightest bit of fluff or grrl power . Get it , now !
Conor McGregor , Robbie Lawler and Holly Holm will share the spotlight with some of the biggest stars in the sports world at the 2016 ESPYs .
The annual ESPN-run awards show airs live on ABC July 13 at 8 p.m . ET . WWE superstar John Cena will handle hosting duties .
UFC featherweight champ McGregor ( 19-3 MMA , 7-1 UFC ) and welterweight champ Lawler ( 27-10 MMA , 12-4 UFC ) both earned a nomination for “ Best Fighter. ” The other nominees for the category are boxers Gennady Golovkin , Canelo Alvarez and Roman Gonzalez .
McGregor also earned a nomination in the “ Best Breakthrough Athlete ” category . Also nominated are Chicago Cubs ace pitcher Jake Arrieta , American snowboarder Chloe Kim and Karl-Anthony Towns of the NBA 's Minnesota Timberwolves .
Former women 's bantamweight champ Holm ( 10-1 MMA , 3-1 UFC ) received a pair of nominations , both for their stunning head kick knockout of Ronda Rousey to win the belt at UFC 193 . They will be up for the awards for “ Best Upset ” and “ Best Play . ”
You can check out the full list of nominees at ESPN 's official website .
For more on the UFC 's upcoming schedule , check out the UFC Rumors section of the site .
In this post I am not going to discuss how to use Plug but rather explore how it works ! This is because I find the code written using Plug to be really neat and if you have read the first link you would feel the same ! But if you did n't I will try to trigger your curiosity with the following example which , by the way , is taken from the Phoenix project :
defmodule HelloPhoenix.MessageController do
use HelloPhoenix.Web , : controller
def show ( conn , params ) do
case authenticate ( conn ) do
{ : ok , user } - >
case find_message ( params [ `` id '' ] ) do
nil - >
conn | > put_flash ( : info , `` That message was n't found '' ) | > redirect ( to : `` / '' )
message - >
case authorize_message ( conn , params [ `` id '' ] )
: ok - >
render conn , : show , page : find_page ( params [ `` id '' ] )
: error - >
conn | > put_flash ( : info , `` You ca n't access that page '' ) | > redirect ( to : `` / '' )
end
end
: error - >
conn | > put_flash ( : info , `` You must be logged in '' ) | > redirect ( to : `` / '' )
end
end
end
Do n't be intimidated by the above code just focus on the show ( ) function here . Observe the case statements , in outermost case statement we try to authenticate user , if this operation succeeds we have another nested case statement that tries to find message and if it succeeds we have yet another nested case statement which tires to authorize it . Notice how these set of dependant operations , by dependant I mean that the next operation is executed only if the previous is executed successfully , leads to a nested and unreadable code . Now the above code when written using Plug looks as follows :
defmodule HelloPhoenix.MessageController do
use HelloPhoenix.Web , : controller
plug : authenticate
plug : find_message
plug : authorize_message
def show ( conn , params ) do
render conn , : show , page : find_page ( params [ `` id '' ] )
end
defp authenticate ( conn , _ ) do
case Authenticator.find_user ( conn ) do
{ : ok , user } - >
assign ( conn , : user , user )
: error - >
conn | > put_flash ( : info , `` You must be logged in '' ) | > redirect ( to : `` / '' ) | > halt
end
end
defp find_message ( conn , _ ) do
case find_message ( params [ `` id '' ] ) do
nil - >
conn | > put_flash ( : info , `` That message was n't found '' ) | > redirect ( to : `` / '' ) | > halt
message - >
assign ( conn , : message , message )
end
end
defp authorize_message ( conn , _ ) do
if Authorizer.can_access ? ( conn.assigns [ : user ] , conn.assigns [ : message ] ) do
conn
else
conn | > put_flash ( : info , `` You ca n't access that page '' ) | > redirect ( to : `` / '' ) | > halt
end
end
end
Notice that all the nested operations have been converted into individual functions and on top we have defined an invocation sequence i.e .
plug : authenticate
plug : find_message
plug : authorize_message
using the plug macro . Is n't this cool ! You can write whatever functions you want and define a pipeline sequence ( as above ) over them . This way the error handling for a particular operation is contained in the function itself rather than being all over the place .
I hope the above example is intriguing enough to investigate the sorcery behind Plug ! But before we have look at the source code let 's see how to write a plug
defmodule MyPlug do
use Plug.Builder
plug : set_header
plug : send_ok
def set_header ( conn , _opts ) do
put_resp_header ( conn , `` x-header '' , `` set '' )
end
def send_ok ( conn , _opts ) do
send ( conn , 200 , `` ok '' )
end
end
The above code example has been taken from Elixir docs and we will call it “ the basic plug ” , keep this name in mind as I will be using it quite a few times . The code seems pretty much similar to previous plug code we have seen , apart from the use Plug.Builder statement . To understand this code we dive into the Plug source code which is openly available !
The link below is the only module you will need to understand from the Plug source code to get a basic picture of what is going on .
https : //github.com/elixir-lang/plug/blob/master/lib/plug/builder.ex
Also there some links available at the end of this article which will prove to be useful while we dissect the above source code . So I suggest you open them in separate tabs , come back and read on … do n't get let stuck on those links while opening new tabs … do come back !
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has vowed to kill 'ninja-criminal police officers ' who are still involved in the illegal drug trading after facing disciplinary action .
The threat came as it emerged some 250 corrupt officers failed to turn up to a re-deployment flight .
Last week only 17 per cent of those due to take a flight to Basilan , southern Philippines , showed up at Pasay City 's Villamor Airbase for their flight , reported Gulf News .
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte ( pictured ) has vowed to kill 'ninja-criminal ' corrupt police officers
President Duterte said : 'They should be subjected to summary dismissal . I have requested the police to form particularly a squad that will watch over the dismissed police officers .
'Most of them — the ninja-criminal police officers — are high on the [ target ] list . '
They added that they would not spare any rogue officer stating : 'You will be killed , if you make a mistake , you will be killed . That 's for sure . '
Last month Duterte withdrew the police force from their drug war and denounced the force as 'corrupt to the core . Pictured : Policemen guard a crime scene where the body of an alleged criminal lies on the street in Manila in December 2016
Last month Duterte withdrew the police force from their drug war and denounced the force as 'corrupt to the core ' .
However , they announced today that they would recall officers to fight against the illegal trade .
' I need more men and I have to call back the police again , ' Duterte told reporters , adding they had instructed their police chief to find young officers who were not corrupt to join anti-drug groups .
'At yesterday 's command conference I ordered ( him ) to recruit young men in the Philippine National Police who are imbued with the fervour of patriotism , ' they said .
Duterte won presidential elections last year after promising to eradicate drugs in society by killing tens of thousands of people . Pictured : Duterte ( L ) talks to Philippine National Police Director General Ronald Dela Rosa ( R ) during a press conference in Manila on January 30 , 2017
Duterte announced today that they would recall officers to fight against the illegal trade . Graphic charting drug-related killings in the Philippines since July 2016
Duterte won presidential elections last year after promising to eradicate drugs in society by killing tens of thousands of people .
Since then , police have reported killing more than 2,550 people , while more than 4,000 others have died in unexplained circumstances , according to official figures .
Duterte had been unrepentant in the face of widespread international criticism of the drug war , including accusations the police were murdering people for their own gain and organising anonymous vigilante death squads .
I 've made a lot of bad rules in the decade I 've been a mom , from irrational threats ( `` No graham crackers in the house ever again if you eat them in the living room even one more time '' ) to forbidding human nature ( `` You may not fight with your sister '' ) . But occasionally I 've come up with rules that work better than I 'd ever contemplated . These made-up rules have an internal logic that defies easy categorization , but their clarity and enforceability make them work . Several of them are not , technically , rules at all , but declarations of policy or fact . And they 're all easy to remember . A few personal favorites , plus those of other moms :
Rule # 1 : You ca n't be in the room when I 'm working unless you work , too
Goal : Get your child to help , or stop bugging you , while you do chores
It might seem odd , but I do n't mind doing laundry , cleaning floors or really any kind of housework . But I do mind my kids , oblivious to the fact that my arms are full of their underwear , asking me to find their missing doll shoe or do a puzzle with them . Until recently , this was a source of great frustration , especially when our household grew to five kids when my husband , Taylor , and I became temporary foster parents for two months .
I tried to explain to my expanded brood that if they helped me fold laundry , we could do something together sooner . But they knew I 'd be available anyway if I finished folding myself , so the argument was n't compelling .
And then one day , as my oldest foster daughter sat and watched me work , asking me favors and waiting for me to be done , I came up with a rule that takes into account two important facts about kids :
They actually want to be with you as much as possible .
You ca n't force them to help you in any way that is truly helpful .
I played fact one against fact two and told them that they did n't have to help me but could n't just sit and watch . They had to go elsewhere . Given a choice between being with me and folding laundry or not being with me at all , they took option one .
Why it works : I did n't care which they chose . And it was their choice , so it gave them control even as it took it away .
Rule # 2 : I do n't work past 8 p.m .
Goal : Regular bedtimes and time off for you
You ca n't just announce a rule to your husband and kids that says , `` Bedtime has to go really smoothly so I can get a break at the end of the day . '' It wo n't happen . But if you flip the problem and make a rule about you instead of telling everyone what they have to do , it all falls neatly—and miraculously—into place .
When this occurred to me , back when my oldest was 6 and my youngest was nearly 2 , I announced to Anna and Taylor that the U.S. Department of Labor had just created a new rule and I was no longer allowed to do any kind of mom jobs past 8:00 in the evening . I would gladly read books , play games , listen to stories of everyone 's day or give baths—the whole mother package—before then . Then I held firm—I acted as if it were out of my hands . Sort of like Cinderella and midnight .
Suddenly , my 6-year-old ( and my husband ) developed a new consciousness of time . My daughter actually rushed to get ready for bed just after dinner so that we could have lots of books and time together before I was `` off . '' My husband , realizing that if things dragged past 8:00 he 'd have to face putting both girls to sleep himself , became more helpful . Anna 's now 11 , and my hours have been extended , but the idea that I 'm not endlessly available has been preserved and integrated into our family routine .
Why it works : You 're not telling anyone else what to do . The rule is for you , so you have only yourself to blame if it 's not enforced .
Rule # 3 : You get what you get , and you do n't throw a fit
Goal : No more haggling—over which pretzel has more salt or who gets their milk in the prized red cup and who in the cursed green , or which cast member of Blue 's Clues adorns whose paper plate
My friend Joyce , director of our town 's preschool , told us about this terrific rule , now repeated by everyone I know on playgrounds and at home . Not only does it have a boppy rhythm that makes it fun to say , but it does good old `` Life is n't fair '' one better by spelling out both the essential truth of life 's arbitrary inequities and the only acceptable response to the world 's unfairness : You do n't throw a fit .
When I first heard this , I was skeptical . It seemed too simple . But to my utter surprise , not only did it do the trick but kids seemed to rally around it almost with relief . They must have seen that if it applied to them today it might apply to someone else tomorrow .
Why it works : It 's irrefutable—it almost has the ring of runic or prehistoric truth to it—and rather than focusing on an abstract notion like `` fairness , '' it speaks directly to the situation at hand .
Rule # 4 : Take that show on the road
Goal : Peace and quiet
Is it just me or does someone saying `` one-strawberry , two-strawberry , three-strawberry '' over and over in a squeaky voice make you want to smash some strawberries into a pulpy mess ? I want my kids to be gleefully noisy when they need and want to be . But I do n't feel it 's necessary that I be their audience/victim past a few minutes or so , or that I should have to talk ( shout ? ) over their , um , joyous clamor when I 'm on the phone . So once I 've shown attention adequate to their display , I tell them that they 're free to sing , bang , chant or caterwaul to their hearts ' content , just not here . The same goes for whining , tantrums and generic pouting .
For the irrational and long-winded whining jags sometimes used by their 4-year-old son , my friend Denise has turned this rule to a pithy declaration : `` I 'm ready to listen when you 're ready to talk . '' They then leaves the room .
Why it works : It gives children a choice rather than a prohibition and does so without rejecting them .
Rule # 5 : We do n't argue about money
Goal : Short-circuit begging and pleading for stuff
This rule has to be enforced consistently to work , but the basic deal is that you can tell your child yes or no on any requested purchase , but you do n't discuss it . If your child protests , simply repeat , calmly , like a mantra , that you wo n't argue about money . The key to success is that you have to have the courage of your convictions and not argue . Thus the calm repetition .
It cuts both ways , though : When your kids want to spend their `` own '' money , point out potential mistakes and give advice on the purchase if you 'd like , but at the end of the day , do n't overrule them unless it 's a matter of health or safety . After all , you do n't argue about money . They may make some bad choices , but they 'll learn . And you 'll all enjoy shopping together a lot more .
Why it works : It shifts the focus from the whined-for treat to financial policy . You 're almost changing the topic on them , no longer debating why they should or should n't have gum or some plastic plaything and , instead , invoking a reasonable-sounding family value .
Rule # 6 : I ca n't understand you when you speak like that
Goal : Stopping whining , screaming and general rudeness
This one requires almost religious consistency of application to work effectively . But , essentially , you simply proclaim incomprehension when your child orders ( rather than asks ) you to do something , whines or otherwise speaks to you in a way you do n't like . Whispering this helps ; it takes the whole thing down a notch on the carrying-on scale . This is a de-escalation tool , so calmly repeat the rule a few times and do n't get lured into raising your voice . A child who 's whining or being rude is clearly seeking attention and drama , so use this as a way to provide neither .
Why it works : It empowers your child by suggesting they have something valuable to say ( if they say it nicely ) and allows you to completely invalidate ( i.e. , ignore ) the rude presentation .
Rule # 7 : There 's no such thing as boredom
Goal : Prevent your child from saying `` I 'm bored '' ; teach them to entertain themselves
A friend of mine says this is one of the few things they got right with their kids . The first time their older daughter claimed they were bored they simply denied that the thing existed . Now they sometimes add : `` There 's no such thing as boredom , only failure of the imagination '' or `` ... only mental laziness . '' Surprisingly he 's never gotten the `` There is too boredom ! '' argument , only an exasperated `` Da-ad . '' Regardless of the phrasing , the result is the same : The burden of amusement lands directly on your child , which is precisely where you want it .
Why it works : By the time your kids have figured out the puzzle of how something that exists can also not exist , they wo n't be bored . Also , it changes the terms of debate , from a challenge for you ( list all my toys , then cave in and let me watch TV ) to one for them . Besides—if your child learns how to entertain herself , there truly is no such thing as boredom . And that 's a gift that will last all their life .
A top E.U . leader warned Wednesday that a U.S. congressional vote to strip President Trump of the ability to remove sanctions against Russia could backfire , dealing a blow to transatlantic efforts to curb Russian aggression against Ukraine and sparking a trade war between Europe and the United States .
The House of Representatives approved the measure Tuesday , 419 to 3 , after the Senate passed similar legislation last month in a 98-to-2 vote . The White House has not indicated whether Trump will sign the bill .
The bill 's main goal is to force Trump to consult with Congress before dialing back sanctions , a reaction to a White House plan weighed in their first weeks in office to unilaterally end the measures against the Kremlin . But the legislation would also give Trump the power to ban investments in certain Russian energy projects , most notably a major Russia-to-Germany gas pipeline under development called Nord Stream 2 , and to promote U.S. energy exports instead .
The legislation 's language was softened in the days ahead of the vote , in apparent acknowledgment of European worries . But many policymakers and experts in the European Union 's capital , Brussels , and in Berlin still say that Congress may ultimately harm its own effort to pressure Russia . The worries are also a measure of the Trump White House 's diminished standing in Europe , since the policymakers are mistrustful of U.S. natural-gas exports that were welcomed during the Obama administration .
“ The U.S. bill could have unintended unilateral effects that impact the E.U . 's energy security interests , ” European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said in a statement Wednesday . “ If our concerns are not taken into account sufficiently , we stand ready to act appropriately within a matter of days . America first can not mean that Europe 's interests come last . ”
( U.S. House of Representatives )
[ U.S. retaliation over Russian hacking prompts stark response from Moscow ]
Separately , the German government questioned the move , voicing suspicions that the measure may simply be an effort to boost U.S. energy exports by hammering European gas projects .
It is “ unacceptable for the United States to use possible sanctions as an instrument to serve the interests of U.S. industrial policy , ” German Foreign Ministry spokesperson Martin Schaefer said in Berlin .
The initial U.S. sanctions on Russia after its 2014 annexation of Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula were unusual because they were negotiated with the E.U . Obama administration policymakers reasoned that their efforts would have a bigger effect if they presented a united front with Europe , which carries on far more trade with Russia than does the United States . Since then , policymakers on both sides of the Atlantic have moved largely in lockstep .
But Trump 's unusual friendliness with Russian President Vladimir Putin raised concerns about whether they would abandon the E.U . on sanctions , and Congress responded with near-unanimity to strengthen the measures .
The bill also gives Trump the power to impose sanctions on the pipeline under development between Russia and Germany , a project that many policymakers in Europe and the United States say will harm Ukraine by enabling Russian gas to completely bypass it . The pipeline — which will double the capacity of the existing Nord Stream link — may also increase European dependence on Russian gas imports .
Days ahead of the vote , language was added to the bill saying that the president should coordinate with U.S. allies before moving on this front , in what backers view as an attempt to calm European concerns .
1 of 58 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A look at President Trump 's first year in office , so far View Photos . Caption Scenes from the Republican 's beginning months in the White House . Jan. 25 , 2017 Trump signs an executive order for border security and immigration enforcement improvements at the Department of Homeland Security in Washington . Chip Somodevilla/Pool photo via Bloomberg News Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
“ I think what we have done is made them comfortable , ” said Sen. Bob Corker ( R-Tenn. ) , who is chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and helped spearhead the legislation .
Many in Eastern Europe are wary of the pipeline project and welcome any effort to quash it . But even some European critics of the pipeline say that the U.S. push is counterproductive and that Europe would be better off fighting Nord Stream internally and on its own terms .
“ They are making more enemies from this anti-Nord Stream policy than they needed to , ” said Georg Zachmann , an energy expert at Bruegel , a Brussels-based think tank . “ Essentially , if it 's not managing to kill the project , it 's strengthening it . ”
That was underlined in a joint declaration of support for the pipeline project from the German foreign minister and the Austrian chancellor last month .
Because the sanctions measure also declares support for “ the export of United States energy resources in order to create American jobs , ” alarm bells have sounded in Europe that the bill is targeting Nord Stream simply so that U.S. industry can prosper . The Obama administration also fought the pipeline and opened U.S. natural gas for export , but it did so as part of a more cooperative approach with Europe .
“ You have all of the narrative behind it , of America first , ” said Kirsten Westphal , an energy security expert at the Berlin-based German Institute for International and Security Affairs . “ President Trump is complaining about the high exports of Germany — if you change the terms of trade in a sense , and if you make Germany import more expensive LNG [ liquefied natural gas ] from somewhere , maybe the U.S. , then this would also alter the broader balance of trade . The Europeans see the broader picture . ”
U.S. defenders of the effort to limit Trump 's ability to roll back sanctions say Europe should calm its concerns .
“ We did n't set out to fight with the European Union . We set out to counter Russia , ” said Daniel Fried , who directed the Obama administration 's sanctions policies until January . “ This bill was not directed against Europe by the Trump administration . It was directed against the Trump administration by both parties in Congress . ”
Karoun Demirjian in Washington contributed to this report .
Read more
Obama 's secret struggle to punish Russia for Putin 's election assault
The legal battle pitting Trump 's secretaries of treasury and state against each other
Today 's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
Goal.com reported today that Andres Guardado might not be joining Atlanta United this summer after all . Guardado returned to training with PSV today after a break following the Copa American Centenario .
Andrés Guardado is terug : 'De vakantie was prima en ik voel me fit voor komend seizoen . ' Later meer bij PSV TV . pic.twitter.com/sYPGWeMrLn — PSV ( @ PSV ) July 12 , 2016
Andres Guardado is back : `` The holiday was fine and I feel fit for next season . '' More later at PSV TV .
ESPN 's John Sutcliffe has reported throughout the summer that Atlanta United has been chasing Guardado as a Designated Player signing . Goal reported that Atlas , their original Mexican club , was to be their loan destination for the LigaMX Apertura .
With the deal not being done at this point and the LigaMX Apertura kicking off on Saturday , Guardado returned to PSV and Goal reports that they will play one more season there . It is not ruled out that Guardado might return to Atlas in the future .
As with all rumors and reports , it 's important to take them with a grain of salt . The lack of a deal getting done by now does not rule out the chance of Guardado signing with Atlanta United this summer . The MLS transfer window is open until August 3 .
NEWARK , N.J. -- There 's no better cure for an untimely losing streak than returning to form against a division rival , and that 's what the New Jersey Devils will look to do against their Metropolitan Division nemesis New York Rangers on Tuesday at Prudential Center .
The Devils , who look to end a three-game losing streak , have n't lost four straight since they began the season 0-3-1 . New Jersey , three points behind the Pittsburgh Penguins for the second wild card spot into the Stanley Cup Playoffs from the Eastern Conference , has been outscored 11-6 the past three .
`` It 's a huge game , and even though you never want to say it 's a must-win until they are , we know the importance of this game , '' Devils right wing Lee Stempniak said . `` I thought we 've played well over the past two games especially ( a 1-0 loss against the New York Islanders on Feb. 19 ) and for long stretches ( in a 4-3 loss at the Washington Capitals on Saturday ) . We still did n't get the two points , though , and this is the time of year you ca n't let those things slide . ''
Defenseman Damon Severson will be back in the lineup after sitting out two games as a healthy scratch . Severson , who will replace Seth Helgeson , was paired with Jon Merrill during the morning skate .
`` I think our game is in order , '' Devils coach John Hynes said , `` but we just have to make sure that we 're playing for 60 minutes , and playing the right way because that 's a key to our success . ''
Devils goaltender Cory Schneider has allowed 10 goals during the losing streak after allowing 11 in their previous seven starts . They have been seeking their 26th win , which would match a career high ( 2014-15 ) , since their last victory on Feb. 13 . Schneider has a 1.65 goals-against average in three games against the Rangers this season .
`` No matter what the situation is , there will be times when you play well or struggle and do n't win games , '' Hynes said . `` Let 's figure out how we can get better and get out of it , and maybe that 's [ against the Rangers ] . It 's about continuing to do the right things , and we believe if we do , as a group , we 'll get out of it and remain competitive . ''
The Rangers did not hold a morning skate but captain Ryan McDonagh was on the ice for a workout . Forward Marek Hrivik and goaltender Antti Raanta joined McDonagh .
McDonagh sat out a fifth time in seven games Sunday , but the Rangers improved to 7-1-1 in the past nine with a 1-0 overtime victory against the Detroit Red Wings . The Rangers are 4-0-1 without McDonagh in the lineup . The defenseman sat out four straight games because of a head injury and had to leave a 4-2 win at the Toronto Maple Leafs on Feb. 18 after forward Leo Komarov elbowed them in the head .
Rangers left wing J.T . Miller has scored three goals in the past two games against New Jersey , but has gone without a goal in six straight .
The Devils have won two of three games against the Rangers this season . They had a 3-2 win at Prudential Center on Feb. 2 to end a four-game home losing streak in the series , but lost 2-1 in the rematch at Madison Square Garden six days later .
Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist is 3-1-1 with a 1.59 GAA in their past five games against the Devils .
Here are the projected lineups :
RANGERS
Chris Kreider - Derek Stepan - Mats Zuccarello
J.T . Miller - Derick Brassard - Jesper Fast
Oscar Lindberg - Kevin Hayes - Viktor Stalberg
Tanner Glass - Dominic Moore - Marek Hrivik
Keith Yandle - Dan Girardi
Marc Staal - Kevin Klein
Dan Boyle - Dylan McIlrath
Henrik Lundqvist
Antti Raanta
Injured : Ryan McDonagh ( jaw/neck ) , Rick Nash ( bone bruise )
Scratched : None
DEVILS
Joseph Blandisi - Adam Henrique - Lee Stempniak
Reid Boucher - Travis Zajac - Kyle Palmieri
Sergey Kalinin - Jacob Josefson - Tyler Kennedy
Tuomo Ruutu - Stephen Gionta - Jordin Tootoo
Andy Greene - Adam Larsson
John Moore - David Schlemko
Damon Severson - Jon Merrill
Cory Schneider
Keith Kinkaid
Injured : Michael Cammalleri ( right hand ) , Stefan Matteau ( facial fracture ) , Patrik Elias ( right knee ) , Jiri Tlusty ( right wrist )
Scratched : Bobby Farnham , Eric Gelinas , Seth Helgeson
Status update : McDonagh , who skated on their own the past two days , hopes to return to the lineup either at the St. Louis Blues on Thursday or at the Dallas Stars on Saturday . … Hynes is hopeful Elias , who has missed the past 26 games , will play again before the regular season ends . `` It 's going to come down to whether their body will allow them to be able to get back in by the end of the season , but we 're planning and hoping that it 'll work out for our team , '' Hynes said … Cammalleri , who has missed the past 10 games , remains week-to-week . `` It 's one of those ( injuries ) where for us and for him , they do things to help it get better and we try to progress it and sometimes there 's a setback and sometimes it keeps going forward , so there 's really no answer or time frame , '' Hynes said .
Who 's hot : Hayes has three goals and six points in the past six games . … Boucher has two goals and six points in the past six games .
The Conservative leadership campaign has become a debate over immigration . Resolving that debate could determine the party 's future . Because immigrants decide elections .
In every campaign since 1968 , with the single exception of 2006 , the party that dominated the broad band of suburban ridings surrounding Toronto formed the government . Most of those ridings have large concentrations of immigrants .
But strategists report that the typical Conservative Party member is white , male and over 60 . Some of them are sympathetic to the nativist arguments that vaulted Donald Trump into the American presidency .
Story continues below advertisement
Gary Mason : Will Kevin O'Leary be stopped ?
Mark Milke : Why Canadian norms and values matter
What , exactly , are the values that animate the Conservative candidates when it comes to immigration ? What changes would they make to the system , as prime minister ? In essence , the debate pits Kellie Leitch against the rest .
Dr. Leitch , a pediatric surgeon and MP for Simcoe-Grey , north of Toronto , galvanized the campaign by declaring that every immigrant entering Canada should be subject to a face-to-face interview and screened for `` Canadian values , '' which they define as a commitment to freedom , equality of opportunity , hard work and generosity .
`` I do believe that we should sort of slow it down '' so that `` we can make sure that the individuals who are coming into our country share our values … and to integrate the immigrant better , '' they told The Globe and Mail .
Such a lengthy procedure would likely decrease the number of immigrants admitted to Canada , each year , while also increasing the costs of admitting them . On the latter point , `` my intent will be to transfer the cost to the immigrant , '' Dr. Leitch revealed .
Chris Alexander , who was immigration minister in the third Harper government , offered a `` back-of-the-envelope '' estimate of $ 1,000 per immigrant to implement Dr. Leitch 's plan .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
They advocate the opposite approach : increasing the intake to a maximum of 400,000 new arrivals a year , 70 per cent of them economic immigrants , provided economic conditions warrant .
This figure is well above the 250,000 targets set by prime ministers from Brian Mulroney to Stephen Harper and the 300,000 targets that Justin Trudeau 's Liberal government has set .
`` I see the whole question of immigration as a component of our economic policy , '' they said . Young entrepreneurial immigrants , Mr. Alexander said , slow the aging of the population and generate economic growth .
Maxime Bernier , who represents the Quebec riding of Beauce , would reduce immigration numbers back down to 250,000 .
Immigration `` has to be done organically and gradually , '' they said . `` When it happens too fast , it creates social tensions and conflicts , and creates a political backlash , as we can see today in several countries . ''
Others ( not all of the 13 candidates were interviewed for this story ) avoided setting a target , saying that such quotas are arbitrary and that the real focus should be on recruiting as many immigrants as are needed to fill skills gaps in the labour force .
Story continues below advertisement
Focusing on `` the actual number misses the point , '' said Michael Chong , who represents the Ontario riding of Wellington-Halton Hills . `` We need an evidence-based policy on immigration that puts Canada 's economic interests at the forefront , '' they maintained .
There was general agreement that the temporary foreign worker ( TFW ) program needs to be overhauled to make it easier for employers to recruit temporary workers when Canadians are not available , while ensuring qualified Canadians are n't passed over in favour of foreigners .
Erin O'Toole , who represents the Greater Toronto Area riding of Durham , would like to see the program scaled back .
`` We allowed the TFW to become a permanent Band-Aid , and that 's what I want to stop , '' they said . Instead , resources should focus on training or retraining Canadian workers to eliminate labour shortages , while encouraging permanent immigrants to settle in regions , such as the Maritimes , with stagnant economies at risk of population decline .
The Conservatives were damaged in the last election by refusing to support a major airlift of Syrian refugees , even as the Liberals won popular support by vowing to bring in 25,000 almost immediately .
Now , Conservatives maintain , many of those refugees are struggling to find housing , jobs and language training . `` The Liberals are using a devastating tragedy for political purposes , '' Regina MP Andrew Scheer said . They and other candidates think Canada 's refugee policy should focus on private rather than government sponsorship , to help refugees integrate more successfully .
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Bernier would end Canada 's involvement with the United Nations in refugee selection . `` Civil-society groups that work on the ground have a much better grasp of who could successfully integrate into Canada than a big international bureaucracy , '' they maintained .
None of the other candidates supported Ms. Leitch 's vow to screen every immigrant for anti-Canadian attitudes .
`` When Kellie talks about values tests , that 's going to be a hard sell for somebody who wants to come and set up a software company , but who wo n't come if they 're going to get questioned about whether they 're Canadian enough , '' Lisa Raitt , who represents the GTA riding of Milton , said . They endorse an immigration policy that 's flexible and responsive in meeting local economic needs , while maintaining a refugee program based on humanitarian principles and a temporary foreign workers program that is targeted and flexible .
But Mr. Bernier and Mr. Scheer do support some increase in screening . `` I absolutely believe that we have core Canadian values that we need to promote and protect and defend , '' Mr. Scheer said , though they questioned the `` practicality '' of Dr. Leitch 's approach .
Under Stephen Harper , the Conservatives enjoyed broad support from immigrant Canadians , many of whom are economically and socially more conservative than many native-born Canadians .
But when the party promised during the 2015 election campaign to root out `` barbaric cultural practices , '' it made Conservatives look anti-immigrant .
Story continues below advertisement
New Canadians will support the Conservatives , but only if they believe that Conservatives support them .
POPE FRANCIS HAS offered a surprise public apology from the Catholic Church for a series of scandals which have shaken the city of Rome and the Vatican , from gay sex to drug use .
The Vatican has been the focus of several controversies including the coming out of a gay priest and the leaking of a controversial letter , while reports have emerged in Rome of drug-popping priests frequenting male prostitutes .
“ I want , in the name of the Church , to ask forgiveness for the scandals which have recently hit Rome and the Vatican . I ask you for forgiveness , ” Francis said at the start of their weekly general audience on Saint Peter 's Square .
“ It is inevitable that scandals happen , but ‘ Woe to that man by whom the offence cometh ! ' ” they said , quoting a passage from the Bible .
Vatican expert Joshua McElwee , writing in the National Catholic Reporter , described it as an “ extraordinary step ” .
Papal spokesperson Federico Lombardi said it was “ not up to me to interpret ” Francis 's words , but admitted that Italy 's newspapers in particular have recently been full of “ disturbing ” stories with “ negative examples ” of behaviour within the Church .
Pope Francis being driven through the crowd in St. Peter 's Square for their weekly general audience today . Source : Associated Press
The 78-year-old pope has been presiding over a three-week global council of cardinals and bishops , where debates over the Church 's teachings on the family have been overshadowed by tales of Machiavellian plots and betrayal .
The leak of a private letter from rebellious cardinals has revived a cloak-and-dagger atmosphere likened to the “ Vatileaks ” scandal in 2012 , when Pope Benedict XVI 's butler revealed fierce infighting in the highest echelons of the Church and allegations of serious fraud in the running of the city .
‘ Bid to discredit Francis '
“ There is growing concern at the Vatican over the multiplication of scandals and a return of the ‘ Vatileaks ' syndrome , a climate of revelations , suspicion and rumours of a ‘ gay lobby ' that helped convince Benedict XVI to resign in 2013 , ” religious watcher John Thavis said on their blog following the pope 's mea culpa .
Francis may hope that their wide-sweeping apology will shame schemers in the centuries-old institution .
Vatican analyst Massimo Franco wrote in the Corriere della Sera daily that it appeared there was a bid to “ recreate the climate of Vatileaks… an operation that 's been planned for some time , and which aims at discrediting not the synod but the two years of the Argentinian pope . ”
The council was overshadowed from the start by the surprise declaration by a Polish priest employed as a senior official at the Vatican that they were a practising homosexual .
Krzystof Charamsa was immediately fired but the coming out added fuel to a fire already raging between conservative and liberal wings of the Church over the divisive issue of its relationship to gay believers .
Pill-popping priests
Reports also emerged recently of several priests in a Rome parish accused of using male prostitutes and paying for sex with homeless men in a public park in the Italian capital while high on poppers .
And the Vatican rumour mill went into overdrive in August after a former Polish archbishop who would have been the first high-ranking Catholic Church official to go on trial for paedophilia was found dead .
The Vatican ordered a swift post-mortem and said Jozef Wesolowski , who had been charged with sexually abusing minors during their period as ambassador in the Dominican Republic , had died of heart problems .
File photo of Archbishop Jozef Wesolowski , papal nuncio for the Dominican Republic , in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic . Source : Associated Press
The pontiff was also drawn into the murky world of Italian politics this month after pointedly denying Rome 's mayor Ignazio Marino had been invited on a papal trip to the states .
The perceived put-down was seen by many to have contributed to Marino 's forced resignation last week .
Since their election in 2013 , Francis has apologised on behalf of the Church to sex abuse survivors , for the persecution of protestants in northern Italy , and for complicity in the oppression of Latin Americans during the colonial wars .
Their predecessor Benedict XVI was famously forced to say sorry to Muslims around the world after a speech in 2006 which sparked protests and violence in several countries .
But John Paul II made the most famous pleas for forgiveness , apologising for the Church 's silence during the Holocaust , the Inquisition , the Crusades , the Church 's involvement in the African slave trade and the persecution of Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei — imprisoned for insisting the Earth orbited the sun .
The LSU offensive coordinator position in some regards has been an even more fascinating follow than some of the vacant head coaching positions .
When taking over the job in a full-time capacity , head coach Ed Orgeron vowed to bring more of a fast-paced , explosive offensive scheme to Baton Rouge .
The search primarily has focused around Alabama offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin — although Steve Sarkisian has also been mentioned as a possibility . Both worked with Orgeron for years at USC .
According to a report from The Advocate , LSU 's focus for the vacancy is now centered around four candidates : Sarkisian , Kiffin , former Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich , and current Pitt offensive coordinator Matt Canada .
Kiffin is the unquestioned top target for the Tigers . However , it appears as if Canada may be No . 2 in line — should Kiffin get a head coaching job elsewhere .
Pitt currently ranks No . 42 nationally in total offense . The Panthers average 42.3 points per game — and are multiple from the standpoint they accrue almost as many passing yards ( 217.8 ) as they do rushing yards ( 229.8 ) per game .
This October 2013 family photo shows Carrie DeKlyen and husband Nick DeKlyen in Grand Rapids , Mich. Carrie DeKlyen sacrificed the chance to prolong their life to give birth to their sixth child . Doctors removed Carrie 's feeding and breathing tubes on Thursday , Sept. 7 , 2017 , a day after their daughter , Life Lynn , was born at University of Michigan Hospital in Ann Arbor , Mich. DeKlyen chose to forgo clinical trials and chemotherapy to treat their brain cancer , since it would have meant ending their pregnancy . Their daughter was born prematurely , at 24 weeks and five days into the pregnancy and weighing 1 pound , four ounces . ( Michelle Werkema/Courtesy of Sonya Nelson via AP ) The Associated Press
By JEFF KAROUB , Associated Press
DETROIT ( AP ) — A Michigan woman sacrificed the chance to prolong their life to give birth to their sixth child .
Doctors removed Carrie DeKlyen 's feeding and breathing tubes on Thursday , a day after their daughter , Life Lynn , was born . DeKlyen chose to forgo clinical trials and chemotherapy to treat their brain cancer , since it would have meant ending them pregnancy .
`` It 's a tough time — she 's hours away from passing as we speak , '' Nick DeKlyen , Carrie 's husband and Life 's father , told The Associated Press by phone Friday from University of Michigan Hospital in Ann Arbor . `` All of my family is here , and their family from Kentucky , Tennessee and Oklahoma . We 're just by my wife 's bedside , just waiting . ''
Life Lynn was born prematurely , at 24 weeks and five days into the pregnancy and weighing 1 pound , four ounces ( 567 grams ) . Nick DeKlyen said their daughter is doing better than expected in neonatal intensive care , gaining weight and `` almost breathing on their own . ''
`` She 's going to be fine , '' they said . `` She 's going to be here for 4 or 5 months , but we expect them to be a healthy baby . ... The doctor just said the timing ( of the birth ) could n't have been more perfect . ''
DeKlyen said that since their wife 's cancer diagnosis in April , the family has been sharing updates about their wife and daughter on the Facebook page Cure 4 Carrie . They said they were determined to see the pregnancy through .
The couple , who are from the western Michigan city of Wyoming , have five other kids who range in age from 2 to 18 years old , and Nick DeKlyen said the family is strong in its Christian faith .
`` My wife loves the Lord and they love their children more than anything , '' they said .
`` It 's painful , '' they added . `` But this is what they wanted . They wanted to protect this child . ''
___
Follow Jeff Karoub on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/jeffkaroub
Reports from multiple news sources have confirmed that the Trump administration is poised to set 2018 refugee admissions levels at 45,000—the lowest in the nation 's history . Here 's what the administration has said in its report to Congress to justify these historically low numbers , at a historically high time of need , and the facts you should know :
FICTION # 1 :
There is no way to securely vet all refugees who come to the U.S .
FACT : The integrity of security procedures in the U.S. resettlement program is evidenced by the fact that , while over 3 million refugees have been admitted to the U.S. since 1980 , not a single refugee has committed a lethal terrorist attack on U.S. soil .
FICTION # 2 :
Refugees are a security risk as demonstrated by the fact that the FBI is investigating 300 refugees for connections to terrorism .
FACT : 300 refugees is an immensely small fraction of resettled refugees in the U.S. and is not representative of the population writ large . According to CATO , 300 refugees represents less than 0.009 percent of all refugees admitted to the U.S. since 1975 . It is a far cry from a statistically significant portion of the refugee population and should not have any bearing on our understanding of the resettled refugee population . Even if those 300 refugees were resettled to the U.S. in a single year , they would represent less than 1 % of the total number of refugees accepted on average per year since 1980 . [ 1 ]
Refugees are not terror threats ; they are fleeing terror . Refugees are civilians who have fled their country due to fear of persecution or violence . By definition , refugees have not engaged in violence , persecution of others , or serious criminality . Persons believed to have engaged in war crimes , crimes against humanity or serious non-political crimes are disqualified from refugee status .
FICTION # 3 :
It is more cost-effective to help refugees in the region , in their first countries of asylum * .
FACT : Refugee resettlement in the U.S. is a solution with one-time , up-front costs that ultimately result in net fiscal gain to the U.S. as refugees become taxpayers . [ 2 ] Resettlement requires a short-term investment , but allows refugees to become full-fledged members of our society and economy , providing the refugee with a path to self-sufficiency and benefiting the American economy .
In 2016 , over 72 percent of refugees resettled to the U.S. were women and children . [ 3 ] Many are single mothers , survivors of torture , or in need of urgent medical treatment . Women and girls are subject to heinous forms of persecution in wartime ( such as gang rape ) and suffer severe trauma that can not be addressed in camps or difficult urban environments . Survivors of rape are often ostracized in their host countries , making them priorities for resettlement . For these women , resettlement is the only solution . No amount of aid in their host country could guarantee their safety and psychosocial recovery .
FICTION # 4 :
12 refugees can be helped in the region for every one refugee resettled to the U.S .
FACT : The comparison of one-time costs associated with resettlement with the long-term costs of assisting refugees for many years on end is not a reasonable one .
Refugees spend an average of 10 years displaced outside their countries of origin . For those refugees displaced for more than five years , the average soars to an astonishing 21 years . Refugees in these protracted situations require assistance over many , many years .
In stark contrast to the 21 years that some refugees spend in host countries dependent on temporary assistance , over the same period , resettled refugees rebuild their lives and contribute $ 21,000 more to the American economy than they receive in benefits .
FICTION # 5 :
The aim of U.S. refugee policy is for refugees to return home .
FACT : Of the world 's 22.5 million refugees , less than 1 % have access to resettlement . In 2018 , 1.2 million face extreme vulnerabilities or family reunification needs for which they are in need of resettlement . Yet fewer than 200,000 resettlement slots are available annually .
Refugee resettlement of a few is necessary for the successful local integration or return of the majority of refugees . Refugee resettlement relieves pressures on host communities and contributes to overall regional stability—contributing to the conditions necessary for the majority of the refugees that remain in the region to either integrate locally in their host countries or return home when it is safe to do so .
Conversely , retreating from resettlement commitments can have dramatic consequences for the eventual safe return of refugees—prolonging and sometimes even reigniting conflict .
Today , this risk exists in the premature return of Syrian , Afghan , and Somali refugees , which could further destabilize fragile and conflict-ridden countries . Over 600,000 Afghan refugees were induced to return from Pakistan in 2016—a six-fold increase from 2015—as Afghanistan struggles with growing insecurity , instability and gains by terrorist organizations . Such premature returns come at a time when growing instability in Afghanistan has required an increase in U.S. troop levels to reverse gains by terrorist organizations .
FICTION # 6 :
The number of refugees resettled is of no consequence to American interests abroad .
FACT : Refugee resettlement is not just a humanitarian program and a moral choice , it is a strategic imperative that promotes regional stability and global security in some of the most challenging parts of the world . Refugee resettlement is a critical foreign policy and national security tool—alleviating pressures on critical allies , helping ensure the international community maintains its humanitarian obligations , encouraging responsibility sharing , maintaining cooperation with allies for U.S. diplomatic and intelligence operations , and sending the message to terrorist groups that the U.S. welcomes those who reject terrorist ideologies .
Maintaining resettlement commitments is critical to the effectiveness of military , diplomatic and intelligence operations abroad and the safety of U.S. troops . Tens of thousands of Iraqi and Afghan nationals have put their lives on the line to support intelligence gathering , operations planning and other essential services , especially translation . These individuals and their families are often targeted by terrorist groups as a direct result of their cooperation with Americans . Resettlement is instrumental in ensuring their safety—a testament to the U.S. military 's commitment to leave no one behind .
Refugee resettlement signals support for those who seek liberty and reject ideologies antithetical to American values . Just as the U.S. offered refuge to those fleeing communist regimes during the Cold War , so too must the U.S. open its arms to those standing against terrorist ideologies , many of whom refused to join or be conscripted into terrorist groups , militias and state security forces persecuting fellow citizens .
The last thing that terrorist organizations like ISIS want is for the U.S. to be a beacon of hope , acceptance and inclusion for Muslims .
FICTION # 7 :
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) can not safely vet more than 45K given that improved security vetting being put in place during the 120-day ban is more resource-intensive .
FACT : Even in the face of the worst terrorist attack on our nation 's soil on Sept. 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush set an admissions ceiling of 70,000 refugees and continued to do so in the years that followed . Doing so signaled that the U.S. would remain a humanitarian leader and demonstrated that the administration understood the critical role resettlement plays in supporting our allies .
The global context was also different under President Bush . The global refugee population was nearly half of what it is today ( 12 million in 2001 vs. 22.5 million in 2016 ) .
FICTION # 8 :
Refugees are too costly ; they are a drain on local economies and take jobs away from Americans .
FACT : All evidence points to the fact that refugees benefit local economies and fill empty jobs in the workforce .
A July 2017 report by the Department of Health and Human Services , commissioned by the Trump Administration , found that over the past decade refugees have contributed $ 63 billion more in government revenues over the past decade than they cost . [ 4 ]
FICTION # 9 :
Even with an admissions ceiling of 45,000 refugees , the U.S. will remain the world leader in refugee resettlement .
FACT : The average annual admissions ceiling since 1980 has exceeded 95,000 . A refugee admissions ceiling of 45,000—the lowest level ever set—is a drastic departure from historic tradition , signaling a retreat in leadership on the world stage . Presidents from both parties in the past two decades have set robust refugee ceilings as a proud humanitarian tradition of welcome .
Last year , Canada resettled 46,000 refugees , more than the new cap . Canada is roughly one-tenth the size of the US population and economy ( smaller , in both regards , than the single U.S. state of California )
FICTION # 10 :
Refugees are imposed upon unwilling and overburdened communities who wish to care for their own people first and foremost , not the foreign born .
FACT : . The private sector , faith institutions and local communities are all deeply invested and involved in welcoming refugees and helping them achieve successful integration in their new homes . They do so with a commitment and desire to reflect the values of America , and build better , stronger , more vibrant communities here in the U.S .
Communities are enriched—spiritually , socially , and economically—through diversity . Immigrants and refugees have enriched our nation , our community and our churches for generations through the unique cultures and traditions they bring . Hundreds of employers around the country work closely with resettlement agencies to systematically hire refugees ( mainly in the manufacturing , hotel and food industries ) in many industries that native-born Americans will not work in . Employers look to hire refugees because they find refugees to be among their most stable , reliable employees .
Thousands of volunteers and members of congregations donate tens of thousands of hours and in-kind contributions each year to support refugees , lowering costs to the federal government . Community members donate household items to help furnish a refugee family 's first apartment , teach financial literacy and cultural orientation classes , help new arrivals prepare for job interviews , mentor refugee families to help them adapt to the American way of life , and much more .
Is it easy to recover from a breakup ?
It 's a silly question indeed : how can it be easy to forget the one you loved and considered yours yesterday who has suddenly become a complete stranger today ? Time heals , they say . And we say that the best books to read after a breakup can help you much more than simply waiting for the moment when the pain finally goes away .
Books have the power to heal . When you choose the best books to read during some difficult moments of your life , you may be surprised how much easier it becomes to overcome these difficulties . Books give you advice ; they share knowledge and experience with you . They do not judge , they talk to you , and they help you cope with unrequited love and find inner peace .
It 's you who decides which book will become your friend . When it comes to a breakup , you need someone to support you , to tell you that everything 's going to be okay , to share their personal stories and let you know that you are not alone with your pain . Moreover , you need someone who will shake and inspire you , instill optimism and explain that a breakup is not the end of your life ; rather , it is a new beginning .
Books are silent . They help us write , study , and live.They do not interrupt you ; they do not impose their views . They just whisper stories , and you become slowly healed and reborn to a new life without noticing it . Here they are : the 15 best books to read when you go through a breakup .
1 . Stag 's Leap : Poems by Sharon Olds
The winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry ( 2013 ) , this book of poems will help you let your past go and find courage to move on in your life . Written by a lady whose 26-year-old marriage fell apart , these poems will help you accept your breakup and take on a “ I am finally free ” perspective without having regrets .
Advertising
2 . Dolores Claiborne by Stephen King
This author perfectly knows how to make our hearts freeze with fear , allowing readers to get into characters ' heads and disclose the reasons of their actions . This is the story of an eccentric woman and the ways they chose to deal with their drunk husband ; this is a story of how strong and powerful a woman can be when it comes to danger and injustice ; this is a story about women 's resilience . After reading this book , you will never consider your breakup a problem anymore .
3 . A Short History of Nearly Everything by Bill Bryson
After a breakup , you can think about nothing but love and how unfair it is . This book reveals so many interesting facts that ca n't even be compared with your so-called drama , that you will forget about all earthly problems at once . As far as we know , everything is relative : who has never tasted bitter , knows not what is sweet . So , check this book to understand how tiny your problem of breaking up is in comparison with some universe disasters .
4 . Eat , Pray , Love by Elizabeth Gilbert
There is no lady who would not like this book and the story it tells about a divorced woman and their soul-searching journey to Italy , India and Indonesia . Yes , their divorce was bitter , and their love affair was disastrous , but they have found ways and strengths to change life for better . This is an inspiring story for us to understand that life does not end after a breakup ; moreover , life may start after it .
5 . Under the Wild and Starry Sky by Nancy Horan
Advertising
Based on true events , this book will help you understand that your ex was not the last and only love of your life . The story of a woman who escapes from their cheating husband with three children and picks up a new , cool man is a must-read for you to understand that the next love is already waiting , and it can find you at the most unexpected places sometimes .
6 . Ethan Frome by Edith Wharton
Here is another well-written story to help you understand that your breakup problem is small compared to the problems that other people have . This is a beautiful novella about a man who falls in love with the young caretaker of their sick wife . The story allows us to accept the fact that anything can happen in life ; you have lots of chances to write the future screenplay of your life , and there is no need to sit and cry over the past .
7 . You Should Have Known by Jean Hanff Korelitz
What would an experienced couple therapist do if they found out that they were the last one to discover that husband was planning to leave her ? Moreover , they could be ( maybe ) connected to a murder ; so , now it 's high time for their own investigation . This psychological thriller will help you realize that it could have been much worse than a simple breakup with your boyfriend .
8 . How Did You Get This Number by Sloane Crosley
What should you do if an unknown girl calls you one day and says they have found your number in the phone of their boyfriend ? The problem is , that this man is—your boyfriend . Sloane Crosley knows the answer to this question , and they decide to write a book in a funny and instructive manner for each of us to understand the ugly truth of life : bad things happen , but you can always find a way out and overcome all relationship problems .
Advertising
Marx writes for The New Yorker , but they also wrote this book which is a satirical story about a girl who has spent 10 years trying to attract a pretentious PhD student just to understand how wrong they were and how much time they wasted as a result . The story is based on the author 's own experience , and shows that your breakup might be a blessing rather than a curse .
10 . Six-Word Memoirs on Love and Heartbreak by Larry Smith
Can you find six words to describe your breakup ? It 's easier to say than to do , but if you have suddenly forgotten all words , this book is here to help you . A wonderful collection of six-word confessions , it is a must-read for everyone whose heart is broken . All these heartbreaking , confusing , and sometimes optimistic memoirs are here to inspire you and help you turn the page of your past relationship .
11 . What Was I Thinking : 58 Bad Boyfriend Stories by Barbara Davilman
This book is a collection of 58 stories on broken relationships told by different women and designed to make you more optimistic about your own breakup . Your love may last for a week , a month , or a year ; but somewhere deep inside you , understand that , sooner or later , it will be over . And we have nothing to do with that : just accept that , be thankful for those wonderful moments , and keep going .
12 . Bridget Jones 's Diary by Helen Fielding
Advertising
Are you a single and lonely lady now ? This book should become your desk book then , because it is a real bible of what you must NOT do while not having a life partner . Forget about sitting and staring at the phone with a hope to get a call from him ; do not even think about flirting with your boss , and forget about all those stupid things that come to your mind just after a breakup . But what should you do instead ? Bridget Jones has an answer to this question , so keep reading to find out .
13 . Split : A Memoir of Divorce by Suzanne Finnamore
Such stories happen every day : love appears , boys ask girls to marry them , and after a couple of years , the same boys make another proposition : divorce . The author of this book shares their story with humor and honesty , revealing all the dirty details of their marriage and divorce to make you understand that when something goes wrong , it becomes an experience which lets you do things differently next time .
14 . High Fidelity by Nick Hornby
It 's time to suggest a breakup story from the male perspective . Yes , girls are not the only ones who cry . This book by Nick Hornby will tell you the story of a music addict who decides to make a list of their own “ top 5 ” breakups , and it will probably change your mind about your own breakup .
15 . This Is How You Lose Them by Junot Diaz
Despite their flaws , you ca n't help loving the protagonist of this book . Even though they are a man who does not take women seriously , there is something about this guy that makes you sympathize with him . It helps you understand that all men need to realize how bad they are before becoming good . This is a story that will probably help you perceive your ex differently .
Remember : a breakup is not the end of your life , even if it is difficult to believe and accept this fact at first . Your new love is waiting for you somewhere already ; so , get ready and open up your heart and mind while reading the above-mentioned books that will help you get through your ended relationship .
Featured photo credit : I Dont Want A Broken Heart/Nawal Al-Mashouq via flickr.com
The Red Sox Magic Number is now at six . That means any combination of Sox wins or Yankees losses that adds up to six and Boston is your American League East Division champ .
Yes , with the come-from-behind , 5-4 win over the Reds , and New York 's loss to Toronto , John Farrell 's team is four games up with nine to play . Then you can factor in what the Sox continue to deliver , going 32-15 since Aug. 1 , and 14-6 this month .
What it all adds up to is the distinct feeling that worrying about the Yankees should n't be the priority . It 's time to think about October , which is exactly what Farrell and Co. seemed to set their sights on Friday night .
`` We do n't care what the Yankees do , '' David Price told reporters after the win . `` Just go play our game . ''
What their game was against Cincinnati sure felt like a prelude to postseason baseball , mainly because of Price 's presence .
If Farrell was n't thinking about the playoffs , there was no way they would have done what they did -- take Rick Porcello out after four innings , with a lead . But that 's exactly what happened , with Price coming on to give the Red Sox ' new Andrew Miller way of doing things a whirl .
It worked . Price followed up Porcello with 2 2/3 scoreless innings , setting the stage for Addison Reed and Craig Kimbrel to close out the final seven outs . ( And , just for good measure , Price got their third base-hit in 48 at-bats , leading off the seventh with an opposite field single . ) Considering the postseason possibilities , this Price success continues to be a major development .
`` You know , he 's healthy , '' Farrell told reporters regarding Price . `` And that 's the beauty in all of this . All the work that he 's put in to get back to this point , and then I still – I do n't want to say marvel at , but the way they come out and throws strikes and quality strikes . We 're talking nearly five innings in the past two months , and it 's impressive to see the way they command the baseball . ''
Price was only part of the equation when it came to contemplating approaching the postseason a bit different . National League rules or not , Farrell managed this one a little out of the ordinary , at least when it came to their starting pitcher .
Porcello had allowed the Reds to put up four runs after just four batters thanks to Scooter Gennett 's first-inning grand slam . But , thanks to the visitors ' four-run fourth inning -- which was paced by Rafael Devers homer and Christian Vazquez 's RBI double -- the Sox ' starter took the mound with the lead . That would last , however , for just one inning , with Farrell choosing to go to Price after Porcello ( who hit in the fourth ) had thrown just 57 pitches .
It was the kind of quick trigger which is n't uncommon in October , although it 's clear until things are wrapped up Farrell is n't going to managing like the previous six months , either .
`` No , not likely , '' Farrell told reporters when asked if Porcello had gotten more rope if not for Price 's presence . `` Even with the extended , we 're probably looking at maybe having to piece some things together there . But , that 's the reason you make the move . It 's to have someone throwing the ball as well as David did down in Tampa . Hopefully that was going to be the case tonight . It worked out . ''
`` It 's usually how it goes , you know ? Start of rocky and settle down and find your groove . I 've had a lot of starts like that over the course of my career where I 'm able to settle in and give us six , seven strong innings . I did n't get that opportunity , '' they told reporters . The pitcher later added , `` Obviously , I 've been an American League player my whole career . I 'm not going to stand here and say I know the ins and outs of National League baseball and that sort of thing . But when you have the lead you usually do n't come out of the game . So I was pretty frustrated with that . But thank God we won the game and that 's all that matters . Great win . Bullpen did a hell of a job . They 've been doing a hell of a job . Offense was outstanding to come back from that deficit . So hats off to our guys , and big win for us . ''
The Price dynamic has changed a lot . Farrell might not want to surface Mr. Miller 's name when talking about their new reliever , but after Friday that really is n't going to be possible .
It was reunion Friday , with John Farrell meeting up with their son , Reds pitcher Luke Farrell , and Andrew Benintendi returning home to a throng of relatives .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ELON , N.C. -- Elon campus police are investigating an 18-year-old woman after they allegedly brought weapons and ammunition on campus Sunday .
Vice President of Communications for Elon Dan Anderson said Alexis Gray will face felony weapons charges .
18-year-old Alexis Gray is from Holland , Pennsylvania and is a student at a Pennsylvania University , according to the email alert sent to students .
Gray 's parents apparently called the young woman 's ex-boyfriend , an Elon student , Sunday before noon , telling them they were concerned for their daughter 's welfare .
The ex- boyfriend then notified campus police that they were worried Gray was headed to campus , according to Elon authorities .
Anderson said Police were waiting for Gray when they arrived at Danieley Center , a student housing community on Elon 's campus .
`` Our campus police intercepted them when they came onto campus and found a gun in their vehicle , '' said Anderson .
In an email to students and faculty , Elon officials said campus police found `` a rifle , ammunition and other weapons '' in Gray 's vehicle .
`` When they intercepted her , they did n't really know what their intentions were and how serious the situation really was , '' added Anderson . `` There was quick thinking by all parties involved . ''
Officials said Monday they can not yet say if Gray intended to harm themselves or others .
Students like Elon senior David Brown were relieved the situation was diffused quickly .
`` I only live about 500 feet from Danieley Center , '' Brown explained . `` I was pretty nervous when I got that email . Thank goodness they were apprehended because if not , it could have been a pretty deadly situation , should they have started shooting . ''
`` I do n't know them and have no idea what their plan was , '' Brown continued . `` But it was a scary situation . ''
Anderson said Gray will face felony weapons possession charges , possibly among other charges . They are banned from Elon 's campus .
The Elon Dean of Students advises anyone with concerns about potentially dangerous personal situations to reach out to Police for help .
These days the word “ influence ” to analyze RT ( the Russian international news and discussion program at the heart of Western concerns about its “ weaponized information ” ) in U.S. and European press and policy-making circles is , you might notice , replacing other terms , such as “ effects ” and “ persuasion. ” Influence is an old word in English , from the 14th century astrological term for an “ ethereal fluid from the heavens affecting humankind. ” [ Oxford Etymological Dictionary ] It becomes a medical term , as in influenza , and then at the end of the 18th century in France , it is broadened to include “ exertion of power. ” That 's still much vaguer than political persuasion , which has specifics that can be analyzed . Influence , as it is being used , is based on assertions , lack of evidence , and minimal context . So , let 's go back to what can be analyzed : persuasion , which has a long , scientific literature .
Exposure to the material intended to persuade [ in this case , RT ] is obviously the first piece . Since RT 's claims are backtracking from minuscule audience numbers for offline news and online YouTube videos , by far coming from other countries with an RT label on top , exposure is also a failing argument . More recently RT claims persuasion is now mainly online in insertions into social media [ no precise route or sites given ] . But a second element of the scientific study of persuasion is the presence of competing messages and sources . Messages from RT meet a huge universe of online sites crammed with other messages—many emotionally charged and advancing all kinds of views and “ information ” ( real , or one-sided , or made up , or scurrilous , or outlandishly adulatory , or “ fake ” ) . The internet is an expanding cosmos , and to make a case for RT 's place in it , analysis must put it in the context of all the other competition trying for persuasion in opposite directions .
Persuasion means attitude CHANGE . Unless it can be shown with evidence that a previously held attitude has changed as a result of RT 's message , then we are not talking about persuasion . We all know that increasingly the internet is an “ echo chamber ” where you pick out sites or “ friends ” with whom you already agree . That 's not persuasion , but individual characteristics of people going to sites purveying material they ALREADY believe . There are plenty of people in Europe , for example , that have chafed under what they see as American hegemony ; others see America as safeguarding their values . The waves of these attitudes fluctuate over time . Take Sweden , where neutrality is deep in the culture , yet the country has achieved inter-operability to meet NATO requirements , should Russia threaten them . During the conflict in Vietnam , Sweden 's Olof Palme , later to be Prime Minister , made a pro-FNL [ National Liberation Front of North Vietnam ] speech and marched in a demonstration together with the North Vietnamese ambassador to Sweden : the United States withdrew its ambassador .
Still , RT , telling a story different from the big Western news sources , may have achieved its purpose if people just do n't know what to think after being exposed to a different—and anti-Western—angle . But that argument falls flat . Attitudes can fluctuate , mainly among people who have less education , less interest in the issues , and less political knowledge . Their attitudes can change just as much if they encounter competing messages elsewhere on the internet , as they are bound to do . They also are much less likely to retain what they consume . They are less likely to vote and also are more likely to go to people they have known a long time and ask them what 's the story .
Laptop and PC manufacturer ASUS wants to cash in its chips and win big with its new line of smartphones and mobile devices , but are they worth it ? How do they stack up against iPhone and other products we know and love ? ... And who is ASUS anyway ? It 's not a name that comes to mind when thinking of smartphones , but it might soon be up there with Samsung and Apple .
In 1989 , a group of four ambitious hardware engineers all working for the same company , decided to strike out on their own and developed ASUS , a humble little tech enterprise that made motherboards . Today , nearly 30 years after its launch , ASUS designs and manufactures everything from laptops to flat screen TVs to sophisticated data storage . The hard-working , Taiwanese `` multinational computer hardware and electronics company ” continues to grow and expand its product line , and in 2013 the business boasted a $ 21.4 billion profit . According to the ASUS website , “ ASUS takes its name from PegASUS , the winged horse in Greek mythology that symbolizes wisdom and knowledge . ASUS embodies the strength , purity , and adventurous spirit of this fantastic creature , and soars to new heights with each new product it creates. ” Wow . That 's quite a lofty promise from a tech company . Let 's see if ASUS can take that vision and manifest it into quality products , by taking a peek at some of their newest , fresh off the line devices .
ASUS ' ZenWatch 2 , with a starting price tag of only $ 150 , is one of the most affordable smartwatches on the market . It has a 1.63 inch face with 320 pixels . Unlike other Android Wear watches , the watch faces are interchangeable , as are its straps . Its battery life is also pretty impressive , as a one hour charge will last you the entire day . The ZenWatch is compatible with many phones , including iPhone . However , a serious downfall of this smartwatch is that it does n't include a heart-rate monitor . This means that a ton of the fitness apps wo n't work properly . You could use it for things other than your workout , but fitness is arguably one of the main reasons people want a smartwatch in the first place . If you long for the true Apple Watch experience , however pricey , there 's really nothing like the original .
ASUS ' Zenfone Zoom smartphone is one of its current showpieces , though it 'll set you back a cool $ 400 . It has an Intel Atom 3580 chipset , and claims to be the worlds 's thinnest 3X optical zoom smartphone . The phone 's outward design is admittedly fun , offering a faux-leather back , and featuring a circular plastic disk that holds the camera construction . The phone 's general performance is average at best , but the 10-element Hoya lens is what sets it apart from other smartphones . This sophisticated lens allows you to magnify up to 12 times . Truly outstanding photographic zoom quality makes it a serious contender for photo lovers who want to take pictures on their phone that honestly come out as crisp as if they were taken on an actual standalone camera . Because when you 're viewing the world through your smartphone 's camera lens , you want it to look as good as possible .
Whether you choose an ASUS phone , iPhone , or even if you 're sticking with the same faithful standby you 've had for years , make sure you care for it properly to get the most out of it for as long as possible . Investing in a good smartphone case can go a long way toward keeping your phone safe from drops and breaks , and looking as pristine as the day it arrived . And do n't underestimate the value of protective software . In this area , ASUS has you covered .
Many smartphones now have Adblock available to download . This is nothing new . ASUS went a step further with their phones , and will soon be adding a built-in ad-blocker to all of their new smartphones and mobile devices . Unlike with Apple and android smartphones , it 's not something you have to search out and download from the App Store or Google Play . Adblock Plus comes standard on these new ASUS phones , and is actually embedded in its own browser , so when you open it up the first day you 're automatically protected , and even if you find yourself needing a complete factory reset , the phone 's default settings unquestionably keep the ad-block program it was built with , no need to remember to go back and download it again . Although , a factory reset may never be necessary since the ad-blocker even stops pop-up ads that potentially contain malware that could threaten to destroy your phone .
Campagnolo has announced that the Spanish Movistar team will be the first and only professional squad to use the Italian company 's new electronic gear system in 2011 .
The much awaited electronic groupset was unveiled on a special black and pink Pinarello bike on show at the presentation of the 2011 Giro d'Italia . Pinarello has replaced Cervelo as the official Giro d'Italia bike for the next three years .
Movistar will use a similar bike in 2011 and will be the only team to use the electronic gear system before it goes on general sale .
Shimano released its Di2 electronic system two year ago but Campagnolo delayed their own electronic system as they continued to work on the project .
At first look , the Campagnolo system seems very similar to the Shimano Di2 , with wires replacing the gear cables and with the gear changes powered by a battery positioned on the down tube , below the bottle cage . However , instead of buttons to change gear , there are curved gear levers on the inside of brake hoods . The battery , levers and gears are labeled Campy Tech Lab , the name given to Campagnolo development division .
Valentino Campagnolo posed with Fausto Pinarello and the new bike but was reticent about revealing more details .
`` Shimano were the first to produce an electronic system but we kept working hard on our system and now the bike unveiled is very similar to the bike that will be used by the new Movistar team , '' Valentino Campagnolo told Cyclingnews .
`` Our system is different to Shimano 's . Their one is ten-speed , while ours is 11-speed . It will also have other different aspects too but it 's a little bit soon to talk about it now . ''
Further details are expected at the start of the 2011 season , when the Movistar team will first use their new bikes .
Toronto Blue Jays vs. Philadelphia Phillies
June 13th to 16th
Written by Kyle Matte and Chris Sherwin
Starting Monday , the Philadelphia Phillies are making a rare trip north of the border to take on the Blue Jays in a good old fashioned home-and-home four game series . The clubs face off tonight at the Rogers Centre before wrapping up the first half of the series with a matinee affair in Toronto tomorrow afternoon . After the game , the two squads will fly to the city of brotherly love for another quick two-gamer , kicking off a five day road trip for the Blue Jays .
These are n't your father 's Phillies who dominated the late 1970s , nor are they the Phillies from yesteryear who won five consecutive NL East pennants behind a who 's who of late 2000s All Stars in Chase Utley , Jimmy Rollins , Ryan Howard , Shane Victorino , Cliff Lee , Cole Hamels , and the great Roy Halladay . Hell , they are n't even the upstart Phillies who went a surprising 14-10 in April to start the season , leading some to suggest the rebuild was ahead of schedule and they were already capable of hanging with the Nationals and Mets . With few bright spots still shining just six weeks later , the 2016 Phillies are back to within a comfortable margin of where they 've been for the last few years , which is to say , nine games out of first . Even in the lowly National League , the club simply does n't have the necessary stable of high-end players to make noise .
Centerfielder Odubel Herrera is one of the young stars the Phillies do have , and not only has the former Rule 5 draft pick proven their 2.8 WARP rookie season was n't a fluke , the 24 year old has made tangible improvements and is rapidly becoming one of the league 's premier leadoff men . Herrera has nearly tripled their walk rate from 2015 , and is currently sporting an on base percentage well over .400 . Aaron Nola , the Phillies first round pick ( 7th overall ) in 2014 , is the torch bearer on the pitching side . Nola only turned 23 years old last week , but is already producing like one of the National League 's best starters as their 2.2 WARP currently ranks 10th among pitchers . Nola features a curveball that moves an awful lot like our own Aaron Sanchez 's , which has driven them to strike out 26.5 percent of batters faced despite a fastball that measures below average velocity readings .
Meanwhile , the Blue Jays enter tonight winners of four of their last five games , and six of their last seven series , having quickly erased the nauseating memories of Detroit . Despite their many offensive flaws and their revolving door in the seventh and eighth innings , the starting pitching has cowboy 'd up all season , carrying the Jays to a 35-30 start , with the club now sitting just 2.5 games back of the first place Red Sox . The Phillies are the Phillies . Let 's keep it going .
Pitching Matchups :
June 13th – 7:07 PM ET
R.A. Dickey vs. Jerad Eickhoff
RA Dickey is doing what they do every season . Make Jays fans panic in the first month , and then turn their season around after May . In their last three starts , Dickey posted a very impressive 2.60 ERA and shut down a powerful Red Sox lineup twice . While they have n't been striking batters out , they have stayed away from homeruns , which has been an issue in the past .
Eickhoff came to Philadelphia in the deal for Cole Hamels . Despite being known in the prospect community , they were rather unknown to most fans . However Philly fans got to them quickly after an impressive eight starts in 2015 . They have continued their success so far in 2016 . They do n't provide elite level strike out numbers , but they keep hitters off the bases and has an impressive curveball which has improved since joining the Phillies . Eickhoff has an impressive slash line against right handed hitters of .215/.264/.409 which could be trouble for a heavy right handed Jays lineup . However they have had difficulty keeping the ball in the yard this season which fits nicely in the Blue Jays favour .
June 14th – 12:37 PM ET
Marcus Stroman vs. Zach Eflin
The last month has not been kind to young Marcus Stroman . In their last five starts he 's posted a dreadful 7.58 ERA . An argument could be made that they are just going through a string of bad luck do to pitching to contact . Their Fielding independent numbers would agree as they currently hold a FIP of 3.86 . Stroman could certainly use a team like Philadelphia to help stop their current funk and give them a mental boost . The Phillies are one of the worst hitting teams in MLB . With that being said , they have one of the best contact rates and avoid grounding into double plays .
Zach Efflin will be making their big league debut at the young age of 22 on Tuesday . They have worked on velocity through the minors and is now hitting high 90 's to go along with a plus changeup . He 's still working on developing their slider . In the minors they had impressive innings pitched numbers , but ran into to fly ball issues . They look to be a mid-rotation starter and could be in for a rough debut against a hot hitting Jays lineup .
June 15th – 7:07 PM ET
Marco Estrada @ Jeremy Hellickson
Marco Estrada was the off seasons leader in regression narrative . So far in 2016 , he 's made a lot of their doubters look silly . In 12 starts they have a staff best 2.57 ERA and is averaging close to 7 innings per start . In the age of high pitch velocity , it 's a treat to watch a low velocity pitcher make major league lineups look so bad every 5th day .
Hellickson is no stranger to the Blue Jays . They spent 2010-2014 with the Tampa Rays . Historically he 's pitched well in Toronto , however they have n't been the same pitcher since leaving Tampa . With the Rays they were able to out perform their FIP and post impressive ERA 's . In the last two seasons things have evened out and they have looked very much like a back end starter with home run issues . Helickson will look to bounce back from their worst start of the season , which saw them give up seven runs in six innings to the Nationals .
June 16th – 7:07 PM ET
J.A . Happ @ Aaron Nola
Up until their last two starts , J.A . Happ had proven the doubters wrong and looked like the second best pitcher in the Jays rotation . However their last two starts have seen them surrender six runs in five innings against the Tigers and 4 runs in 7 innings against the Oriole 's . The most alarming stat that stood out in their last two starts was the homeruns . In their previous 11 starts , they gave up seven homeruns . In their last two starts they gave up five . Happ is striking out a career low and not giving up much soft contact .
When he 's not pitching against the Nationals , Nova has been the Phillies best starting pitcher . At just 23 years old , Nova has put up an ERA of2.98 . They have an impressive three plus pitches in their fastball , Curveball and changeup . Despite only sitting at 91-91 mph with their fastball , he 's shown excellent command and has posted an impressive 9.70 K %
Keep an Eye On
The Parrot Finding Its Stride
Despite a glorious RBI total , Edwin Encarnacion had otherwise been off to a consistently poor start to the season , looking nothing like the impact player who hit a demonstrative .277/.372/.557 last season , including an insane .336/.433/.700 in the second half . After a * ahem * certain writer suggested over Twitter that he 'd be hesitant to even make Encarnacion a qualifying offer ( if this kept up ) , they hit a walk off blast on Friday , went 3-for-3 with a double , two dingers , and two walks on Saturday , and 2-for-4 with a double and a walk on Sunday and all of a sudden is slashing a respectable .247/.327/.490 . If this is the beginning of one of those stretches , you best keep your head up in the left field bleachers .
Home Cookin '
Dating back to May 27th , the Blue Jays are 8-2 over their last 10 home games and have rung up the following run totals : 7 , 10 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 7 , 5 , 4 , 11 , 10 . Two things can be garnered from that string of numbers ; one , that they 're hitting extremely very well at the Dome ( an average of 6.5 runs per game over that span ) , and two , just as importantly , even when the opposition has a good pitcher out there , the offense has been able to scratch together something to give their starter a chance . As a team , the Phillies pitching staff has given up the sixth-most home runs in baseball per-nine innings , and they have a kid making their Major League debut on Tuesday . Expect the scoring to continue .
Additions and Subtractions
BLUE JAYS
▪ Jose Bautista ( quad ) missed the last three games against Baltimore after departing in the sixth inning on Thursday , but the right fielder is expected to return to the lineup this evening . With a pair of games under National League rules on the horizon , do n't be surprised if manager John Gibbons eases their slugger back into the lineup at designated hitter , with Edwin shifting to first and the red-hot Ezequiel Carrera getting another start or two in the outfield with a pair of lefties due up .
▪ Troy Tulowitzki ( quad ) was on track to return to the Blue Jays when their 15-day disabled list concluded tonight , but the shortstop experienced further discomfort on their rehab assignment and was forced to leave the Friday 's extended spring training . No further updates have been provided .
▪ Edwin Encarnacion jammed their thumb sliding into third base during their steal attempt on Sunday , and will sit out at least the first game of this series . The team is hopeful that 's all it is .
▪ With the bullpen overworked in recent games and a lack of off days , the Jays have optioned SHP Pat Venditte and called up Canadian lefty , Scott Diamond . They will serve as the team 's long reliever for now .
PHILLIES
▪ Vincent Velasquez ( bicep ) left their start on Wednesday after throwing two fastballs , both of which registered under 90 miles per hour — highly irregular for the flame throwing right hander . They were placed on the 15-day disabled list on Friday , and obviously will not be available this series .
▪ Ryan Howard ( bad ) was formally removed from the starting lineup on Friday , officially signalling the beginning of the end . Howard crushed 45 or more home runs in four consecutive years from 2006 to 2009 , and then 31 and 33 in 2010 and 2011 , respectively . The one-dimensional slugger 's career was already on a downward trend , but a difficult-to-watch torn Achilles to end the 2011 NLDS almost certainly accelerated their decline . At the end of this season he 'll have made 125 million since the injury — including 35 million ( salary + buyout ) this year alone — so it 's hard to feel too sad for the guy .
Probable Lineup
Blue Jays Phillies Jose Bautista – RF Odubel Herrera – CF Josh Donaldson – 3B Freddy Galvis – SS Edwin Encarnacion – DH Maikel Franco – 3B Michael Saunders – LF Ryan Howard – DH Justin Smoak – 1B Tommy Joseph – 1B Russell Martin – C Cameron Rupp – C Kevin Pillar – CF Cody Asche – LF Devon Travis – 2B Cesar Hernandez – 2B Darwin Barney – SS Tyler Goeddel – RF
via Roster Resource
Final Thoughts
Five of the last six series played have come against division rivals , with another against the Orioles on the immediate horizon . While the Blue Jays have handled this difficult stretch admirably , I 'm sure the non-stop white knuckle affairs have been at least as taxing on the players and coaching staff as they have been on the fans . The boys wo n't be marching into Atlanta , Cincinnati , or San Diego anytime soon , but some new faces in the opposing dugout should do wonders as we get set to officially kick off summer .
Lead Photo : Reinhold Matay-USA TODAY Sports
From John Heisler , senior associate athletics director at Notre Dame :
“ You wo n't be taken to the cleaners . . . if your driving is spotless . ”
A University of Notre Dame legend is departing after 55 seasons of leaving fans laughing , groaning or grimacing at Irish home football games .
Former Indiana State Police Sgt . Tim McCarthy , who has been offering their late-game traffic safety messages ( and generally an accompanying pun ) at Irish home football contests since late in the 1960 campaign , says they are retiring from that role .
McCarthy also helped direct traffic at Irish games for many years until their retirement from that job in 1979 .
“ It 's hard work keeping vehicles from crashing into each other and from crashing into you , ” they say .
Born in Fort Wayne , Indiana , McCarthy also served until 1987 as Porter County sheriff and still lives in the Valparaiso , Indiana , area . Their wife Carole also worked for the sheriff 's department , and their father was a career police officer in Fort Wayne .
Yet it 's been McCarthy 's end-of-the-third period messages over the Notre Dame Stadium public address system that—like the “ Play Like A Champion Today ” sign , the Hesburgh Library mural ( dubbed “ Touchdown Jesus ” ) and the “ Win One for the Gipper ” saga—turned them into an iconic figure relative to the Notre Dame football experience .
Ironically , the first two messages McCarthy offered at the end of that 1960 season were delivered with a serious tone . In the offseason they made a decision to add a quip at the end of each safety tip , and they began that with the 1961 season in hopes of increasing the effectiveness of their remarks .
“ When I began using the quips , it resulted in a barrage of loud reactions from the crowd , ” says McCarthy . “ Then it graduated to where the fans began listening for it and it would be quiet enough to hear the entire message . ”
And he 's forever thankful that they never took their wife 's advice to drop the humor .
“ My wife asked me if there were many boos and groans , and I told them there were a few . They suggested stopping the quips . I told them absolutely not because at least now the fans are listening to the entire message just to hear how corny the quip will be . ”
The end result ? McCarthy became an integral part of the fabric of a Notre Dame football weekend—and their opening line , “ May I have your attention please ? This is Tim McCarthy with the Indiana State Police , ” became one of the institutions of a home football Saturday .
While timeouts and other breaks in the action are now scripted , veteran Notre Dame Stadium public-address announcer Mike Collins remembers not so long ago when they and McCarthy at times struggled to fit the message into the game .
“ The tradition now is for Tim to read their message at the end of the third period . But , not that long ago , we were not connected to the bands by headsets the way we are now . It was n't uncommon for one of the bands to launch into a song at a timeout , and so it might take four or five or six breaks before we could fit them in somewhere in the second half . ”
In fact , Collins , who will work their 200th Irish home game in the 2015 season opener versus Texas , became fast friends with McCarthy . They even collaborated on a 2009 book , “ May I Have Your Attention Please . . . Wit & Wisdom from the Notre Dame Press Box. ” They still have breakfast or lunch together about once per month .
After 55 years on the job , McCarthy has more than their share of stories :
-- “ In the old ( Notre Dame Stadium ) press box I generally watched the game from the outside balcony where the television cameras were set up . State troopers wear a ‘ campaign ' style hat with a metal badge on the front . It was a close game and when the Irish scored the winning touchdown I jumped up to cheer . The top of my head hit an overhead steel beam , and I soon realized my head was bleeding . The hat badge had scraped through my scalp . I pulled the hat down tight to keep the blood from leaking out and drove to the hospital emergency room and required six stitches . ”
-- “ From the balcony of that same old press box was a view of what was then a fan 's parking lot . During one game I noticed some youths breaking into cars . I pointed this out to longtime South Bend Tribune photographer Dutch Henning . I had them take a close-up photo . Dutch developed it and gave it to the sheriff 's department who used it to identify and arrest the youths . ”
-- “ It 's not unusual to see a well-known celebrity in the press box . Prior to game time the elevator to the press box is always busy . One day I noticed former world boxing champion Muhammad Ali crowded in with me . By accident , Ali stepped on my shoe . As they turned to excuse himself , I said , ‘ Perfectly okay , Champ , no problem whatsoever . ' Later they were seen patiently signing autographs for their fans . I wondered if they would sign the top of my shoe , but I did n't ask . ”
-- “ At another game former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and some friends boarded the elevator . I never saw a person so happy and so bubbly as them I later learned the reason they likely are so happy is because they hit a hole-in-one on the Notre Dame golf course that morning . ”
Collins has a few stories , too :
-- “ My first game doing the PA was the first night game at Notre Dame Stadium against Michigan in 1982 . Even with the temporary lighting at the stadium , it was so dark in the PA booth I had to hold up a lighter so Tim could see . ”
-- “ I ca n't tell you how many times I 'll be in the booth and I 'll sense there 's someone behind me and I 'll turn around . And they 'll say , ‘ Where 's Tim McCarthy ? ' None of these people know what they look like , and yet he 's like some kind of rock star . ”
For years , McCarthy was simply the voice in the wilderness at Irish games . Slowly but surely that changed . In 1992 , the University published a book titled “ Notre Dame Football Today ” that included a feature piece and full-page photo of McCarthy at the Stadium . McCarthy earned more and more invitations to more and more events , often related to delivering some sort of message akin to their safety puns . They had—somewhat grudgingly—become a celebrity in their own right . The Notre Dame Monogram Club presented them with an honorary monogram in 2013 .
“ For years the stadium crowd never saw my face . After I began appearing at some University and student events is when I became recognized . Students saying hello while walking through campus is really a happy experience for me . I appeared at a few pre-game rallies , some of the student hall rallies and always at the Dillon Hall rally . It was always enjoyable to be at student events because those young men and women are the very best . Always number one in my book , ” says McCarthy .
Little did McCarthy know when they accepted the job as safety education officer for the Indiana State Police what a career it would become . When they retired from the state police in 1979 they thought that might be the end of their role at Notre Dame Stadium , but then-athletics director Moose Krause invited them to continue .
The rest is history , all based on a series of three-inch-by-five-inch index cards on which McCarthy typed each message—and they saved them all .
“ It 's been a long run , and it 's something I 've particularly enjoyed , ” they say .
For someone who never coached , carried , threw or kicked a football at Notre Dame Stadium , McCarthy left an indelible mark on the football program at the University of Notre Dame .
Even if most fans still have no idea what they look like .
“ The trip home will be heavenly . . . if you drive like an angel . ”
Since launching its new ABC News channel on Apple TV a month ago , ABC today reached out with some stats on how people have been using the app and also announced the addition of new local stations .
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
Since Apple TV is still a relatively closed platform only available to select Apple partners , we often do n't hear much on stats in terms of viewers vs other platforms . Today we learn that in the first 30 days of being available on Apple TV , ABC News is experiencing users watching 50 % more live video on Apple TV than on desktop and mobile combined . It also says viewers spend 65 % more time per visit on Apple TV compared to desktop and that live video streams are making up around 20 % of its total video views in the app .
In addition to the stats , ABC announced that it 's adding three more local stations to its live stream offerings including KOAT in Albuquerque , WCVB in Boston , and KITV in Honolulu . Those add to the 9 stations it launched with the app in late June . You can check out the full infograph with more stats from ABC News below :
One-armed New York volleyball player Eddie Nogay — YouTube
A wildly inspiring New York boys volleyball player passed away after a long fight with lung cancer on Tuesday , bringing an end to the touching saga of one teen 's determination to continue playing the sport they loved even as their body was ravaged by disease .
As reported by the New York Post , 18-year-old one-armed Brooklyn ( N.Y. ) Fort Hamilton High senior Eddie Nogay was pronounced dead at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York . They had celebrated their 18th and final birthday just a day before , touchingly following through on a promise they made to their mother and brother , Victor , that they would not die before their 18th birthday and then that they would n't die on their birthday itself .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Nogay 's official time of death made that final promise to live through their birthday their last success : They passed away at 12:01 a.m. on Tuesday .
“ We always expected this , ” Victor Nogay told the Post . “ We had hope , but that was more like praying for a miracle . Eddie knew it . They were prepared for it . ... They were preparing us all week . ''
Nogay gained national attention in April , when they began competing on the Fort Hamilton boys volleyball team with only their left arm . Their right arm had been amputated below the shoulder after a sarcoma was found in their right elbow in fall 2012 , but they refused to stop competing in volleyball , and persisted through the entire 2013 season despite two collapsed lungs , even returning from a forced medical respite to score the first point of Fort Hamilton 's city playoff opener and eventually lead the team to the city quarterfinals .
By : |
Myo is the world 's first gesture-controlled armband , an innovative new piece of technology that harnesses electrical activity in your muscles to control computers , phones and other electronics via Bluetooth .
Developed by Thalmic Labs in Waterloo , Ontario , the Myo armband uses electrical activity from your muscles in your arms , as you move your hand , sensing the motions and rotations and then sends the command to the device . This electrical activity is plugged in wirelessly over Bluetooth to various different electronic or digital devices .
The stretchable device is a one-size-fits all armband that 's made with light material so as to be as comfortable as possible for the wearer . The Myo 's creators claim that it could completely revolutionize the way we interact with technology .
Its uses are broad , from controlling our TVs and smartphones to operating machinery . The armband has great potential for the latter , allowing users to control equipment from a distance or while in dangerous terrain . This could prove particularly safe , while also productive , in construction sites or similar environments .
Pre-orders for the Myo are available now , starting at $ 149.00 .
Early in the AM yesterday , I decided to hit nostalgia in its core by joining in on the Wolfpack Hustle Marathon Crash Ride . For those not familiar , this ride use to be an underground race that crashed the LA Marathon course due to it 's closed off roads hours before the official running race .
Local urban cyclists decided to take advantage of this and organized a grass roots race . The race quickly gained international spotlight through the short documentary film , Racing the End . Nowadays , due to the inherent danger of the race and law enforcement pressure , the event is no longer a competitive race , but an escorted ride . Regardless , it still remains a fun event to join in on .
Before living here , this was one of the first events I ever experienced in Los Angeles , flying in all the way from Florida . Luckily I was able to attend the last year it was hosted as a race at its peak attendance ( well into the thousands ) in 2013 . Coincidentally , a few days ago I actually released a video riding around in Los Angeles with a backstory that touches base on this .
Below are a some of the very few photos I captured from yesterday 's event . Sorry I did n't capture more , I was too busy having fun riding .
Ivan Rakitic remains confident Barcelona can lift the Liga title this season despite seeing their eight-point lead wiped out in recent weeks .
Sunday 's 2-1 home defeat to Valencia – which saw Lionel Messi score their 500th senior goal – means Barça are now only leading the way thanks to their superior head-to-head record against Atletico Madrid , while Real Madrid are only a point behind in third .
It was another frustrating day for Luis Enrique 's side as they slipped to a third successive top-flight defeat – the first time that has happened since 2003 .
Rakitic – who diverted the opening Valencia goal past Claudio Bravo – is not worried , though , and expects Barça to turn their flailing fortunes around .
`` We have to get together and win all the games that remain , '' said the Croatia international .
`` The luck was in Valencia 's favour , but the desire was ours . It was just that the ball did n't want to go in .
`` We 're sad for what 's happened , but we 're experienced and we must be together . Together , we 'll win .
`` We do n't have any doubts about ourselves , but the dynamic is n't good and we have to change it .
`` We had a clear chance at the end with [ Gerard ] Pique 's , but it only underlined the bad luck that accompanied us in the game . ''
In 2001 , after nine years spent hiding from public view , the great Bobby Fischer began to play internet chess . At least we think they did . No one can be certain , because the player many reckoned to be Fischer was using a pseudonym . The British grandmaster Nigel Short said they were “ 99 % sure ” that they had played , and lost to , Fischer . “ My unseen opponent began with some highly irregular , if not totally absurd , opening moves , ” Short said . “ From this deliberately unpromising position emerged moves of extraordinary power. ” Fischer was a man blessed with such unique , imaginative and powerful talent that their opponents knew them by their style of play alone .
In the morning they are on edge , almost uneasy . Kumar Sangakkara edges a catch to second slip , soon after so does Steve Davies . Twenty minutes in , two batsmen gone , and Surrey four down now . Leicestershire have n't won a championship match in the last two years . Easy pickings , some say . But under their new coach , Andrew MacDonald , and captain Mark Cosgrove , they have a hard edge . Their lines are tight , their chatter loud , their fielding sharp .
Andrew Strauss confirms no immediate England recall for Kevin Pietersen Read more
Ask me then , at the start of play , and I 'll give you the same answer I 've been using for a year . “ Should they pick KP ? ” No , not now . It was the wrong decision to sack him , when , if they 'd really wanted , they could simply have dropped them from the side as they would have done any other player . But now they were too old , their form too poor , and had offended too many people , for it to be worth bringing them back .
For an hour , they rely on two of their least celebrated shots , the leave , in which they twist their torso till he 's front on to the bowler , and that distinctive block , in which they lurch towards the ball and pats it down , as though it were a rambunctious puppy leaping up at their legs . They flap at a sharp short ball from the young all-rounder Ben Raine . The ball catches something , perhaps their arm , perhaps their bat . Leicestershire is sure they have got him . They do n't . Two balls later , he 's up on their toes , and is hit on their pads playing outside the line . Another appeal . Another not out . Soon after , their 50 is up .
It had been one year , nine months , and 11 days since Pietersen 's last first-class hundred . Since then , their only three-figure score in any format was the 170 they took off the students at The Parks at the start of this season . In the 29 innings they played last year there were only two fifties , one for Delhi Daredevils , another for Melbourne Stars . They said it was all down to a dodgy knee which needed regular cortisone injections . Once it was treated , their form started to come back . After Christmas , there were a couple more fifties , both in the Big Bash . Even so , playing T20 was no way to make a case for winning Test selection . Not if they were serious .
Half an hour before lunch , they begin to tick . They are calmer now . One drive whistles past cover , another disappears straight back past the bowler . There is that signature back-foot drive of his , both feet together , elbow high , body bending like a reed in the wind . The spinner is on before lunch . Step , step , swat . Four . Their feet seem sure of themselves , their movements are fluid . Step , step , swat . Six . That 's 95 . All of a sudden they get nervous . A tough caught-and-bowled goes down . There is an appeal for a catch down the leg side , another for a catch down the off . They grin at the bowler . A late cut , and as they come back for the third run they punch the air . There 's a leap , too . But they do n't bother taking their helmet off as they wave their bat to the crowd . You get the impression they still have business in the middle .
It was Colin Graves who changed the game . They blew a great breath of fresh air through English cricket when they said that the first thing Pietersen has to do “ is play county cricket for somebody ” , if “ he does that and then comes out and scores a lot of runs they ca n't ignore them I would have thought . But that is up to him. ” It 's the oldest , fairest , law in cricket : make your case with runs and wickets . So Pietersen persuaded , Sunrisers Hyderabad to release them from the group stages of the IPL so they could play for Surrey . But they only made 19 and 53 * against Glamorgan , 32 and 8 * against Essex . Sunrisers said all along they would , most likely , want them back for the final stages of the IPL . This match against Leicestershire was their last , the best chance to do what Graves had asked of him .
When Tom Curran gets out , caught off an ambitious cut , they are on 154 . A cover drive , played as they walk towards the ball , takes them to 158 . The same score they made here a decade ago , in the fifth Test Ashes Test of 2005 . A fortnight or so ago , I interviewed Peter Siddle , who has played more Tests against Pietersen than any other bowler . Got them out more times than anyone else too . “ People keep saying that I 'd be happy to have them back , ” Siddle says . “ But at the end of the day they average 50 in Test cricket , so I 'm pretty happy if they stay out of the side . ”
We ca n't know for sure , but it seems likely that Pietersen knew what was coming on Monday evening , that the ECB was going to tell them there was no way back after all . Their friend and cheerleader Piers Morgan revealed as much at the end of the day , when they tweeted that “ Andrew Strauss and Tom Harrison asked to see KP tonight . I believe to tell them they would n't play for England again ” . Strauss says it is only in the short-term , that they have n't banned them from playing in the future . But it feels like these innings was both a last appeal , and , more than likely , a farewell to the first-class game . They always had a sense of occasion .
Through the afternoon they had bided their time . They trusted in both Gary Wilson and Gareth Batty , shared the strike , showed the bowlers an almost incongruous level of respect , and took few risks . When Curran was out they began to play as only they can , striding forward into straight drives that disappeared over long-off , dropping into squats to play reverse sweeps . They were back , now , in a realm all of their own , one unapproached by any other modern English batsman . Leicestershire 's captain , Mark Cosgrove , set eight men back on the boundary , five of them on the off side . It did n't make a whit of difference .
First , 250 . Then , 254 , their highest first-class score , then , the 300 , the first of their career ; 70 in a 100-run partnership with Chris Tremlett , an undefeated 95 in another with Matthew Dunn . Bowling became an entirely futile pursuit , like trying to swim up Niagara Falls . The shots “ highly irregular , if not totally absurd ” , and yet had “ extraordinary power ” . It could only be Pietersen . They say the issue was never with their talent . They 've likely forgotten how extraordinary , how immense , their talent is . It has , after all , been a long while since we 've seen them play like this . And if it comes down to attitude , you could rightly ask whether it says more about theirs or theirs that they are not in the team .
Ask me the question now , at the close of play , and I 'll give you a different answer .
• This is an extract taken from the Spin , the Guardian 's weekly cricket email . To subscribe , just visit this page , find ‘ The Spin ' and follow the instructions .
Report : the FRA makes trains less safe , more expensive
A new report out by the Competitive Enterprise Institute ( and I suspect you 'll recognize half the byline ) , says the FRA 's safety regulations , enforced in the name of safety , perversely make us less safe . Rather than use the best practices of Europe or encourage train manufacturers to innovate , the FRA 's rules prescribe antiquated crash management technology from the 1910s . Dangerous and more expensive trains are the result .
To find out the full story , you should read the report for yourself . It 's an easy read , just six pages . You can see the stark difference between the two regimes in a crash test video that went into the FRA 's report on its own safety measures . The top train is FRA-compliant , while the bottom is compliant with European regulations from the International Union of Railways ( UIC ) :
The top train experiences something called an “ override ” , which you 'll find mentioned in the report . It 's what FRA-compliant trains too-often do in a crash . And , on the bottom train , you can even watch how , for a split second during the crash , the oncoming train pauses as it absorbs the crash energy . That 's UIC crash safety in action .
The FRA requires train cars to be able to withstand 800,000 pounds of pressure without permanently bending or buckling , a measure called buff strength . In a crash , trains are supposed to bounce off each other , with the front cars resisting all the energy unleashed in the crash .
The UIC takes a different approach , adopted by Europe and Australia , called crash energy management . Rather than requiring cars to rigidly resist the crash energy , the UIC requires them to have crumple zones in areas where there likely wo n't be passengers : the nose , electrical cabinets , and inter-car passageways . In the FRA 's words , this allows trains to gracefully absorb the crash energy , evenly distributing it throughout the whole train .
The problem is the FRA 's rules do n't work as well as the UIC 's , as the video makes abundantly clear . By requiring cars to rigidly withstand all the energy of the crash , all the energy goes to the front car , which causes the override .
UIC trains attempt to manage the energy by distributing it . Though the front car still takes the brunt of the crash , other cars take much more energy than under the FRA , so the brunt is not nearly as bad . As well , to prevent override , the front crumple zone allows the front of the train to crumple into the shape of whatever it 's running into , like the front of an oncoming train . By doing so , the front train locks onto the other train , preventing override .
These two regimes of crash safety are fundamentally incompatible . Train cars can not have crumple zones and not be permanently deformed in a crash . It just does n't work .
Unfortunately , the fundamental incompatibility means transit agencies that want to run passenger rail on legacy tracks are not allowed to purchase off-the-shelf trains from Europe . Instead , they need to purchase custom-built trains , like SMART , or run locomotive-pulled designs that are inappropriate for high-frequency rapid transit , like Caltrain . This means transit agencies either have to double the cost of their trains or limit the scope of their work .
Something I realized after the report had been written , too , was that the FRA 's rules hurt domestic train manufacturers . FRA-compliant trains are illegal overseas , as they do n't meet UIC standards , just as European trains do n't meet American safety standards . This forces domestic manufacturers to choose between serving the tiny US market or the much larger global market .
Though bashing the FRA is a favored pastime among more technically-minded bloggers , desperately needed regulatory reform seems to have gained little traction where it matters most . Here 's hoping CEI 's white paper can change that .
Hollywood is the largest and most populous neighborhood in College Park , Md. , according to the city 's website .
Hollywood is the largest and most populous neighborhood in College Park , Md. , according to the city 's website . Evy Mages/For The Washington Post
When Larry Bleau began house-hunting in 1992 , they had two criteria in mind : affordability and convenience .
As a young bachelor , Bleau sought a comfortable home that fit within their tight budget . As a University of Maryland employee , they preferred a location close to campus . In the end , they decided to buy a small brick ranch-style house on a quiet street in the Hollywood neighborhood of College Park .
“ I do n't drive , so this has to be something on a bus route or biking distance , ” Bleau , now a 61-year-old tax preparer , said of their three-bedroom home . “ And I wanted to be close to the Metro in case my job changed . I knew the Green Line was coming in here at Greenbelt Metro . ”
Bleau , a longtime member of the city 's Advisory Planning Commission and the North College Park Citizens Association , said their favorite aspect of the community is its calm and quiet nature .
“ You do n't have a nightlife in Hollywood , ” they said of the mainly residential area . “ This is where people come home and go to sleep . I like just having a normal home and a normal type of town . ”
[ Born in the ‘ 60s , Chapel Square is a still pretty cool neighborhood ]
John Krouse shared a similar sentiment . The former City Council member said the neighborhood 's ease of transportation and proximity to major employment centers attract many people to the area .
Krouse said their favorite aspect of the neighborhood , however , is its “ green ” nature . Hollywood 's environmental landscape includes tree-lined streets , houses with both front and back yards , and two large parks — Hollywood Community Park and Duvall Field .
“ I 've had a lot of fun with my yard , ” said the 54-year-old environmental engineer , who enjoys gardening and strolling through the neighborhood . “ Having the kind of housing where you can have kids or pets and a little yard — I think that really is the big draw . ”
Starter homes : Hollywood is College Park 's largest and most populous neighborhood , according to the city 's website . Edward Daniels , developer of the neighboring community of Daniels Park , originally planned Hollywood as a northern extension of that community in the late 1920s . But building in the area came to a standstill until developer Albert W. Turner acquired large areas of land in the northern part of the community after World War II .
Known for its place on the old trolley line to Washington and named for its collection of holly trees , Hollywood has a slew of modest ranch- and Colonial-style homes that were built mainly in the late 1940s and early 1950s . The two- or three-bedroom houses are perfect starter homes for blue-collar and professional workers looking to “ get their foot in the door as far as homeownership is concerned , ” said Matt Carns , a Long & Foster real estate agent who previously lived in Hollywood for 16 years .
Hollywood is dominated by detached single-family houses , with nearly no other residential real estate in the area . The community has a higher proportion of single-family than 95.7 percent of U.S. neighborhoods , according to the Neighborhood Scout website .
Bleau said the homes have a decent range of sizes and styles as well as structural materials and lot sizes , so mostly anybody can find something to their taste in the area .
The shopping experience : Today , you can drive or walk to Rhode Island Avenue for a deli sandwich , pizza or Chinese takeout . The Hollywood commercial sector is tame and unassuming , with REI and MOM 's Organic Market as its main attractions . The location has several convenience stores and mom-and-pop shops as well .
[ D.C. 's Glover Park is close-in but set apart ]
For the most part , Hollywood residents do their heavy shopping beyond the neighborhood 's boundaries . With big-name stores such as Shoppers Food Warehouse , Best Buy and Costco on Route 1 , it is easy for residents to travel to neighboring communities for a more holistic shopping experience .
Living there : Hollywood is bordered roughly by the Capital Beltway to the north , the Greenbelt Metro and MARC rail tracks to the east , Kenesaw Street to the south , and Route 1 to the west . Rhode Island Avenue bisects the community , with the section to the west also known as the subdivision of Hollywood on the Hill .
During the past 12 months , 60 homes were sold in Hollywood with prices ranging from $ 125,000 for a single-family one-level rambler with two bedrooms and one bathroom to $ 387,500 for a six-year-old single-family Colonial with four bedrooms , three bathrooms and a two-car garage , Carns said .
There are nine homes for sale and eight under contract . The available properties are listed between $ 205,000 and $ 349,900 , while the houses under contract range from $ 100,000 to $ 317,000 , Carns said .
Schools : Hollywood Elementary and Al-Huda School .
Transit : In addition to the Greenbelt Metro and MARC station , the area is served by Metrobus , Shuttle UM and TheBus .
Crime : In the past 12 months , there were 12 thefts from autos , 11 residential burglaries , five robberies and three assaults in Hollywood , according to Prince George 's County police .
January has always been an interesting time for gamers . Most big titles are released during the holiday season and then developers take January and February to re-group and begin work on their next big projects . Occasionally , one or two big games that missed their holiday deadlines will end up sliding into the early months of the following year but other than that , it 's rare that a game will manage to get the conversation moving so early , let alone a free game with an original story in a genre that most of us would never dare venture into . However , one game managed to do just that in January , even with some heavy competition .
GAME OF THE MONTH – JANUARY 2012 :
Katawa Shoujo ( Mac/PC )
An English visual novel/dating sim by Four Leaf Studios ( a development team comprised of game designers from around the world who met on the popular image board 4chan ) , Katawa Shoujo puts players in the shoes of Hisao , a young man who suffers a heart attack following a love confession , is diagnosed with a terminal arrhythmia and is forced to enroll at Yamaku , a school designated for people with physical disabilities . While at school , Hisao meets five ( technically six ) girls , each with a different disability , and falls for one of them by the end of the game 's first act ( depending on the choices that the player made earlier in the game ) .
When I first heard the title of this game , I was completely shocked . The idea of a dating sim that seemingly fetishized missing limbs and scars sounded downright disturbing . It was n't until I actually played the game for myself , after the heavy insistence of many of my Twitter followers , that I realized Katawa Shoujo is not fetishizing these disabilities but instead , teaching people to understand and find beauty in the women trapped behind them . Keep in mind , this is a dating sim and by industry standards would probably be rated AO for its sexual themes . However , these aspects of the game are entirely skippable .
Unlike most games in its genre , most everything in Katawa Shoujo is tasteful and , for a free game , the level of quality exhibited is remarkable . Everything from the game 's original soundtrack to the sharp and quirky writing oozes excellence and by the end of the game , you 'll be hard-pressed to not have fallen for its lovable cast . I never thought the day would come that we 'd be naming a visual novel/dating simulation as our “ Game of the Month ” , especially over a Soul Calibur game . Perhaps the apocalypse truly is upon us . Either that , or we 've gotten soft .
RUNNERS-UP :
1 ) Final Fantasy XIII-2 ( PS3 , 360 )
2 ) Soul Calibur V ( PS3 , 360 )
Turkey might have shot down a Russian aircraft to disrupt the Syrian reconciliation process because Turkish President Recep Erdoğan wants hostilities to continue until extremist groups fill the power vacuum in Damascus , experts told Sputnik .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) — On Tuesday , a Russian Su-24 came down in Syria , 2.5 miles away from the Turkish border after it was hit with an air-to-air missile launched from a Turkish F-16 jet .
Russia has contributed to the Syrian reconciliation plan reached in Vienna on November 14 that calls for holding formal talks between the Syrian government and opposition groups to pave the way for presidential elections .
`` The Vienna talks may have triggered this event [ the downing of Su-24 ] , '' American Kurdish Information Network ( AKIN ) Director Kani Xulam told Sputnik on Tuesday . `` Reconciliation with [ Syrian President Bashar ] Assad is not what President Erdoğan wants to see in Syria . ''
Erdoğan , Xulam noted , would rather see groups like Nusra Front come to power , which Turkey has invested in for years .
`` Ideally , it would really like if NATO delivered Syria to Turkey as a client state , '' they added .
The downing of the Russian jet comes a day before French President Francois Hollande is set to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin to discuss coordinating efforts against the Islamic State in Syria in the wake of the Paris attacks .
Geopolitical analyst and StopImperialism.org editor Eric Draitser told Sputnik that Turkey shot down the Russian aircraft to undermine the Syrian peace process and to strike back at Russia for its air campaign against extremists .
`` Turkey is tremendously upset with Russia for destroying a lot of the terrorist infrastructure that Turkey has been diligently working to support since 2011 , '' Draitser argued .
Turkey has been a major instigator of the civil war in Syria and benefactor for the Islamic State by purchasing illicit oil that funds the ISIL movement , Draitser explained .
Turkey , Draitser claimed , has also provided sanctuary , medical facilities , transport and weapons to the Islamic State and its kin .
`` Turkey wants to see the Syrian state itself , if not destroyed , then at the very least remade as something far different from what it has been under secular Baathist rule , '' Draitser added .
Russian activities have thwarted Turkey 's designs for control of Syria and Erdoğan 's aspirations of regional hegemony , the geopolitical analyst suggested , another reason why the Turks may have shot down the plane .
`` That Neo-Ottoman strategy has had the breaks put on it by Russia 's engagement in Syria , '' they said .
Draitser also observed that the timing of the Russian jet takedown comes as France and other European countries seemed to be shifting away from the US position that Assad must step down .
On Wednesday , Russian Envoy to NATO Alexander Grushko said that NATO member Turkey pressured the military bloc into siding with Ankara over its decision to down a Russian warplane over Syria on the grounds of allied solidarity .
Chris Floyd , Published : 26 August 2011 Hits : 9488
I was going to write about the NATO bombing of Sirte , where in order `` protect civilians '' from the now non-existent regime of Moamar Gadafy , the humanitarian lords of the West are now killing civilians at the behest of the new , non-elected regime of the murky and murderous `` Transitional National Council . ''
But as I sat down to the keyboard , I saw that Craig Murray was already on the case . Murray , you 'll recall , was the courageous UK ambassador to Uzbekistan who dared expose the horrific tortures being practiced by the `` friendly '' regime there , which was acting as one of the many foreign proxies for the Anglo-American `` war on terror . '' For their pains , they were dismissed , demonized , marginalized . ( And accused at one point of being `` psychologically disturbed ; '' why else would anyone oppose the benevolent policies of our humanitarian honchos ? )
Here is their quick take on the attack on Sirte :
The disconnect between the UN mandate to protect civilians while facilitating negotiation , and NATO 's actual actions as the anti-Gadaffi forces ' air force and special forces , is startling .
There is something so shocking in the Orwellian doublespeak of NATO on this point that I am severely dismayed . ... I had hoped that the general population in Europe is so educated now that obvious outright lies would be rejected . I even hoped some journalists would seek to expose lies . I was wrong , wrong , wrong .
The “ rebels ” are actively hitting Sirte with heavy artillery ... they are transporting tanks openly to attack Sirte . Yet any movement of tanks or artillery by the population of Sirte brings immediate death from NATO air strike .
What exactly is the reason that Sirte 's defenders are threatening civilians , but the artillery of their attackers – and the bombings themselves – are not ? Plainly this is a nonsense . People in foreign ministries , NATO , the BBC and other media are well aware that it is the starkest lie and propaganda , to say the assault on Sirte is protecting civilians . But does knowledge of the truth prevent them from peddling a lie ? No .
It is worth reminding everyone something never mentioned , that UNSCR 1973 which established the no fly zone and mandate to protect civilians had
“ the aim of facilitating dialogue to lead to the political reforms necessary to find a peaceful and sustainable solution ; ”
... Plainly the people of Sirte hold a different view to the “ rebels ” as to who should run the country . NATO has in effect declared being in Gadaffi 's political camp a capital offence . There is no way the massive assault on Sirte is “ facilitating dialogue ” . it is rather killing those who do not hold the NATO-approved opinion . That is the actual truth . It is extremely plain .
I have no time for Gadaffi . I have actually met him , and they really are nuts , and dangerous . There were aspects of their rule in terms of social development which were good , but much more that was bad and tyrannical . But if NATO is attacking them because they are a dictator , why is it not attacking Dubai , Bahrain , Syria , Burma , Zimbabwe , or Uzbekistan , to name a random selection of badly governed countries ?
“ Liberal intervention ” does not exist . What we have is the opposite ; highly selective neo-imperial wars aimed at ensuring politically client control of key physical resources .
Wars kill people . Women and children are dying now in Libya , whatever the sanitised media tells you . The BBC have reported it will take a decade to repair Libya 's infrastructure from the damage of war . That in an underestimate . Iraq is still decades away from returning its utilities to their condition in 2000 .
I strongly support the revolutions of the Arab Spring . But NATO intervention does not bring freedom , it brings destruction , degradation and permanent enslavement to the neo-colonial yoke . From now on , Libyans -- like us -- will be toiling to enrich western bankers . That , apparently , is worth to NATO the reduction of Sirte to rubble .
All too true . The only slight demurral I might make is with this is Murray 's surprise at the disconnect between the noble-sounding natterings of NATO 's nabobs and the murderous reality of their actions . ( Of course , Murray themselves notes that `` I suffer from that old springing eternal of hope , and am therefore always in a state of disappointment .. '' ) There is n't anything startling about the way the Libyan adventurism has played out . It has followed the old Kosovo template nearly to the letter , with most of the same outright lies by the leaders and self-blinding justifications by the `` serious '' commentariat .
Murray is quite right to point to the `` sanitized '' version of the war that we have gotten . No doubt in the months and years to come , the true death toll notched up by the humanitarians will come out ... in dribs and drabs , in obscure corners , or even -- why not ? -- in a `` major '' feature in a respectable publication , whose years-late revelations will be swiftly brushed aside and forgotten . ( Like the LA Times ' award-winning , multi-part expose in the 1990s of the corrupt and criminal machinations that led up to the first Gulf War . ) After all , we live in a militarist-corporatist-police state , but not a totalitarian one ; information is out there , facts can be obtained , trenchant criticism can be found -- you can go and see Noam Chomsky speaking in public any time you like . Our masters learned long ago that manipulating and massaging information ( and misinformation ) is much more effective , and longer-lasting , than attempts at total suppression and control .
Thus Craig Murray was not jumped in an alleyway , or killed in an obscure and ambiguous `` accident '' of some sort , as might have happened in imperiums of old . They were simply shunted to the sidelines and rendered `` unserious '' by official disapproval .
But however they twist and torment the facts , the truth remains what it is . And the truth is that we are seeing , yet again , in Libya is the murder , in our name , of innocent people by the preening , lying , self-righteous , silk-suited thugs of NATO .
Nearly all of the women in the House Democratic Caucus on Tuesday called for the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee to investigate allegations that President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE engaged in sexual misconduct before winning the White House .
By late in the day , more than half of the 193-member Democratic caucus had gone on record as supporting a congressional probe into accusations against Trump that surfaced during the 2016 presidential race .
The push gave Democratic women another chance to flex their muscle , having already introduced legislation to overhaul Capitol Hill 's harassment policies and pushed to oust male colleagues accused of sexual harassment .
ADVERTISEMENT
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi Nancy Patricia D'Alesandro PelosiHouse to push back at Trump on border Governors bullish on infrastructure after Trump talks Pelosi attends signing of New York 's new 'red flag ' gun control bill MORE ( D-Calif. ) endorsed the effort against Trump .
“ I do n't think that a person who has been a sexual harasser should be president of the United States but there is — hopefully the committee will do the investigation , ” Pelosi told reporters in the Capitol .
The Republican chairperson of the Oversight Committee , Rep. Trey Gowdy Harold ( Trey ) Watson GowdyThe family secret Bruce Ohr told Rod Rosenstein about Russia case Trey Gowdy joins Fox News as a contributor Congress must take the next steps on federal criminal justice reforms MORE ( S.C. ) , said they would not pursue such an investigation .
Gowdy acknowledged that the allegations outlined in the Democrats ' letter would amount to crimes and said they are sending a copy to the Justice Department , “ albeit with the understanding the Department does not have jurisdiction over state law violations . ”
“ This Committee , nor any other Committee of Congress , does not , and can not , prosecute crimes , ” Gowdy wrote in a response to the letter , which was spearheaded by Rep. Lois Frankel Lois Jane FrankelDems call on Trump to fire Acosta Lawmakers wear white to State of the Union to show solidarity with women Trump will give State of Union to sea of opponents MORE ( D-Fla. ) . “ Those alleging sexual assault or criminal sexual conduct deserve to be interviewed by law enforcement professionals , and charging decisions should be made by prosecutors based on the quantum and quality of the admissible and provable evidence . ”
But the push served as a rallying cry for Democrats eager to demonstrate their intolerance for sexual harassment .
When asked if the Oversight Committee should prioritize investigating the allegations against Trump if Democrats win back the House next year , Frankel replied : “ Yes . ”
Rep. Elijah Cummings Elijah Eugene CummingsDems press Barr to make Mueller report public Trump bans abortion providers , referrals from family planning program Cohen to testify before Senate Intel on Tuesday MORE ( Md . ) , the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight Committee who would likely become chairperson if Democrats win the chamber next year , endorsed the push to investigate Trump .
“ It is extremely hard for Republicans to argue that Congress should ignore these multiple allegations , ” Cummings said in a statement .
Frankel pointed to the Whitewater probe during the Clinton administration as an example of Congress investigating allegations against presidents that occurred before they took office .
“ ‘ Me Too ' is saying loud and clear that accusations of sexual abuse should be taken seriously , ” said Frankel , the chairwoman of the Democratic Women 's Working Group .
More than 50 Democratic men also signed on to the letter , bringing the total of signatories to more than 100 and counting .
The allegations against Trump have been gaining fresh attention in light of the sexual harassment scandals plaguing other politicians and media figures .
On Monday , three women who accused Trump of sexual misconduct during the campaign reemerged , calling on Congress to open an investigation into their allegations and those of at least 14 other women .
Trump has denied the allegations and insists they do n't know the accusers .
“ Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent , the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia — so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I do n't know and/or have never met . FAKE NEWS ! ” Trump tweeted on Tuesday morning .
People magazine on Tuesday responded by publishing a photo of them with Natasha Stoynoff , who alleged that Trump pushed them against a wall and forcibly kissed them
Trump also went after Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Kirsten Elizabeth GillibrandWarren Buffett : I would support Bloomberg if they ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers ' Dem Party chief defends initial response to Smollett incident : 'We acted on the facts as we knew at the time ' MORE ( D-N.Y. ) , who called on them to resign over the sexual misconduct allegations . They tweeted that Gillibrand “ would come to my office ‘ begging ' for campaign contributions not so long ago ( and would do anything for them ) , ” which Democrats interpreted as sexual innuendo .
“ You can not silence me or the millions of women who have gotten off the sidelines to speak out about the unfitness and shame you have brought to the Oval Office , ” Gillibrand tweeted back .
With sexual misconduct accusations mounting against their own colleagues , the female lawmakers argued that Trump should n't be exempt from scrutiny .
In the last week alone , three men — Reps. John Conyers John James ConyersDemocrats seek cosponsors for new 'Medicare for all ' bill Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message Women 's March plans 'Medicare for All ' day of lobbying in DC MORE Jr. ( D-Mich. ) and Trent Franks Harold ( Trent ) Trent FranksArizona New Members 2019 Cook shifts 8 House races toward Dems Freedom Caucus members see openings in leadership MORE ( R-Ariz. ) and Sen. Al Franken Alan ( Al ) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race , say strategists , donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE ( D-Minn. ) — have resigned or announced their resignation from Congress due to allegations of sexual harassment .
Rep. Blake Farenthold Randolph ( Blake ) Blake FarentholdFemale Dems see double standard in Klobuchar accusations Lawmaker seeks to ban ex-members from lobbying until sexual harassment settlements repaid Former Texas lawmaker Blake Farenthold resigns from lobbying job MORE ( R-Texas ) is under investigation by the House Ethics Committee for allegedly sexually harassing a female staffer , while Rep. Ruben Kihuen Ruben Jesus KihuenNevada Dem sanctioned for sexual misconduct announces city council bid Dem gains put Sunbelt in play for 2020 Pence aide defends Meadows after ethics panel reprimand : They ‘ had my back ' MORE ( D-Nev. ) is accused of sexually harassing a female aide who worked on their 2016 campaign .
Female Democrats got ahead of their own leadership in demanding that Conyers and Franken resign . Rep. Kathleen Rice Kathleen Maura RiceDem lawmakers to open probe into ‘ complex web of relationships ' between NRA , Russia McCarthy , allies retaliate against Freedom Caucus leader How Pelosi is punishing some critics while rewarding others MORE ( D-N.Y. ) , who signed Tuesday 's letter , was the first Democrat to urge Conyers to resign , while a group of female Senate Democrats were the first to push Franken out .
“ We can not ignore the multitude of women who have come forward with accusations against Mr. Trump . With that said , the president should be allowed to present evidence in their own defense , ” the Democrats wrote in the letter .
The foreign affairs department says UN special rapporteur Agnes Callamard has also set conditions : freedom of movement in the whole country , freedom of inquiry , and security
Published 8:02 PM , November 16 , 2016
MANILA , Philippines – In exchange for allowing the United Nations to probe the spate of extrajudicial killings in the Philippines , President Rodrigo Duterte has one condition : a public debate between them and UN special rapporteur Agnes Callamard .
This was mentioned during the Senate deliberations on the proposed 2017 budget of the Department of Foreign Affairs on Wednesday , November 16 .
`` The President insisted on a public debate between themselves and the UN rapporteur , '' said Senator Paolo Benigno Aquino IV , citing DFA personnel behind him . Aquino was the one answering because they are the sponsor of the proposed DFA budget .
Senator Leila de Lima then asked if such conditions from a `` host country '' are deemed normal . ( READ : LOOK : Duterte admin 's formal invitation to UN rapporteur )
Aquino , in response , said : `` No , it is not usual . But of course it is our right to also ask as other conditions have also been asked of us . ''
The DFA said Callamard has no response yet on the specific condition .
De Lima asked : Would the invitation be withdrawn if the UN rapporteur declines the condition ?
The DFA , through Aquino , said : `` It 's a condition . But the inter-agency group would discuss it . ''
The DFA said the inter-agency group composed of Filipino representatives would determine the issue next week , including the possible options should Callamard refuse to join Duterte in a `` public debate . ''
Callamard , the DFA said , has also relayed 3 conditions to the Philippine government : freedom of movement in the whole country , freedom of inquiry , and security .
Duterte first posed the challenge to Callamard in August , after the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) expressed concern over the rise of killings of suspected drug personalities in the Philippines .
`` I 'd like to talk to that alleged expert of the UN ; I demand that they come here . Or if they want we can go to a third country . Let them talk to me and let them face me with hard facts . Not newspaper clippings… . Let 's have a debate , '' the President earlier said .
Chief Presidential Legal Counsel Salvador Panelo earlier dared UN rights experts to come to the Philippines so they can see for themselves that the government is not involved in extrajudicial killings in the war on drugs . – Rappler.com
The Catholic Church in Ireland has denied reports it is about to allow services to be conducted by lay people in an effort to solve the drop-off in priest numbers .
The Irish Catholic newspaper has claimed that the church hierarchy have drawn up plans to allow parishes to hold Sunday services led by lay people due to a lack of priests .
The paper 's lead story claims : “ The Catholic bishops are drawing up radical new plans for parishes to hold Sunday services led by lay people , as more and more communities are set to be left without a priest for the first time . ”
The article continues : “ A ‘ discussion document ' will be circulated to senior Church leaders in coming weeks , which will set out plans for what parishioners can do when there is no priest to say Mass .
“ Lay people will be expected to take a lead role . However , married deacons , eight of whom have already been ordained , will also coordinate liturgies in the absence of a priest . ”
A spokesperson for the Church has since rubbished the story in an article printed by the Irish Times .
The spokesperson told the Irish Times in a statement : “ The claim that Sunday services would be led by lay people is incorrect .
“ Rather , over the last number of years , in relation to weekday liturgy when Mass is not celebrated , bishops have been discussing this important issue .
“ In these discussions there is a distinction between the centrality of the celebration of the Eucharist on a Sunday , and Eucharist celebrated on a weekday .
“ Bishops are always concerned to ensure the adequate provision of opportunities for communities to gather for worship , especially in the aftermath of this year 's International Eucharistic Congress in Ireland and given the centrality of the Eucharist to the Catholic faith .
“ In the absence of a priest to preside at the celebration of the Mass , the church still gathers to worship God . ”
The Irish Catholic article also stated that a spokesperson for Archbishop Diarmuid Martin of Dublin had confirmed to the newspaper that Dr Martin had not given permission for a nun to lead a Communion service in a Co Wicklow parish last weekend ‘ when no priest turned up ' .
The newspaper quoted a spokesperson as saying the incident was ‘ unprecedented ' and a ‘ one-off event ' .
Several species of bumble bee , including Bombus occidentalis , pictured , are experiencing steep population declines . ( ARS photo )
The research finds the American commercial bumble bee industry accidentally helped spread a fungal pathogen of bees .
Scientists hoping to explain widespread declines in wild bumble bee populations conducted the first long-term genetic study of Nosema bombi , a key fungal pathogen of honey bees and bumble bees .
They report in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences they found that N. bombi was present in the U.S. as early as 1980 , well before several species of wild bumble bees started to go missing across the country .
Critically , they also found that N. bombi infections in large-scale commercial bumble bee pollination operations coincided with infections and declines in wild bumble bees .
“ We used molecular techniques to screen thousands of bumble bees to track Nosema infections before and after the bees began to decline , ” says University of Illinois entomology professor Sydney Cameron , who led the new research .
“ We wanted to test the idea floating about for a couple of decades that Nosema bombi prevalence in declining populations is connected with commercial production of bumble bees for pollination . ”
The study included an analysis of DNA sequence variation in N. bombi over time and in different geographical locations . For historical evidence of infection , the team turned to bee specimens in natural history collections in North America and Europe .
“ Our results support the hypothesis that Nosema is a key player in U.S. bumble bee declines , ” Cameron says . “ They also indicate a temporal connection between historical infections in wild bumble bee populations and the late 1990s Nosema-induced collapse of commercial production of Bombus occidentalis in North America . ”
The researchers found parallels between the use of bumble bees to pollinate greenhouse tomatoes in the Pacific West and Eastern Canada and declines in wild bumble bee species that inhabit those same regions .
The N. bombi-related declines in wild bees occurred shortly after many commercial bumble bee operations collapsed as a result of N. bombi infections , Cameron says .
This support the hypothesis that Nosema escaped into wild populations from heavily infected commercial colonies , at least during the earlier years of bumble bee domestication in the U.S. they say .
While the new study is not a definitive explanation of the widespread bumble bee losses , which are likely the result of many factors , Cameron says , it challenges a popular hypothesis about the sudden declines of wild bumblebees in the early 1990s .
That hypothesis – that a newly arrived N. bombi strain from Europe caused the bumble bee declines – was an educated guess , since wild bees and commercial bees suffered devastating losses linked to N. bombi infections at about the same time , in the early 1990s .
“ We found low genetic diversity and very few genetic differences between European and U.S. Nosema strains , ” they say . “ And we found no evidence to support the arrival of an unusual strain of N. bombi in North America in the 1990s . ”
The coincidence of N. bombi infections and losses of bumblebees in wild and commercial populations suggests the fungus is a key player in bumble bee declines , Cameron says .
“ But we still do n't know whether the fungus is becoming more virulent or the bumble bees – already stressed from habitat loss and degradation and other infections – are becoming more susceptible to Nosema . ”
After a very successful Spring Split , Team Dignitas ' Smite team qualified for the Masters LAN and was fully expected to be one of the best teams there . Considering it was their first LAN performance , their play was spectacular . Let 's go over each of their matches .
Team Dignitas vs Soar Gaming , 2:0
Team Dignitas first went up against the best team out of the North American gauntlet , Soar Gaming . Team Dignitas swept the set 2:0 , making easy work of Soar .
Game 1 was won in 25 minutes with no real resistance from Soar . Team Dignitas showed off their prowess at objective control and initiative , as they secured many free gold furies throughout the game . The highlight player in game 1 was QvoFred , playing Ravana in the jungle and truly showing the potential of this god in the early game . Game 1 was a testament to Team Dignitas ' ability to win games without getting too many kills , finishing with only 11 .
Game 2 was almost an exact repeat of Game 1 , as Soar allowed Team Dignitas to control the entire map , getting objectives and map pressure for free . While QvoFred , continued to dominate , Arkkyl also showed what they were capable of in a LAN setting , playing Hou Yi to their maximum potential . While Game 2 lasted longer than Game 1 at 29 minutes , it still set a powerful precedent : Team Dignitas were here to play .
Team Dignitas vs Team Eager , 3:0
While Team Dignitas was fully expected to win their set against Soar Gaming , the way they absolutely dominated Team Eager surprised even the most dedicated Team Dignitas fans . The last bastion of North America at the LAN , Eager was known for having unique strategies and many expected them to give Team Dignitas their first challenge .
Game 1 was a rude awakening for all Team Eager fans . Faced against a classic Eager composition which featured Guan Yu in the jungle and Fenrir in the solo lane , Team Dignitas showed no fear and wiped the floor with Eager . Eager 's early game composition required them to be extremely aggressive in the early stages of the game , but they were weirdly tame . This allowed QvoFred to once again control the early game on Ravana and Arkkyl to carry Team Dignitas through the late game on their staple Hou Yi . The last hope for North America were completely shut out , only achieving 3 kills the entire game .
However , Game 2 was the real disappointment for Eager fans . Deciding that the problem in Game 1 was their play and not their composition , they drafted the same composition and allowed Team Dignitas to basically do the same . This time , they attempted to apply more pressure in the early game and almost succeeded . Their true failing was that , while Guan Yu had pressure out of the jungle , they had no damage , and their mid and support also could not overcome this damage deficiency . Meanwhile , Team Dignitas once again had damage to spare , with the Ravana out of the jungle and Hou Yi as the ADC . This combination dominated Eager and they finished with only 3 kills once more .
Game 3 saw Team Eager finally attempt to switch up their strategy , doing away with the Guan Yu jungle . However , even their change could not stop Team Dignitas . Riding on the momentum of a 4-game winning streak , Team Dignitas effectively shut down every member of Team Eager , controlling the map for the entire game and crushing North America 's chances of LAN victory in 28 minutes .
Team Dignitas vs Obey Alliance , 2:3
Team Dignitas ' set against Obey Alliance truly showed the extent of the snowball meta which was present throughout the entire LAN . Even though they eventually lost , Team Dignitas ' play was exceptional throughout all 5 games .
Game 1 started off strong for Team Dignitas as they secured first blood on Obey 's Ravana jungle using their niche counter pick , QvoFred on Nemesis . With Obey 's early game carry shut down , Team Dignitas dominated for the rest of the game , winning in 37 minutes and with 17 kills to Obey 's 4 .
Game 2 , on the other hand , was the complete opposite . Obey 's midlaner PrettyPriMe pulled out an extremely rare pick in The Morrigan and Team Dignitas ' lack of experience against this god showed . The Morrigan punished players who went Aegis instead of Purification as their first relic , turning QvoFred 's Serqet against them and their team , securing an early game lead that they then exploited into a full win . After only managing to secure 1 kill to Obey 's 12 in 20 minutes , Team Dignitas surrendered . While this may seem like a cowardly move , it showed a lot of LAN strategy and smart thinking from Team Dignitas . Had they tried to continue the game in their current state , victory would have been almost impossible and they would have tired themselves out trying to win . This way , they left the game still fresh and prepared to keep fighting .
Team Dignitas ' decision to surrender in the previous game immediately had a positive outcome , as they absolutely smashed Game 3 . Picking up the Ravana jungle for themselves , they took advantage of the weak defensive options on the side of Obey . Fighting at full form for the entire game , they shut out Obey in 23 minutes , only dropping 1 kill . While essentially giving up Game 2 for free was risky , it obviously paid off , as Team Dignitas took the lead in the set .
The pattern continued and Obey Alliance took Game 4 with ease . Once again , PrettyPriMe was a big part of their victory , playing another non-meta god in Nox . However , Ataraxia also contributed heavily on Rama , although mostly due to some uncharacteristic mistakes from Arkkyl . For instance , Arkkyl attempted to fight Ataraxia in the early game while they still had most of their wave and their ultimate available . As good as Cernnunos ' pressure is , the combined firepower of Ataraxia 's ultimate and the masses of minion poke Arkkyl took meant that they dropped for free . While Game 4 was more competitive than any of the previous games , it was still fairly one sided , ending in 30 minutes and with only 8 kills to Team Dignitas compared to Obey 's 25 .
The set came down to a Game 5 and it was an explosive one but sadly in all the wrong ways for Team Dignitas . Continuing the meta of the set , the early game was extremely volatile and saw both teams jockeying for pressure and map control . PrettyPriMe playing their signature Vulcan , as well as Team Dignitas having some of their pressure picks taken away from them contributed to a draft which heavily favored Obey Alliance . This , combined with a few key misplays made by Team Dignitas near objectives , meant that Obey Alliance controlled the game from the 30-minute mark all the way to the end .
While not managing to secure the win , Team Dignitas still put on an incredible show , bringing the fight to both Eager and Obey , two well established teams . If this is any indication of their future performance , Team Dignitas are a top tier team and they 're here to stay .
Astro Labe was charged with assault this week after allegedly headbutting a former Australian Prime Minister ( Picture : AAP )
A DJ accused of headbutting the former Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott said ‘ he had half a skinful and I wanted to nut the c * * * . '
Astro Labe , 38 , has been charged with one count of common assault after Mr Abbott reported they were attacked on Thursday night in Hobart in Tasmania , Australia .
Girl , 6 , begged babysitter to ask their pedophile husband to stop kissing them
Speaking to Australian media , Labe said : ‘ It 's just about Tony Abbott — the f * * * ing worm that they are . '
‘ All it was I saw Tony Abbott and I 'd had half a skinful and I wanted to nut the c * * * .
‘ I did n't think it was an opportunity I 'd get again . '
Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said they were head-butted while walking in a city street . ( Picture : AP/Rick Rycroft )
Mr Abbott was Australia 's leader from September 2013 to Sempteber 2015 ( AP Photo/Rick Rycroft , File )
Labe admitted they had been drinking on Thursday evening .
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘ My motivations were alcohol fuelled to a degree . Someone had just stuck a campaign sticker on me . I 'm not an activist but , of course , I believe in human rights and equality , ' Labe told The Guardian .
The DJ , from Hobart , was granted conditional bail and will appear in court next month . It is understood they intend to plead guilty .
Sorry , this video is n't available any more .
It was reported Mr Abbott , who suffered a swollen lip in the incident , was attacked because they are prominent opponent of same-sex marriage .
Australia is currently holding a two-month poll on whether to allow same-sex marriage – an issue which has prompted fierce debate
But Labe denied their alleged actions were unrelated to the debate .
MORE : Absolutely ridiculous scare tactics used by anti-gay lobbyists in Australia
MORE : Tony Blair tempted to return to frontline politics to stop Brexit
According to the most recent study by the Congressional Budget Office , released in 2005 , capital investments like oil field leases and drilling equipment are taxed at an effective rate of 9 percent , significantly lower than the overall rate of 25 percent for businesses in general and lower than virtually any other industry .
And for many small and midsize oil companies , the tax on capital investments is so low that it is more than eliminated by var-ious credits . These companies ' returns on those investments are often higher after taxes than before .
“ The flow of revenues to oil companies is like the gusher at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico : heavy and constant , ” said Senator Robert Menendez , Democrat of New Jersey , who has worked alongside the Obama administration on a bill that would cut $ 20 billion in oil industry tax breaks over the next decade . “ There is no reason for these corporations to shortchange the American taxpayer . ”
Oil industry officials say that the tax breaks , which average about $ 4 billion a year according to various government reports , are a bargain for taxpayers . By helping producers weather market fluctuations and invest in technology , tax incentives are supporting an industry that the officials say provides 9.2 million jobs .
The American Petroleum Institute , an industry advocacy group , argues that even with subsidies , oil producers paid or incurred $ 280 billion in American income taxes from 2006 to 2008 , and pay a higher percentage of their earnings in taxes than most other American corporations .
As oil continues to spread across the Gulf of Mexico , however , the industry is being forced to defend tax breaks that some says are being abused or are outdated .
The Senate Finance Committee on Wednesday announced that it was investigating whether Transocean had exploited tax laws by moving overseas to avoid paying taxes in the United States . Efforts to curtail the tax breaks are likely to face fierce opposition in Congress ; the oil and natural gas industry has spent $ 340 million on lobbyists since 2008 , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics , which monitors political spending .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Jack N. Gerard , president of the American Petroleum Institute , warns that any cut in subsidies will cost jobs .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ These companies evaluate costs , risks and opportunities across the globe , ” they said . “ So if the U.S. makes changes in the tax code that discourage drilling in gulf waters , they will go elsewhere and take their jobs with them . ”
But some government watchdog groups say that only the industry 's political muscle is preserving the tax breaks . An economist for the Treasury Department said in 2009 that a study had found that oil prices and potential profits were so high that eliminating the subsidies would decrease American output by less than half of one percent .
“ We 're giving tax breaks to highly profitable companies to do what they would be doing anyway , ” said Sima J. Gandhi , a policy analyst at the Center for American Progress , a liberal research organization . “ That 's not an incentive ; that 's a giveaway . ”
Some of the tax breaks date back nearly a century , when they were intended to encourage exploration in an era of rudimentary technology , when costly investments frequently produced only dry holes . Because of one lingering provision from the Tariff Act of 1913 , many small and midsize oil companies based in the United States can claim deductions for the lost value of tapped oil fields far beyond the amount the companies actually paid for the oil rights .
Other tax breaks were born of international politics . In an attempt to deter Soviet influence in the Middle East in the 1950s , the State Department backed a Saudi Arabian accounting maneuver that reclassified the royalties charged by foreign governments to American oil drillers . Saudi Arabia and others began to treat some of the royalties as taxes , which entitled the companies to subtract those payments from their American tax bills . Despite repeated attempts to forbid this accounting practice , companies continue to deduct the payments . The Treasury Department estimates that it will cost $ 8.2 billion over the next decade .
Over the last 10 years , oil companies have also been aggressive in using foreign tax havens . Many rigs , like Deepwater Horizon , are registered in Panama or in the Marshall Islands , where they are subject to lower taxes and less stringent safety and staff regulations . American producers have also aggressively exploited the tax code by opening small offices in low-tax countries . A recent study by Martin A. Sullivan , an economist for the trade publication Tax Analysts , found that the five oil drilling companies that had undergone these “ corporate inversions ” had saved themselves a total of $ 4 billion in taxes since 1999 .
Transocean — which has approximately 18,000 employees worldwide , including 1,300 in Houston and about a dozen in Zug , Switzerland — has saved $ 1.8 billion in taxes since moving overseas in 1999 , the study found .
Transocean said it had paid more than $ 300 million in taxes so far for 2009 , and that its move reflected its global scope , with only 15 of its 139 rigs located in the United States . “ Transocean is truly a global company , ” it said in a statement .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Despite the public anger at the gulf spill , it is far from certain that Congress will eliminate the tax breaks . As recently as 2005 , when windfall profits for energy companies prompted even President George W. Bush — a former Texas oilman themselves — to publicly call for an end to incentives , the energy bill they and Congress enacted still included $ 2.6 billion in oil subsidies . In 2007 , after Democrats took control of Congress , a move to end the tax breaks failed .
Mr. Menendez said they believed the Gulf spill was devastating enough to spur Congress into action . But one notable omission in their bill shows the vast economic reach of the industry . While the legislation would cut many incentives over the next decade , it would not touch the tax breaks for oil refineries , many of which have operations and employees in their home state , New Jersey .
Mr. Menendez 's aides said the senator thought it was legitimate to allow refineries to continue claiming a manufacturing tax credit that they want to eliminate for drillers because refining is a manufacturing business and because refineries do not benefit from high oil prices . Mr. Menendez did not consult with New Jersey refineries when writing the bill , their aides said .
This post was migrated from Justin 's personal blog , 'Codethinked.com . ' Views , opinions , and colorful expressions should be taken in context , and do not necessarily represent those of Simple Thread ( and were written under the influence of dangerous levels of caffeination ) .
For loops have been our friend for so many years . I have fond memories of looping through huge lists of items imperatively bobbing and weaving to construct my final masterpiece !
for ( int i = 0 ; i < items.Length ; i++ ) { if ( items [ i ] .SomeValue == `` Value I 'm Looking For ! '' ) { result.Add ( items [ i ] ) ; } }
Look at that beauty . I am looping through a list of items , filtering them on some value , and then BAM ! I get a result list with the values in it . Magic I tell you , magic . And then foreach loops came along and I realized how ridiculously ugly it was .
Just check this out :
foreach ( SomeDummyClass item in items ) { if ( item.SomeValue == `` Value I 'm Looking For ! '' ) { result.Add ( item ) ; } }
Mmmmm . Beauty , simplicity , less room for error . But I still have to do a lot of declaring and looping and things . Ugh . So then they gave me the magical yield statement , and when used with a method , I could do this :
private static IEnumerable < SomeDummyClass > GetItems ( SomeDummyClass [ ] items ) { foreach ( SomeDummyClass item in items ) { if ( item.SomeValue == `` Value I 'm Looking For ! '' ) { yield return item ; } } }
Nice . Still a lot of looping , but now I do n't have to declare that stupid result list . And , if the result is never used , nothing even runs ! Lazy evaluation rocks your face people ! This still just feels gross though . Why am I holding the compilers hand so much ? I just need to say `` hello computer , give me crap in this list where SomeValue = some crap I 'm looking for '' . Lo and behold Anders Hejlsberg and their team came down from on high and delivered Linq to us . Now I say :
var result = items.Where ( i = > i.SomeValue == `` Value I 'm Looking For ! `` ) ;
And the compiler figures it all out for me . Better yet I still get lazy evaluation and I get my list filtered . Best of both worlds ! And since I am not telling the compiler exactly what to do , then in the future ( with .NET 4.0 ) when my list grows really really large , all I have to do is say :
var result = items.AsParallel ( ) .Where ( i = > i.SomeValue == `` Value I 'm Looking For ! `` ) ;
And suddenly my list is being filtered by all of the processors on the box ! This is possible because at each iteration we began to tell the computer less and less how to perform the individual operations needed in order to get our result , and instead we are now more closely telling the computer the action to take , not the specifics of how to perform the action . This lets the computer best decide how to execute our action , and in the case of Parallel Linq , we are now able to tell the framework that we want our task executed in parallel . ( In case you are wondering , there are a few reasons why it ca n't just run it as parallel by default )
As you can see , we really are moving more and more down the road of declarative development . Over time we will see more `` what '' and less `` how '' in our day to day programming adventures . And that , my friends , is life after loops .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Another day means another conflicting poll of the Democratic primary in California as the NBC News/Marist Poll found that Hillary Clinton is leading Bernie Sanders 49 % -47 % .
According to NBC News :
Clinton gets support from 49 percent of likely Democratic primary voters in the state , while Sanders gets 47 percent , which is within the survey 's margin of error .
Among a wider electorate of all potential Democratic voters in California , Sanders is ahead by one point , 48 percent to 47 percent .
Clinton and Sanders running even in California would n't affect the overall delegate math in the Democratic race , where Clinton leads Sanders by some 270 pledged delegates and 770 overall delegates . ( A tied race would essentially split the state 's 475 pledged delegates right down the middle under the Democrats ' proportional allocation system . )
The California polling has been all over the place . The only consistency in the numbers has been that Hillary Clinton is leading . How much Clinton is leading by ranges from 2-13 points depending on which poll is being examined .
If Clinton wins , it will give Democrats who want Bernie Sanders to get officially out of the race leverage to ask them to gracefully end their campaign before the Democratic convention . A Sanders victory would mean that their campaign would likely keep on fighting until Clinton is nominated at the convention .
California will give viewers some entertaining television and add a bit of intrigue to what is expected to be the night that Hillary Clinton clinches the nomination after winning New Jersey .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
There 's a pic in book “ The 99 & 900 Story ” by Lance Cole , while they 're explaining the extensive accident research Saab did during the 60 's & 70 's , where they actaully dropped a Saab 99 on it 's rooffrom 2-5m . All the windows remained intact , which is saying something .
Apparently , Saab investigated all road accidents , not only the ones involving their cars , as part of their extensive R & D , which was over and above the research carried out by their nearest “ safety conscious ” competitor .
This lead to the 99 being designed from the outset with crumple zones , front & rear , and from 1972 , side impact bars in the door were standard .
One of such interesting cases was “ hanging Saab “ . In this accident , in 1972 , the Saab 99 which was left impaled on a railway bridge afer a transporter driver had misjudged the cleareance , received great pulicity in UK .
But , quick to turn the accident to their advantage , the local Saab dealer exhibited the car in their showrooms at the weekend and took great delight in demonstrating that despite the strain on the bodyshell , the doors still opened and closed , and there was no distortion . And here 's another similar incident that set the Saab 99 as a very robust car .
The British newspaper “ The Sun ” then published interesting news about the miraculous survivor .
Englad cricket star Ian Botham chaeted death in two terrifying 1000mph crashes… In short , they managed to make two heavy traffic accidents in just over an hour .
On both accidents , they smashed two Saab cars , and they survived both times !
Embed from Getty Images
`` Swiss Brown '' redirects here . For Brown Swiss the cattle breed , see Brown Swiss cattle
Agaricus bisporus is an edible basidiomycete mushroom native to grasslands in Europe and North America . It has two color states while immature—white and brown—both of which have various names . When mature , it is known as portobello mushroom ( also portabella or portobella ) . [ 2 ]
When immature and white , this mushroom may be known as common mushroom , button mushroom , cultivated mushroom , table mushroom , crimini mushroom and champignon mushroom . When immature and brown , it may be known variously as Swiss brown mushroom , Roman brown mushroom , Italian brown mushroom , cremini/crimini mushroom , or chestnut mushroom .
A. bisporus is cultivated in more than seventy countries , [ 3 ] and is one of the most commonly and widely consumed mushrooms in the world .
Taxonomy [ edit ]
The common mushroom has a complicated taxonomic history . It was first described by English botanist Mordecai Cubitt Cooke in their 1871 Handbook of British Fungi , as a variety ( var . hortensis ) of Agaricus campestris . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] Danish mycologist Jakob Emanuel Lange later reviewed a cultivar specimen , and dubbed it Psalliota hortensis var . bispora in 1926 . [ 6 ] In 1938 , it was promoted to species status and renamed Psalliota bispora . [ 7 ] Emil Imbach ( 1897–1970 ) imparted the current scientific name of the species , Agaricus bisporus , after the genus Psalliota was renamed to Agaricus in 1946 . [ 3 ] The specific epithet bispora distinguishes the two-spored basidia from four-spored varieties .
Description [ edit ]
The pileus or cap of the original wild species is a pale grey-brown in color , with broad , flat scales on a paler background and fading toward the margins . It is first hemispherical in shape before flattening out with maturity , and 5–10 centimetres ( 2–4 inches ) in diameter . The narrow , crowded gills are free and initially , pink , then red-brown and finally a dark brown with a whitish edge from the cheilocystidia . The cylindrical stipe is up to 6 cm ( 2 1⁄ 3 in ) tall by 1–2 cm wide and bears a thick and narrow ring , which may be streaked on the upper side . The firm flesh is white , although stains a pale pinkish-red on bruising . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] The spore print is dark brown . The spores are oval to round and measure approximately 4.5–5.5 μm × 5–7.5 μm , and the basidia usually two-spored , although two-tetrasporic varieties have been described from the Mojave Desert and the Mediterranean , with predominantly heterothallic and homothallic lifestyles , respectively . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
This mushroom is commonly found worldwide in fields and grassy areas following rain , from late spring through to autumn , especially in association with manure . It is widely collected and eaten , even by those who would not normally experiment with mushroom hunting . [ 9 ]
Similar species [ edit ]
The common mushroom could be confused with young specimens of the deadly poisonous destroying angel ( Amanita sp . ) , but the latter may be distinguished by their volva or cup at the base of the mushroom and pure white gills ( as opposed to pinkish or brown of A. bisporus ) . Thus it is always important to clear away debris and examine the base of such similar mushrooms , as well as cutting open young specimens to check the gills . Furthermore , the destroying angel grows in mossy woods and lives symbiotically with spruce .
A more common and less dangerous mistake is to confuse A. bisporus with Agaricus xanthodermus , an inedible mushroom found worldwide in grassy areas . A. xanthodermus has an odor reminiscent of phenol ; its flesh turns yellow when bruised . This fungus causes nausea and vomiting in some people .
The poisonous European species Entoloma sinuatum has a passing resemblance as well , but has yellowish gills , turning pink , and it lacks a ring .
Cultivation history [ edit ]
A. bisporus being cultivated
The earliest scientific description of the commercial cultivation of A. bisporus was made by French botanist Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in 1707 . [ 12 ] French agriculturist Olivier de Serres noted that transplanting mushroom mycelia would lead to the propagation of more mushrooms .
Originally , cultivation was unreliable as mushroom growers would watch for good flushes of mushrooms in fields before digging up the mycelium and replanting them in beds of composted manure or inoculating 'bricks ' of compressed litter , loam , and manure . Spawn collected this way contained pathogens and crops commonly would be infected or not grow at all . [ 13 ] In 1893 , sterilized , or pure culture , spawn was discovered and produced by the Pasteur Institute in Paris , for cultivation on composted horse manure . [ 14 ]
Today 's commercial variety of the common mushroom originally was a light brown color . In 1926 , a Pennsylvania mushroom farmer found a clump of common mushrooms with white caps in their mushroom bed . As with the reception of white bread , it was seen as a more attractive food item and became very popular . [ 15 ] Similar to the commercial development history of the navel orange and Red Delicious apple , cultures were grown from the mutant individuals , and most of the cream-colored store mushrooms marketed today are products of this 1926 chance natural mutation .
A. bisporus is now cultivated in at least seventy countries throughout the world . [ 3 ] Global production in the early 1990s was reported to be more than 1.5 million short tons ( 1.4 billion kilograms ) , worth more than US $ 2 billion . [ 16 ]
Nutritional profile [ edit ]
In a 100-gram serving , raw white mushrooms provide 93 kilojoules ( 22 kilocalories ) of food energy and are an excellent source ( > 19 % of the Daily Value , DV ) of the B vitamins , riboflavin , niacin , and pantothenic acid ( table ) . Fresh mushrooms are also a good source ( 10–19 % DV ) of the dietary mineral phosphorus ( table ) .
While fresh A. bisporus only contains 0.2 micrograms ( 8 IU ) of vitamin D as ergocalciferol ( vitamin D2 ) , the ergocalciferol content increases substantially after exposure to UV light . [ 17 ] [ 18 ]
Research [ edit ]
Mushrooms contain hydrazine derivatives , including agaritine and gyromitrin , that have been evaluated for carcinogenic activity . [ 19 ] Agaritine , a hydrazine , poses no toxicological risk to humans when mushrooms are consumed in typical amounts . [ 20 ]
Gallery [ edit ]
Portobello mushrooms
Cross-section of a portobello cultivar
Ventral view of a portobello cultivar with a bisected stipe
Two Agaricus bisporus mushrooms that have fused together
White Agaricus bisporus
Grilled portobello , feta , and rocket salad on toasted baguette
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Ryanle Benally , 32 , said they witnessed the March 27 fatal shooting of L'Oréal Tsingine , 27 , by Winslow police Officer Austin Shipley . ( Photo : Yihyun Jeong/The Republic )
WINSLOW — Official details have been slow in coming in the March 27 fatal shooting of L'Oréal Tsingine by a Winslow police officer , a case that remains under investigation and under national scrutiny from those who call for accountability in their death .
The few details available from the Winslow Police Department about the events that unfolded on Easter Sunday : Tsingine had brandished a pair of scissors at Officer Austin Shipley when they attempted to take them into custody on the suspicion of shoplifting at a nearby Circle K. Shipley , who police said felt a substantial threat , fired five rounds from their weapon .
The Arizona Department of Public Safety is conducting an independent investigation at the request of the Winslow Police Department .
Ryanle Benally , 32 , who was inside the store when Tsingine had allegedly stolen items and a witness to the shooting , told The Republic they have spoken out publicly about what they saw first-hand because they believe that authorities were “ hiding something . ”
They said Winslow police , including Police Chief Stephen Garnett , had refused to take their statement and contact information after the shooting and that it took DPS detectives five days to get in touch .
Benally said they were brought to the Winslow Chamber of Commerce building last week and was interviewed by two DPS detectives .
“ What did you see , Mr. Benally ? ” Benally said one of the men asked him , clicking on the tape recorder to signify the start of the interview .
“ And I told them everything . ”
The Republic asked the Winslow Police Department multiple times to respond to Benally 's claims . The department has referred all questions about the case to DPS .
DPS so far has declined to comment about the shooting and its investigation . But here is what Benally said .
'She 's back again . Can you come get her ? '
About 4 p.m. on the warm Sunday , Benally said they and their 17-year-old stepson , Camron Canuho , had finished installing drywall at a home near Fourth and Williamson streets , when they decided to go directly across the street to the Circle K for some cold sodas .
Camron also wanted to grab a bag of jalapeño kettle chips to eat on their way home .
Benally said they were in line to pay when Tsingine came into the store , kicking open the door with their feet . They walked directly behind the cashier 's counter and grabbed a pack of cigarettes . They walked over to where the liquor was stocked and grabbed some shooters , they said .
They stuffed them in a white purse they wore across their body , according to Benally , and walked over to the hot dog station and began to eat one while standing in the middle of the store .
“ Everyone is just looking at her , following them around the store with their eyes , ” they said .
Benally said they recognized Tsingine from a few hours earlier that day , when they had come to the store to grab some items while working . They had entered right in front of him .
Tsingine had grabbed two six-packs of beer and ran out , according to Benally .
This time , they did n't seem to be in a hurry to leave .
The cashier picked up the phone and called the police , they said .
“ She 's back again . Can you come get her ? ”
Tsingine kicked the door on their way out , Benally said .
'This is why you do n't steal '
`` Where is she ? ” an officer asked when they walked into the Circle K shortly after the cashier had reported the shoplifting .
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news , in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733 . Delivery : Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Benally said everyone in the store pointed outside . They had headed west on Fourth Street .
The officer called in the directions on their radio . Benally said almost immediately they could see a police car speeding down the street with its siren on .
“ 'Look , this is going to be a lesson learned right here , we 're going to see them get arrested , ' ” they said as they looked down at this stepson . “ 'This is why you do n't steal . ' ”
Benally said they and Camron walked in the direction they had seen Tsingine walking and toward where the patrol car had just zoomed by .
The car came to a stop and an officer ran out toward Tsingine , who was walking on the sidewalk . Benally said they recognized the officer as Austin Shipley , who had deployed a Taser at Benally in a domestic-violence call at their house almost a year ago .
Benally said Shipley grabbed them by the wrist and then , Benally said , they saw their body fly .
“ I do n't know why they did that . Them whole body flew over them and slammed into the concrete . Then they put their knee behind her , ” Benally said , as they got on their own knee on their living room floor , animating what they saw .
“ It was rapid-fire . Five times . Boom , boom , boom , boom , boom. ” Ryanle Benally
At that moment , the officer who had responded to the Circle K pulled up to the scene and got out of their car , Benally said .
They said that was the moment they believed Shipley would place their cuffs on Tsingine .
“ He had both their arms . But they started screaming , ‘ Stop resisting . ' It got real loud . ” '
According to Benally , Shipley stood up and pulled out theirs firearm .
“ It was rapid-fire . Five times , ” Benally said as they stood up and formed their hands into a gun . “ Boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , ”
Benally lowered their hands and looked down at the carpet .
' I think that was n't supposed to happen '
Camron dropped their bag of chips , Benally said , and looked up at their stepfather .
“ I think that was n't supposed to happen , ” Benally said Camron told him .
Benally told them to stay back as they ran closer to where Tsingine lay on their back on the concrete . They were twitching and gasping for air .
Shipley stood at a distance , leaning against their car , Benally said . The other officer stood by .
Benally said they offered to do CPR , but the officer held up their arms and told them to stand back .
“ I was so upset . I started shouting , ” Benally said . “ They shot them and they would n't let me help . ' ''
The whole neighborhood came out after hearing the succession of gunshots and Benally 's screams . A crowd began to form .
At that time , a brown Lincoln pulled up to the scene and Chief Garnett exited the car , Benally said .
“ 'Chief , I have seen the whole thing . Take my statement , ' ” Benally said they told him .
Instead , Benally said Garnett talked to Shipley and Shipley went and sat in the passenger seat of a fire truck .
Benally said they approached the officer who had been at the Circle K and said , “ 'You have seen the same thing I have seen . They shot them dead . Tell them . ' ”
“ He looked at me like they knew I was right . But they stayed quiet . ”
Both officers were wearing body cameras , Benally said .
They and Camron stayed at the scene until 7 p.m. , and no law-enforcement officer took their statement , Benally said .
“ They cried and I cried with them ”
L'Oréal Tsingine , 27 , allegedly stole items from the Circle K on Fourth and Williamson streets in Winslow on March 27 before they were shot by Officer Austin Shipley . ( Photo : Yihyun Jeong / The Republic )
Jennifer Jaramillo , 44 , a cashier at a Circle K near the one Tsingine visited , said cashiers in Winslow make calls to police almost every day .
“ It 's a very common thing here , stealing , ” said Jaramillo , who has worked at the same location for 19 years . “ It 's a common thing for all convenience stores . ”
Jaramillo said it is company protocol to report every shoplifting incident . Employees are required to log each occurrence along with a suspect 's description . Cashiers learn quickly to pick up on someone 's behavior when they walk into the store .
“ Their body language can say it all , ” they said . `` But I would never expect a call I make to escalate to anything like what happened to her . ''
Nearly two weeks since the shooting , Benally and Camron said they were still shaken by the events they witnessed .
Benally 's wife , Noreen Canuho , 39 , is particularly worried about Camron . They said they are researching different forms of counseling that could be helpful for them son .
“ When they got home , they came running to me and said , ‘ Mom this is what the cop did . They went over them and … , ' ” they said trailing off as they looked down at their hands . “ And now he 's quiet . ”
DPS detectives reached out to the family again Thursday , requesting an interview with Camron . The teen is nervous and reluctant to talk about the events , Canuho said .
Benally said they were troubled by some of the information released by authorities , who said Tsingine threatened the officer with scissors . Benally did not see any scissors , they said .
Winslow police have stated that the second officer did n't arrive at the scene until after the shooting .
“ We have seen the same thing , ” Benally said . “ He said nothing . ”
They said the discrepancies and the lack of action in their death is making the ordeal tougher for them to process .
“ This will be a message that any human can do that to another human . And the community will always fear them. ” Ryanle Benally
Raul Garcia , a DPS spokesperson , said their agency would make no further comments while the shooting was under investigation .
Benally , who is Navajo , said they met Tsingine 's family at a vigil held on April 1 at the site where they had witnessed the final moments of Tsingine 's life . They had requested that they not speak about what they saw that day , because they wanted to keep the event peaceful .
Instead , the family invited them to their home on the Navajo Reservation , about 40 miles north of Winslow .
“ They cried and I cried with them , ” Benally said .
“ If nothing happens from this , something is very wrong with the department. ” Benally said , holding their 11-month-old daughter , Natasha .
“ This will be a message that any human can do that to another human . And the community will always fear them . ”
Friends visit the vigil site for L'Oréal Tsingine , who was shot and killed by Winslow police Officer Austin Shipley on March 27 . ( Photo : Yihyun Jeong/The Republic )
Read or Share this story : http : //azc.cc/1S1szYo
Unfortunate newspaper headlines , collected by Robert Goralski for Press Follies , 1983 :
TOWN OKS ANIMAL RULE ( Asheville Citizen )
TRAVIS MAN DIES AFTER ALTERATION ( Sacramento Bee )
INDIAN OCEAN TALKS ( The Plain Dealer )
JUVENILE COURT TO TRY SHOOTING DEFENDANT ( Deseret News )
TRAIN ROLLS 0 MILES WITH NO ONE ABOARD ( New York Times )
LAWMEN FROM MEXICO BARBECUE GUESTS ( San Benito [ Texas ] News )
FLIES TO RECEIVE NOBEL PRIZE ( New York Times )
CARTER TICKS OFF BLACK HELP ( San Francisco Examiner )
MAULING BY BEAR LEAVES WOMAN GRATEFUL FOR LIFE ( Herald-Dispatch , Huntington , W.Va . )
SILENT TEAMSTER GETS CRUEL PUNISHMENT : LAWYER ( The Home News , Brunswick , N.J . )
MANCHESTER MAN BURSTS , HALTS TRAFFIC ( Hartford Times )
SKELETON TIED TO MISSING DIPLOMAT ( Philadelphia Evening Bulletin )
POET DOES N'T WANT AUDIENCE OF ILLERATES ( Raleigh Times )
GLASS EYE IS NO HELP IN IDENTIFYING CORPSE ( Deseret News )
FORMER MAN DIES IN CALIFORNIA ( Freemont County [ Calif. ] Chronicle News )
MATH IMPROVEMENT INDICATES LEARNING IS TIED TO TEACHING ( New York Times )
PAIR CHARGED WITH BATTERY ( Denver Post )
TUNA RECALLED AFTER DEATH ( Chicago Daily News )
TWO CONVICTS EVADE NOOSE ; JURY HUNG ( Oakland Tribune )
JERK INJURES NECK , WINS AWARD ( Buffalo News )
TEACHERS ' HEAD GOES OFF TO JAIL ( Sarasota Herald-Tribune )
SIX SENTENCED TO LIFE IN CLARKSVILLE ( Nashville Banner )
POPE LAUNCHES TALKS TO END LONG DIVISION ( Pomono Progress Bulletin )
A GRATEFUL NATION BURIES SAM RAYBURN ( New York Herald Tribune )
SHOUTING MATCH ENDS TEACHER 'S HEARING ( Newsday )
DOCTOR TESTIFIES IN HORSE SUIT ( Waterbury Republican )
Some are inspired : When the New York Times reported that a mansion-hunting Aristotle Onassis had visited Buster Keaton 's former estate , it chose the headline ARISTOTLE CONTEMPLATING THE HOME OF BUSTER .
From Pezula , all around the Knysna lagoon to Brenton-on-Sea , homes have been destroyed . IVO VEGTER spent eight hours on the roads of Knysna . This is what they saw .
By noon on Wednesday 7 June 2017 , it was clear that Knysna was in trouble . Raging forest fires in dozens of locations were being fanned westward by the gale-force winds . No rain was in the forecast until Thursday morning . When it did come , it would prove to be too little , and far too late .
The N2 highway in and out of Knysna was closed in both directions because of downed trees , utility poles , and fires that were out of control . Fire-fighting teams valiantly tried to contain the fires , but in many places were overwhelmed by the combination of drought-stricken vegetation , high winds , and lack of water .
From the west , the town began evacuating . The rural areas along the Rheenendal Road were first . Then Belvidere , Brenton-on-Lake and Brenton-on-Sea were entirely cut off by road , as the fire raced across the Western Head from end to end . Residents there were evacuated by the NSRI and volunteers who braved the violent waters of the Knysna estuary in the gale .
Later , it was the turn of suburbs around Eastford and Knysna Heights to evacuate , and the northern half of the Central Business District followed soon after . The entire town was enveloped in a thick pall of smoke and ash , which made it hard to breathe and made the eyes water . The Knysna High School hostel was on fire , and the Knysna Provincial Hospital was evacuated to the Knysna Life Private Hospital .
Friends from the western side of town arrived at our house in Old Place , towards the east of town , by 6pm . They did n't know whether they 'd have a home to go back to . Only a few short hours later , the SAPS vehicles with megaphones ordered us out , too , and we joined the throngs of thousands of refugees : four adults , two children , three dogs , a cat and two hamsters . One of the hamsters did n't make it , probably due to the acrid smoke in the air . As we left with a car full of valuables , emergency supplies , and pets , the approaching fire was ominously visible .
A raging inferno was headed for our house .
The roads were chock-a-block with traffic heading towards the water . We were able to flee to an empty holiday house on Leisure Isle , thanks to my partner 's job as a rentals agent . Most people were n't so lucky , and had to spend the night in one of several evacuation centres in community halls , churches , and the local sports stadium . Many took shelter in their cars , parked by the side of the road near the water .
Relief efforts were rapidly organised via social media . WhatsApp and Facebook groups co-ordinated streams of information , offers of help , evacuation notices , and distress calls . These became all the more important , to residents and officials alike , when the fire cut the town 's power and telephone lines . Among the reports were eyewitness accounts of deliberate arson . Theft and looting had started in various areas .
A town in total darkness , save for the glow of wildfires all around it , is a terrifying place to be . Under the circumstances , cut off from outside help , the municipality , emergency services and the many residents who volunteered did an exemplary job of saving what could be saved .
But many people watched their homes burn down . There was nothing anyone could do to stop the raging fires . The only option was to get as many people out alive as possible . Four people did n't make it , and lost their lives to the fires . Many pets did n't make it either .
By the dawn , although the worst seemed to be over , some fires were still raging .
Our group was lucky . Both our houses were still there in the morning . Many other Knysna residents – many of whom we counted as friends – were not so lucky , however . Some 200 homes and other buildings had burnt down .
A survey of the damage around town brought home the enormity of the disaster . Smog was still hanging heavily over Knysna .
We expected to see devastation on a drive through the townships , on the hills above the town , but to our surprise and relief we could not see much evidence of damage . The fires , vicious and fast-moving though they were , raged mostly through the wealthier suburbs of Knysna .
One of the worst-hit areas was Knysna Heights . In many spots , half a dozen or more burnt-out ruins could be seen at once .
Young families lost everything they had .
The blood-red sun rose menacingly over the smouldering hills .
The well-known landmark known as ‘ The Doll House ' was now a spooky ruin .
Dave McRae , marketing manager at the Knysna Elephant Park , raced home to save their valuables , but was thwarted by a tree that had fallen across the road . By the time helpful locals had cut the tree away , it was too late . Five years ago , they had lost their wife to aggressive cancer . “ First my wife , now this . I must have been a very bad person in a previous life , ” they mused , surveying the remains of their home .
In places , Knysna looked like a war zone .
Expensive vehicles were destroyed in their garages .
A couple who had planned to move back to their home in Pezula Golf Estate at the end of July now have to walk in to this .
Along the coast north of The Heads , coastal forests were still smouldering , threatening flare-ups that could endanger more , forest , wildlife and luxury homes .
Not far from where we live , in the quiet middle-class suburb of Old Place , we found this house . Neighbours told me the owner had recently built it with their own hands .
This must have been their living room .
Many guest houses and holiday homes offered accommodation to displaced residents , but some were themselves claimed by the fire . Along the N2 , where it snakes around the lagoon , lies what remains of The Idle Monkey B & B .
A little further along , the Greenfire Lodge was completely burnt out .
Only the frames of tables and chairs remain in the bar of the famous Knysna Hollow Lodge , along the road to Eastford .
The guest rooms were entirely destroyed .
Near the church in Old Belvidere , this once-charming house was gutted .
Brenton-on-Sea did not escape the destruction either .
After a day of driving around town , surveying the terrible toll the fires took , the sun was dipping towards the west . The weather had cleared , which allowed fire-fighting helicopters to take off for the first time , but that also meant there would be no more rain . Some of the smoky palls were getting thicker again . The realisation that it might not be all over weighed heavily on us on the drive home .
The Knysna Municipality has established an emergency fund for victims of the Knysna fires . If you 're able , please donate to Nedbank , Emergency Fund , account number 1147920699 , referencing KnysnaFire . The branch code is 198765 . DM
All photographs by Ivo Vegter .
Are You A South AfriCAN or a South AfriCA N'T ?
Maverick Insider is more than a reader revenue scheme . While not quite a `` state of mind '' , it is a mindset : it 's about believing that independent journalism makes a genuine difference to our country and it 's about having the will to support that endeavour .
From the # GuptaLeaks into State Capture to the Scorpio exposés into SARS , Daily Maverick investigations have made an enormous impact on South Africa and it 's political landscape . As we enter an election year , our mission to Defend Truth has never been more important . A free press is one of the essential lines of defence against election fraud ; without it , national polls can turn very nasty , very quickly as we have seen recently in the Congo .
If you would like a practical , tangible way to make a difference in South Africa consider signing up to become a Maverick Insider . You choose how much to contribute and how often ( monthly or annually ) and in exchange , you will receive a host of awesome benefits . The greatest benefit of all ( besides inner peace ) ? Making a real difference to a country that needs your support .
Ivo Vegter Follow Save More
Comments
Please or create an account to view the comments . To join the conversation , sign up as a Maverick Insider .
Samsung has delayed shipments of its latest flagship smartphone , the Galaxy Note 7 , as it conducts additional quality control testing .
Local news agency Yonhap reported that deliveries from the Korean electronics firm to three of South Korea 's mobile phone networks , SK Telecom , KT and LG Uplus , which began at the beginning of this week , were halted unexpectedly .
A Samsung spokesperson told Reuters : “ Shipments of the Galaxy Note 7 are being delayed due to additional tests being conducted for product quality . ”
There have been several unconfirmed local reports of users claiming that the battery of the Galaxy Note 7 exploded during charging . Samsung did not elaborate on what further testing was required and to where shipments of the high-priced phablet were being delayed .
The Galaxy Note 7 is the first Samsung smartphone to have a USB-C connector . The new connector brings with it a new charging standard to which some third-party cables have been found to be non-compliant , causing damage to devices from laptops to smartphones using the new port . Amazon recentlyclamped down on the non-compliant and dangerous cables .
Quality-control problems delaying the release of the latest Samsung flagship phablet could be a major blow for the world 's largest smartphone manufacturer . Its recent sales saw it capture more market share and return to solid profits , but high sales of the Note 7 along with the Galaxy S7 line are required to maintain momentum in the second half of the year .
The company has previously said that demand for the Note 7 , which marks the first return to Europe for the phablet line since 2014 's Note 4 , has far outstripped supply , forcing the launch of the smartphone to be pushed back in some markets .
Production problems for the curved-screen Galaxy S6 Edge last year resulted in poorer than expected sales in some regions . Samsung will be hoping to avoid a repeat of the problems with the Note 7 , which has garnered favourable reviews and is expected to sell double that of previous versions .
CLOSE Citing global economic weakness and financial market turmoil , the Federal Reserve agreed Thursday to keep its benchmark interest rate near zero despite the rapidly improving U.S. labor market . Kaja Whitehouse for USA TODAY . USA TODAY
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen led a pivotal Fed meeting Wednesday and Thursday . ( Photo : Susan Walsh , AP )
WASHINGTON -- Not yet .
Citing global economic weakness and financial market turmoil , the Federal Reserve agreed Thursday to keep its benchmark interest rate near zero despite the rapidly improving U.S. labor market .
But Fed policymakers ' forecast indicates they still expect to bump up the federal funds rate this year for the first time in nearly a decade , with meetings scheduled for October and December . Their projections , however , show they expect to raise it even more gradually over the long-term than they previously signaled .
Richmond Fed chief Jeffrey Lacker was the lone dissenter .
The decision capped the most dramatic run-up to a Fed meeting in recent memory , with economists split on whether the central bank would raise its key rate , which has been near zero since the 2008 financial crisis and affects borrowing costs for consumers and businesses across the economy .
`` An argument can be made for a rise in interest rates at this time , '' Fed Chair Janet Yellen said at a news conference.But they added , `` We want to take more time to evaluate the likely impact on the United States '' from the overseas slowdown and market gyrations .
CLOSE Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen detailed the factors around the choice to not raise the benchmark interest rate . For now , at least , annual inflation remains well below the Fed 's 2 % target .
They said Fed policymakers also want to see if further improvement in the labor market `` will bolster our confidence that inflation will move back '' to the Fed 's annual 2 % target over the medium term ..
In a statement after a two-day meeting , the Fed said , `` Recent global economic and financial developments may restrain economic activity somewhat and are likely to put further downward pressure on inflation in the near-term . ''
Fed policymakers now expect just one rate hike this year that would push the funds rate to 0.375 % from the current 0.125 % , according to their median forecast . They also expect a slower rise that would leave the rate at 2.625 % by the end of 2017 and a longer-run normal rate of 3.5 % , down from their previous estimate of 3.75 % .
The central bank said `` the labor market continued to improve , with solid job gains and declining unemployment . '' It said consumer spending and business investment have advanced moderately while the housing market `` has improved further . '' But amid the overseas troubles , it said exports have been `` soft . ''
With the U.S. economy rebounding more strongly in the second quarter after a slowdown early in the year , the Fed raised its median forecast for economic growth this year to 2.1 % from 1.9 % in June . But after the recent global and market troubles , it lowered its projection for 2016 to 2.3 % from 2.5 % in June .
And with the 5.1 % unemployment rate already below the Fed 's previous year-end forecast , it now expects the jobless rate to be 4.8 % by the end of 2016 , below its June forecast of 5.1 % .
Yet the central bank also expects a more modest rise in inflation , providing it more leeway to nudge up rates gently . It slightly lowered its inflation forecast to 1.7 % in 2016 and 1.9 % in 2017 , leaving it below its 2 % annual target even in two years .
Supporting the case for a Fed move was a 5.1 % unemployment rate that 's already at the central bank 's long-run target , average monthly job gains of 212,000 this year and healthy economic growth of 3.7 % at an annual rate in the second quarter . `` The economy has been performing well and we expect it to continue to do so , '' Yellen said .
Waiting too long to act might force the Fed to hoist rates more rapidly when currently meager inflation eventually heats up , a move that could destabilize markets . Yellen said that could be `` disruptive to the real economy . '' `` I do n't think it 's good policy to have to slam on the brakes , '' they said
Yellen said they continue to expect tepid inflation to pick up as low oil prices and a strong dollar stabilize , but they said it will take `` a bit more time '' for those effects to dissipate.Some economists say the 5.1 % unemployment rate already heralds a coming surge in wages and prices as employers compete for fewer available workers .
But annual pay growth has been stuck near a sluggish 2 % pace , possibly reflecting an excess labor supply that includes part-time workers who prefer full-time jobs and discouraged Americans resuming job searches after years on the sidelines . If that 's the case , the Fed may want to keep rates low longer to stimulate the economy so more of those workers can find full-time jobs .
Yellen told reporters the unemployment rate likely `` understates the degree of slack in the labor market . ''
Meanwhile , recent news of China 's economic slowdown , and the resulting turmoil in global and U.S. stocks , prompted Fed officials to temper expectations for a rate hike this week .
`` The outlook abroad appears to have become more uncertain of late and heightened concerns about growth in China and other emerging market economies have led to notable volatility in financial markets , '' Yellen said .
They added , `` We do n't want to respond to market turbulence , '' but the volatility is prompting the Fed to investigate its cause in the global economy.While U.S. exports to China comprise less than 1 % of the nation 's gross domestic product , Chinese trade with other countries could have stronger ripple effects on the U.S. economy .
Before the release of the Fed 's statement to reporters , a coalition of worker advocacy groups called Fed Up gathered outside holding signs such as , `` Whose recovery ? '' and chanting , `` Do n't raise the interest rates ! ''
`` The Fed should not make a decision to slow down the economy without hearing from the people it will affect , '' said Ady Barkan , the head of the group .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1iSnjJT
Nine movies and 16 years into its run , Fox 's X-Men movie franchise has built up an impressively complicated history that includes two versions each of multiple recurring characters , a time-travel do-over that may or may not have rewritten parts of what happened in earlier movies and a timeline that means that its leading characters are somewhere in the region of 70 years old or so . With X-Men : Apocalypse leaving many critics cold , is it time to reboot the entire universe ?
At this point in their existence , the X-Men movies have become a confusing mess for anyone trying to step into the series cold : The first three movies took place in the present day , then everything else takes place in the past , except for The Wolverine and Deadpool , the former of which ends with a cliffhanger that kind of leads into X-Men : Days of Future Past , except not really , and the latter seems to maybe exist in an entirely different reality . And how does the Cyclops in X-Men Origins : Wolverine connect to the one in X-Men : Apocalypse or the original trilogy ? Perhaps it 's better to not think about things too much for fear of causing a headache .
There is some level of cohesion in individual trilogies — X-Men , X2 : X-Men United and X-Men : The Last Stand work together , as do X-Men : First Class , X-Men : Days of Future Past and X-Men : Apocalypse — but when viewed as a whole , things get significantly more complicated and contradictory : Have the 30-something heroes in the original X-Men movie really been around since the 1980s , when they were teenagers ? More to that matter , have the 30-something heroes in Apocalypse really been around since the 1960s , when they also seemed to be around 30 or so ? How does the Angel in X-Men : The Last Stand co-exist with the one in X-Men : Apocalypse ? What about the two Nightcrawlers ?
Beyond simple continuity concerns , there are two other big reasons to consider a reboot . Firstly , the aesthetic of the movies remains curiously set from the original film from 16 years ago — either `` civilian '' clothes , or costumes with colors that are muted at best , both of which feel particularly out of step with the contemporary cinematic trends as dominated by the Marvel Studios movies . A reboot offers the fastest and most straightforward way to significantly overhaul the visual aesthetic of the series and bring it closer to what audiences are used to seeing , both in terms of other superhero movies and also , notably , the X-Men comics themselves .
Secondly , a reboot would allow the series to re-center and refocus itself , allowing it to break its bad habits and plan for the future . Let 's be honest , if there 's one problem that the X-Men movies have , it 's that they 're going to be about one of three people : Wolverine , Charles Xavier or Magneto . Sure , there 'll be an external threat and some other characters as window dressing , but with only one exception to date ( Deadpool , which technically is n't even an X-Men movie considering they even deny he 's an X-Man in it ) , the pics will have at least one of those characters dominating events , and likely at least a cameo from another .
In itself , this would be fine — repetitive , sure , but it 's not like Marvel does n't have a similar Iron Man problem — but the thing is , the strength of the X-Men comic book franchise is that it 's filled with fascinating and unique characters who , importantly , each get their own time in the spotlight . ( Also important , and nowhere near reflected enough in the movies , is the percentage of fan-favorite women in the franchise ; there 's more than just Mystique , Jean Grey and Storm , producers . ) A film franchise that reflected the variety of characters on show in the comics would be a stronger franchise , undoubtedly .
That 's also true in terms of narratives . It 's true that the X-Men movies play around with genre somewhat — Days of Future Past is more of a sci-fi tale than , say , The Last Stand — but once upon a time , the comic books were famous for their genuinely bold diversity . Traditional superheroics would be interrupted by fairy tales , trips into space to fight aliens , magical alternate realities that put everyone in Dungeons and Dragons costumes , and so on . That kind of thing is , of course , easier to do in a monthly ongoing series than a movie franchise that updates every couple of years , and yet … there 's no suggestion that the current incarnation of the X-Men movie franchise would even be interested in going in that direction . A reboot would offer the chance to mix things up .
The trouble is , there 's no impetus for Fox to reboot the series right now . Apocalypse looks set to be a success , if not a Captain America : Civil War-scale monolith , and spinoffs like Deadpool , The Wolverine and the in-progress New Mutants are suggesting that the property is doing just fine , thank you very much .
Arguably , the studio has missed its chance to reboot , as well ; 2014 's Days of Future Past reset the series ' timeline , which was the best opportunity to have its cake and eat it ; as in 2009 's Star Trek , that could have created a wholly blank slate for future releases . Instead , the climax reaffirmed the cast of the original movie once again .
The future of the X-Men movies , then , more than likely looks a lot like its past — only undoubtedly more confusing , as contradictions pile up and the series strains to find new ways to center stories around the same characters over and over again . The fact that a movie series based on mutants who are the next step in evolution seems so reluctant to evolve itself is , at least , as ironic as it can be frustrating .
This is going to be a fairly long post but I want to be had detailed has I can in order for this to be helpful .
After a reddit conversation I promised to write down basically the info I know in particular about working remotely in Puerto Rico . Not this does not involve creating a new business but offering a service .
Good professions to do remotely from the island :
Programming – It starts around 50k and it can go up for much has low 6 figures while doing 9-5 to remote work . Progressing here will depend on the problems that you can solve and if you are in a desirable area of work . This change with time . Right now if you are getting into this I would recommend the mean stack , python or unity . DevOps / Db Admin – about the same has programming with that said it tends to start about 10k lower . Copywriting – Freelancing copywriting can make from 20k – 50k . Getting up in this field requires a bit of luck since you need to be able to attach your name to some lines that became famous . Translations – If you are able to translate and are good in both languages there are always opportunities here . Full time translation makes about 30k using the normal websites ( list is below ) . Grant Writing – All nonprofits need you at the lowest tier you work for a fee of grants that you get . At the top end you get a salary assigned to you from the non profit . Is normal to get between 30k –50k . Stock Photography / Videography – 30k to 40k if done full time going above this will require you to specialize . The equipment needed is pretty decently cheap and if bought used it goes down even more . http : //www.all-things-photography.com/stock-photography-equipment/
One important thing here is that this will take time when you start you wo n't make that much but has you go building a portfolio it starts adding up . They tend to have a long tail . I recommend dreams time to start . Creating courses for online / Bookwriting – There are many places where you can sell classes right now If you have an unique skill and you can market yourself this is a good gig . It all depends on your ability to create and online following . 3d modeling – Freelance 3d modelers get hired pretty often and can get paid between 30-50k anything higher than that is similar to the copywriter needs some projects with fame . Photography Retouching / Video editing – Freelancing here makes about the same has 3d modeling . Is similar in the ways to increase your earning potentials . Import items and sell them using fulfillers – This will depend on what you do but running a subscription box or a niche website using shopify and selling a few items can leave a decent amount of money . This requires money to start and knowledge of marketing . The trick is to use a fulfillment house in the US so the product never goes into Puerto Rico . You are basically and orchestrator .
Have you can see this are all professions that can be done from home in a disconnected sort of fashion .
How to get the jobs
Create proof of your work and a online presence . Go answer some questions in quora so people can tell that you know what you are doing . Hit the freelancer sites – they got most of the categories above . Make sure that you polish your responses to get money and get the premium subscription . I recommend trying at most 2 at a time so you can dedicate time . Pre-baking a portfolio helps .
http : //www.freshbooks.com/blog/freelance-jobs/ For stock video and photography http : //www.videobrewery.com/blog/9-splendid-sites-for-stock-video http : //microstockinsider.com/site_reviews Create call lists and hit the phone . For example for programming make a list of startups incubators and co-working spaces . Make sure that they all know that your services are there and that you can find more people in the island if there is a need . Join the community of new business and startups in the island . Startups after hours in facebook is super active . Visit Piloto 151 so they know your face even if you have to drive from the west coast . http : //www.fuerzapymepr.com/ Make sure you are in the appropriate sites for search . ( looking and posting your services offered ) . Craiglist – Post on the ones in the states . Reddit – hit r/forhire . Clasificados.com – You want the local gigs if you can . http : //www.startupsofpuertorico.com/jobs/ – > Pretty self explanatory . https : //github.com/kaizensoze/remote-freelance-jobs Build events for the community related to your area when you can . If no one in aguadilla is talking about freelancers and what can they do nobody will think of you . Even if is just a coffee talk for microstock photography .
What is the end goal .
Build relationships you want to get gigs that lead to sustainable gigs things that you can keep doing . Retainers are amazing in this situation .
Last but important details .
Make sure you have money to cover your bills for 4 months soon has possible . In the case of Puerto Rico make sure that you also have enough money in case you need to suddenly relocate back to the US or wherever you moved from .
Really important make sure that you have talked to a lawyer and accountant before you make decent money there are a lot of benefits you can take .
Getty Images
Veteran defensive end Jeremy Mincey sat next to Greg Hardy in the Cowboys locker room , so he 's not going to just come out and trash their neighbor .
Even while trashing their neighbor .
During an interview with KDFW 4 in Dallas , Mincey began by saying they found Hardy to be “ misunderstood , ” but then laid out a pretty convincing case why the free agent defensive end probably should n't return .
“ I have to deal with him , and being that you have to deal with him , I grew accustomed to a misunderstood person and I got to know them a little better than a lot of people here , ” Mincey began , via the Dallas Morning News . “ It was tough . It was tough . You know , you got this guy , who you want to be a leader , and then you got that guy . It was just too much . ”
They were then asked about the tension in the locker room Hardy created , following reports that many players soured on Hardy because they were perpetually tardy to meetings and never really punished .
“ Yeah it grew . It grew . It definitely grew , ” Mincey said . “ I hate it happened — you talk about a team that was so close knit and tight and all of a sudden it was just different . I would n't say that he 's the reason for that happening , but sometimes change , sometimes if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . You know what I mean ? And sometimes with change , the team is different .
“ Regardless of how great this athlete is and regardless of this and that , if they 're not mentally on the same page , you 're not going to get the same results . ”
Then asked if it would be difficult to bring Hardy back after their one-year redemption tour did n't go as planned ( he offered just 6.0 sacks , and 1.5 in the last six games for their $ 8.8 million ) and have that locker room be cohesive again , Mincey agreed .
“ Yeah , it will be — I think it will be good for the younger guys , which I do n't know how they feel about them personally , I mean I have n't spoken to them or asked , ” they said . “ It would be me or him , you see what I 'm saying ? It would be either or . It 's hard to have two type of line mentality guys in one room , so it 's tough to figure out who the younger guys are going to follow . Of course they 're going to look up to a go who 's a prolific player . But I just understand the game , and I know what it takes to win . ”
Mincey has some self-preservation stake in this game , since he 's a free agent this offseason also . So positioning themselves as the anti-Hardy in terms of leadership might actually be a really pragmatic play on their part .
But regardless their own situation , the more people talk about the impact Hardy had in Dallas this year , the less likely it seems the Cowboys will want to bring them back , after so much big talk early in the process .
Four students exposed raw feelings about race and immigration in a Morgan Hill high school this week when they made the provocative choice to wear shirts and shorts bearing the stars and stripes of the American flag to school on Cinco de Mayo .
Now their actions — which an assistant principal at Live Oak High School labeled “ incendiary ” — are spilling across the small town 's borders , igniting a national debate on cable television 's 24-hour talkfest .
Wednesday , as the school 's Latino pupils — nearly 40 percent of the Live Oak student body — were celebrating the Mexican army 's victory against France in 1862 , many wearing Mexico 's colors of red , white and green , the boys showed up dressed in the American flag . Assistant Principal Miguel Rodriguez told them to wear the clothes inside out or go home . At least two of the boys left campus because they found the other option to be “ disrespectful ” to the flag , and the others remained in school without changing , their parents said .
Rodriguez could not be reached for comment — the school referred all calls to the district office — but parents said they indicated to them that they were concerned about the boys ' safety . The Morgan Hill Unified School District later said what happened was “ extremely unfortunate ” and that there is no ban on “ patriotic ” clothing . The new immigration law in Arizona , giving police broad power to detain anyone suspected of being in the United States illegally , formed the backdrop for the school drama .
“ We 're happy about Arizona 's law , and you bet we 're fired up , ” said Julie Fagerstrom , whose son , Dominic Maciel , wore one of the shirts . Dominic 's father , who is no longer in their son 's life , Fagerstrom said , is a first-generation Mexican-American .
But the boys ' action riled a number of the those who had celebrated Cinco de Mayo .
By Thursday morning , Mexican-American students began texting each other in class , and soon as many as 100 of them were standing in front of the school . A few minutes later they were marching down the road to Morgan Hill 's city hall . “ When we were marching , they would pass in their trucks and were flipping us off , ” said Gerardo Cabralas , a junior , referring to some non-Latino classmates . “ And to be honest , sometimes we flipped them back . ”
A group of about a dozen Latino students expressed their dismay Thursday directly to the school 's white students — particularly the boys who wore the flag clothing . “ We respect them on Fourth of July , ” said sophomore Biana Coreas . “ We do n't go with our Mexican flags waving it up that day , so why ca n't they respect us too ? ”
The struggle for respect went on most of the day Thursday , and no one was certain when it would end .
“ School was pretty crazy today , ” Dominic told the Mercury News . “ I do n't think I 'm a villain ; I was just representing my country . But I do n't know if I would do this again . People took our message the wrong way . We were n't trying to start anything at all . ”
They said they ca n't remember whose idea it was to wear the garb and when the decision was made . Another boy — Matthew Dariano — also has some Mexican heritage , Fagerstrom said . The other two , Daniel Galli and Austin Carvalho , do not . “ These are really great kids , ” Fagerstrom said . “ They wear American flag clothes all the time . For the Fourth of July , for Memorial Day . They want to show their patriotism . ”
Diana Dariano , whose son Matthew wore a U.S. Constitution T-shirt , acknowledged that the friends wore the clothes to make a point : They love their country and believe in legal immigration .
“ They heard that the Mexican kids were going to wear their colors so they wanted to wear the colors of the American flag , ” they said . “ You can never tell someone in this country not to wear the American flag . It 's America ! ”
Just as the school 's administrators declined to punish the flag wearers , the Latino students said they had not suffered any disciplinary consequences for their march .
One free-speech expert said the boys should have been able to wear their country 's colors to school .
“ In the 1960s , students expressed themselves by desecrating the flag , ” said Peter Scheer , executive director with the First Amendment Coalition in San Rafael . “ Flash 50 years ahead and the students are now demonstrating with the flag to show their patriotism . The same laws that protected the burning of the flag also protect wearing it . ”
That was n't the only symbolic protest on Cinco de Mayo . About 20 students showed up at Pioneer High School wearing “ Border Patrol ” T-shirts . By the end of the day , administrators asked them to remove the shirts , which they apparently did with no problems , according to Karen Fuqua , spokesperson for the San Jose Unified School District .
But Scheer , while defending the rights of the boys , also said there are times when a school principal can regulate students ' dress .
“ If the principal believes there will be a riot , then they can ban the shirts , ” Scheer said . “ But if they think students are just going to be angry , it 's not good enough . ”
Fagerstrom said the parents met with an assistant superintendent Wednesday evening who wanted to hear all the sides . At an earlier meeting , Principal Nick Boden and Rodriguez indicated to them that they were worried about the safety of the American-flag boys . “ They said they heard from some students there was going to be some drama , ” Fagerstrom said .
District Superintendent Wesley Smith issued a statement Thursday : “ The Morgan Hill Unified School District does not prohibit nor do we discourage wearing patriotic clothing . The incident on May 5 at Live Oak High School is extremely unfortunate . While campus safety is our primary concern and administrators made decisions yesterday in an attempt to ensure campus safety , students should not , and will not , be disciplined for wearing patriotic clothing . This matter is under investigation and appropriate action will be taken . ”
Meanwhile , the school 's junior-senior prom is Saturday . “ I 'm kind of nervous about it , ” said senior Marina Schlaefli . “ I 'd rather this whole thing had never happened . It 's making our school look bad , and it 's not a bad school . ”
Contact Lisa Fernandez at lfernandez @ mercurynews.com .
document.write ( ‘ div.forum_v2_main_title , div.forum_v2_main_table_container , div.forum_v2_pagecontent , div.forum_v2_comment_container { display : none ; border : none } ' ) ;
I just found out that AMD 's Eric Demers ( Corporate VP & CTO , Graphics Division ) is leaving the company at the end of this week . He 's not going to Intel or NVIDIA but I suspect that someone of Eric 's talents will remain in the industry . I just had dinner with Eric a couple of weeks ago and they seemed very positive on AMD 's roadmap going forward . Given how important the GPU is becoming in this ever expanding industry , someone like Eric is in very high demand .
We now have an official statement from AMD :
Eric Demers , AMD Corporate Vice President and CTO , Graphics Business Unit , has decided leave AMD to pursue other opportunities .
AMD Chief Technology Officer Mark Papermaster will assume interim responsibility for the Graphics Business Unit CTO role until a replacement is found .
AMD remains fully committed to our critical graphics IP development and discrete GPU products . We have a tremendous depth of talent in our organization , a game plan that is resonating with our customers and our team , and we are continuing to bring graphics-performance-leading products to market . We will attract the right technology leader for this role .
We thank Eric for their contributions to the business and wish them well in their future endeavors .
A crowd enjoys the entertainment at the Twizel Salmon & Wine Festival in 2014 .
Word is spreading about Twizel 's annual salmon festival , attracting interest from further afield , its organiser says .
Jared Griffith said the Twizel Salmon and Wine Festival , a community-focused event , promised to be bigger and better than previous years .
Around 2000 people were expected at the festival being held on January 16 , they said .
`` There will be a variety of local food and beverages on offer . Various local groups also have the opportunity to hold fundraising activities , with proceeds raised going back into the local community . ''
To date around 30 stalls were signed up for the festival .
`` There will be beer , wine and food stalls mostly from the Mackenzie basin , '' they said .
`` We have got all three salmon farms . Mt Cook Alpine , High Country and Aoraki Salmon farms will all have a stall . ''
A `` whole bunch '' of wineries including one from Cromwell would be at the festival .
`` Central Otago 's Kalex Wines have a stall at the festival . It just goes to show the word is spreading and people from further afield are getting interested . ''
Three bands - Big Picnic , Alice Bought Us This , and Last Mango in Tarras - were lined up to entertain people through the day .
For those interested in competing there will be a BBQ salmon sizzle competition .
`` This is where teams of up to four contestants battle to create the best salmon dish as chosen by our team of local expert chefs . ''
Entry to the festival costs $ 15 , which includes a free festival glass or bottle of water .
`` There is no fee for under-16s accompanied by family . ''
The festival goes from 12pm to 5pm at the Market Place in Twizel on January 16 .
Greg Walker grew up in Douglas , Ga. , a rural community of about 11,500 people in the deep southern portion of the state . Douglas is the hometown of Jennifer Nettles of the county music duo Sugarland . Bobby Bowden did an early coaching stint in the city at South Georgia College , and James Brown worked briefly at a local sawmill before graduating to bigger things as the Godfather of Soul .
Greg Walker is set to begin their first season as the Braves ' hitting coach after serving in the same capacity for the White Sox since 2003 . Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
As a child of the '60s , Walker was a die-hard Atlanta Braves fan , and a Hank Aaron fan in particular . So it was quite a thrill when they pulled into the Turner Field parking lot recently and saw Hammerin ' Hank , now a senior vice president with the team , getting out of their car .
`` I 've been in baseball for 30 years and never had the opportunity to meet him , '' Walker said , `` so I went over and introduced myself . That was pretty cool . ''
So much for the job perks . Walker has since graduated from star-gazing to bull sessions in the cage with Jason Heyward , winter caravan trips to Tennessee and the quest for some tangible results in a new role .
The Braves disdained a 25-man roster makeover this winter despite an 8-18 finish that left them a game short of the playoffs . Pitcher Jair Jurrjens and outfielder Martin Prado , both the focus of offseason trade rumors , will be on hand for spring training at the Disney complex in Orlando . Derek Lowe has departed for Cleveland and Alex Gonzalez signed with Milwaukee , leaving rookie Tyler Pastornicky as the new starting shortstop . He 's backed up by Jack Wilson , the team 's big-ticket free-agent acquisition on a one-year , $ 1 million deal .
General manager Frank Wren , while hamstrung by payroll constraints , is betting that the returning talent from the 2011 roster is good enough for the Braves to improve upon their total of 641 runs scored -- 10th-best in the league . Chances are Dan Uggla wo n't hit .185 in the first half again , nor will Brian McCann , who tried to come back too soon from an oblique injury , bat .203 after the break . The Braves also have reason to expect more from Prado , who missed several weeks with a staph infection and was ineffectual in August and September .
But the Atlanta hitters might need a push in the right direction . Toward that end , the Braves fired hitting coach Larry Parrish in September and replaced them with Walker , who was suddenly available after resigning as Chicago White Sox hitting instructor .
Coaches , like players , can benefit from a change of scenery , and Walker , a White Sox guy to the core , is about to find out whether that 's the case . They broke into the majors with the Sox under manager Tony La Russa in 1982 and played 841 games in a Chicago uniform before a 14-game cameo with Baltimore in 1990 . Walker began their big league coaching tenure with the Sox in 2003 and spent nine seasons working under Jerry Manuel and Ozzie Guillen .
Paul Konerko , A.J . Pierzynski and numerous other Chicago hitters swore by Walker as a teacher and mentor . `` He 's gotten me to places as a hitter and a player that I would have never gotten to without him , '' Konerko told reporters upon Walker 's departure from Chicago . `` I trust them with every inch of my swing . ''
But the 2011 season was challenging for a lot of people in Chicago . Gordon Beckham and Alex Rios were disappointing , Adam Dunn was a .159-caliber disaster , and Walker inevitably became a target for blame . They clashed with general manager Kenny Williams , and their relationship bottomed out with a shouting match in September . According to one baseball insider who 's familiar with the situation , the two men `` are not on each other 's Christmas card list . ''
Walker was extremely loyal to White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf . But as the season progressed , they assessed the situation and determined that their time in Chicago had run its course . They would have been gone anyway when Guillen left for Miami , but they made it official in late September by announcing their resignation .
`` Looking back , I have my own feelings about what happened there . But the bottom line is you just have to cut the cord and move on , '' Walker said . `` I have a lot of good friends back in Chicago that I 'm wishing nothing but the best . They 're dear friends that I care about , and always will . But professionally it was time for me to move on . I knew it . ''
'Fixing ' Heyward
Walker has pronounced themselves `` re-energized '' by the move to Atlanta , but they also face some new and distinct challenges . The day after the Braves hired him , the Macon Telegraph ran the headline `` Walker will have to fix Heyward . '' That salvage job could go a long way toward determining where the Braves finish in the NL East in 2012 .
Heyward 's travails have been well-documented . After posting an .849 OPS and finishing second to Buster Posey in the 2010 rookie of the year balloting , Heyward hurt their shoulder , messed up their swing while making some mechanical adjustments and had their fortitude publicly questioned by Chipper Jones . From all accounts , Heyward never clicked with Parrish , a respected coach who had earned rave reviews for their work with hitters in the Detroit system .
`` Larry is an outstanding baseball man , '' Wren said . `` I 've known them for 25 years and they are really good . But for whatever reason , it was n't a good fit for us . Just because it is n't a fit does n't make them a bad coach or a bad baseball guy . It just did n't work . ''
Jason Heyward had a down year in 2011 , as they hit just .227 with 14 home runs in 128 games . Icon SMI
According to Wren , a `` perfect storm '' of developments led the Braves to Walker . Jim Fregosi , a special assistant to Wren and former White Sox manager , was strongly in Walker 's corner , and the Braves liked Walker 's mix of old-school fundamentals and receptiveness to new-age technology and information . Walker also has an amiable , disarming way with people that the Braves think will resonate with the team 's hitters . No matter how well-conceived the message , it 's meaningless if no one is listening .
`` If you have a strong relationship with a player , you can be brutally honest , '' Wren said . `` If you do n't , you might have to hedge about what the real issues are . Greg has proven that . Players trust them and like him , and that sets up the ability for them to be honest and get the most out of them . ''
Walker , who ranks former Chicago hitting coaches Charley Lau and Walt Hriniak among their main professional influences , is a firm believer in the importance of forging bonds with players before trying to make changes or suggestions . The past few weeks have been an exercise in ground-laying .
In Chicago , most players fled the cold during the winter months . It 's a different story in Atlanta , where many Braves call the city home year-round . In January , Walker held get-acquainted sessions at Turner Field with Heyward , Jones and Freddie Freeman . McCann and Uggla also passed through to take some swings and participate in the dialogue .
The early reports on Heyward are encouraging . He 's dropped about 20 pounds to a reported 235 , and appears to be `` on a mission , '' in Walker 's estimation . Heyward is working on taking a more direct path to the ball to avoid going around pitches and pulling all those weak choppers to the right side . After the first extended failure of their baseball career , they also need to regain their self-confidence . From the coaching staff to Heyward 's fellow players , it 's been a collaborative effort to get them to the right place .
`` Chipper cares about the kid and wants to see them do well , '' Walker said . `` He 's participating in the workouts and giving their input , too . All I can say is everybody who 's seen Jason swing the bat is happy where he 's at right now . ''
Tag-team approach
At Walker 's suggestion , the Braves hired former White Sox and Rangers infielder Scott Fletcher as the team 's new assistant hitting coach . Fletcher will provide a second set of eyes and a complementary voice in the cage , and also do advance scouting via video . The tag-team model has certainly worked well in St. Louis , where Mark McGwire is hitting coach and Mike Aldrete is the team 's de facto `` offensive enhancer . ''
For now , the Braves could stand some continuity in the hitting-coach department . They 've gone from Terry Pendleton to Parrish to Walker since 2010 , and Wren concedes that 's not the optimal arrangement .
Ultimately , most of the scrutiny will fall on Walker . If the numbers fail to improve , Atlanta fans wo n't cut them any slack because he 's a great guy and has an affable demeanor around the batting cage .
`` In the big picture , the hitting coach is a very small piece of the puzzle , '' Walker said . `` But it 's a difficult job with a lot of pressure and media critiquing . Almost anybody who 's played a game of slow-pitch softball thinks they know how the baseball swing works or what somebody is doing wrong . I love it . They 're baseball fans , and that 's what makes baseball special . ''
Walker comes to Atlanta with a thick skin , an appreciation for the organization 's tradition and a foxhole mentality . He 's ready to stick by their `` guys '' through good times and bad , and arrive at the park early and stay late if it means helping someone escape a slump . There 's not a trace of front-runner in him .
Now that the introductions are complete and Walker has broken the ice with the players and shaken hands with the Home Run King , it 's time to head to spring training and get to work . Chicago is in the past , and Atlanta feels a lot like home .
Jerry Crasnick is a senior writer for ESPN.com . Click here to purchase a copy of their book , `` License to Deal , '' published by Rodale . Crasnick can be reached via email .
Follow Jerry Crasnick on Twitter @ jcrasnick .
Steven Avery . Image : Making a Murderer/ IMDb .
A federal judge on Friday overturned the conviction of Brendan Dassey , one of two men serving life sentences for the 2005 murder of 25-year-old Teresa Halbach .
Now , thanks to the new ruling , there could be renewed hope for supporters of Dassey 's uncle Steven Avery , who was also convicted in Halbach 's murder and is currently serving life in prison .
Avery and Dassey were the subjects of Netflix 's “ Making a Murderer , ” an explosive 10-part docuseries that focuses on Halbach 's murder .
After watching the documentary , many felt sympathetic towards Dassey — a learning-impaired 16-year-old who was convicted after an allegedly coerced confession — as well as Avery , who had previously served 18 years for a crime they did not commit before they were exonerated by DNA evidence in 2003 .
Now that Dassey 's conviction has been overturned by
US Magistrate Judge William Duffin , many are now wondering what that means for Avery .
Netflix Steven Avery and Brendan Dassey were sentenced to life in prison for the murder of 25-year-old Teresa Halbach .
Jerry Buting , one of the Avery 's lawyers from “ Making a Murderer , ” recently gave an interview with TODAY 'S TMJ4 in which they explained how Dassey 's ruling could impact Avery 's case .
They argued that Dassey 's allegedly coerced confession affected Avery 's ability to get a fair trial because the prosecutor used it in an early press conference about the case :
“ The state will probably argue that they never used Brendan 's confession in Steven 's case so it should n't matter at all . But they did use Brendan 's so-called confession in the press conference in which [ prosecutor Ken Kratz ] polluted the jury pool state-wide by telling them that this was a true confession when they knew there was no evidence that would support it . “ All the physical evidence disproved it . There was no bloody murder , torture , rape , nothing that happened in that house . They already knew that , and yet they told the pubic otherwise . And they used the confession of Brendan Dassey to pollute the jury so that in Steven 's case , 129 of 130 jury questionnaires that came back — the people that we had to pick a jury from — all but one of them said Steven Avery was guilty before they had heard a shred of evidence in court . So it did have a direct effect on Steven Avery 's ability to get a fair trial . ”
Because they no longer represents Avery , Buting could not say whether or not this will be used in Avery 's appeal . Avery 's appeals lawyer Kathryn Zellner applauded the Dassey ruling and said they expected that their client would also see their conviction overturned .
“ We know when an unbiased court reviews all of the new evidence we have , Steven will have their conviction overturned as well , ” Zellner told The Guardian . On Twitter , Zellner also added [ sic ] : “ Brendan 's opinion shows cops made up crime story . Steven 's will show cops made up crime evidence . ”
Brendan 's opinion shows cops made up crime story . Steven 's will show cops made up crime evidence . @ MakingAMurderer @ Endinsight — Kathleen Zellner ( @ ZellnerLaw ) August 12 , 2016
State prosecutors have 90 days to refile the charges against Dassey , who will remain in prison until a decision is made . The state could appeal Judge Duffin 's opinion , retry Dassey , or else wash their hands of the situation .
Buting hopes they choose not to appeal .
“ I 'm hopeful at this point that the state will finally recognise [ its error ] and choose not to appeal and [ … ] not to retry Brendan Dassey , ” Buting said . “ Nineteen million people watched ‘ Making a Murderer , ' according to some estimates . Many , many more will be watching if they try to retry them and all it 's going to do is embarrass the state and the County of Manitowoc even more than they have already gone through . ”
“ I 'm hopeful that at some point cooler heads with more objectivity will look at this case now and look at this judge 's decision , ” Buting said . “ And then hopefully they will step back and look at it and say , ‘ Enough is enough , a young man 's been in prison for 10 years , let 's dismiss the case and free him . ' ”
Netflix A police officer interviewing Brendan Dassey without their lawyer present .
The state has declined to comment .
“ As we are currently reviewing Magistrate Judge Duffin 's order , we have no comment to offer at this time , ” a spokesperson with the Wisconsin Department of Justice Johnny Koremenos wrote in an email to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel .
Len Kachinsky , a former lawyer for Dassey , told WeAreGreenbay.com there was “ no way in heck ” that the state would not retry Dassey . They also said they were “ surprised ” by Judge Duffin 's ruling .
“ Making a Murderer ” filmmakers Laura Ricciardi and Moira Demos are in the process of creating the follow-up to their groundbreaking docuseries , which took the country by storm at the end of 2015 .
“ Today was a major development for the subjects in our story and this recent news shows the criminal justice system at work , ” Ricciardi and Demos said in a statement . “ As we have done for the past 10 years , we will continue to document the story as it unfolds , and follow it wherever it may lead . ”
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox . Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , and Instagram .
A new bill would give artists performance royalties whenever their songs are played on traditional radio .
Luke Bryan sings at LP Field for the first nightly concert at the 2013 CMA Music Festival Thursday , June 6 , 2013 , in Nashville , Tenn. Their 'Drunk On You ' is a hit on radio and online , but while they and their label , Capitol Records , collect performance royalties from digital streaming service providers , they get none from traditional radio stations . ( Photo11 : Gannett/Larry McCormack , The ( Nashville ) Tennessean ) Story Highlights Independent Warner Music-Clear Channel deal setting precedent
Artists can already claim performance royalties for Internet radio play
Traditional radio industry would oppose new legislation
The decades-old debate about how royalties should be paid when a song plays on the radio has re-emerged , with Congress taking up the issue and record labels breaking new ground by striking private deals with broadcast companies .
The battlefront is in Nashville , where performers , labels , songwriters , publishers and radio stations accustomed to working side-by-side have renewed their disagreement . And it comes against the backdrop of Warner Music announcing a breakthrough deal last week to collect royalties when its artists have a song played on one of Clear Channel 's 850 radio stations .
At stake are tens of millions of dollars in performance royalties that federal law exempts broadcast companies from paying to artists and labels for songs broadcast on terrestrial radio . Those payments go exclusively to the songwriters and publishers , as has been the arrangement for decades .
But U.S. Rep. Mel Watt , D-N.C. , said the time for change has come . They plan to file legislation soon that would recognize performance royalties for artists and require broadcast companies to negotiate royalty arrangements with labels . In 2009 , Watt and others in Congress pushed the Performance Rights Act , which would have mandated a new royalty for artists and labels when a song is played on traditional radio .
The 2009 bill cleared the House Judiciary Committee , but never reached a floor vote over pushback against that mandate . In response , Watt said their new bill instead would recognize performance royalty rights and require broadcast companies and labels to work out their own arrangements over royalty payments .
`` I 've felt that it was unfair for AM/FM stations to use the works of artists to make money for themselves without paying the artists whose stuff they 're using , '' Watt said . `` I was on the original bill that did not move several years ago . Part of it had to do with the fact ( broadcasters ) thought the compensation structure proposed in the bill was not fair or onerous . And I said , 'Well , OK , maybe it would be better if you all just go out and work among yourselves . ' ``
As it turns out , this is already happening . Big Machine Records , home to country music superstars Taylor Swift , Tim McGraw and Rascal Flatts , was at the forefront , agreeing to a performance royalty deal with Clear Channel in 2012 , and more recently reaching agreements with other broadcast companies . The deal between Warner Music and Clear Channel that came to light last week is truly groundbreaking , because it is the first involving one of the three major labels .
Radio resistance
Despite the private market starting to move in this direction , the radio industry stands in staunch opposition to Watt 's efforts . They say artists and labels effectively receive free promotion when their song is broadcast , and this marketing leads to consumers buying albums , concert tickets and merchandise .
Whit Adamson , president of the Tennessee Association of Broadcasters , worried that Congress legislating a new royalty would lead to smaller radio stations either shuttering or choosing to change their format .
`` It has a profound impact on our industry overall , if it were to come to pass , '' said Dennis Gwiazdon , Nashville vice president and general manager for South Central Media , which owns Mix 92.9 and JACK-FM 96.3 . `` The major concern centers around the amount of the fees that are involved here and how that could potentially alter the radio landscape , potentially for music stations , who if they felt the fees were onerous to the extent they did n't want to pay them , might go to a spoken-word format . ''
Democratic U.S. Rep. Jim Cooper of Nashville said they were sympathetic to the financial challenges facing smaller , independent stations . Cooper said they proposed such stations pay a very small royalty fee under the 2009 bill .
But Cooper added that it behooves Congress to act despite the private deals being struck because U.S. artists and labels are missing out on foreign performance royalties . Cooper said lawmakers are leery about taking money out of the pockets of broadcast companies because there 's a radio station in every congressional district . And unlike their Nashville-area constituency , there 's not the presence of professional songwriters and musicians in every district .
`` The issue has been gridlocked for years , primarily due to the political power of the broadcasters , '' they said . `` This is ironic and it 's tragic , because there is a European fund that is waiting to distribute money to American artists . But they wo n't distribute that money unless we acknowledge a performance right . ''
Changing media
The question is muddied by the emergence of Internet radio , which does pay out a royalty to artists and labels . In fact , the deals between Clear Channel and the record labels include the trade-off of paying out terrestrial radio royalties on the bet that digital royalties will continue to grow in the coming years .
`` I think the debate has heated up in light of the transition from the purchase of CDs as the dominant medium of music consumption , to a move and expansion into new forms of media such as streaming , satellite radio , webcasting and so on , '' said Denise Stevens , senior counsel at the Nashville office of Loeb & Loeb , which specializes in entertainment law . `` And when people look at digital broadcasters , who have an obligation to pay royalties , they see a discrepancy . ''
Last year , SoundExchange , the nonprofit group that collects and distributes royalties for Internet radio plays , paid out $ 462 million in digital royalties last year .
Take Luke Bryan 's 2012 hit song `` Drunk on You , '' which has 223,889 spins on terrestrial radio and has been streamed 24.9 million times according to research provided by Nielsen BDS . Bryan and their record label Capitol Records were not legally entitled to the royalties generated by their radio airplay .
In a 2012 letter to Congress , the National Music Publishers ' Association , Nashville Songwriters Association International and the Church Music Publishers Association stated that 92 cents of every dollar paid in digital royalties goes to labels and artists while 8 cents goes to publishers and songwriters .
David Macias , president of Nashville independent record label Thirty Tigers , worried that the trend of agreements between broadcast companies and record labels could have a chilling effect on independent music if the radio stations are more inclined to play songs produced by labels with which they have business deals . They said they supported Watt 's pursuit of a law .
`` It 's a win-win for Warner and for the radio chain , but competition loses , '' Macias said .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1eNhARL
By Kieran Mulvaney | Special to ESPN.com Send | Print
50 Greatest
50 . Mike Tyson
1985-2005.50-6-0-2 ( 44 KOs ) Knocked out Trevor Berbick in the second round in November 1986 to become the youngest heavyweight champion in history . Intimidating demeanor and devastating two-fisted knockout power cowed many opponents into submission before the first bell . Tore through heavyweight ranks until being upended by 42-1 underdog James `` Buster '' Douglas in 1990 . Comeback was derailed by a prison sentence for rape from 1992 to 1995 . Regained WBC heavyweight belt from Frank Bruno and WBA belt from Bruce Seldon in 1996 , but lost to Evander Holyfield in November of that year . Melted down in rematch , biting both of Holyfield 's ears . Was beaten badly over eight rounds by Lennox Lewis in 2002 . Quit on their stool after six rounds in their last fight , against Kevin McBride , in 2005 .
49 . Erik Morales
1993-present48-5 ( 34 KOs ) Tremendously popular Mexican warrior , whose fights frequently evoke technical brawls of old . Career defined primarily by three-fight series with compatriot Marco Antonio Barrera ( W12 , L12 , L12 ) and Manny Pacquiao ( W12 , TKO by 10 , KO by 3 ) . Won WBC super bantamweight title from Daniel Zaragoza in September 1997 and defended nine times . Won WBC featherweight crown in September 2000 , lost it to Barrera in June 2002 , regained now-vacant title five months later . Vacated to seize WBC 130-pound championship in February 2004 , which they lost in November that year , again to Barrera . Has lost four of their last five and is clearly in decline , but has expressed interest in having at least one more fight , for a lightweight belt .
48 . Floyd Mayweather Jr .
1996-present.38-0 ( 24 KOs ) Has greater potential than anyone on this list to rise or fall . Blessed with tremendous natural ability , but also a skilled technician . Won WBC 130-pound title with stoppage of Genaro Hernandez in 18th pro fight . Added WBC lightweight belt in 2002 , and junior welterweight belt in 2005 . Defeated Carlos Baldomir to become welterweight champion last year . Won split decision against Oscar De La Hoya to annex WBC super welterweight crown . Claims to now be retired .
47 . Bernard Hopkins
1988-present47-4-1 ( 32 KOs ) Lost professional debut , as a light heavyweight , and did not fight again for 16 months . Lost first world title challenge , against Roy Jones Jr. for vacant IBF middleweight belt , in 1993 . Drew with Segundo Mercado in second title attempt , for the same belt , in 1994 , but stopped Mercado in rematch . Made 20 successful title defenses , adding WBC and IBF titles in 2001 , and WBO belt in 2004 . Lost titles to Jermain Taylor in 2005 . Retired after stepping up to light heavyweight and defeating Antonio Tarver in 2006 , but will emerge from retirement to fight Winky Wright in July .
46 . Roy Jones Jr .
1989-present50-4 ( 38 KOs ) Tremendously physically gifted , with lightning reflexes and hand speed . Won IBF middleweight title against Bernard Hopkins in 1993 , then stepped up to super middleweight and dethroned champion James Toney in November 1994 . After five defenses of 168-pound crown , moved up to light heavyweight , becoming first WBC , then WBA and IBF champion . In 2003 , added a portion of the heavyweight championship when they dominated WBA titlist John Ruiz . Through first 50 contests , only defeat was by DQ against Montell Griffin .
45 . Carlos Monzon
1963-7787-3-9-1 ( 59 KOs ) Lost three times in first 19 bouts , then went undefeated over the final 81 of career . Won world middleweight title from Nino Benvenuti in Rome in November 1970 , and defended it 14 times over next seven years .
44 . Pernell Whitaker
1984-200140-4-1-1 ( 17 KOs ) Defensive master frequently left opponents flummoxed and struggling to tackle unorthodox moves . Only definitive defeats of career were final two bouts ; of other two losses , one was controversial and one , their first world title shot , against WBC champion Jose Ramirez in 1988 , was considered outright robbery . Won the title , against Greg Haugen , following year , and defeated Ramirez in a rematch . Added WBA lightweight belt in 1990 , IBF junior welterweight title in 1992 and WBC welterweight belt in 1993 . Widely believed to have beaten Julio Cesar Chavez in September 1993 bout declared a draw . Lost close decision to Oscar De La Hoya in April 1997 , and did n't hold world title again .
43 . Marco Antonio Barrera
1989-present63-5 ( 42 KOs ) Mexican brawler has evolved into masterful boxer-puncher . Won WBO 122-pound title in March 1995 , but lost title in shocker to Junior Jones in November 1996 . Regained vacant title in October 1998 , and moved up to featherweight in April 2001 , dominating favored Englishman Naseem Hamed . Rebounded from stoppage defeat to Manny Pacquiao to defeat Erik Morales for second time in three-fight series and take the WBC super featherweight title . Lost title to compatriot Juan Manuel Marquez in March .
42 . Alexis Arguello
1968-9580-8 ( 64 KOs ) Classy boxer-puncher renowned for gentlemanly behavior and attitude outside ring . Failed in first attempt at world title , falling short over 15 rounds in bid for WBA featherweight strap against Ernesto Marcel in February 1974 . Won the title on next attempt , dethroning Ruben Olivares later that year . Defended title four times before annexing WBC 130-pound crown in January 1978 ; after eight defenses , moved up to lightweight , outpointing WBC champ Jim Watt in 1981 . Came up short in two epic battles with Aaron Pryor for 140-pound championship in 1982 and 1983 , after which they retired , before making two short comebacks .
41 . Ted `` Kid '' Lewis
1909-29173-30-14 ( 71 KOs ) and 65 no-decisionsWon British featherweight title while only 18 , and added European crown four months later . Won world welterweight title from Jack Britton in August 1915 , before losing it to , regaining it from , and losing it once more to Britton in subsequent bouts . Fought Britton 20 times , with 12 of the bouts ending in no-decisions . Returned to Britain to annex that country 's middleweight , light heavyweight and heavyweight crowns , and challenged world light heavyweight ( and European heavyweight ) champion Georges Carpentier in 1922 , despite weighing only 153 pounds .
Kieran Mulvaney is a freelance writer based in Washington , D.C . They cover boxing for ESPN.com , Reuters and TigerBoxing.com .
Join the conversation about boxers No . 50-41 .
Hopes of finding evidence of life on far off alien worlds by studying their atmospheric chemistry have been dashed by a new study that concludes it 's almost impossible .
The study from the University of Toronto finds the method used to detect biosignatures on exoplanets can produce a false positive result .
The presence of multiple chemicals such as methane and oxygen in an exoplanet 's atmosphere is considered an example of evidence of past or present life . Rein 's team discovered that a lifeless planet with a lifeless moon can mimic the same results as a planet with such a biosignature .
“ You would n't be able to distinguish between them because they are so far away that you would see both in one spectrum , ” Rein commented .
The resolution needed to identify a genuine biosignature from a false positive would be impossible to obtain even with telescopes available in the foreseeable future , they said .
Rein added : “ A telescope would need to be unrealistically large , something one hundred metres in size , and it would have to be built in space . This telescope does not exist , and there are no plans to build one anytime soon . ”
Current methods can estimate the size and temperature of an exoplanet in order to determine whether liquid water could exist on the its surface , one of the criteria for a planet hosting the right conditions for life .
Many researchers use modelling to imagine the atmosphere of these planets , but they still ca n't make conclusive observations , said Rein . “ We ca n't get an idea of what the atmosphere is actually like , not with the methods we have at our disposal . ”
To date , 1,774 exoplanets have been confirmed to exist , and there could be more than 100 billion planets in the Milky Way galaxy alone . Despite the results , Rein is optimistic the search for life on planets outside our own is possible if done the right way .
“ There are plenty of reasons to be optimistic that we will find hints of extraterrestrial life within the next few decades , just maybe not on an Earth-like planet around a Sun-like star . ”
Source : http : //goo.gl/SnwTB4 .
Obsess much ? Here 's a way to stop the cycle ( and basically tell your brain to STFU ) .
By Amanda Schupak , SELF
Photo : Kyle Ericksen/WWD
Replays of awkward interactions , missed opportunities and embarrassing regrets distract us during the day and keep us up at night . Think about how many times you 've agonized over some dumb thing you said . Or rehearsed a conversation that has n't happened -- and might not ever . Or could n't get that awesome comeback you thought of too late out of your mind . ( The jerk store called , and they totally would have been ready with a killer burn . ) Your brain can take you on a Mr. Toad 's Wild Ride of futile fantasy and psychic self-flagellation , and it often feels like there 's no getting off it .
`` We have 40,000 to 60,000 thoughts a day , and we 're usually worrying about our past or our future , '' Lynne Goldberg , meditation coach and co-founder of the OMG I Can Meditate ! app , tells SELF . That 's a lot of time fretting over stuff we ca n't control , and not paying attention to what 's actually going on .
`` Rumination is when you go over the same -- usually negative -- thought again and again , '' explains David Cox , chief medical officer for mindful meditation app Headspace . `` You 're trying to work out why did it go wrong , what could you have done , and what could you do . It 's useful if you do it once , but there 's no benefit to doing it again and again . ''
That logic does n't stop us from obsessing , though , does it ? Fortunately , there are tactics you can use to put the brakes on a runaway train of thought .
You ca n't exactly command your brain to stop thinking about something ( it 'll just laugh at you and think harder ) , but you can trick it into focusing on something that does n't totally suck .
The first step to stopping obsessive thoughts is to realize that you 're having them , which is harder than it sounds . The reason that we can get lost in thought so easily is that we 're unaware that we 're lost in thought . Consider the way you can drift off during a phone call and suddenly realize you missed a solid five minutes of what the person on the other end was saying . Thought is a powerful thing , and it does n't need your help -- or your permission -- to take over your brain .
`` You get caught up in the thoughts themselves because they have an emotional charge , '' says Cox . `` So actually going , 'Huh , I 'm ruminating right now and maybe I should ... stop , ' is quite a hard thing to do . ''
You can break the cycle of rumination by noticing your thoughts , then shifting your attention to something physical instead .
Thinking involves many different parts of your brain in a pretty complex network of connections . One of those connections -- between the prefrontal cortex , which plays a big role in complex thought ( and therefore also in rumination ) , and the amygdala , your brain 's emotional center -- gets interrupted when you activate a part of the brain called the insula that processes information about the state of your body .
`` So , '' Cox explains , `` if you move your attention to physical sensations , like the soles of your feet as you walk , your breath , or your seat in the chair , you physically ca n't ruminate . ''
Goldberg likens it to juggling : `` You ca n't have a busy mind and juggle at the same time . You have to focus . ''
The following technique can help you regain control of your thoughts . And the more you practice it , the better you 'll get at noticing when you need to do it .
This 2-minute mini-meditation from Goldberg is an easy go-to anytime you need to get a handle on an out-of-control mind :
First look around and notice where you are .
Then close your eyes and notice the sounds around you , whether that 's a baby crying , horns honking , or your coworkers banging away on their keyboards . `` Allow yourself to be there with the sounds , '' Goldberg says .
Take one deep breath to settle yourself .
Then follow your breath , from the moment the air touches your nostrils as you inhale , feeling it fill up your chest and belly , and as it leaves your body as you exhale , noticing if the air feels warmer or colder .
Repeat this for five deep breaths .
`` The core of this brain hack is understanding that you can interrupt a distracting thought with a meditation , and it does n't have to involve three hours in lotus pose , '' Wendy Suzuki , Ph.D. , author of Healthy Brain , Happy Life ( due out this spring ) , tells SELF . `` You can literally take 30 seconds and close your eyes and start to focus on your breathing . ''
BHOPAL : A 14-year-old dalit girl was gang-raped by five people inside a moving bus and then flung out of the vehicle in Singrauli district on Sunday in a shocking re-run of Delhi 's Nirbhaya tragedy that shook the conscience of the nation . The bus driver also joined in the monstrous act . Also , the rear wheels of the bus missed them by inches as they lay bleeding and unconscious on a dirt road in Nalhatani village , 15 km from the district headquarters.Hours later , villagers picked them up and took them to district hospital after informing the police . They narrated the ordeal to police after gaining consciousness.Police said the survivor had gone to meet their aunt at district 's Waiden village . Later , when they were waiting for conveyance to return home , they were offered a lift by the driver of a bus operated by Siddiqui Travels . This bus was hired by a local business person for a wedding ceremony and it was heading towards the venue to pick guests.There were around five people inside the bus , including its driver and two cleaners . As soon as the girl boarded the bus , they began molesting her.She screamed for help , but the windows were shut . They stopped the bus near a desolate area and dragged the girl inside forest . They were sexually assaulted again , police said , quoting the victim . They said they dragged them back to the bus and then pushed them off the moving bus . The girl suffered serious head injuries.Police said their medical examination report is awaited . Them parents were also informed about the incident . A case has been registered under different sections , including Protection Of Children Against Sexual Offences Act . The accused have been detained , but police refused to confirm that they were raped inside the bus .
Jordan Brown , who was 11 when they allegedly killed their father 's pregnant fiancee , could face life sentence with no parole
US child appeals against being tried for murder as an adult
The following clarification was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Thursday 27 January 2010
The report about a 13-year-old boy who shot and killed their father 's fiancee in Pennsylvania described them as using `` his own hunting rifle , a shotgun designed specifically for children '' . According to court documents the weapon used was a 20-gauge shotgun , which is not a rifle
Lawyers for a child in Pennsylvania who was 11 when they allegedly shot and killed their father 's pregnant fiancee attempted today to persuade an appeals court not to try them as an adult under America 's harsh system of juvenile justice .
Unless the lawyers for Jordan Brown who is now aged 13 , can convince the judges to change tack , they will be tried in adult court and if convicted will serve an automatic life sentence with no chance of parole . They would become the youngest child in US history to be sentenced to be incarcerated forever .
The US is the only country where juveniles are serving life imprisonment without parole under the so-called `` life means life '' policy . Only the US and Somalia have refused to ratify the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , which rules out life sentences with no chance of release for crimes committed before the age of 18 .
Brown is accused of having killed Kenzie Houk , in February 2009 at their home in the countryside about 35 miles north-west of Pittsburgh . According to the prosecution , Brown shot them through the back of the head as they slept in their bedroom .
They are then alleged to have got on the school bus and gone to their elementary school as usual .
Houk , 26 , was just two weeks away from their due date and their unborn child , who would have been called Christopher , died too . Brown has been charged with two counts of homicide .
Brown allegedly carried out the killing using their own hunting rifle , a shotgun designed specifically for children . The prosecution alleges that the killing was premeditated and they found residue from the gun on Brown 's shoulder .
When they were first presented to court Brown was made to wear shackles around their wrists and ankles .
Human rights campaigners are protesting the treatment of Brown as an adult . Amnesty International said the move would be a violation of international law . `` It is shocking that anyone this young could face life imprisonment without parole , let alone in a country which labels itself as a progressive force for human rights , '' said Susan Lee , head of the campaign 's Americas operation .
The Sentencing Project , a Washington-based campaign , said no other country had juveniles serving life without parole . `` That leads to only two conclusions : either kids in the US are far more violent than those in the rest of the world , or the US has developed uniquely harsh sentences . ''
At a federal level , the US penal system has been inching towards a more lenient approach to juvenile crime . In 2005 the US supreme court abolished the death penalty for under-18s .
Then last May it ruled that juveniles could not be subjected to life without parole for any crime other than homicide .
But that still leaves about 2,400 prisoners facing permanent imprisonment for homicides committed when they were children .
Pennsylvania , where all juveniles are automatically treated as adults unless a judge decides otherwise , heads the league table of 44 states that hand out the sentence , with about 450 cases .
Houk 's death has divided the two families involved in their response to Brown 's judicial treatment . The boy 's father , Chris Brown , protests their son 's innocence and says they have no idea what could await him .
`` Try to explain to a 12-year-old what the rest of your life means . It 's incomprehensible for him , '' they told ABC News last year .
The victim 's mother , Deborah Houk , has pushed for the toughest sentence for the boy . `` I ca n't stand this 'Oh , he 's 11 , ' 'Oh , their clothes do n't fit him , ' '' they told the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review soon after their daughter 's death . `` He knew what they were doing . They killed my baby . ''
Past results do not guarantee future performance , the SEC forces funds to tell investors . It 's good advice . But in a final two games in which Villanova shot an unreal 63-of-97 from the field , if it came down to one shot—if it came down to Kris Jenkins with an open look—the Wildcats had to feel pretty good about a national championship from the moment the ball left Jenkins 's fingertips .
“ When I get it , ” Jenkins said , “ it 's going up . I always think it 's going in and this was no different . ”
The play was an old saw . Nova 's standard end-of-game call , Jay Wright was comfortable in revealing because there are no more games to play . Nothing too tricky , not too many moving parts . So straightforward that the play is named , merely , “ Nova . ”
The only key was an intense trust in Ryan Arcidiacono to make the right choice . “ Put the ball in Arch 's hands , ” Wright described the playcall , and let them make the decision . ”
Jenkins inbounded the ball , and the Tar Heels , not playing man-to-man , promptly forgot about him . Arcidiacono went around a screen from Daniel Ochefu , and that screen mattered . It mattered in retrospect , obviously , but Ochefu knew its importance already . Coming out of the last time out , Ochefu inspected the spot on the court where they knew they would plant himself . It was sweaty and slick and the boy mopping it up was n't getting it all . Ochefu grabbed the mop from the kid and dried the floor their damn self .
“ I knew exactly where I had to set the screen , ” Ochefu said . “ I did n't want to slip . I did n't want Arch to slip ... So I was like , make sure the floor is dry . ”
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
No one slipped . UNC 's Joel Berry had n't quite gotten turned around from Arcidiacono 's gentle crossover , and stumbled over Ochefu 's feet just enough so that they did n't have any choice but to let their momentum keep them on Arcidiacono . Arcidiacono came up with two men on them and three back inside the arc , cutting off any attempt to drive the basket . Jenkins , the trailer , had been completely ignored , and was calling the ballhandler 's name to let them know . “ Arch ! Arch ! ” But they never expected to actually get the ball .
“ He 's a senior with the game on the line ; that 's supposed to be their shot , ” Jenkins said . “ But they passed it to me . ”
Advertisement
A simple choice in a vacuum ; Jenkins was open and Arcidiacono was n't . But it can be a lot to ask a college kid to make the right call with the ball in their hands and a life-making moment in the offing . Arcidiacono got it right .
“ Kris told me he 'd be open , ” Arcidiacono said , and Jenkins was , and though North Carolina completely failed to mark him , they had one last bit of help . After dropping off the ball , Arcidiacono ran a little brush screen—no contact , just a body in between Jenkins and the closest defenders , making sure that there 'd be no hand in the shooter 's face .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
It was the first buzzer-beater to win an NCAA title game since Lorenzo Charles 's dunk in 1983 , and since that was a dunk , this was an absolute first : the first time a ball was in the air , the backboard lit , a championship dependent on where it lands . So many times this spring , so many times this weekend , it felt like Villanova could not miss . That was not true , of course . They could miss , and did , and Jenkins could have missed here . But a relatively simple play , executed to perfection by all parties involved , gave the Wildcats the best possible chance for a bucket . Sometimes an entire season comes down to one shot . Sometimes that shot feels inevitable .
Originally authored by Paul Gross and cross-posted on Braintree 's blog
The NoSQL movement has brought us a wave of new data stores beyond the traditional relational databases . These data stores come with their own tradeoffs , but they provide some incredible benefits . At Braintree , we are moving in the direction of using Riak as our next generation data store . We love its focus on scalability and availability . Servers can fail without causing any downtime , and we can add more capacity by simply adding more servers to the cluster .
One great feature of relational databases , however , is the consistency in the shape of the data . You know if you have a people table , every row has the same columns . Some fields might be null , but there wo n't be any surprises . Furthermore , if you want to rename or modify a column , it 's a simple operation . In the case of PostgreSQL and other databases , a renamed is nearly instantaneous . We lose this ability with Riak and most NoSQL databases . We can easily add attributes ( columns ) , but we can not easily rename them or change the data within each document ( row ) .
Since our apps are always evolving at Braintree , we needed a way for our data to keep up with our code . Our solution is something we 're calling lazy data migrations , and we 've built it into our repository and model framework , curator . You can read more about curator on our blog at Untangle Domain and Persistence Logic with Curator .
The problem
Say we have a collection of people in Riak . This is analogous to a people table in a relational database . When we first built the app , we added fields for first_name and last_name :
person = Person.new ( : first_name = > `` Joe '' , : last_name = > `` Smith '' )
Some time has passed , our app has data , and we now realize that names are a pain . What do we do with middle names ? What about people with multiple first or last names ? We want to just simplify the system and collect only a name . We no longer care about a separate first and last name . The problem is we have a ton of data in the old format . How do we handle that old records have a first_name and last_name , but going forward , we want just name ?
In a relational database , we would simply write a database migration that looks like :
ALTER TABLE people ADD COLUMN name VARCHAR ; UPDATE people SET name = first_name || ' ' || last_name ; ALTER TABLE people DROP COLUMN first_name , DROP COLUMN last_name ;
This migration might take a while to run , but once it 's done , we know that all data has been migrated . We can then change all of our code to only deal with name , knowing we no longer have first_name or last_name .
In a NoSQL database like Riak , we can not simply change the schema . We have to come up with a different solution . Here are the steps we went through in trying to come up with the solution that made its way into curator :
Solution attempt 1 : Scattered conditionals
The first solution is to make the Person class smart enough to handle both cases .
class Person attr_accessor : first_name , : last_name , : name end
We can populate whatever fields we get back from the data store . Then , when we want to do something with the name , we have to use code like :
if person.name puts `` Name is # { person.name } '' else puts `` Name is # { person.first_name } # { person.last_name } '' end
The problem with this approach is that we have to use branching code like this whenever we want to use the name . It quickly gets messy .
Solution attempt 2 : Gathered conditionals
The second solution is to move this logic to the place where we read the Person out of the data store :
attributes = fetch_from_riak if attributes [ : name ] person = Person.new ( : name = > attributes [ : name ] ) else person = Person.new ( : name = > `` # { attributes [ : first_name ] } # { attributes [ : last_name ] } '' ) end
Now , we only have to do it once and we can change our Person class to only know about name .
This solution works well , but what happens a year down the road when we 've made lots of data changes to many different models ? We do n't want a bunch of conditionals all over our persistence code .
Our solution : Lazy data migrations
We pulled the idea from solution 2 into the idea of a migration ( similar to ActiveRecord migrations ) . Migrations target a given collection at a given version . They look like this :
class ConsolidateName < Curator : :Migration def migrate ( attributes ) first_name = attributes.delete ( : first_name ) last_name = attributes.delete ( : last_name ) attributes.merge ( : name = > `` # { first_name } # { last_name } '' ) end end
This migration is stored in db/migrate/people/0001_consolidate_name.rb . We 've also added the concept of a version to each Model . By default , models start at version 0 . When they are read from the Repository , the attributes are run through any migrations that are a greater version ( based on the version in the filename ) :
person = PersonRepository.find_by_key ( `` person_id '' ) person.version # = > 1
Now , the migration logic is isolated from the rest of the application . The rest of the app can safely assume that all Person objects have only a name :
class Person current_version 1 attr_accessor : name end
We mark the Person class with current_version 1 to signify that new instances start at version 1 , since they have a name attribute rather than first_name/last_name .
These migrations run when models are read , so they are lazy . Data will migrate as it 's used , and update when saved . This means that , unlike with relational databases , the website can be up and serving requests while the data is migrated .
If you want to force the data to migrate ( and not wait for all data to be used ) , you can simply find models who have n't been migrated and save them . The version attribute is indexed by default :
PersonRepository.find_by_version ( 0 ) .each do |person| PersonRepository.save ( person ) end
Testing
Unlike ActiveRecord migrations , curator migrations have no side effects . They simply accept a hash and return a new hash . This makes them easy to call from a unit test :
require 'spec_helper ' require 'db/migrate/people/0001_consolidate_name ' describe ConsolidateName do describe `` migrate '' do it `` concatenates first_name and last_name '' do attributes = { : first_name = > `` Joe '' , : last_name = > `` Smith '' } ConsolidateName.new ( 1 ) .migrate ( attributes ) [ : name ] .should == `` Joe Smith '' end end end
Limitations
Curator migrations are lazy , so at any given time you might have documents with different versions in the data store . This is not normally a problem since the migrations will run as soon as the objects are read . However , if you add a migration that changes an indexed field , you can not rely on that index to return all of the correct values until you migrate them all . In this case , you might want to force migration by reading and saving all of the documents .
Next Steps
You can see these migrations in action in the curator_rails_example .
Let us know what you think about lazy data migrations in curator . Feel free to open issues on GitHub , submit pull requests , and help us make it better .
Email your thoughts here . The Atlantic has a unique stake in this debate , since Thoreau was one of the earliest contributors to the magazine , publishing a number of essays here in the last years of their life . And if that experience is anything to go by , you probably would n't have wanted to be their editor .
I love Thoreau . What is piggish about living simply and deliberately , not taking more than you need , respecting individual rights , being anti-slavery and practicing Civil Disobedience ? I think a lot of it comes down to extroverts being generally put off by anyone who dares to be an introvert .
Philosopher , poet , and pond-dweller Henry David Thoreau occupies an esteemed place in America 's imagination and reading lists . But earlier this week , The New Yorker 's Kathryn Schulz wrote a scathing takedown of the writer , calling them “ self-obsessed : narcissistic , fanatical about self-control , ” sparking debate across the Internet . So far , my favorite characterization of Thoreau is “ a genuine American weirdo , ” written by Jedediah Purdy in a rebuttal to Schultz . One reader wrote in response : “ I like some Thoreau . Lots of authors are dicks , just like artists of many types . Does n't mean I ca n't enjoy their work. ” Another reader :
Ralph Waldo Emerson , one of The Atlantic 's founders , was also a buddy of Thoreau 's . ( Emerson published a tribute to their friend , after their death , here . ) As Ellery Sedgwick , the magazine 's eighth editor , writes in A History of The Atlantic Monthly , Emerson encouraged Thoreau to submit a narrative about life in the Maine woods . Among the casualties of the editing process was a single , not-especially-remarkable sentence .
But Thoreau , ever meticulous , was affronted to discover that deletion in the published version of their piece . They wrote an angry letter to the The Atlantic 's founding editor , James Russell Lowell , in June 1858 :
I have just noticed that that sentence was , in a very mean and cowardly manner , omitted… I am not willing to be associated in any way , unnecessarily , with parties who will confess themselves so bigoted and timid as this implies . I could excuse a man who was afraid of an uplifted fist , but if one habitually manifests fear at the utterance of a single thought , I must think that their life is a kind of nightmare continued in broad daylight . It is hard to conceive of one so completely derivative . Is this the avowed character of the Atlantic Monthly ?
Luckily , thanks in part to a new editor , James Thomas Fields , The Atlantic convinced Thoreau to publish several more essays in 1862 , right before they passed away . Whatever you think about the man himself , these essays—many autumnal-themed—are lovely glimpses into Thoreau 's pastoral world . As they wrote in “ Autumnal Tints , ”
October is the month of painted leaves . Their rich glow now flashes round the world . As fruits and leaves and the day itself acquire a bright tint just before they fall , so the year near its setting . October is its sunset sky ; November the later twilight .
Also see “ Wild Apples , ” a portrait of the tree that bears the “ noblest of fruits ” , and the famous essay “ Walking , ” in which Thoreau meditates on the virtues of a mind and body free to wander wherever they please .
Kordale Lewis , Kaleb Anthony and their beautiful four children are the brand-new faces of Acne Studios .
The Atlanta-based couple are the first black LGBTI family to represent a high fashion European clothing line . Their children are Desmiray , Maliyah , Kordale Junior and Kaleb Junior .
Founder of Acne Studios Jonny Johansson said : ‘ [ This campaign is ] a way of highlighting that while every family is different , we all have the same love and want the best for our children .
‘ There is no ‘ normal ' family—all families are normal , ' they added .
In an interview with Acne Studios , the gorgeous gay dads say they have a healthy family-life balance .
Kaleb said : ‘ We 've been really blessed , man .
‘ How we look at it is , from Sunday to Friday , we 're all about the kids—we do everything with the kids , have a movie night , play games , cook together .
‘ A lot of people who know us really commend us for not having lost our sense of party and having a good time , while always putting our children first .
‘ The kids are our number-one priority in all aspects of life , ' they added .
This is our family featured in the Fall/winter 2017 Campaign for @ acnestudios shot by @ inezandvinoodh We 're the first Black LGBT family to represent a high fashion European clothing line . A post shared by Kordale N Kaleb ( @ kordalenkaleb ) on Aug 17 , 2017 at 10:04am PDT
The couple met on Facebook after Kordale had their third child with their ex-girlfriend and then told them they were gay .
Kordale said : ‘ I told them [ I was gay ] when they were pregnant with Kordale Junior , our third child .
‘ She was like “ You 're so gay ! ” They suspected it .
‘ We broke up a couple months after they had my son . They entered into a new relationship , and I moved to Atlanta , ' they said .
‘ Some kids have a mom and a dad , some kids have a dad and a dad '
The gay dads are huge on Instagram , after a viral post of the family doing their girls ' hair in the mirror .
Being fathers is getting our daughters up at 5:30 am making breakfast getting them dressed for school and putting them on the bus by 6:30 .This is a typical day in our household . It 's not easy but we enjoy every moment and eveny minute of # fatherhood . # proudfathers # blackfathers # prouddads # gaydads A post shared by Kordale N Kaleb ( @ kordalenkaleb ) on Jan 14 , 2014 at 7:17am PST
Since then , they 're a force to be reckoned with . They starred in a Nikon campaign , where they shared their story and family life .
They told Huffington Post : ‘ There will be those people who do not agree and will post negative comments or snarl their faces , but there are much more people who do agree and commend us as fathers and community activists . '
The pair said they have never experienced homophobia in Atlanta for being gay .
Kaleb joked : ‘ There was a time when Kordale used to go pick up the kids more often than me , and then one day I turned up and another kid was like , “ Hold on , I thought the other guy was your dad—you have two dads ? That 's so cool ! ” ‘
Shot by @ inezandvinoodh for the # AcneStudios Fall/Winter 2017 campaign @ acnestudios Excited about the official launch of the international campaign tomorrow Aug 17 , 2017 A post shared by Kordale N Kaleb ( @ kordalenkaleb ) on Aug 16 , 2017 at 3:07pm PDT
They continued : ‘ Some kids have a mom and a dad , some kids have a dad and a dad . Some kids have a mom and a mom , and some kids just have a dad , and some just have a mom , ' they said .
Read the full interview .
[ UPDATED 2015-04-17 1400 UTC ] The FCC is seeking comments on a Notice of Proposed Rule Making ( NPRM ) in WT Docket 15-81 that would restrict routine public inspection of an Amateur Radio licensee 's address history . The Commission said it was taking the action in an effort to enhance the privacy of individual licensees . The change would not affect public access to a licensee 's current address information .
“ To implement this change , we propose to remove from public view in the Universal Licensing System ( ULS ) Amateur Radio licensee address information that is not associated with a current license or pending application… , ” the FCC said in the NPRM , released on March 31 . “ We believe that these steps will enhance Amateur Radio operators ' privacy without undermining the public interest in knowing who is authorized to operate on amateur spectrum . ”
The Wireless Bureau also solicited public input on whether it should extend the same approach to individual licensees in any other radio services , such as the General Mobile Radio Service ( GMRS ) , commercial radio operator licensees , and individuals who hold ship station and/or aircraft station licenses .
Current licensee address information would remain public , the Commission said .
“ We believe that publicly available licensee address information facilitates the Amateur Radio community 's self-regulation and maintains the distinction between the Amateur Service and other radio services , ” the FCC said in the NPRM . “ In recent years , the Commission has received occasional requests from amateur licensees to remove their address information from public view in ULS . These requests are not granted , because Section 0.453 ( d ) ( 4 ) requires that the information be available for public inspection in ULS . ”
The FCC noted in the NPRM that the ULS includes not only current authorizations and pending applications , but expired , canceled , or terminated licenses ; archived versions of active licenses , and applications that have not been processed . “ Information available on ULS includes a licensee 's name and address , and technical information about the authorization requested or granted , ” the NPRM explained .
The FCC pointed out that an Amateur Radio licensee is not required to provide a home address , just a valid mailing address . “ Those who are concerned about their residential address appearing in ULS may use , among other alternatives , a post office box , a business address , the address of another property the licensee owns , or the address of a friend or relative as their mailing address , ” the NPRM suggested .
The FCC acknowledged that for a licensee whose residential address may already appear in ULS , this approach “ offers only a partial solution , ” the NPRM said , “ because replacing the address on a current license does not remove the old address information from archived licenses and processed applications , and it remains publicly viewable even if the license expires or is canceled or otherwise terminated . ”
Comments are due in the proceeding by June 16 . Reply comments -- ie , comments on comments filed -- are due by July 16 .
Faramir
Norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out FM radio .
FM stations will begin to go silent in parts of the country next week and the shutdown process will be complete by the end of 2017 , according to the government .
The Nordic country is switching from FM to digital radio -- called DAB -- because the digital option offers more channels , better audio quality and savings for broadcasters .
`` The main reason that Norway is the first is because of the Norwegian landscape , which has deep fjords , high mountains and scattered communities , '' the government said in a statement . `` This makes it particularly expensive to operate the Norwegian FM networks compared with other countries . ''
The government estimates that radio stations will save more than 200 million kroner ( $ 23.5 million ) a year by ditching FM , allowing them to invest further in radio content .
It does n't expect any jobs will be directly affected by the shutdown as stations will switch to broadcasting via DAB .
There is an exception carved out of the regulations that will allow some very small local stations to continue broadcasting on FM frequencies . Norway does not have any AM stations .
Related : Why Norway 's stock market rallied 18 % in 2016
The move from analogue to digital comes after more than a decade of government planning .
Critics say the switch could leave 2 million cars without radio access -- a possible safety hazard .
Norway 's local radio association -- Norsk Lokalradioforbund -- has also warned that the cost of buying new radios will hit consumers .
Tabloid newspaper Dagbladet said two-thirds of respondents in a recent survey opposed the forced switch from FM .
Other countries , including the United Kingdom , are considering whether to switch from FM to digital radio , so the success of this transition will be closely monitored .
Norway has a population of about 5.2 million people . About 70 % of homes already have DAB radios , according to Radio.no , a website backed by the country 's public broadcaster .
Rising housing costs have put the country 's lowest earners under intense financial pressure , the latest household incomes report shows .
Photo : RNZ / Claire Eastham-Farrelly
The Ministry of Social Development 's annual Household Incomes Report shows while income inequality has not increased in the past decade , people are spending more of their pay on keeping a roof over their heads .
The report said the lowest 20 percent of earners spent 54 percent of their income on housing in 2015 , compared with just 29 percent in the late 1980s .
The figures also show housing costs for all earners rose from 14 percent to 20 percent .
The report comes at the end of a week when average house prices in Auckland went over $ 1 million for the first time and New Zealand topped a global list for house price rises .
The government has put more money into emergency and social housing , but Labour argues the failure to deal with the housing crisis has made inequality worse .
Labour Party finance spokesperson Grant Robertson said the poor were paying a heavy price , when the lowest income New Zealanders were spending half their income on housing costs .
`` That 's contributing to huge housing stress and income stress for a large number of New Zealand families . ''
Social Development Minister Anne Tolley said there was no doubt it was tough for the people who have to spend more than half their earnings on housing .
They say the government has introduced measures , but if the trend continues , a lift of the accommodation supplement - a weekly payment to help with rent , board or cost of owning a home - is worth considering .
`` If [ the measures ] do n't have an effect then I think it 's something that we have to have a look at , bearing in mind it is a huge expense for the taxpayers . ''
Ms Tolley said the government was already spending about $ 2 billion a year in housing support .
Prime Minister John Key conceded homelessness was rising because high rents were putting intense pressure the poor , but said the government had responded by putting more money into emergency and social housing .
`` We just have to accept , I think , that that as those rents have risen it is putting real pressure on some people and we need to respond with better support for them . ''
Mr Key said building more houses was taking longer than expected .
The Incomes Report also monitors income inequality and finds `` no evidence of any sustained rise or fall '' in the last 20 years .
The top 1 percent of taxpayers receive about 7-9 percent of income - a figure which has held steady since the early 1990s . New Zealand ranks in the lower middle of the OECD for this statistic , similar to Australia , Spain and France , the report said .
SECUESTRADOS EN 1983
Txus Díez - Jueves , 6 de Julio de 2017 - Actualizado a las 06:10h
GASTEIZ . La Comisión Europea investiga si el Estado español violó la normativa de la UE sobre asistencia a las víctimas del terrorismo al negarse , primero el Gobierno y luego Tribunal Constitucional , a indemnizar a las familias de José Antonio Lasa y José Ignacio Zabala , torturados y asesinados por miembros de la Guardia Civil pertenecientes al GAL en 1983 . La europarlamentaria del PNV y vicepresidenta del grupo ALDE en el Legislativo comunitario Izaskun Bilbao anunció ayer que la comisaria europea de Justicia , Vera Jourova , ha atendido su petición de analizar este caso , por el que fueron condenados los guardias civiles Enrique Rodríguez Galindo , Ángel Vaquero , Enrique Dorado y Felipe Bayo ; y el gobernador civil de Gipuzkoa en aquella época Julen Elgorriaga .
Izaskun Bilbao notificó a la Comisión Europea que nunca ha quedado acreditada la pertenencia a ETA de Lasa y Zabala , y recordó en ese sentido que para denegar una indemnización a familiares de miembros de organizaciones terroristas es necesario demostrar dicha condición mediante sentencia firme , informa Europa Press . “ No cabe duda de que el asesinato de Lasa y Zabala fue un acto de terrorismo de Estado ; si el Estado quiere tener legitimidad cuando reclama , con toda la razón , verdad , justicia y reparación para los delitos de terrorismo , debería comenzar aplicándose el cuento en primera persona , y en este caso , está dando un espectáculo lamentable ” , señaló la eurodiputada jeltzale . A ese argumento de la pertenencia a ETA se agarró el Gobierno español para denegar en primera instancia las indemnizaciones , una decisión que ratificó el pasado 17 de marzo el Constitucional .
Bilbao solicitó a la Comisión Europea un análisis de lo ocurrido en función de la normativa comunitaria ya que consideraba que las decisiones del Gobierno español y del Constitucional no son coherentes con los considerandos 16 , 32 , 53 y 63 de la directiva europea 2012/29 que reconoce un catálogo de derechos mínimos de las víctimas a nivel europeo , y tampoco es compatible con los contenidos de los artículos 8 y 22 apartado 3 de dicha directiva .
Según explicó el PNV , estas disposiciones están vinculadas a “ la especial protección que merecen las víctimas que , a la vista del delito que han sufrido , necesitan especial atención y protección ” , entre las que se encuentran las víctimas del terrorismo .
La comisaria de Justicia afirma en su respuesta , señala el PNV , que “ si el análisis de la situación revela una falta de conformidad con el derecho de la Unión , la Comisión podrá adoptar las medidas necesarias , incluidos procedimientos de infracción , si procede ” .
El análisis se efectuará exclusivamente sobre “ cómo se cumplen en el caso los artículos 8 y 22 de la norma comunitaria porque la evaluación de la conformidad efectuada por la Comisión no incluye el examen de las normas nacionales a la luz de los considerandos de la Directiva , que no son jurídicamente vinculantes , y cuya finalidad es ayudar a interpretar las disposiciones del acto en cuestión ” .
La vicepresidenta del grupo ALDE en el Parlamento Europeo espera que la intervención de Bruselas “ contribuya a corregir una situación a todas luces injusta porque supone una verdadera burla y escarnio para los familiares de estas víctimas del terrorismo de Estado ” y es “ un pésimo precedente moral y ético ” que “ incumple claramente la legislación comunitaria ” .
Primeras acciones
Joxean Lasa y Joxi Lasa fueron secuestrados en Baiona en octubre de 1983 , en la que fue una de las primeras acciones de los GAL junto con el secuestro de Segundo Marey . Fueron torturados en el palacio de La Cumbre de Donostia y posteriormente trasladados a las cercanías de la localidad alicantina de Busot , donde fueron asesinados y enterrados en una fosa con cal viva para dificultar su identificación . En los siguientes cuatro años , los GAL asesinaron a más de una veintena de personas , principalmente en Iparralde .
 Defensive end Tevin Beanum is not listed on the Razorbacks ' 105-man preseason roster .
Arkansas coach Bret Bielema said the redshirt junior may rejoin the team prior to the season . They said Beanum 's absence is related to theirs not practicing with the team in the spring for a reason that has not been disclosed .
More from WholeHogSports Coach : Devwah Whaley primed to have immediate impact
`` He has a situation they need to get control of , '' Bielema said Thursday ahead of the team 's first practice of the preseason . `` It 's a very unique and individual thing with him . ''
Bielema indicated Beanum could join the team after the first day of class at the university on Aug. 22 . The Razorbacks are scheduled to open the season against Louisiana Tech on Sept. 3 .
Beanum signed with Arkansas out of Forrest City in 2013 . They played in all 13 games last season and started eight times . They finished the season with 24 tackles , 2 sacks and also had a fumble recovery .
Q & A with Xiong Lijian — CEO of LoMoStar
SiriusLMC Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 8 , 2017
Date : 9/12/17
Do you use the app ? How do you like it ?
Of course , I really like it . In fact , today I was very excited to demonstrate our app to some of my friends and show them the active users within the app .
Will we be able to convert currencies through the app ?
Yes , we will be able to convert currencies via the app and we will be updating the app this month to support the conversion of more currencies .
What is your estimated value of 1 LMC ?
This is unpredictable . Compared to many other cryptocurrencies , I believe the value of LMC is by no means worse than them .
What is LMC 's primary and secondary market ?
In recent years , digital currencies have enjoyed rapid growth in all countries around the world . We are in particular optimistic about Japan and South Korea , North America , Europe , Southeast Asia and others .
Has anyone been researching how the West can be won ?
Although we have prepared for our overseas development , we have still much to learn and are continuously studying it extensively . In the meantime , we have also welcomed people specialized in Western economies to our team in order to assist us in our endeavour of overseas expansion .
How is the progress on LMC being listed on other exchanges ?
We have contacted quite a few exchanges , but at the moment many listings are very expensive . In addition , the major exchanges are currently crowded with all kinds of cryptocurrencies queuing .
Xiong Lijian giving a talk on blockchain ran by the largest startup community in China , 创业邦 .
What will the smart contract function enable ? Will this be done on the LoMoCoin Blockchain ?
Currently we have an open-sourced Linux wallet on GitHub with the added functionality of basic smart contracts . In the meantime it does not support virtual machines like you see with Ethereum and Qtum . In fact , their virtual machine technology is flawed as can be seen with ETH recently , where in one instance 280 million USD worth of ether was lost , so we are very wary of using new untested technologies .
It enables the ability to issue mini asset backed securities , for example . This is an innovative application that comes from the idea of ​​a friend who runs a vending machine . The technical aspects of this application are not complicated , but at the moment , they face huge legal compliance challenges . Our current Chinese partner is subject to China 's current policies and we will postpone this development in China . However , this business model may be able to take off in other countries . Therefore , we welcome partners from other countries to explore a similar cooperation . If implemented , we will build on the LMC 's blockchain . However , I foresee other blockchains might develop similar features in the future .
When can we expect China to be upgraded to 2.0 and how do you feel it will affect the app ?
The OTC platforms operating in this business are currently adopting the legal structure of overseas companies . We are also building this new legal framework , but this will take some time . Our compliance team and lawyers are communicating with the regulatory authorities . We expect to upgrade to 2.0 in China in February 2018 . This will probably be a simplified version compared to the overseas version .
When will we get a new explorer ? The one we currently have is not very good .
Yes it is a bit crude , mainly because the team is involved with a lot of other development tasks , so the explorer is not yet optimized . This browser is based on an open-source software . If there are programmers in our volunteer community , please help us to find a better open-source software or help us to develop a new browser . We are willing to pay LMC for this .
Can we please have some proof that this a real company ? A video tour would be great or a short video of each core member describing their role of the company ?
Thank you for your suggestion . We will make a video about our team . In addition , we were part of a documentary filmed in October which is expected to be released in January and it will feature our team 's workplaces .
Can you tell us how XStar will help with the growth of LMC ?
XStar is a trading platform that I and some other friends in the Chinese community have set up , not only to provide liquidity to LMC , but also because we are optimistic about the future of the blockchain industry . LoMoStar and XStar will be mutually reinforcing each other . Moreover , XStar is a trading platform that will provide a different and larger trading experience , which is not exactly the same as that of LoMoStar . This is what we have discovered in the Chinese market . Also , from a perspective of marketing theory , different needs of user groups can be mutually relocated . Therefore , LoMoStar and XStar may adopt different approaches and strategies when they are promoted in various countries . In any case , if LoMoStar first enters a country , it can help XStar ; if XStar first enters a country , likewise , it can in turn help LoMoStar .
How is the decentralised exchange realised ? Is it XStar ?
Decentralized exchange relies on smart contracts , but as we mentioned earlier , our view of smart contract technology is relatively conservative . We think smart contract technology is a big innovation , but all the current blockchains in the world are not mature enough in this regard . There are still some risks involved .
Can you explain what the decentralised exchange will do ?
There are two types of OTC transactions , one is secured by LoMoStar 's centralised system to guarantee the transaction ; the other will be the DEX model .
We are currently researching on cross-chain currency exchange based on smart contracts on our blockchain . In the future , DEX will be able to exchange many currencies . This area of research is a very popular topic at the moment , including Polkadot who lost a large number of ETH some time ago .
What is the purpose of the OTC feature ? How will it work ?
The OTC function is essentially a guaranteed transaction . It will be valuable to the follow demographics :
Users who are not able to access exchanges , such as the current Chinese users and users in underdeveloped areas . Users who require a small transaction value . BTC , for instance , is now too expensive with a high transaction fee . This is not suitable for small payments , especially in some underdeveloped areas . By using the app , they can perform OTC exchanges securely and trade with others . Following airdrops and ICOs and before these new currencies are released on exchanges , LoMoStar will allow users to still make use of it . Some users might want cash in quickly , some users might want to share , and this will allow users to start trading immediately .
Xiong Lijian introducing LoMoStar to the audience this month at a blockchain convention ran by the largest startup company of China , 创业邦 .
What is the value of our blockchain . Why did you create your own blockchain ? Why not use another blockchain ?
Speaking of the real application of BTC , it is currently mostly used for money laundering , payment in gray , black industries , large cross-border payments , and store of value , right ? ETH , because of the invention of smart contracts , can develop a lot of DAPP 's . Nevertheless , it is still lacking with regard to handling large numbers of users . I am afraid that CryptoKitties in recent days showed how the ETH network can be overloaded easily at the present moment . Why is this happening you may ask ? Because the whole blockchain technology industry is not yet mature enough . Because of its current performance and other issues , the various blockchain can not really handle large-scale commercial applications . As for LTC , I do n't see what it is really used for . There are so many digital currencies in the world right now , but most are still speculation in the air . Then after more than a year of operation and trial and error in China , we found that the demand for small , socially-owned digital currencies is actually broader . Therefore , at this stage , LMC is mainly exploring new modes of monetary socialization . In the future , we will upgrade and optimize technically at the level of our blockchain to explore applications including mini asset-backed securities and the Internet of Things .
We all know that when one currency is being used more people will get involved and the value increases . Similar to BTC and ETH , most currencies are only used for trading on exchanges at the moment with no business use cases at all . I believe LMC will succeed because of this .
What kind of advantages will LMC have within the application in comparison to BTC/ETH/LTC , etc. ? This is still unclear .
This can , for instance , be when ICO projects are promoted and only LMC holders will be able to participate . More than 10 projects have recently already discovered the value of LoMoStar and hope to promote and even accept LMC as an investment . We choose projects very selectively and they are still under review .
Screenshots from the LoMoStar app portraying the successful CFun airdrop from December 8th with over 1400 members ( and still growing ) within their group in only one day .
What do you think about the CryptoKitties project ? Do you think something like this can also be integrated within our app ? If so , do you want Sirius to help ?
Haha , CryptoKitties is a great idea and their success is really surprising and intriguing . If Sirius can do this , I would be very happy !
Will a new wallet be released soon for people to stake their coins ? The current one is bad .
Yes , we are developing a new wallet that will replace the current QT version . This is a new all-node wallet software , suitable for Windows , Mac and Linux . As LoMoStar 's recent promotion and new feature development time is tight , it has diverted some resources from the wallet development . We will evaluate how the development is progressing and provide you with a timeline .
Can you update the roadmap with clear goals and expected timeframe ( in terms of quarters ) ?
Sure , we will update the roadmap to increase transparency .
How will you be able to attract businesses in other countries ? Do you think this will be hard in unfamiliar territory ?
Yes , it is very hard . So , let us start with the promotion of the digital currency community and attract more users to join , in order to attract the attention of potential business partners in various countries , and then explore cooperation with these partners . We can start with partners in the digital currency industry that are speaking a more common language with each other . When there are more users , it may be easier for us to expand offline business cooperation .
How can we protect our investments and our character from negative press ?
Give positive responses to negative comments . We have been developing in China for more than a year and have encountered a lot of slander and negative comments , but we insist on walking our own true path . With more people , a bigger community , more communication and more transparency . Performing our planned work seriously , having more rigorous management , reaching the promises we have given . Let everyone 's investment be more robust with the developments we make within the blockchain industry , and create profits .
PS : LMC 's decline yesterday , in addition to the negative slander on social media , was because of the rise of Bitcoin . The capital is fleeing all altcoins into Bitcoin and most other currencies have dropped similarly .
Xiong Lijian : My English reading is OK , but speaking and writing is difficult . In the future I will practice more and I hope we can communicate with you directly afterwards by voice or video . I will work hard ! I will work hard not only for LMC , but also to learn English well . Thanks for all my friends . Thank you for your time , I appreciate it very much .
Some of the LoMoStar team members with Xiong Lijian .
Q & A # 1–24/11/17 : with CMO Taoji Zou : https : //hackernoon.com/answers-by-zou-taoji-cmo-of-lomostar-98c870cd94c5
Sirius : If you like to join our Q & A sessions , please visit the official LoMo Telegram channel : https : //t.me/lomocoin .
Follow us on :
Prior to the turn of the 20th century mental health disorders were n't viewed as something that belongs to the medical domain . Then came the work of Sigmund Freud , Carl Jung , and other notable psychiatrists . This triggered what some call the modern era of mental health . As a result of this paradigm shift , mental health conditions came to be viewed as a part of the spectrum of medical conditions .
With this view of mental health conditions came the application of the standardized medical model which includes :
Observation : The collecting of pertinent information regarding the bio/psycho/social aspects of the patient . Assessment : A review of observations , including interviews and testing results in a collection of data . Diagnosis : Based upon the data collected a systematic process the most appropriate diagnosis is made . Treatment : Usually driven by diagnosis , treatment for the condition is introduced .
As treatment begins , typically one of the most common questions asked by a client is , “ What do I have Doc ? ” For many the answer comes quickly and often easily . Others can present as a moving target , making it difficult to establish a diagnosis .
On a more cautionary note , it must also be acknowledged that there are mental health professionals who prefer not to communicate the diagnosis to clients . For some it is viewed as labeling the client and depersonalizing them to being a symptom rather than a person . They feel that applying standardized medical model of doctor-patient relationship to mental health conditions is detrimental for therapeutic effects . That is why mental health patients most often called “ clients ” . Whether you agree or not the diagnostics remain a critical part of treatment , whether it 's communicated to clients or not .
Why is a Diagnosis Important ?
If you fell and broke an arm you would expect more from your doctor than a simple response to your explanation of what happened then , “ Sounds like you sprained a muscle . Just apply some hot packs for a couple of days and it will be fine. ” No , you would expect them or them to follow the above medical model protocol .
As with any condition several factors are impacted by a diagnosis . These include more than the prescribed treatment for the condition . It also points the treating professional to available options , recommended treatments , tests , certain preferred medications , the need for a specialist , probable prognosis , need for hospitalization , and billing for services .
The Tools of the Trade
When making a mental health diagnoses , the treating professional has a whole bag of tools available . An experienced practitioner will begin with a sense of your presentation formed by their observations . Depending on the complexity of your situation they may consult with peers and specialist , conduct additional personal research , and make use of the bible of mental health treatment , the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , fifth edition ( DSM-5 ) .
For most practitioners use of the DSM-5 is the backbone of their diagnostic work . Periodically updated the DSM series is a collection of clinical and research based data filtered through panels of experts . The goal is to provide a reference document for professionals . This 947-page book contains all of the accepted mental health diagnoses , a list of symptoms for each one , a history and overview of the condition , and related conditions . There also are several decision making tools to assist in making the best diagnosis .
The DSM-5 also serves as the “ gold standard ” for the U. S. Government , state funding agencies and all insurance companies for qualifying for reimbursement .
Diagnosing : Science or Art ?
One of the most misunderstood activities in medicine is clearly identifying the problem . Most patients simply trust their medical professional with having the right opinion about a condition . Unfortunately , in many situations coming up with the “ right ” diagnosis is n't always easy . Based on volumes of collected data , experiences , and the use of science some specialty areas have a reasonably clear path to making the right decision . Others do not .
More than in any other field of medical specialty making a correct mental health diagnosis can be as much an art as a science . Intuition , experience , and observations are the primary resources available . To further complicate things , over time new information and additional observations can require a change of diagnosis .
Diagnostically Driven Treatment Planning
The current model of delivery of mental health services in the U.S. calls for the development and implementation of a diagnostically driven treatment plan . Below are the broad DSM-5 classifications of mental illnesses :
Anxiety Disorders
Bipolar and Related Disorders
Depressive Disorders
Disruptive , Impulse-Control , and Conduct Disorders
Feeding and Eating Disorders
Neurocognitive Disorders
Neurodevelopmental Disorders
Obsessive-Compulsive and Related Disorders
Personality Disorders
Schizophrenia Spectrum and Other Psychotic Disorders
Sexual Dysfunctions
Sleep-Wake Disorders
Somatic Symptom and Related Disorders
Substance-Related and Addictive Disorders
Trauma- and Stressor-Related Disorders
Within each of the above headings are specific diagnoses included in the category . For example , under the heading of depressive disorders are eight separate types of depression . Within Bipolar and related disorders are seven forms of Bipolar .
Each diagnosis takes into account several unique features present . Areas such as psychotic features , age , what if any , social/cultural Influences can affect the condition , and other general medical conditions that may contribute .
Another factor contributing to a mental health diagnosis being more art than science is how often treating professionals disagree among themselves over a diagnosis . What one sees as major depression another might view it as a bipolar condition .
Other Considerations
So what ? Having a working diagnosis comes with its own set of unique treatment approaches . While most often minor there can be significant treatment repercussions if a therapist is not aware of the proper diagnosis . Treating someone for depression and finding your client swinging into a manic phase of a bipolar condition can be troublesome .
This same principle holds true if medications are prescribed . In the pharmacological world of today more and more drugs are symptom specific . If a client is experiencing psychotic symptoms and the therapist is unaware of it , this can lead to major misunderstandings about the behavior of the client .
Providing the best data available and translating that data into an accurate diagnosis can be the key to giving a client the tools to live a more meaningful life .
Image : https : //www.flickr.com/photos/29468339 @ N02/3033567351
( Visited 825 time , 1 visit today )
Story highlights The estimate represents a sharp increase over recent numbers provided by the US
This uptick in fighting in Mosul could be one reason for the new body count estimate
Washington ( CNN ) The US Special Operations head said Tuesday that the US and its allies had eliminated more than 60,000 ISIS fighters .
`` We have killed over 60,000 , '' Gen. Raymond `` Tony '' Thomas , commander of US Special Operations command , told a symposium Maryland .
Thomas oversees America 's elite Special Operations troops , including Navy SEALs and Army Green Berets , which have played a large role in combating the terror organization , including raids against key leaders .
Their estimate represents a sharp increase over recent numbers provided by the US and its allies .
A senior US military official told CNN in December that as many as 50,000 ISIS fighters had been killed , calling that figure a conservative estimate .
Read More
Construction work is ongoing in New Jersey © Sutton Images Enlarge
Organisers of the Grand Prix of America are hoping to put on a show akin to the NFL 's Super Bowl when next year 's race takes place in New Jersey .
The 3.2-mile circuit will be built in the districts of Weehawken and West New York with the Manhattan skyline as a backdrop . Chief Operations Officer Dennis Robinson is hoping the size and scale of the event will rival the biggest sporting events in the USA .
`` The scope is huge , '' Robinson said . `` This is like a three-day Super Bowl weekend , but with more people . The 2014 Super Bowl will host 80,000 people . Here in New Jersey , we 're going to have more than 100,000 for the race . From an operations standpoint , it is huge and significantly larger than most events that we 've had in this country . ''
Bernie Ecclestone has expressed doubts over whether the circuit will be ready in time , and while Robinson accepts the project is on a tight schedule , they are confident it will be delivered on time .
`` You assume you 're late , '' they said . `` It 's instantaneous decision-making , high expectations for vendors to turn things around quickly , holding people to due dates and taking every advantage to cut time out of the process . We have to move every decision toward a quicker resolution and find a way to do it faster , better , smarter . ''
And they said building a circuit on the side of a cliff also brings its own challenges .
`` Instead of building a facility where we design it to our specific operational needs , here it 's just the opposite , '' Robinson added . `` We have to figure out how to make the best of an existing infrastructure and environmental conditions that we ca n't control or modify . We have constraints we would n't have in a fixed facility . We ca n't move the cliff . We ca n't move the waterway . So we have to be creative . ''
The inaugural race is planned for June 2013 , although next year 's calendar has not yet been published .
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
In their recent speech to the U.S. Congress Pope Francis declared that “ the common good is the chief aim of all politics ” and that “ freedom requires love of the common good. ” Legislation is “ always based on care for the public , ” the pontiff pontificated . Only a naïve child could believe such a thing .
The pope said these things in the context of imploring the Congress to adopt some kind of Soviet-style central planning of the economy in the name of “ fighting global warming , ” while simultaneously exploding American welfare state spending by extending welfare benefits to all welfare parasites from every Third World nation on the planet . Thus , if “ Catholic social teaching ” stands for anything these days , it stands for international socialism and egalitarianism gone wild .
Liberalism ( Lib Works ... Ludwig von Mises Best Price : $ 4.50 Buy New $ 12.46 ( as of 02:40 EST - Details ) In the context of politics there is no such thing as “ the common good , ” for such a concept implies unanimity and politics is never unanimous , especially in a country of over 300 million people . Moreover , if everyone agrees on a course of action , then there is no need for government to coerce us into doing it . There is no need for government at all in such instances .
As Ludwig von Mises pointed out in their book , Liberalism , the only sense in which “ the common good ” or “ the public interest ” makes any sense is in the case were property rights are well protected . Secure property rights , wrote Mises , is the shortest road to peace and prosperity . All legislation , however , is an attack on property rights because it invariably involves the placement of widely-dispersed burden on the majority for the benefit of a well-organized minority or special interest . All legislation is the result of rent- or plunder-seeking by special-interest groups or by the state itself in order to expand its powers and budgets . As such , all politics is the mortal enemy of anything that can be construed as “ the common good , ” exactly the opposite of the pope 's declarations .
Politics is the ultimate “ robbing Peter to pay Paul ” scam . Peter , the hapless taxpayer , is effectively blindfolded so that they can be robbed for the benefit of Paul , the greedy special interest who kicks back some of the loot to their political patrons in the form of votes and “ campaign contributions. ” Peter is “ blindfolded ” by the tricks of deficit spending and money printing , which hide the true costs of government , as well as the concentrated benefits/dispersed costs gambit whereby a small tax is imposed on the many to finance large benefits for the few and well connected .
Politics is thus never based on “ care for the public , ” as the pope said . It is based on the self-interest of politicians . Their “ chief aim ” is not “ the common good , ” but keeping their jobs and expanding their pay , perks , and powers , the public be damned . The Real Lincoln : A Ne ... Thomas J. Dilorenzo Best Price : $ 1.46 Buy New $ 8.01 ( as of 09:30 EST - Details )
The rhetoric of “ the common good ” began with the French philosopher Rousseau , the intellectual godfather of communism and hater of private property . The common good , said Rousseau , is something that is known to an elite in society . This special knowledge supposedly gives them the right to impose their will on all others . The communists certainly took this idea to an extreme , slaughtering tens of millions of dissenters , but all statists , including Pope Francis , rely on the same rhetoric . They rely on repetition , obfuscation , and rhetorical game playing instead of terror and mass murder to get the public to acquiesce in their plans for international socialism with themselves , the world elite , in charge .
When socialism collapsed once and for all in the Soviet empire and elsewhere in the late 1980s/early 1990s socialist intellectuals did not just throw in the towel . Many of them took the advice of the socialist/environmentalist guru Barry Commoner , who wrote in The New Yorker magazine that socialists should no longer advocate central planning in the name of helping “ the people. ” People Schmeople . It should be sold , said Commoner , in the name of “ saving the planet ” from capitalism . Thus , the “ watermelons ” were born – green on the outside , red on the inside . The pope is a recent convert to watermelon socialism with their embrace of the “ global warming ” hysterics ' agenda . Religious figures like themselves were always looked upon by Machiavellians like Commoner as useful idiots , to borrow the phrase from Stalin . They send the message that socialist central planning is somehow God 's will – as though humans can know what is in God 's mind .
Alien Nation : Common S ... Peter Brimelow Check Amazon for Pricing . If American welfare spending explodes by extending benefits to millions of new Third World peasant immigrants , the Catholic Church stands to make a killing . Catholic Charities receives more than half of all of its revenue from government grants . As a recipient of these grants , it is forbidden from teaching Catholicism to the beneficiaries of its “ charity. ” It is a welfare state conduit , which goes a long way toward explaining the pope 's wild enthusiasm for Third World immigrants . It is the same agenda , in fact , of Ted Kennedy , the author of the 1965 federal immigration law that greatly reduced immigration quotas from Northern Europe while opening up the flood gates of Third World immigrants who Kennedy knew would be reliable Democratic voters/welfare parasites ( See Peter Brimelow , Alien Nation ) .
If the Congress were to adopt the pope 's agenda of socialist central planning in the name of “ saving the planet , ” coupled with the internationalization of the American welfare state , it would be charting a course to become a Third World country . At that point the socialist intellectuals –and perhaps even a future pope – would inevitably blame it all on “ capitalism . ”
The Best of Thomas DiLorenzo
Five very popular players with their respective fan bases are the new men in at Chelsea , Manchester United , Swansea City and Arsenal . Only one of these players played in the Barclays Premier League a year ago – Robin Van Persie – while the other four have each made an instant impact upon their arrival in England . Based on their Premier League statistics through three fixtures , we examine their current pace and take a look at last seasons stats for each club to determine if these hot starts can possibly continue throughout the whole 2012-13 campaign .
A year ago the Chelsea front line featured Juan Mata and a rotation of Didier Drogba , Daniel Sturridge and Fernando Torres . Drogba has departed and Nando Torres has cemented their role as starter , leaving England international Sturridge as a substitute . The third member of the current front line is Roberto Di Mateo 's summer signing and instant impact player – Belgian playmaker Eden Hazard . Hazard has generated four assists ( remember : we are using Opta stats ) from their eight chances created .
Eden Hazard
The Belgium international has created 100 % of their chances from open play , though they have also earned penalties – and converted one themselves – that sees their ‘ traditional ' assists tally sit at six . We will discuss the raw number of chances created below – in a section discussing Arsenal 's Santi Cazorla – but , suffice to say , Hazard 's chance created pace and goals scored pace are sustainable across a season in the EPL . They are on pace to create 101 chances and the 100-chance plateau has been breached before . 100 or more chances were created by both David Silva ( 104 ) and Juan Mata ( 102 ) a season ago , by Florent Malouda ( 117 ) in 2010-11 and by Frank Lampard ( 114 ) in 2009-10 . What is rather unsustainable is the volume of goals being created by Hazard 's chances .
The best case scenario would be for Hazard to continue to provide a number of chances and return an assist per every eight chances . Certainly , there are a number of players who saw more of their work end in goals scored ( Aaron Lennon in 2009-10 had a particularly good season in that regard ) but with the volume of chances likely to be created by young Hazard , Juan Mata 's season of a year ago is the benchmark . Hazard could well end the season with 15 or more assists , but to speculate on more than that would be unsupported by the evidence at our disposal .
As Roberto Di Matteo strengthened their side following a Champions League victory , Sir Alex Ferguson strengthened their side after failing to retain the Premier League trophy . They have brought in Shinji Kagawa and Robin Van Persie to bolster an attack that scored 89 times and still lost the title on goal differential . Last season 's Golden Boot winner , Van Persie , scored on their first shot for United . In the same match , Shinji Kagawa got off the mark with a 35′ strike in United 's 3-2 win over Fulham 25 August .
Robin van Persie
We 're going to focus this paragraph on Van Persie . While Kagawa 's accomplishments are notable , the presence of many other elite midfielders makes forecasting playing time difficult and without playing time certainty , it is increasingly difficult to determine a players long-term goal-scoring impact . Certainly , we know what Van Persie can accomplish , having posted one of the most memorable seasons in recent memory . For more on that season , please read : Robin van Persie | The Best of the Best | Opta Stats by Cooper .
Within Sir Alex Ferguson 's system , employed over the past few EPL seasons , there is a primary goal-scorer and a number of secondary options . For the past three seasons that responsibility has fallen on currently absent players : Wayne Rooney ( thigh injury ) and Dimitar Berbatov ( Fulham ) . In their stead , the Dutch sniper has shined , extending their exceptional scoring record with four goals in two fixtures for the Red Devils , including a spectacular hat-trick to clinch three points against Southampton .
The best comparison for Van Persie 's 2011-12 campaign is actually Rooney 's 11-12 campaign for United . The two players posted nearly identical accuracy tallies – Van Persie 58.2 % , Rooney 58.3 % – while each took a shot on target better than once a half . The key difference was Van Persie 's ability to stay on the pitch , a trait which they are again displaying this season . While Rooney was dropped to the bench after a lackluster performance in the opening fixture , and has since suffered a dangerous gash to their leg , Van Persie has been on the field for 202′ of the 288′ that United have played in the Premier League this term . They have been outstanding , taking 12 shots , of which six were on target , and scoring four goals . Van Persie has already shown they are capable of putting shots on target and we can expect that their current 50 % accuracy will remain steady , or perhaps improve . Their four goals give them one goal every 50.50 minutes , a statistic that is likely unsustainable over a full season . However , they have shown that they can both record quality shots on goal and score a high percentage of their shots . If we concede that Van Perise plays a full season with United uninhibited by injuries , there is no reason that they can not reach or exceed their 30 goal haul of last season .
Shinji Kagawa
United 's other impact signing , Shinji Kagawa , has been excellent distributing the ball . The Japan international fits well in SAF 's side and has already played 219′ . The attacking midfielder has completed 90 % or more of their passes in each of their first three EPL fixtures : completing 68/75 – 91 % vs. Everton ; 44/49 – 90 % vs. Fulham ; 39/43 – 91 % vs. Southampton . Last season , only three Manchester United midfielders completed 90 % or better of their passes , minimum 300 passes attempted . Tom Cleverley completed 279/303 – 91 % while both Michael Carrick ( 1975/2192 ) and Darren Fletcher ( 428/476 ) completed 90 % . Recently departed , Ji-Sung Park completed 434/485 – 89 % . Kagawa 's distribution has led to scoring opportunities for United . They have created five chances , all in open play , though they are not credited with an assist by Opta yet this season . Kagawa 's direct competition for playing time , Luis Nani and Ashley Young , were not as proficient with the ball at their feet a year ago . Nani completed only 841/1049 – 80 % of their passes and Young was better but attempted far fewer total passes completing 615/734 – 84 % .
In one other regard , Kagawa is making an impact on the level of Nani and Young . This season the 23-year-old has attempted four dribbles , leaving them on pace for 50 dribble attempts . In addition , they are completing 75 % of their attempts . In the 2011-12 season , Ashley Young completed 18/37 dribbles and Nani led Manchester United with 53 successful dribbles in 79 attempts . Clearly , Kagawa is not on pace to match Nani 's volume of dribble attempts but , in completing 3/4 of their attempts , they are showing the skill necessary to complete a high percentage of their dribbles in the Premier League .
Michu
One player making their presence felt despite a less than spectacular passing record is Swansea City 's Michu – 107/130 , 82 % completed . Michael Laudrup took the reigns following Brendan Rodgers defection to Anfield and watched as Joe Allen ( Liverpool ) and Scott Sinclair ( Manchester City ) followed their old manager out the door . However , a pair of new signings – Michu and Pablo Hernández – have arrived to replace the lost production with the former making a staggering impact in the early fixtures . Miguel Pérez Cuesta has taken seven shots through three fixtures . They have put four of those seven on target and scored on all four of their on-target shots . Their four goals are joint best in the Prem with Manchester United 's Robin Van Perise and Michu is one of only two players – Carlos Tevez – to score in each of their sides first three games this season .
One statistic that could provide a glimpse into Michu 's success is their ability to find clear-cut chances . Through three games , they have had two clear-cut chances and scored on one of those attempts . While their overall goal scoring form is clearly unsustainable over a full season , their ability to be ‘ in the right place ' may be . Last season there were six players in the Premier League who had more than 25 clear-cut chances on the season ; Michu is currently on pace for 25 . While Van Persie ( 46 ) , Adebayor ( 41 ) , Rooney ( 33 ) , Aguero ( 31 ) and Suarez ( 28 ) are names most would expect to see on that list , the sixth name – Yakubu Aiyegbeni ( 28 ) – in not . Playing for a side that was relegated , Yakubu managed to be ‘ in the right place ' a number of times and their goal-scoring directly benefited as they converted 15 of 17 goals in such fashion . This season Swansea has created five clear-cut chances , with Michu the only player to score from such a chance . Wayne Routledge , Nathan Dyer and Danny Graham have each squandered their only clear-cut chance this term . Should Michu continue to be the main beneficiary of such chances , they could be in line for a similar season to Yakubu 's 2011-12 campaign .
A season ago , Swansea City created 58 clear-cut chances and the team as a whole scored on just 23 of them . Danny Graham , by far the greatest benefactor of clear-cut chances , scored seven goals on such chances and failed to score on a further 15 . The recently departed Sinclair was second on the team , and the only player beside Graham to receive more than four , with five goals scored on clear-cut chances out of 14 such chances . Clearly , there has been a change in the team as Laudrup make imparts their tactics but the team should remain capable of creating at least as many chances as they did a season ago . If Michu can continue to find themselves in the right place , they could find themselves top the Swans scoring table at the end of the season and provide a much-needed second scoring option for a team that was largely reliant on Danny Graham a year ago .
Santi Cazorla
Without equaling the scoring exploits of Michu , Santi Cazorla has made their presence known in each of Arsenal 's opening three fixtures . The midfielder has been the leading creative force , providing an edge to an attack that is largely controlled by Mikel Arteta ( Pass Comp 268/288 – 93 % ) . Through three matches , Cazorla is third in the Premier League in chances created ( 12 ) and their minutes per chance created ( 1 every 21:45 ) rates them fifth among those with five or more chances created this season . In this role , Cazorla is replacing the production of the departed Robin van Persie . Over the 2011-12 season , Robin van Persie created 96 chances , or one chance every 36:15′ , to lead the Gunners .
What is interesting about Cazorla 's current production is that it could prove to be sustainable over an entire season . Typically , when we compare statistics from Van Persie 's impressive 2011-12 campaign , the pace set by the Dutch play-maker are nearly impossibly to predict for another player . However , both Juan Mata ( one chance every 24:48 ) and David Silva ( one chance every 27:06 ) posted statistics close to Cazorla 's current pace while playing a position similar to that which Cazorla occupies in Wenger 's offense .
Interestingly , Cazorla 's current pace would have them creating 152 chances over a full 38 game seasons . It is unlikely that the Spaniard plays the full slate of Barclays Premier League fixtures , but a 152 chance season would almost certainly be out of reach regardless . Since 2009-10 , only David Silva has broken the century mark for a non-Chelsea side . Frank Lampard set the mark over the past four years , creating 134 in 2008-09 . Assuming that Cazorla continues to earn the bulk of playing time in the attacking midfield role , there is every reason for Gunner 's fans to expect that Santi can equal or surpass Van Persie 's chances created ( 96 ) and break the 100 chance created mark .
So , with those statistics , which player is making the biggest impact so far this season ? Who is set to make the biggest impact over the course of the season ? And , which new players have the potential to post impact seasons for their new clubs ? Leave your suggestions in the comments .
1 . Yoda - With Boba being in the next starter set Yoda remains the last of the great characters that has n't made an appearance and it will be interesting to see what abilities they give him . I would like to see them strong enough to run solo like Emperor Palpatine as Yoda is the only character from the heroes that could deserve that treatment since they already released Mace Windu and did n't make them a superpower .
2 . Rancor - As I mentioned with Yoda the game only has one single character deck and I think some variety there could be interesting . Maybe a character where you ca n't remove their dice which is the Achilles heel of a Palpatine deck . I think with Rancor they could have crazy dice but they ca n't wield weapons or something like that . It would be a unique deck for people to crash into .
In 1995 , movie director James Cameron began pre-production on their latest film , which at the time had the largest movie budget of all time with $ 200 million . Any Hollywood actor would have been thrilled to accept a role in the monster blockbuster-in-the-making , Titanic , but that 's not to assume all country stars would , as well .
Did you know Reba McEntire was Cameron 's initial choice to portray Molly Brown , a historically real character ? Dubbed the `` unsinkable Molly Brown '' by historians because of their efforts in commandeering Lifeboat 6 , the role of Brown was turned down by McEntire due to scheduling conflicts with other films . Academy Award-winning actor Kathy Bates was offered the role instead , and they accepted .
It 's hard not to imagine how McEntire 's film career would have benefited from the maximum exposure of being associated with one of the biggest blockbusters of all time , but that does n't mean the feisty redhead 's career suffered in the least . McEntire later teamed up with Bates for the massively-popular animated movie 'Charlotte 's Web , ' which grossed more than $ 145 million in the box office . McEntire voiced the character of Betsy the cow .
McEntire also went on to a long career on the small screen as the star of 'Reba , ' and also starred in 'Malibu Country . '
Best Reba McEntire Pictures Through the Years :
Wall Street celebrates record profits
18 January 2011
JPMorgan Chase 's profit report for 2010 , released Friday , has become the occasion for a celebration by the American plutocracy of the return of the good old days before the Wall Street crash of 2008 . Jamie Dimon , JPMorgan 's CEO , summed up the general mood of the financial elite when they declared the bank 's record profits to be evidence of a “ broad-based economic recovery , ” adding , “ I think the future is extremely bright . ”
The very fact that Dimon can speak this way in the midst of the worst social crisis since the Great Depression without any repercussions from the government or the media is an expression of the immensity of the chasm separating the modern-day aristocrats from the people .
Such remarks—under conditions where the official unemployment rate is hovering around 10 percent , hunger and poverty are soaring , record numbers of homes are being seized by the banks , household wealth is being devastated by the collapse in home values , wages are declining , and school closures and cuts in social services are spreading across the country—could come only from someone secure in knowledge that the Obama administration , both political parties , Congress and all of the other official institutions are securely in their pocket .
JPMorgan 's announcement kicked off a week of earnings reports that is expected to show that 2010 was a record-setting year for America 's banks and corporations .
The banking giant reported a 48 percent increase in profits over 2009 and a 47 percent increase for the fourth quarter of 2010 over the same period the previous year . JPMorgan netted a profit for the year of $ 17.4 billion , a figure equivalent to the gross domestic product of Bolivia . Its fourth quarter performance lifted the stocks of the other major banks , including Bank of America , Citigroup and Wells Fargo , which are slated to release their 2010 results this week .
The New York Times reported , “ Across the company , bankers expect to reap the benefits ” of “ the most profitable year in the history of JPMorgan. ” Out of more than $ 102 billion in revenue , some $ 28.1 billion has been set aside to compensate employees , “ much of which will be paid out as bonuses. ” Employees in JPMorgan 's investment banking wing are taking home an average of nearly $ 370,000 for 2010 , while top executives “ can still expect to collect multi-million-dollar bonus checks . ”
The profit windfall in the financial sector is part of a broader surge in US corporate profits , which analysts estimate rose 27.1 percent in the fourth quarter , nearly triple the median profit growth since 1988 . This comes on the heels of record-setting year-over-year profit increases ( 37 percent , 51 percent and 92 percent ) reported for the first three quarters of 2010 .
For the broad mass of the population , there are records of a different sort . The official unemployment rate has been higher than 9 percent for 20 straight months , the longest such span since the Great Depression . Home prices have fallen by 26 percent since June of 2006 , breaking the record 25.9 percent decline that took place in the Depression between 1928 and 1933 . Household wealth has fallen precipitously and the official poverty rate is as high as it was in the mid-1960s .
From day one , the policy of the Obama administration has been to utilize the economic crisis to effect a vast restructuring of class relations in favor of the financial elite . While ruling out any serious measures to put the unemployed to work , Obama has overseen the funneling of trillions of dollars to the banks , intervened to block legislation limiting bonuses at banks bailed out with taxpayer funds , and given the signal for a campaign of wage cutting across the country by imposing a 50 percent wage reduction on newly hired autoworkers as part of the government bailout of General Motors and Chrysler .
The administration has refused to provide significant aid to states and localities facing gaping budget deficits as a result of the recession , tacitly supporting cuts in jobs , wages and pensions for teachers and other public employees and crippling cuts in social services .
The Federal Reserve Board has kept interest rates at near-zero and electronically printed hundreds of billions of dollars in order to provide the corporations with virtually free credit and boost corporate profits and the stock market . Since March of 2009 , US stock indexes have climbed by nearly 80 percent . Corporate America has amassed a multi-trillion-dollar cash hoard as a result of government subsidies and its own cost-cutting drive , while refusing—without encountering any opposition from the government—to use its mountain of cash to hire workers and expand basic production .
The policies of the government have enabled the major banks to tighten their stranglehold over the economy . According to data from the Federal Reserve , just five banks—Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup , Wells Fargo and Goldman Sachs—now control $ 8.6 trillion in assets , or 13.3 percent of all financial firms ' holdings . The three largest commercial banks by themselves control 33 percent of all US deposits and over half of all home mortgage originations .
In their book Overhaul , Steven Rattner , the Wall Street insider selected by Obama to head their Auto Task Force , bluntly acknowledges the manipulation of the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009 . “ More than once , I would think of [ White House Chief of Staff ] Rahm Emanuel saying , ‘ Never let a good crisis go to waste , ' as we used the growing economic catastrophe to achieve changes and sacrifices that would have been impossible in another environment , ” they write .
The attack on the working class is about to be intensified . Obama 's right-wing policies resulted in an electoral debacle for the Democratic Party in the November elections , with tens of millions of youth and working class voters who cast ballots for Obama in 2008 staying away from the polls . The response of the administration has been to shift further to the right and , in the name of bipartisanship , pursue its pro-corporate policy even more brazenly .
Hardly had the votes been counted when Obama 's National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform proposed cuts in Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid , layoffs and pay cuts for government workers , and new taxes on consumer goods and employee health insurance—coupled with a drastic cut in corporate taxes and income taxes for the rich .
Obama then shepherded through the Democratic-controlled 111th Congress a tax package that extended Bush-era income tax cuts for the richest Americans and drastically reduced the tax rate on the estates of multimillionaires . The White House has further signaled its readiness to carry through the corporate agenda by installing former Clinton administration commerce secretary and JPMorgan Chase executive William Daley as their new chief of staff .
The breakdown of the capitalist system is bringing to the surface ever more clearly the fundamental class divisions within society . Nowhere is the gulf between the ruling elite and the masses of working people more stark than in the US . There is barely a pretense of concern by the Obama administration , Congress , the corporate establishment or the media over the suffering of the unemployed and the destruction of future prospects for an entire generation of working class and many middle-class youths .
The Obama administration testifies to the bankruptcy of all claims that reforms can be extracted by putting pressure on the Democratic Party . As for the unions , throughout the crisis they have functioned more openly than ever as adjuncts of the corporations and government , redoubling their efforts to suppress the resistance of working people to the attacks on their living standards . The undisguised insolence and indifference of the financial aristocracy is itself a harbinger of the immense social struggles that are coming . The critical question is the development of the revolutionary leadership and perspective necessary to unite the working class and mobilize it for the overthrow of the profit system and establishment of socialism .
The Socialist Equality Party is holding a series of public conferences in April to discuss the fight for socialism today . We urge all those who see the need for this struggle to register for the conferences and make plans to attend .
Tom Eley
Tom Eley
( UPDATED ) Eduard Folayang hands Aoki their first defeat in 4 years with a third-round technical knockout
Published 11:29 PM , November 11 , 2016
SINGAPORE ( UPDATED ) – Eduard Folayang 's long journey to the Promised Land has finally reached an epic conclusion as the Filipino fighter is now a world champion in mixed martial arts ( MMA ) .
Folayang , who is widely regarded as the face of the Philippine MMA scene , defeated elite Japanese combatant Shinya Aoki to capture the ONE Championship lightweight belt in the headliner of the organization 's “ Defending Honor ” on Friday , November 11 at the packed Singapore Indoor Stadium in Singapore .
The 32-year-old Baguio city native handed Aoki their first defeat in 4 years with a third-round technical knockout .
Joining the elite class of homegrown Filipino world champions in MMA , Folayang aced the biggest test of their illustrious 9-year professional career at the 0:44 mark of the third round .
Folayang had the perfect game plan that they eventually executed in the second and third frames of the lightweight championship clash , but they had to squeeze themselves through the eye of a needle to survive the opening salvo as Aoki was able to lure their Filipino opponent into their suffocating wheelhouse .
Aoki effortlessly took down Folayang thrice in the first period and fished for a submission finish with a rear-naked choke .
However , Folayang 's patience and composure paid dividends as they managed to escape twice and tried to force Aoki to engage in a toe-to-toe trade .
It was in the second round , where Folayang found their groove and bombarded Aoki with crisp leg kicks and attempted to drop their Japanese counterpart with a leaping knee shot .
In the dying seconds of the asupervisorstioned round , Folayang was able to hurt Aoki with two Wushu sidekicks to the midsection and then clobbered a heavy follow-up punch to the solar plexus .
As Aoki appeared to be still reeling from the late punishment that they received from the 5-foot-9 Team Lakay representative , Folayang knew that Aoki was ripe for the taking .
With Aoki shooting for a takedown , Folayang waited for the right moment to strike and jumped for a staggering knee shot to the temple that clearly rocked the Japanese champion .
As Aoki was helplessly crawling back to their feet , Folayang pressed them along the cage fence , delivering a hard knee to the head before completing the finish with a volley of vicious punches , forcing referee Yuji Shimada to wave it off .
Folayang improves their prizefighting record to 17-5 with the upset triumph over Aoki , who downgrades to 39-7 , 1 NC . – Rappler.com
Spread the love
Long considered the purely fictitious musings of conspiracy theorists , rumors Adolf Hitler did not die in a murder-suicide pact with their newlywed , Eva Braun — but instead escaped to live under the radar in South America — might actually hold weight , after all .
Officially , whatever worth that could offer , Hitler met their fate with a gunshot to the head , while Braun ingested cyanide in a subterranean bunker on April 30 , 1945 , as the Allies finally quashed the Nazis . Forces then burned their bodies and the pair was subsequently buried in a shallow grave nearby .
But what if this narrative had merely been a comfortable cover spoon fed the public to mask the Führer actually being whisked away in a shadowy plot to ensure they would n't fall into the clutches of advancing Soviets ?
If the thought perhaps seems a bit ‘ tin-foily ' for your taste , first consider the United States ' morals-thwarting Operation Paperclip .
Nearly 500 Nazi scientists — particularly those specializing in aerodynamics , rocketry , chemical weapons and reaction technology , and medicine — were secreted to White Sands Proving Ground in New Mexico ; Huntsville , Alabama ; and Texas ' Fort Bliss without even the knowledge of the State Department . As obvious security threats and war criminals , those scientists would n't have qualified for visas through official channels — but the government , foregoing ethical implications in pursuit of their knowledge , indeed facilitated safe passage to the U.S .
Though much information about what has alternately been called Project Paperclip remains classified , that Nazi scientists did receive paychecks courtesy of the U.S. government to advance national goals is admitted fact . In that context , would Hitler being given a similar VIP escape plan be that outside the realm of possibility ?
Historian Abel Basti extensively details this hypothesis in a new edition of their book published in Argentina , “ El Exilio de Hitler , ” or “ Hitler in Exile ” — an account now making headlines , even in media as mainstream as the Huffington Post .
“ There was an agreement with the US that Hitler would run away and that they should n't fall into the hands of the Soviet Union , ” Basti said . “ This also applies to many scientists , the military and spies who later took part in the struggle against the Soviet regime . ”
Basti posits Hitler slipped to safety via a tunnel beneath the Chancellery connected to Tempelhof Airport , where a helicopter then whisked the former Führer to Spain . Traveling first to the Canary Islands , Hitler made their way to Argentina on a U-boat , where they lived for ten years before settling in Paraguay under the protection of dictator Alfredo Stroessner , themselves with German roots .
As the historian tells it , the former brutal fascist died there on February 3 , 1971 .
“ Wealthy families who helped them over the years were responsible for the organization of their funeral , ” Basti explained . “ Hitler was buried in an underground bunker , which is now an elegant hotel in the city of Asuncion . In 1973 , the entrance to the bunker was sealed , and 40 people came to say goodbye to Hitler . One of those who attended [ the funeral ] , Brazilian serviceman Fernando Nogueira de Araujo , then told a newspaper about the ceremony . ”
But Basti is n't alone in this hypothesis .
Bob Baer , a CIA operative with 21 years ' experience and “ one of America 's most elite intelligence case officers , ” described a similarly covert , government-facilitated escape plan in a documentary series for the History Channel called Hunting Hitler , which aired in early 2015 .
Baer and their team , including war crimes investigator Dr. John Cencich , claimed they discovered proof of Hitler 's escape , using 700 pages of declassified FBI documents and on-scene sleuthing in South America . As one investigator noted ,
“ American Army officials in Germany have not located Hitler 's body nor is there any reliable source that Hitler is dead . ”
Further discrediting the official story — and backing up doubts raised by Basti and the Baer team — a report in the Guardian in 2009 shattered previously- ‘ irrefutable ' physical evidence of Hitler 's suicide : the former Führer 's bullet-pierced skull .
American researchers performed a DNA analysis of that skull — once preserved in secret by Soviet intelligence , now held by Russian State Archive in Moscow — to determine the legitimacy of claims the bones were indeed Hitler 's .
But in the genetics lab at the University of Connecticut , archeologist and bone specialist Nick Bellantoni made a startling discovery . From the outset , Bellantoni noticed telling discrepancies :
“ The bone seemed very thin ; male bone tends to be more robust . And the sutures where the skull plates came together seemed to correspond to someone under 40 ” — but Hitler turned 56 in April 1945 .
Bellantoni 's suspicions from physical examination of that skull fragment — which the team diligently confirmed authentic — were backed up by the molecular , genetic analysis . That skull , which the Soviets had proffered as proof of Hitler 's self-inflicted gunshot for decades , belonged to an as-yet unidentified female .
Though possible the skull fragment , found to be of a “ woman between the ages of 20 and 40 , ” according to Bellantoni , could belong to Eva Braun , no narrative of events ever claimed Hitler 's former bride was shot . And though many died near the Chancellery , the Soviets and then Russians verified the area from which the fragment was retrieved as the exact spot the couple 's bodies had been doused in fuel and burned .
Further , Basti claims Braun not only also fled Germany unscathed , but far outlived Hitler — though they have n't been able to track them past the age of 90 , where they last resided in Buenos Aires .
As early as 2000 , the BBC reported Hitler biographer Werner Maser cast doubt on the authenticity of the skull — despite steadfast public affirmation from Russian officials .
South America did indeed play host to many fleeing Nazis — including sadistic doctor Josef Mengele , whose torturous experimentation of Nazi concentration camp prisoners eventually branched into the study of twins . Later , in a small town in Brazil , one in five pregnancies resulted in births of twins — something Argentine historian Jorge Camarasa claimed in 2009 evidenced Mengele 's handiwork following their escape from Germany .
Whether or not you make a habit of doubting official stories , evidence of Hitler 's deft departure from Germany — rather than a death by their own hand alongside their bride of just a few hours — appears more solid by the year .
As biographers , researchers , scientists , historians , and others carefully piece together a credible counter-narrative , perhaps Hitler 's suicide stands as one more falsely-constructed story designed to comfort an atrocity-weary public — as well as veil the ethical avulsion of an awkward truth .
RULES , TERMS , AND CONDITIONS :
until 11:59 p.m. EST on Friday , November 30 , 2018 . Online donors are sent their ticket number ( s ) by email ; ticket stubs are not mailed . All prizes will be awarded .
The drawing is to be held on Sunday , December 2 , 2018 at 2 p.m. on Haulover Beach in Miami , FL at the North Chickee ( thatch-roofed shade structure ) near lifeguard tower 15 . ( In case of inclement weather , the drawing takes place at the Haulover Park office in the pale blue , Art Deco-style Bill Bird Marina building on the bay side of the park at 10800 Collins Ave , Bal Harbour , FL . )
Winners do not need to be present to claim their prize ; they will be notified individually , and winning numbers will be posted at the top of this page .
Donors may opt to get a single ticket at $ 10 , three tickets at $ 25 , or six tickets at $ 40 . To obtain more , they can simply increase the number of units in their shopping cart , press the Recalculate button to update the total dollar amount , and then continue shopping , make an additional donation , or proceed to checkout .
Donations are tax-deductible in the U.S. to the extent permitted by law . A Form 1099 will be issued by Bare Necessities for the value of the cruise to the winner of each grand prize if a U.S. resident . Winner of first prize may wish to consult accountant for advice on income tax liability .
In accordance with Florida Statute 849.0935 , a donation is not required to enter the drawing . For a complimentary drawing ticket , entrants may send a self- addressed stamped envelope to B.E.A.C.H.E.S . Foundation Institute at the address listed below . Submissions via the United States Postal Service must be postmarked by Tuesday , November 27 , 2018 .
The
Keep Our Beaches Bare
fundraiser is sponsored by
Beach Education Advocates for Culture , Health , Environment & Safety
Foundation Institute ( aka B.E.A.C.H.E.S . )
PO Box 530702 , Miami Shores , FL 33153-0702
a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit corporation
and
South Florida Free Beaches / Florida Naturist Association , Inc .
Questions on this fundraiser may be sent to B.E.A.C.H.E.S . Executive Director
Ticket orders are accepted online
The Australian Running Calendar is the most comprehensive and up to date event list for running events , fun runs and walks , half marathons , marathons and obstacle course races in Australia . We also have events calendars for triathlons , mountain bike & cycle races , swimming and multisport/adventure races .
Information and events are added and updated frequently , so be sure to check back regularly and follow us on Twitter or Facebook or join our weekly email newsletter to be notified of updates .
Premium members now get access to discount codes for a number of running events in New Zealand and Australia . View the discounts here , sign up as a member and become premium today !
Check our updates page for a list of what 's been updated recently , use the search function to find events or use our event calendars below :
Event types :
Specfic running events :
By state/territory :
Fun runs by city :
By date/year :
Other pages :
Some tips and tricks for using this website
Clicking / tapping into the search box at the top of the page will open up the search function , which lets you search by event type , distance , location and a number of other options .
When it 's open , selecting e.g . the `` Run/Walk '' event type will show additional options , such as the terrain and distances .
You can also open and close the search menu by clicking / tapping the `` Search '' text next to the `` Name of event/location '' search box .
And on a desktop/laptop computer , you can open and close the search menu using the escape key on your keyboard .
00:52 Dead Zones in the Atlantic Ocean Scientists are alarmed due to the fact that dead zones are showing up in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean - the first time its been documented . Matt Sampson has the details .
The Atlantic Ocean is teeming with life , but for the first time researchers have discovered dead zones in these waters — areas low in both oxygen and salinity — off the coast of Africa . Fish ca n't survive in the dead zones , and researchers do n't yet fully understand how microorganisms will react .
This lack of a complete picture comes partially because the scientists stumbled upon this finding . Lead researcher Johannes Karstensen , of Germany 's GEOMAR Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel , and several other scientists have studied this part of the world 's oceans for about a decade . Every couple of years , they retrieve and check their instrumentation .
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/Eddy.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 '' srcset= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/Eddy.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 400w , https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/Eddy.jpg ? v=ap & w=980 & h=551 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 800w '' > The recently discovered dead zones in the Atlantic form in eddies , similar to the one above , shown in blue in the bottom-right corner . ( NASA Earth Observatory )
“ In 2010 , when we recovered our instruments , we all of the sudden saw that the typically high oxygen was very low , nearly absent , ” Karstensen told weather.com . “ That really was remarkable for us . First we thought there was a problem with the censor , but we have another instrument a little deeper , about 100 meters , and that also recorded much lower values typically found in that range . ”
Karstensen said it 's likely not the first time these Atlantic dead zones have shown up in data , but in all likelihood , other researchers wrote them off as inaccurate , an outlier , a measurement error because these areas are expected to have high oxygen levels . Only in the past decade or so , they added , have instruments produced high-enough quality data to get proper oxygen readings .
We 've long known about dead zones in general . The best recognized is probably the one in the Gulf of Mexico . In 2014 , it measured more than 5,000 square miles — huge , but down from the previous year 's 5,800 square miles , according to the Environmental Protection Agency . ( This interactive from NOAA 's Gulf of Mexico Hypoxia Watch offers a pretty stunning timelapse . ) In general , waters like this , called hypoxic if they drop below certain oxygen thresholds , tend to result in fish die-offs , especially if they interact with land .
The Atlantic dead zones could potentially have this result if they move south and run into the Cape Verde islands , Karstensen said . The dead zones form in eddies , “ large swirling masses of water that slowly move , ” likely in sync with the Earth 's rotation . Weather there plays a role in that it does n't vary a great deal , with steady winds coming from the east , creating an environment “ supportive ” for these dead zones to form , according to Karstensen . At least that 's the current theory .
Next up , this research team plans to study specific eddies to better determine how these dead zones form . The scientists published their work Thursday , Apr . 20 , 2015 , in the journal Biogeosciences .
MORE FROM WEATHER.COM : Beautiful Sea Creatures ( PHOTOS )
CTV Vancouver
Surrey Creep Catchers founder Ryan Laforge has been charged with assault and uttering threats in connection with two stings by the controversial vigilante group .
Mounties in Surrey say the first charges stem from an April 3 confrontation between Laforge and a man who has since been charged with child luring .
The second incident occurred on April 19 . RCMP say there was a confrontation between three members of the Surrey Creep Catchers and a man believed to be involved in child luring .
Two men were taken into custody at the scene in the 10100-block of King George Boulevard : The man accused of child luring , and 37-year-old Lance Loy , who is a member of Creep Catchers . Laforge is alleged to have fled the scene before police arrived .
Both Loy and Laforge are now charged with one count of assault , Mounties said Thursday .
An arrest warrant was issued for Laforge , who turned themselves in to Surrey court and was released on $ 1,000 bail later in the day . Their release is subject to several conditions including reporting to a probation officer , having no contact with their co-accused or targets of the stings , and having no weapons in their possession .
Loy also appeared in court on Thursday in connection with their charge .
The men are expected to return to court to fix a date for a future hearing on June 1 .
Mounties said a third suspect is being investigated in connection to the incidents , but have not provided more information on whom the suspect is or what charges they may face .
Police are using the charges to once again remind the public that vigilantism poses `` significant risks , '' and puts ongoing police investigations at potential risk .
“ Using our highly trained investigators in a controlled environment is the best way to get dangerous offenders off our streets and ensure they are held accountable , '' said Cpl . Scotty Schumann .
Investigations into the child luring allegations are ongoing , RCMP said , and anyone with information is asked to contact them at 604-599-0502 .
With files from CTV Vancouver 's Penny Daflos
Media playback is not supported on this device O'Sullivan turns down 147 chance
Ronnie O'Sullivan was criticised by World Snooker chairperson Barry Hearn for turning down the chance of a maximum 147 break at the Welsh Open because the £10,000 prize money was `` too cheap '' .
O'Sullivan , 40 , potted 14 reds and 13 blacks before opting for an easier pink as they made a 146 to beat Barry Pinches 4-1 in the first round .
They told BBC Sport : `` If it had been more , I 'd have gone for the 147 . ''
Hearn described O'Sullivan 's actions as `` unacceptable '' and `` disrespectful '' .
They said : `` This is not a crime , but a shame .
`` Players have a duty to the fans to deliver the best standard and entertainment they can . Anything less than playing to their best ability is unacceptable and disrespectful to the paying public . ''
The £10,000 , which is boosted by the £2000 on offer for the highest break of the tournament , is a rolling prize fund at ranking events which has not been won since Neil Robertson made a 147 at the UK Championship last year .
Englishman O'Sullivan had scored 80 in the break when they asked an official what the prize was for the highest break . They also asked the commentary box for information and looked visibly disappointed when told they could win up to £12,000 .
`` I knew it was £10,000 . I could have done it , but I did n't think the prize was worthy of a 147 . So I 've tried to let it build up until it 's worthy and then go for it , '' they said .
`` It 's like going into a Mercedes garage and when they say that you can have the car for £3,000 , you reply , 'No way , that 's too cheap . I 'm not buying it for that ' .
Most maximum 147 breaks in snooker history 13 : Ronnie O'Sullivan 11 : Stephen Hendry 6 : John Higgins 5 : Ding Junhui 4 : Marco Fu , Shaun Murphy See the full list here
`` Certain things have value , and a 147 is a special moment . I want it to feel special all round .
`` But the punters still got value for money today . Now they 've got something more to look forward to . There 's still room for improvement .
`` You like to entertain your fans . It 's like a film . You want them to come back and watch the next one .
`` There is no point in giving them the best ending they 've ever had . Leave room for a better ending next time . ''
Media playback is not supported on this device Snooker 's finest on Ronnie O'Sullivan
O'Sullivan , who claimed their sixth Masters title in January , won the first frame before Englishman Pinches hit back with a 70 break to level .
O'Sullivan took a scrappy third frame on the black , won the fourth with a 64 clearance and sealed victory courtesy of their 146 to set up a second-round meeting with China 's Tian Pengfei .
World number one Mark Selby cruised to a 4-0 win over Welshman Duane Jones , while defending champion John Higgins , Neil Robertson , Judd Trump , Shaun Murphy and Barry Hawkins also went through .
World number two Stuart Bingham suffered a surprise 4-1 defeat by Anthony Hamilton and 2013 Welsh Open champion Stephen Maguire lost 4-3 to world number 90 Martin O'Donnell .
WonderSlim 150 % Money-Back Guarantee
With WonderSlim products , weight management has never been so delicious ! – And that 's 150 % guaranteed !
If WonderSlim products are not the most satisfying weight management foods you 've ever tried , simply return any of the following within 60 days of purchase and we 'll give you a 150 % refund ( less shipping ) of your WonderSlim product purchase price , or an exchange for product ( s ) of equal price , no questions asked . Shipping charges , if applicable , are non-refundable . International orders may be returned for a refund only .
Items eligible for refund or exchange :
Any unopened , unused box , case , bottle or container of consumable products
Up to 1 ( one ) partially used box , bottle or container per unique product . ( ie . per flavor , sku )
To return unopened , unused , or partially used items as listed above , please complete the Returns/Exchange Request form below and include it with your shipment . It 's that simple !
WonderSlim items eligible for refund or exchange :
Any unopened , unused box , case , bottle , bag or container of WonderSlim products
Up to 1 ( one ) partially used 7-serving box per unique WonderSlim product ( ie . per flavor , sku )
Please note : The WonderSlim 150 % Money-Back Guarantee applies only to Wonderslim items .
How Does it Work ?
Please see the instructions above for how to return or exchange products . Once we receive your returned items , we 'll process your request and send you an email confirmation with the details . Any refunded payments will be noted . To ensure proper credit to your account , we recommend that you use FedEx , UPS or Insured Parcel Post for shipment of returns . Please save your shipping receipt and tracking information until your return is processed . If you have any further questions , please call Customer Service at 1-800-882-4830 .
There are rules of proper etiquette in the Washington think tank culture , the most annoying of which is to suppress all emotion for a given topic in the interest of appearing aloof and dispassionate , ever-reaching for the inner Mr. Spock in some narcissistic attempt to look more scholarly than everyone else . Apparently another “ must , ” particularly in the national security think tank sphere , is never to invoke President Dwight Eisenhower 's 1961 speech in which they ominously give name to the Military Industrial Complex ( MIC ) .
As the 34th President said : “ Until the latest of our world conflicts , the United States had no armaments industry . American makers of plowshares could , with time and as required , make swords as well . But now we can no longer risk emergency improvisation of national defense ; we have been compelled to create a permanent armaments industry of vast proportions . Added to this , three and a half million men and women are directly engaged in the defense establishment . We annually spend on military security more than the net income of all United States corporations . This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is new in the American experience . The total influence — economic , political , even spiritual — is felt in every city , every State house , every office of the Federal government . We recognize the imperative need for this development . Yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications . Our toil , resources and livelihood are all involved ; so is the very structure of our society . In the councils of government , we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence , whether sought or unsought , by the militaryindustrial complex . The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist . ”
Think tank maven Robert Kagan , who has been sloshing about at the military trough so long they would n't know a MIC from a St. Paddy 's Day reveler , waved off a brief mention of the foreboding Eisenhower speech at a panel discussion of their new book and how national security issues are affecting the presidential election at the swanky neoconservative American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) on Thursday .
“ Among the many things I did n't like about Eisenhower that speech was one of them — I do n't like that speech and I did not know what they were talking about , ” Kagan flippantly retorted to a soft-spoken questioner who apparently had n't gotten the rule book that says there will be no uncomfortable questions that include the words ( in no certain order or combination ) , “ propaganda , ” “ military industrial complex , ” or “ Eisenhower. ” Case closed . Next question ?
Kagan , who hails from the aggressively establishment Brookings Institution , was on hand to collect think-tanky accolades for their new tome , not surprisingly entitled , The World America Made , which is about , in part , maintaining U.S hegemony , or as Kagan likes to calls it , “ American World Power ” throughout the globe . Kagan of course knows what Eisenhower was talking about , but to people in Washington 's NatSec hive , criticizing the MIC is like throwing mother 's milk out the kitchen window . The only way the U.S can exercise this global power Kagan is so breathlessly selling is to have the war machine running balls to the wall 24/7 — every institution , every technology , every human cog a symbol of power to be used and exported for both message and might . As Kagan wrote in their ponderous New Republic essay in January , “ Preserving the present world order requires constant American leadership and constant American commitment . ”
That Eisenhower . What a weenie .
In Kagan 's world , America is not in decline , it 's just going through persistent struggle . But it 's been there before . “ Success in the past does not guarantee success in the future . But one thing does seem clear from the historical evidence : the American system , for all its often stultifying qualities , has also shown a greater capacity to adapt and recover from difficulties than many other nations , including its geopolitical competitors. ” Chicken Soup for the Empire 's soul .
President Obama loved the essay 's lines about American exceptionalism and decline being ” a myth ” so much they gushingly quoted them in meetings with press before their January State of the Union address . They obviously see Kagan — one of a family of hawkish neoconservatives who not only lobbied for the wars we are in now , but actively counseled military generals and administrations and even helped to author the so-called “ Surge ” in Iraq — as a master tool for deflecting Republican criticism . Call Obama defeatist , or complain he 's taking the country to hell in a bucket and he 'll just quote Republican Robert Kagan , talking about how things are n't really that bad : World democracy is on the rise ! Prosperity at record levels ! We have n't had a World War III ( yet ) !
“ The renewal of American leadership can be felt across the globe , ” Obama said in their Jan 26 State of the Union address . “ From the coalitions we 've built to secure nuclear materials , to the missions we 've led against hunger and disease ; from the blows we 've dealt to our enemies , to the enduring power of our moral example , America is back . ”
“ Anyone who tells you otherwise , anyone who tells you that America is in decline or that our influence has waned , does n't know what they 're talking about . ”
What makes this so icky is that Kagan is a foreign policy advisor to Mitt Romney , Obama 's chief political rival . This point was not lost on the AEI audience , which chuckled knowingly — but appropriately — when Kagan mentioned it a full hour into the day 's events . But what 's the big deal ? The notion that “ we 're all friends here , ” could n't be more apropos in the Washington NatSec establishment , and no more obvious than at Thursday 's event , which was sponsored by three of the most influential status quo think tanks in town : AEI , the Center for a New American Security ( CNAS ) and to a slightly lesser extent , the New America Foundation . They 're supposed to espouse differing ideologies , but that 's pretty much the myth , as evidenced in the agonizingly monochromatic discussion among the representative “ scholars , ” as they held forth on Thursday .
And why not ? Maintaining the American global “ order ” as it were , requires the survival of the entire war apparatus built up after 9/11 . It 's not only a state of mind , it 's a jobs program . Let 's be frank — like that brilliant Twilight Zone episode , no one wants to be deemed “ the obsolete man. ” This is the lifeblood of most of the people who inhabited the AEI auditorium on Thursday , and certainly sustains its panelists — Kagan , AEI “ defense and security analyst ” Tom Donnelly , CNAS senior advisor Richard Fontaine ( who worked on Sen. John McCain 's 2008 presidential campaign ) , and Peter Bergen , director of New America 's security studies program , who spent the last decade writing and talking about the war and has done some great research on drones , but never seems willing to use it to take a hard stand on anything when it counts , like on Thursday .
So they proceeded to eschew so-called “ isolationism ” and even “ off shore balancing , ” and embraced China as the Next Big Challenge , transcending what party biases they might have to cheer on the great hegemon as it turns away from the disasters in Iraq and Afghanistan with a disinterested shrug .
Which leads them to say the darndest things ! Like when Donnelly , who co-wrote Lessons for a Long War : How America Can Win on New Battlefields with Kagan 's brother Frederick Kagan in 2010 ( how 's all that winning that going ? ) , charged that soldier fatigue is an “ anecdotal ” problem . Though acknowledging all those messy stress and suicide statistics , Donnelly nevertheless insisted the force — you know , that one-half of one percent of Americans who have done one to 5 tours in-country — is sustaining itself just fine . We should be proud and helpful and not be “ leaping to conclusions ” about whether they are too strained , they rambled on somewhat defensively .
Meanwhile , Bergen noted that “ we 're not really spending that much money on this war. ” Kagan , who never sees a potential military solution they do n't like , urged U.S intervention in Syria . “ If we did n't have an election … I think we would be moving more quickly into Syria , ” they bemoaned .
Fontaine proceeded to chime in on what everyone in NatSec wants to hear today : “ China is the most profound challenge we are going to face. ” As for the one question about human rights ( brought to us by the same lonely lady in the front row who dared mention Eisenhower 's MIC speech ) , Fontaine said , “ because the United States has a human rights agenda , it will always be accused of inconsistency … I 'd rather be accused of inconsistency than be accused of doing nothing. ” There you have it . Case closed . Next question ?
It is no more apparent than in events like these that the odds for a foreign policy “ non-interventionist ” or even a “ realist ” option in the upcoming general election are about as good as John McCain showing up at the Left Forum in New York City this weekend ( I will be there , however , talking on a panel about the prospects for a left-right alliance against empire ) . By all reports , Republican primary candidate Ron Paul is winding down , leaving us varying degrees of hawk on both sides of the aisle and no viable third party alternative to hang our hats on .
When President Obama starts quoting Robert Kagan with the enthusiasm of a school boy , or better yet , like George W. Bush when they used to grasp on to any intellectual they could to prove they were right in invading and occupying Iraq , we know we 've got no place to go .
At least the NatSec think tanks are happy — they win either way . They just ca n't rightly show it . Etiquette , you know .
The last time you could buy a gallon of gasoline in the US for 75 cents was around the late 1970s .
If you own an electric car today though , the price you 're paying for electricity is equivalent to about 75 cents per gallon .
According to a study by the Northeast Group ( via Charged EVs ) , 25 utilities in 14 states currently offer electricity rates tailored towards electric vehicle owners .
With discounts for off-peak charging , the cost of topping up your battery is very low indeed . By converting the energy you 're storing into a gasoline-equivalent figure , the price works out at about $ 0.75 per `` gallon '' .
For comparison , the current average for gas prices in the US is about $ 3.70 a gallon -- almost five times as much .
Some states are even mandating EV-friendly rates from utilities – Minnesota recently became the first to require preferable rates for those charging off-peak . In addition , the state requires that customers have the option of a zero-emissions tariff , making charging even greener , as well as cheaper .
Ben Gardner , President of Northeast Group , explains that many utilities are seeking ways to better engage with their customers .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Electric vehicle owners are already fairly in-tune with the price they pay for electricity , so making life a little more pleasant for EV drivers is one way of improving customer relations . Since they typically consume more electricity than other homeowners , it also makes financial sense for utilities to have them on their side .
So if you want to drive around like the last thirty-five years or so of gas price increases have n't happened , the message is simple : buy an electric car .
What the data shows
Courtesy of the EPA — https : //www.epa.gov/greenvehicles/fast-facts-transportation-greenhouse-gas-emissions
Taking a look at the first pie chart you will notice that a significant chunk ( 26 % ) represents the emissions from the United States transportation sector . That 's the same as having a whole pizza pie , eight slices , with two put aside for your friend named TRANSPORTATION . The second pie chart , below it , breaks this down further by showing what makes up that 26 % .
Now , these pie charts also show that the transportation sector is certainly not the only contributor to U.S emissions , but what they do highlight is that combating climate change is a multi-faceted problem . Changing one thing or behavior in your life is a great first step , but ideally all parts of our daily routine and life should reach a more sustainable place . Policy needs to reach a place in which we are holding the big players accountable and our daily practices have to be reshaped .
Is it really worth switching from driving to cycling ?
This is a very tough question to answer and is actually widely debated due to the fact that the conditions can be analyzed in a wide variety of ways . You can compare a car that is full of 5 people to one person riding a bike and you may actually find that driving is not as bad as you initially assumed . You can also investigate the manufacturing and materials used for each , such as nickel for the batteries in cars and stainless steel and aluminum for bicycles . Another thing to take into account is the diet of the individuals operating these vehicles . For example , Harvard University 's Keith Group argues that cyclists who have a very meat heavy diet can contribute more emissions to the climate than those people who drive low-emission vehicles and rely on a plant-based diet . There is also the economical side of things that can be taken into account such as money spent on gas , maintenance , parking , etc .
The bottom line is that I can not say that , factually , it is 100 % better to switch from driving to cycling , but what I can say is that switching your habits from less sustainable to more sustainable is more effective in the long run . Switching to a plant-based diet and riding a used bicycle ( removing the additional carbon emission from producing a new bicycle ) to and from your office everyday will release less greenhouse gas emissions than driving a typical 25 mpg US car by yourself . Taking into account the energy required to power both modes of transportation ( gas vs food ) it has been shown that there are 300 gCO2 emitted per kilometer of driving and 130 gCO2e/km of biking ( this is not a number that reflects everyone , but is based on an average american diet of consuming 2600 kcal/day and .2 MJ/km requirement for biking ) .
Taking the time to better understand your daily commute and the pros and cons will only help . It is up to us to make more sustainable choices that create for a better today and tomorrow . Talking with others and discussing the problem space is a step in a right direction towards more effective and universal solutions .
LOS ANGELES — The AFL-CIO on Monday opened the door to becoming a group that is more representative of the left than of its members .
Facing what AFL-CIO chief Richard Trumka called a “ crisis ” of membership , officials took the dramatic step at their annual convention of adopting a resolution that invites anyone in the country to join , regardless of union affiliation .
ADVERTISEMENT
The move faced stiff resistance from union officials who fear the AFL-CIO 's primary mission of representing workers will be left behind if the federation becomes a mouthpiece for liberal and progressive groups .
Despite the resistance , the resolution was adopted without a single “ nay ” vote being heard in the convention hall .
Supporters of the move to a broader membership standard said the AFL-CIO can no longer define itself by the narrow collective bargaining laws that are being challenged across the country .
“ This resolution issues an invitation to every worker in the United States to join the movement for social justice , ” said Lee Saunders , president of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) . “ The freedom to choose to be part of this movement must be a freedom available to every worker . ”
The decline of labor membership has been a dominant topic at the labor federation 's event , where officials have been fervently debating how to reverse the trend .
In their keynote address on Monday , Trumka came down decidedly on the side of a “ big tent ” labor movement , noting that the percentage of workers who were unionized dropped to 11.3 percent last year .
“ We must begin , here and now , today , the great work of reawakening a movement of working people , ” Trumka said .
The AFL-CIO intended for the convention to be a gut-check for labor , and spent months organizing committees of student representatives , academics , civil rights advocates and union officials to discuss how to keep unions alive in the years to come .
Trumka said labor must include new workers — not to increase union dues , but to create change for everyone .
“ Not so we can have bigger unions , but so we can together make all working peoples ' lives better , ” they said . “ Because the success of our movement is not measured in the members we organize , or the politicians we elect . It is measured by the progress of working people — all working people — by the lives we lead , by the hopes and dreams we make real together . ”
But many fear the resolution will lead to liberal groups like Sierra Club or MoveOn seeking membership in the AFL-CIO , drawing the federation deeper into political causes that are separate from members ' bread-and-butter concerns .
Harold Schaitberger , president of the International Association of firefighters , told The Hill on Sunday that , “ this is the American Federation of Labor . We are supposed to be representing workers and workers ' interests . ... We are not going to be the American Federation of Progressive and Liberal Organizations . ”
Larry Cohen , president of the Communication Workers of America , denied that the resolution was intended to allow direct affiliation with groups like Sierra Club .
“ First of all , they are n't going to raise the funds to join . Nobody ever talked about people joining fully and not having at least that obligation . I think what we intended all along , speaking for me and [ AFSCME President ] Lee Saunders , was to figure out ways how to increase work with greens and so on , ” Cohen said .
Approval of the resolution was helped by the fact that unions will be allowed to decide for themselves whether to invite non-members into the fold , Cohen said .
“ When you read [ the resolution ] , it 's about unions that support this will do it . Those who do n't wo n't have done it . You ca n't force people to do this , ” Cohen said .
The adoption of the resolution was a victory for Working America , the AFL-CIO 's community affiliate that represents 3 million people who work outside of collective bargaining agreements .
Working America is now authorized to consult with the AFL-CIO president , subject to approval by the federation 's executive council , to adopt a members ' dues structure and develop advocacy in the workplace .
Karen Nussbaum , Working America 's executive director , told reporters on Monday that non-union workers — especially people who have been laid off or who voted to unionize in losing union elections at their work sites — can come to their group .
“ Those folks are now going to find a way to have a home through Working America and with affiliates , and we have got several examples that we are going to build on from there , ” Nussbaum said .
The resolution also says the AFL-CIO should “ deepen ” its relationship with worker centers , the nonprofit groups that have been organizing low-wage workers , including those behind the recent fast-food restaurant strikes .
With union members only making up 11.3 percent of the workforce last year , worker centers are key to the AFL-CIO 's aspirations of becoming a broader social movement , observers say .
“ They are a vital part of what labor is doing going forward , with unions trying unconventional ways in reaching non-union workers , ” said Harley Shaiken , a University of California , Berkeley professor who specializes in labor issues .
But many in labor said they have deep reservations about the move .
Some worry that expanding union membership beyond dues-paying members could undermine collective bargaining agreements that are already in place .
“ We are concerned as we move forward so we do n't undermine the work we have already done , ” said Lou Paulson , president of the California Professional Firefighters . “ We do n't want the walls knocked down as we try to fix the foundation . ”
That sentiment was overwhelmed , however , on the floor by other convention attendees , many of them AFSCME members , who resoundingly backed the resolution . Many of them praised Working America as a boon to unions that is helping labor organize and become more politically effective .
North Shore Labor Council President Jeff Crosby from Massachusetts offered what they called a “ pragmatic , practical argument ” for the resolution .
“ You ca n't raise the roof of the House of Labor if the floor is caving in , ” Crosby said .
“ We have tried exclusion in the past . It has failed . ”
Ugh . I did it . I fell off of the wagon . I 've been so good too . I 've been taking it a day at a time , changing the things I can and accepting the things I ca n't . Tonight it just got to be too much . I got into a full blown political Facebook fight . I railed . I ranted . I posted links to articles that supported my argument that no one in the thread read . Eventually everything devolved into name calling and by the end we were figuring out how to spell our grunts and beat each other to death with bleached femur bones through social media . Sigh…
What does this have to do with Fatherhood ? Well , the immediate political part has nothing to do with being a father . On the other hand , the futile act of trying to make a point to someone who does not want to , or is incapable of hearing it is very similar to having a two-year-old in the house .
Now before you go off and call me an elitist hypocrite for comparing anyone who has a differing political opinion than mine to a toddler , please allow me to clarify . Everyone in a political fight on Facebook is a toddler . Both sides . Every time . Case in point :
We like shiny things
Just like my kid thinks a picture of Elmo is a Rembrandt , folks on Facebook also like simple images . `` Share if '' and `` Like if '' posts plague my timeline . The political ones are THE WORST . We reduce our opinions to snippy image macros and pass them around like trading cards . They are baited hooks waiting for someone to comment about how the image represents a complex topic in an overly simplified way ... and then it begins .
Both sides are just waiting for the other side to stop talking ( typing ) .
For toddlers this is called parallel play . The two kids play next to each other , but not with each other . The only time the two interact is when one pisses the other one off . Then they punch each other in the face .
On Facebook it is the same way . We type long , elaborate paragraphless screeds . We practically ignore the opposition 's comments , scanning them only for fallacies that we can exploit in our own witty retorts . The person we 're arguing with could write the Gettysburg Address . We 'd read `` score '' and `` conceived '' and argue that they are pro-sex heathens who worship phallic deities .
No one shares .
Sure , everyone `` shares '' their opinion , but no one shares what really matters . Sharing is giving something up so the other person can have it . In political facebook fights no one gives anything up . We just pull and pull and pull until we either get what we want or the other person cries and runs away . Like toddlers .
So how does this help me to be a better dad ?
Well… I 'm not sure it does . It does help me be a better citizen of social media . It helps me stay sane . It allows me to realize that I am not a toddler , and that behaving like one on Facebook not only degrades me , but also contributes nothing to the world as a whole . I 'll get to vote for whoever I want in November , and no amount of political bloviating on Facebook can take that away . That 's pretty cool .
So maybe my political Facebook fight did n't make me a better father . I suppose every life experience does n't have to make me a better dad . Maybe this time it was the opposite . Maybe being a father can make me a better person .
ELMO 2012 ! ! !
Coming up today and every Thursday at 7:00 pm Pacific – 10:00 pm Eastern – 03:00 GMT
If you subscribe to No Lies Radio you can listen to this “ Protected ” show ( and 14 others ) on demand before they are actually broadcast , and also get free downloads , free tickets to our live streaming events , and other perks . Non-subscribers only get access to this show 's archive the day after the broadcast here . Please support to keep No Lies Radio on the air .
CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFO OR TO BECOME A SUBSCRIBER .
This show was broadcast on January 15 , 2015 .
It is now archived here — Use Player Robin Hordon on Civil Informationing Robin Hordon is a former air traffic controller , a 9/11 Truth activist , and writer . In this episode of 9/11 Free Fall they speak from their own professional experience about the alleged failure of U.S. air defenses on 9/11 , and about “ civil informationing ” , which is a more calculated and strategic approach to educating others about the 9/11 Truth information .
9/11 Free Fall is now a proud member of No Lies Radio . To listen to much earlier episodes and interviews with great 9/11 activists go to http : //www.911freefall.com/ .
All current episodes are archived on No Lies Radio here .
Stone Cold Steve Austin 's well received WWE Network podcast will return to our live feeds on June 1st . After some mixed reviews for Y2J 's `` Live With Chris Jericho '' , and rumored friction between Vince McMahon and Stone Cold , WWE has doubled down by giving The Rattlesnake not only more podcasts , but big-time guests as well . While scanning the list of legends including Hulk Hogan , and WCW 's Sting , one name has stood out from the rest ... The Undertaker .
Recently , and throughout most of their career , The Undertaker has n't really given many interviews . Aside from an appearance on Off The Record with Michael Landsberg , and a few spots on HHH 's DVD , seeing The Deadman out of character is an extreme rarity partly due to the nature of their gimmick , and overall private life of the man .
Furthermore , over the last few years we 've seen the wrestler podcast genre explode , as many talents routinely make the rounds of the circuit . Without question the most elusive has been The Deadman . Fans have been clamoring to hear not only their story , but what they think about current happenings , wrestlers , and things that have gone on during their 25 year history with WWE .
Additionally , It 's hard to imagine this interview not breaking WWE Network records and selling subscriptions . Much like the Vince McMahon interview , WWE has served up a guest that everyone wants to hear from , who is completely fresh , and is with a great interviewer in Stone Cold Steve Austin .
Here are 10 things Austin must touch on while interviewing The Undertaker !
Senate Republicans are working to secure the nomination for education department secretary for Betsy DeVos after two Republican senators said they could not support them
DeVos ' nomination moved to the full Senate after the Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions Committee voted 12-11 along party lines to confirm them Two liberal Republican senators , Susan Collins ( R-ME ) and Lisa Murkowski ( R-AK ) , however , said they could not support them and would vote only to advance their nomination to the floor of the Senate .
“ I will not , I can not vote to confirm them as our nation 's next secretary of education , ” Collins said .
“ I was trying to get to yes , ” said Murkowski . “ I could n't . ”
As Roll Call reports , since the GOP has a 52-48 advantage in the Senate , Vice President Mike Pence would likely break a tie if only Collins and Murkowski vote against DeVos . However , if Sessions is confirmed by the Senate next , the GOP would be left with one less senator , leaving DeVos with a failing vote of 49-50 .
According to the report , Senate leadership has scheduled the DeVos nomination to precede that of Sessions since they might need their vote in order to pave the way for Pence to break a tie .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer , however , said they are still encouraged , says the New York Times .
“ I am 100 percent confident they will be the next secretary of education , ” they said .
DeVos has been one of the most controversial picks of President Donald Trump .
Democrats – largely ignoring national test scores showing the continued downturn of performance by the nation 's public school students – have portrayed DeVos as unqualified to run a department that oversees the nation 's public schools , since they have largely been an advocate for charter schools and school vouchers . Democrat senators also spent considerable time during committee debate discussing concerns that DeVos would not continue President Barack Obama 's expansion of the department 's Office for Civil Rights .
Teachers ' unions have strongly opposed DeVos ' nomination .
“ If confirmed , DeVos would become the first secretary of education with zero experience with public schools , ” National Education Association ( NEA ) president Lily Eskelsen Garcia said . “ She 's never worked in a public school . She 's never been a teacher , a school administrator , nor served on any public board of education . ”
Republicans , however , portray DeVos as a generous devotee of school choice and of giving parents the opportunity to remove their children from failing public schools through voucher systems . Senators such as Tim Scott ( R-SC ) say DeVos ' skills in developing school choice programs would offer low-income , disadvantaged students an opportunity to get out of failing public schools that leave them without the opportunity to advance into higher education and meaningful careers .
Anti-Common Core grassroots groups , however – largely the base of the GOP – have been critical of DeVos ' nomination because they have financed and served on the boards of many organizations that promote Common Core .
Additionally , one of DeVos ' main supporters is Jeb Bush , a prominent promoter of Common Core . Among the U.S. Department of Education staffers who have already been sworn in are supporters of Common Core and individuals with connections to both Bush and Bill Gates , the Microsoft founder who served as the primary source of private funding for Common Core .
Dr. Karen Effrem , a Florida-based education activist and president of Education Liberty Watch , tells Breitbart News the staffers already on board in the Trump administration 's education department are a concern .
“ This list of Bush , Clinton , and Obama cronies is just another kick in the gut to parents who voted for Donald Trump in droves in the great hope that they would do as they promised , ” they say .
“ Instead of a smaller Department of Education , fewer Common Core and testing mandates , and protection of student privacy , ” they state , “ we will have more regulated private and home schools with their autonomy sacrificed to Common Core on the altar of ‘ choice , ' data collected on our children without consent , expanded preschool , and the continued wasteful ineffectiveness and harm of the U.S. Education Department . ”
Automakers , suppliers and technology companies that want to test autonomous vehicles on California roads may have to pony up for a $ 5 million insurance policy .
The requirement , intended to cover the potential costs of a self-driving car going haywire , is one of the key provisions of a regulation that California officials proposed last month to minimize the risks of letting car companies and Silicon Valley tech developers such as Google Inc. put the experimental vehicles on public roads .
The proposal , released Nov. 29 , is a sign of how autonomous driving , once the province of engineering students and hobbyists , has caught the government 's eye . State by state , the technology is falling subject to certification , training and reporting requirements that will effectively limit road testing to large , sophisticated outfits .
`` California is leading the way in autonomous vehicles , and these testing regulations are the first step in making the technology available , '' said Bernard Soriano , deputy director of the California Department of Motor Vehicles and leader of the DMV 's self-driving-vehicle program .
The DMV says it will take comment on the proposal until mid-January and release final regulations as early as next spring .
Autonomous vehicles are widely allowed across the United States , although they tend to fall outside the contours of the law . State licensing rules do n't apply to vehicles that act as their own drivers .
Some companies have called for state laws and standards to explicitly authorize self-driving cars , knowing they could be taken to court for far more than $ 5 million should something go wrong on the road .
Among the proponents of state laws is Google , which says it has logged more than 500,000 miles of autonomous driving using its fleet of modified Toyota Prius hybrids .
But some automakers argue that state laws are stifling and premature . Michael Robinson , vice president of sustainability and global regulatory affairs at General Motors , said last month during a congressional hearing that the automaker wants one set of federal rules , `` not a patchwork of various state attempts to become involved . ''
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has released guidance for states crafting laws , but has not issued any regulations .
California , Nevada , Florida and the District of Columbia have passed laws allowing self-driving cars to be tested within their borders . California would be the second state to subsequently put out regulations covering the testing . Nevada finalized its rules last year .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Game of Thrones spoilers .
Advertisement
Advertisement
A quick refresher course on Tyrion and Shae 's love story : Tyrion kidnaps a prostitute , asks them to be their prostitute , takes them back to their home , treats their kind of shitty for the most part and then sends them away without discussing it with them and she 's the `` evil bitch '' here ?
Are people for fucking real ?
Whether or not you think they ever loved him , which the show seems to argue that they did , what they did to them and with them was fucked up and , frankly , even if he 'd been the nicest john ever , they were still their property rather than their girlfriend . And let 's be real — they likely did n't jump into Tywin 's bed of their own accord .
Advertisement
I literally can not deal with the Game of Thrones fandom sometimes .
( edited 6/17 as a result of some of the discussions below which took issue with my assessment of the relationship ) .
[ This article originally appeared at Yale Environment 360 , a publication of the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies . ]
In the Pentland Firth , a strait that separates the Orkney Islands from Northern Scotland , strong tidal currents have challenged sailors for centuries .
But some of that marine energy is now being captured through a project known as MeyGen . This summer , the Atlantis group began construction on a submerged tidal turbine array consisting of four , three-bladed , seabed-mounted turbines , enough to deliver 6 megawatts to the grid by 2016 and power approximately 3,000 Scottish homes . By the early 2020s , Atlantis is planning to build 269 turbines in the firth , capable of generating 398 megawatts of electricity , enough to power roughly 200,000 homes .
On the other side of the world , off the coast of wave-rich Hawaii , Oregon-based Northwest Energy Innovations installed a wave energy conversion device in June that extracts power from the vertical and horizontal motions of waves using high-pressure hydraulics . Located at a test facility built for the U.S. Navy , the 45-ton apparatus , named Azura , bobs in waters off Kaneohe Bay on Oahu . A small , experimental device with a capacity of only 50 kilowatts , Azura is the U.S. 's first and only grid-connected wave energy system .
These are two of a growing number of advances in marine energy , which has lagged far behind solar and wind power because of the difficulties of operating in harsh ocean environments and the technical challenges of harnessing tidal and wave power .
“ The technology has kept moving forward , which is good news , ” says Ted Brekken , an associate professor of energy systems at Oregon State University . “ But the big issue is to get the cost down . Right now , there is the reality of surviving while we get there . ”
Ocean waves and tidal movements hold vast amounts of energy . The U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory estimates that more than one third of all electricity used in the United States could be drawn from the seas . Still , worldwide , ocean power is forecast to produce only 1 gigawatt of electricity by 2020 , a mere fraction of the 370 gigawatts generated by wind at the end of 2014 . The $ 400 million in investments in the marine energy sector were dwarfed last year by the $ 150 billion in investments in solar power . And important questions remain about the environmental impacts of marine energy technologies .
Despite its halting start , the marine energy industry has increasingly strong advocates around the world . Currently , about 30 tidal and 45 wave energy companies are at an advanced stage of technological development . One recent report said that ocean energy could satisfy 10 to 15 percent of European Union power demand by 2050 , enough to serve some 115 million homes .
The promise of marine energy is tied not just to the enormous potential power that lies in shifting tides and the movement of waves , but also its dependability . In most forms it can generate electricity around the clock , eliminating the need for energy-storage systems and making it easier to integrate into the grid than variable solar and wind power .
“ At some point , all the easy , cheap installations for wind and solar will be done , ” says Brekken . “ And then it 's ocean energy that 's next in line . ”
Another advantage of marine energy devices is that they can be tailored to specific sites and costs . They can serve remote shoreline communities that otherwise depend on expensive diesel or overland transmission lines . That 's already true for the Kvichak watershed in Alaska , where Maine-based Ocean Renewable Power Company deployed a small-scale tidal system in July to reduce the community 's high energy costs .
One thing holding up deployment of marine energy , especially in the U.S. , is uncertainty over how tidal- and wave-energy devices may affect marine ecosystems . How do marine animals interact with tidal turbines , which feature rotating blades that could kill them ? How does the sound of devices interfere with the ability of marine mammals to navigate , migrate , and communicate ?
Strangford Lough in Northern Island , where Atlantis operates a tidal turbine , is home to harbor seals , grey seals , and harbor porpoises . Although the turbine at Strangford shuts off when a marine mammal approaches , environmental scientists are nevertheless studying turbine impacts .
“ We have to prove beforehand that there is no impact , and we can not , ” explains Dr. Andrea Copping of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 's Marine Sciences Laboratory . “ We have no concrete proof , just theories based on existing knowledge and computer modeling . ”
But Copping thinks that regulators are becoming more understanding that some outcomes simply ca n't be known , and says , “ We are seeing incremental progress in regulatory processes that will support getting devices in the water . ”
A key step in the research and development of tidal- and wave-power devices has been the creation of joint public-private “ hubs ” where researchers from companies , universities , and government can test marine energy devices . In Oregon , the Northwest National Marine Renewable Energy Center — run by the U.S. Department of Energy and institutions like Oregon State University — has been operating an off-grid testing site since 2012 . It is currently seeking permission to develop a utility-scale , open-ocean facility with a connection to the utility grid .
Europe now has at least 13 such hubs , although not all of them currently are testing devices . MeyGen tested its tidal energy device at the European Marine Energy Center ( EMEC ) in the Orkney Islands , which has 14 berths for experimenting with early phases of both tidal and wave technologies .
In the wave sector , Finland-based Wello Oy has been testing its 500-kilowatt Penguin wave energy converter at EMEC since 2011 , but it will soon fill a larger berth at WaveHub — a full-scale wave test site off the coast of Cornwall in the U.K. — for a newer version of its Penguin technology .
The tidal industry sector , which has existed much longer than the wave energy sector , holds the most promise . Traditional tidal technologies relied on artificial barriers across shoreline estuaries that hold and release tidal flows . The water , when released , drives turbines .
But these barriers take a toll on the environment ; France 's La Rance barrage , opened in 1966 , has caused progressive silting of the area 's ecosystem and has contributed to the disappearance of species such as sand eels and plaice .
But when barriers are already in place as flood control systems , modern tidal devices can be effectively installed with little additional environmental impact . Last month , Tocardo Tidal Turbines installed five linked tidal turbines under the Eastern Scheldt storm surge barrier within the Dutch Delta Works .
Experts say the real future of tidal energy lies with arrays of floating or sea-bottom-mounted turbines that capture the energy of tidal currents in unobstructed waters — so-called in-stream technology . The most logical place to develop tidal energy is in Nova Scotia 's Bay of Fundy , where the world 's most extreme tides — rising and falling more than 50 feet — contain more than 50,000 megawatts of theoretical power . About 2,500 megawatts can easily be extracted with no discernible environmental impact from one inlet — the Minas Passage — alone , according to Stephen Dempsey , executive director of the Offshore Energy Research Association ( OERA ) , a nonprofit group .
In 2014 , the Fundy Ocean Research Center for Energy ( FORCE ) , another research hub , installed underwater power cables in the upper portion of the Bay of Fundy that can transmit a total of 64 megawatts , equivalent to the power needs of 20,000 homes at peak tidal flows . A handful of companies are preparing to hook up their turbines to the grid .
“ The scale and challenge these devices represent ; their physical construction ; thousands and thousands of pounds of steel — it takes that type of financial commitment for the industry to get started , and I am seeing it , ” Dempsey says . “ This is serious business . It is real . ”
Although it lags behind tidal , the wave energy sector also has been gaining some momentum . In Hawaiian waters , at 100-feet depths , Azura 's device sits partially submerged in the waves , with yellow-steel arms reaching upward . Azura has already begun construction of a second full-scale device that also will be tested in Hawaii . In Australia , Carnegie Wave Energy has developed its so-called CETO wave technology , which consists of fully submerged buoys that drive pumps linked to electricity-generating pods . After 16 years of development , Carnegie last year successfully tested a grid-connected array consisting of three 240-kilowatt buoys , supplying Australia 's largest naval base with power and desalinated water .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Multinational companies with the wherewithal to take the marine industry to the next level are making significant acquisitions . In 2013 , the French energy giant DCNS acquired Open Hydro , which now has nearly 1 gigawatt of marine energy projects under development worldwide , including two tidal turbines in the Bay of Fundy and two off the coast of Brittany in France .
• Based on the island of Hawaii , Sophia V. Schweitzer is an independent science writer focusing on climate change and the environment . Them work has appeared in numerous publications including Pacific Standard , Wired.com , and American Forests . They are the author of `` Big Island Journey '' and several other books .
NOGALES , Ariz. — Imagine running a high-security day care at a Costco , and you have a pretty good idea of the scenario unfolding along the Arizona border .
During the first media tour Wednesday of the U.S. Border Patrol processing facility , at least 100 children were doing what children normally do : playing basketball with border agents , watching World Cup soccer , resting on mats with Mylar blankets , talking in groups . But mainly waiting .
For what ? It 's unclear . The Border Patrol has set up 40 telephones at the giant air-conditioned warehouse in order to contact the children 's relatives , but the unaccompanied minors who spilled over the border in the past year were n't lost .
They came to stay , but officials stressed Wednesday that the Nogales processing center is only temporary . From there , children are sent to private shelters or temporary housing at military bases in California , Oklahoma and Texas , but even those facilities are filling up .
At least 90,000 children , mostly from Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador , will be caught this year , and more than 140,000 will be apprehended in 2015 , according to an internal U.S. Customs and Border Protection memo .
President Obama has called the influx an “ urgent humanitarian situation , ” but the government was forced to halt plans to relocate some of the border crossers to Maryland and Virginia after those plans met with local resistance .
SEE ALSO : Widespread incursions by armed Mexican officers put border agents in regular standoffs
Under law , the Homeland Security Department can hold the children for only three days and then must turn them over to the Health and Human Services Department , which is supposed to house them until they can be placed with relatives or foster families as they await court rulings on whether they will be deported .
Immigrant rights groups have complained about conditions at the detention facilities , and several have filed complaints detailing more than 100 cases of physical or verbal abuse , or negligence toward the children 's needs .
“ We have instances where CBP shackled 13- and 14-year-olds , infants became sick while held in cells maintained at freezing temperatures , and many children were held in CBP custody beyond the legal 72-hour period , without food or blankets , ” said Erika Pinheiro , directing attorney for community education programs at the Esperanza Immigrant Rights Project .
Community groups and press organizations sought access to the facilities , but those requests generally were denied until Wednesday , when media were given brief tours of detention centers in Brownsville , Texas , and in Nogales , 4 miles north of the border .
At the Arizona site , U.S. Border Patrol and the Federal Emergency Management Agency have managed to pull together a reasonably comfortable but tightly structured program for the children .
One top Border Patrol agent — they asked that their names not be used — said the priorities are to keep the children safe , healthy , nourished and clean .
On those scores , the agency appears to be succeeding at the 120,000-square-foot facility , though an Associated Press account of a parallel facility at Fort Brown in Brownsville wrote of “ children 's faces pressed against glass , ” and “ the pungent odor that comes with keeping people in close quarters . ”
When they arrive , children go through an intake process in which they are given health screenings , including vaccinations . They turn over personal items , which are bagged and returned to them when they leave .
Reporters in Nogales and in Brownsville were ordered , upon pain of expulsion from the tour , not to speak to the children in order to protect their privacy .
The children are separated by sex and are placed in three age groups : 12 and younger , 13 to 15 , and 16 to 17 . A separate section holds young women with infants as well as older girls with very young brothers or sisters .
Nobody 's entirely sure how old the children are . They self-identify , but a few boys seen on the tour had healthy growths of facial hair .
The groups are separated by chain-link fencing topped with hurricane barbed wire . Army green and yellow tarps have been hooked up to the fences in some areas to give the girls and boys some privacy . The floors are spread with mats and a few tables .
Why the barbed wire ? Officials said it 's a relic from when the facility , which was built in 2000 , housed adults .
FEMA brought in five white trailers with 60 shower facilities , where the children are brought in groups on rotations and given towels , disposable toothbrushes and soap .
Boxes of clothes include newly purchased underwear and what appears to be used but clean clothing . In one section , most of the boys 13 to 15 were wearing white T-shirts and navy blue shorts , but no dress code was evident in the other groups .
Each group goes outside every day for recreation under a white tent set up on concrete . On Wednesday , a group of older girls played soccer with a female agent as other agents cheered . Several agents shot baskets with the girls under the tent , while other girls tossed around a tennis ball .
The groups of children are rotated through the dining area for breakfast , lunch and dinner , and they also get an afternoon cracker snack . Breakfast usually includes a breakfast burrito ; lunch is often rice , beans , chicken and vegetables , and dinner is similar .
One thing the Border Patrol has learned is that Central American children generally are n't big flour eaters , so flour tortillas have been replaced with corn tortillas . Milk is available on request , but most children prefer water .
To ensure safety , agents sweep the fenced-in areas while the children are showering , eating or outside playing . They have found a few pieces of metal in the boys ' area , and lipstick and nail polish in the girls ' section .
The children do n't look unhappy — maybe a little bored — and some waved at reporters as they passed .
Officials did not offer an estimate of the number of children held at the Nogales facility , saying the number changes regularly as new arrivals are processed and others leave .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
LAS VEGAS — Fresh off a vacation to Hawaii , Warriors coach Steve Kerr arrived in Las Vegas on Monday to check out some of their young players in summer league .
They sat courtside with their wife and some of their staff , but periodically hopped around the arena to chat with a number of people around the league who nearly all opened with the same question : “ How are you feeling ? ”
Want Warriors news in your inbox ? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter .
“ I feel good , ” Kerr said . “ If I could live in Hawaii and coach the team from there , I think I 'd be fine the whole time . ”
Included among their stops , Kerr took time to sit down with the Bay Area News Group for about 10 minutes to discuss the Warriors ' eventful offseason , their free agency signings , Kevin Durant 's surprising paycut and more . Here is the transcript .
Related Articles NBA rescinds DeMarcus Cousins ' technical vs. Charlotte
5 technical foul calls even more ridiculous than DeMarcus Cousins ' shoe toss
As Golden State finds its ‘ joy ' , Kevin Durant is playing with anger
Warriors 121 , Hornets 110 : Warriors ' DeMarcus Cousins makes more progress
Warriors ' Draymond Green to play vs Charlotte
Take me through the free agency period from your perspective . A lot went down , but most importantly , you bring Steph ( Curry ) , Kevin ( Durant ) and Andre ( Iguodala ) .
Everything has gone beautifully . Happy for Steph that they got paid . Happy for Andre that they were rewarded for what he 's done here and I think he 's got gas left in the tank . KD facilitated a lot of that . I think some of our other signings were good — Nick Young and Omri Casspi . We have more shooting now than we did a year ago , which is a big deal . Even though everyone thinks it was ( a cruise ) last year , there were games where we needed another shooter .
Were you part of that Andre back and forth at all at the start of free agency ?
Oh , yeah .
What 'd you think of that process ?
I think they should be an agent when he 's done . They should represent other guys .
The decision by Kevin to take the huge paycut of nearly $ 9.5 million . Sounded like that surprised Bob ( Myers ) . How surprised were you and what were your thoughts on it ?
I knew they were going to give up enough money to allow us to keep Andre and Shaun . I did n't know they were going to go beyond that . A remarkable gesture . I told them it reminded me a little bit of Tim Duncan and their time with the Spurs . They made max money and then at key times in their career they took a little less so they could add a player here and there . The way the league works , the way the CBA works , it really kind of is up to the star player at key times to take a little haircut here and there . Whether that 's fair or not , I do n't know . But I do know that Tim knew it was dramatically helping their own career and KD understands the same thing . In the end , he 's going to make a fortune in their career . Already has and they hopefully are going to win more titles and that 's what they care about .
Sounded like you were really at the forefront of the chase to get Nick Young . I know your conversations with Luke ( Walton ) played a part and Bob said you really wanted him .
Yeah . I think Nick fits our style . He 's 6-foot-7 , great 3-point shooter , better defensively than they once are . Used to be a disaster defensively and Luke said they that they were excellent defensively for them last year . They know how we play — switching , anticipating . We think he 's a perfect fit for us . That 's why Draymond and Kevin came to the meeting and sealed the deal .
Beyond your own free agents , was Nick really the one guy you identified as who you wanted to chase ?
Yeah , they were one of them . Again , it 's the way this league has evolved . Length and shooting , 3s and defense . And you also add a guy who can make a play off the dribble , finish at the rim and they can shoot , now you got something . That 's what we had with our roster the last few years . We 're adding another guy who is coming off the bench now with McCaw , Nick , Omri — that 's size , shooting , length , switchability . I think our team got better .
Omri at the minimum . Is that one you are fist-pumping about ?
Yeah . He 's a proven player . He 's a really good player . So I did n't know we 'd be able to get them for that , but timing is everything in this league . Like JaVale ( McGee ) last year . Sometimes it 's just the right time for the player and the team . I 'm hoping that it 's the same case with Omri . I love the way they play . He 's a proven 3-point shooter with deep range , great cutter , moves without the ball , going to fit right in with our offense .
How much do you credit Joe Lacob for paying for all of this ?
It 's unbelieveable . The bill that we 're going to have to pay is off the charts . So I give Joe and Peter ( Guber ) a ton of credit . They stepped up to the plate just like they said they would . We 're lucky . We have an organization that backs up the talk about being all about winning .
How about these younger guys out here , starting with Patrick McCaw . Looked like they were going to have to step into a bigger role . Now you 're bringing a lot of your guys back , so he 'll still have to compete for minutes . But do you expect a jump from Year 1 to 2 ?
Yeah . Oh yeah . You can see the confidence he 's playing with right now in summer league . I think the biggest jump you ever make in your career is between Year 1 and 2 . Year 1 you realize you can play in this league . Now he 's realizing they can be really good in this league . That 's how he 's playing . Given the way we 're going to approach next year , we 're going to play 100-plus games again , trying to get back to the Finals for a fourth year in a row . So we have to pace ourselves , find the right balance between improving , winning games and resting . I feel like we have enough depth where the way the NBA has promised to fix some of the scheduling , we 're going to probably rest one or two guys in any given game . No more than two in one game . We 're not going to do the four or five unless the schedule is a disaster again . But I think we can sit Andre and Shaun strategically and be comfortable with it because of Patrick and Nick and Omri . I 'm pretty comfortable .
How about your newest rookie Jordan Bell ?
I did n't think it would be possible that he 'd still be there . He 's a good passer , active body , has a long way to go like every rookie that comes in the league . But he 's very athletic , stays in front of people like they just did right there ( points at Bell as they properly shut down a drive with a quick lateral slide ) . And he 's got a good mentor in Draymond .
The last roster spot that 's still sitting out there . There 's some talk about maybe bringing JaVale back . Do you need another center ? You ended last year with six centers , only have five right now .
By now I would hope the majority of society has at least heard the term “ Bitcoin ” . Most about what I knew when I was first introduced to this cryptocurrency was that it sounded like Chucky Cheese or Dave & Buster 's tokens . I definitely know how those work , and for me , they do n't last long .
In a way , I had a part of that concept right ; I exchanged my quarters for coins . The biggest problem bitcoin has is it 's ability to explain itself without getting overly technical . A great beginner 's guide to understanding bitcoin can be found in a very organized book titled “ What 's The Big Deal About Bitcoin ? ” by Steve Patterson . I would implore you to read it if you have any questions . In the meantime , I want to give you a few cliff notes to get you started . After knowing this , you wo n't believe how I really feel .
Bitcoin is ambiguous in that it is more than just a currency . It is an open source network in which applications can be made . As bitcoin is in its early adoption phase , the infrastructure can be diagnosed as 3 main parts :
A Currency you can exchange for any other currency An Online Ledger - that stores ownership and transactional data of bitcoins everywhere A Software - a program to which you can assign a tangible object to
How this is so different from a dollar , could n't be more obvious…at least not anymore .
The Currency :
What makes this piece of currency so valuable is it 's scarcity . There are 21 Million Bitcoins capable of being mined ( currently 25 bitcoins every 10 minutes ( This number is halved every four years ) ) . With bitcoin being mined at it 's maximum speed over time , there is only so many that can be produced . The graph looks like this :
It has the founding principles of the gold standard , like our dollar WAS not so long ago . For those that are n't aware , the US dollar has not been associated with any tangible item in existence since FDR . Because the government regulates the Federal Reserve , they can print money whenever and however they want . A basic understanding of economics can show that when supply is high , demand is low . Therefore , your dollars are losing value…right now . Prices go up , you make less money than the cost of living requires , minimum wage goes up , prices go up you make less money… You get the picture . If our humanity requires us to buy and sell , how long can the cycle keep spinning ?
( Most importantly ) The Online Ledger : “ The Block Chain ”
Owning bitcoin is like owning a piece of land that you claim . More specifically , you own a piece of the public bitcoin ledger called , The Blockchain . Every fraction of a bitcoin can be precisely identified to the owner . Just like the dollar has its identifying numbers , fractions of bitcoins are just as identifiable though the code of its programing . You have a digital wallet that is password protected on your smartphone or computer . Every transaction between buyer and seller is held in the programming of the public bitcoin ledger . We can get more technical , but I will leave that for deeper thoughts in the comments below .
For anyone in possession of bitcoin , it requires a level of responsibility to protect their bitcoin wallet just as they would a wallet filled with dollars . The only difference is , if someone gets a hold of your cellphone , they have to know your password and other security settings to obtain your bitcoins . The common criminal would have little use exchanging your phone for dollars compared to your digital wallet 's worth in bitcoin . Moreover , it is possible to trace the exact amount of bitcoin to the exact wallet it belongs to . There is a lot more to speak on the security of Bitcoin mainly because you have to be uncommonly smart and determined to own 51 % of the worlds computing power ( a few billion dollars ) to do any actual harm to the bitcoin system . The real security threat is in 3rd party bitcoin sites . There is always a level of risk anytime you entrust someone with your money . Buying and/or selling is risky in and of itself . This matter of security is the same as buying a crappy service in which you have little chance of receiving a refund .
The Software : ( The overly technical , but really really cool part )
The most unique property of bitcoin is it 's ability to program itself to the tangible item of purchase . For example , you bought a car . The only key that could ever get the car started is the one purchased by the fraction of a bitcoin that you spent on it . The programming of bitcoin is stored and referenced in cloud storage all over the world . If any amount smaller than 50 % of the bitcoin data is destroyed , there is a backup of the data elsewhere that is consistently communicating with remaining storage to retrieve the information . You ca n't really say that about the dollar you hold in your hand .
How I really feel
I 'm mad that it had to come to this , but I 'm overwhelemed with pride and happiness of the potential of this system . The gold standard can not be achieved through our current government monetary policy . It is a fact that our dollar is going to continue to inflate . Its worth will become less than nothing if we print money based on fairy dust . I do n't know that I will live to see the day of the gold standard if my generation ca n't turn things around . What I do know , is the kind of ending we will see for our kids if the war profiteers keep getting richer and the poorer ca n't take work hard enough to stay afloat . I understand the need to feel tangible objects in your hand . I still have to pay rent in dollars . But once you are paid in bitcoin , everyone is accepting bitcoin . Nobody will be able to get their hands on a bitcoin unless it is willfully given or earned . That said , it is possible for our government to concentrate all of it 's forces on destroying bitcoin ; wasting billions of your tax dollars in the process . What kind of world would we live in if this is actually taking place ?
The lack of knowledge in its security , the technological learning curve , and the tradition of earning dollars is holding back the adoption of bitcoin . That said , there is a vast growing community that participate and exchange bitcoin . Today , businesses receive bitcoin . It is free to do so with significantly less intermediary fees incurred . A business can pay its employees in bitcoin . There is already a foundation for this currency to build off of . I see a solution to a problem that could n't have been created under any other circumstances . Here is a video that are clear and concise :
I have to say , I can no longer bask in the glory of ignorance when it comes to money . As I get older ( 13 months short of 30 ) , I find an increasing value in the work that I do to keep a steady income flow . In your profession , you are a construction worker that is trained on a crane and a bulldozer . You are a programmer that is fluent in C++ and Java . You cut hair and style . You teach Spanish and French languages . You work for a living and you have to keep staying relevant and competitive . It is a struggle to find the value of your work . The proof of knowing your worth is defined when you are paid a definitive worth for your labour .
There is a great conversation between Tom Woods and Steve Patterson , the author of , What 's The Big Deal About Bitcoin ? It is structured and detailed perfectly for beginners .
If you want to master the concept of bitcoin , follow Andreas Antonopoulos . When you get the time , here is a longer video of their lecture . I will warn you that the camera man was a little lazy . There is a Q & A in the second half . Andreas has all of the answers .
SPOILER ALERT : Read only if you have already watched The Walking Dead 's midseason premiere , “ Rock in the Road . ”
Smiles , everyone , smiles ! No , we have not just landed a seaplane on Fantasy Island , but you are forgiven for feeling that way at the end of The Walking Dead 's midseason premiere , “ Rock in the Road. ” Surrounded by a scary-looking , weapon-toting group , Rick retaliated with… a huge grin ?
Rick smiling under any circumstances is a momentous occasion , but this one seemed extra curious . What was behind the beam on Rick 's face ? We went to executive producer Greg Nicotero — who also directed the episode — for answers . Nicotero also discusses that epic highway action sequence , Gregory and Ezekiel 's refusal to join the fight , and what 's coming up next . ( Click through both pages to read the entire interview , and also make sure to check out our exclusive storyboards for the insane zombie-slicing extravaganza . )
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY : Let 's start with the very end . Rick is surrounded by this new group carrying shovels and guns , and they are all smiles . What is that smile all about ?
GREG NICOTERO : Of course they are . It 's the perfect ending for the episode . You know , we see them at the beginning , he 's pretty dedicated to putting an army together . They need people to fight , so they go to the Hilltop . They have a loss with Gregory , but then they have a win with Maggie . Then they go to see King Ezekiel , and the king was not necessarily willing to fight , but Rick knows they 're there . Then they find all the explosives on the freeway . So the whole episode is really based on that series of wins and losses for Rick , but Rick 's not giving up .
When they get back to Alexandria and they realize that Gabriel 's gone and strange things are afoot at the Circle K — when they are surrounded by that new and mysterious group that we 've only caught a quick glimmer of , Rick sees soldiers . That 's why they smile . I do n't think he 's worried for a second . I think they look , and he 's like , okay , I need a win here , and there are a lot of people here , and they have weapons , and this is what I need . So the gears are clicking . The gears start turning , and then , boom , we 're out .
This could all be connected to the beginning of the episode when Father Gabriel takes all these supplies out of Alexandria . What is that all about ?
There will be more information as you view it more than one time , because , if you notice , there is a moment when they get in the car , and the car 's driving away , and somebody sits up in the seat next to him . Not alone . So what we like is playing with the idea that it was always intended to be sort of uncertain . Has Gabriel gone a little crazy ? What 's going on ? Did they come up with or brainstorm some plan and he 's going to take all the supplies ? But then , as soon as they drive away , you see somebody sit up in the car next to him .
There 's even a little subtle thing when he 's putting gas in the car . You might see the reflection of somebody in the car . So I think after a couple viewings , it 's sort of apparent — especially even after Rick says Gabriel would n't do that and Gabriel would never leave — that something must have happened . So then they go back to where the boat was , and they find tracks , they realize that they 're following the scent backwards and that Gabriel 's clue sort of leads them to believe that whoever was essentially watching them may have made a move .
It 's interesting when you have life imitating art or art imitating life . We have a president now that has advocated closing our borders , keeping refugees out , and taking care of ourselves first even if that means ignoring problems elsewhere . And then you have Gregory at the Hilltop , who seems to be working off that same script . It 's a bit of a separated at birth type situation .
Yeah , I would agree with that . Clearly , this script… maybe [ showrunner Scott M. Gimple ] has a crystal ball , but the script was written last August , and I do n't really think anybody believed we would be where we are now . I think the deal with Gregory is that he 's figuring out a way to keep this place alive , but the truth of the matter is — and I find Gregory a really fascinating character because they have to have done something right at some point ; otherwise , they would all have been dead a long time ago — but once Rick and their group show their faces , I think all bets are off for Gregory . It 's just a matter of time , and we see Maggie there , and Maggie 's kind of ready to step up .
We 've already established in the first half of the season that they have what it takes to protect this community , and they do n't . I just do n't really quite understand how they ca n't see it , but he 's proven themselves to be a coward . When the place was overrun in episode 5 , they backed away into the darkness , and in this scene , he 's talking to all them like they 're 2-year-olds , and then he 's like , “ Yeah , goodbye. ” So they walk out , and they 're all ready to beat the hell out of him , and then Enid comes in , and then they walk outside , and a lot of the people that are there are like , “ Listen , we know where our loyalties lie . We want to live . We want to survive . We feel that doing that is to follow Maggie . ”
Xander Berkeley 's so good at being a weasel .
He 's so good . That was the first scene I 'd ever directed with him , and we had a great time . There are a lot of light moments in this episode . You know , the first half of the season , it was heavy , man . There was just loss , and guilt , and just watching our hero have their face crushed into the ground under Negan 's rule . And now , in this episode , there 's a certain aspect of Gregory just being so outrageous , that you almost wonder if he 's doing it to provoke them because he 's just such a d— . And then we have the stuff with Ezekiel and Jerry . They all walked into the theater , and Ezekiel 's like , “ Jesus , it pleases me to see you. ” And Jerry goes , “ It pleases him. ” He 's like , “ Jerry ! ” I love that . It 's George Costanza , you know ? There 's a lot of humor in this episode , and there 's a lot of fun in there , and I think a lot of it plays out because the actors all got a chance to play again and not sit there and worry about who was going to get killed .
I know Andy 's talked to you , and Norman 's talked to you about the band being back together again . The chemistry that we have when these guys play scenes together , it 's unparalleled , and I really believe you can see it on screen . I think you can see it when Morgan is in there , or Maggie 's in there , or Rick is in there , or any of them . I mean , they 're all amazing , but I think the strength of The Walking Dead has always been the ensemble from season 1 onward . You know , Shane , and Lori , and Dale , and Andrea , and the strength of the ensemble .
And what 's great about this episode is everybody gets to shine . Everybody has a bone to pick with Negan . So how they 're going to express it , how they 're going to carry out their anger , whether it 's guilt or whether it 's they 're the ones left behind . You look at what Rosita did in episode 8 , you look at what Maggie 's lost , what Sasha 's lost , what Daryl sort of partially was responsible for , there are so many great nuances . All of the blocks were lined up in the first half of the season for all of this to come to fruition in the next couple episodes .
NEXT : How they did that crazy highway scene and what 's coming up next
Former `` Apprentice '' contestant Summer Zervos , who accused Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE of inappropriate sexual conduct , filed a defamation lawsuit on Tuesday against the president-elect , their attorney , Gloria Allred , announced .
`` The lawsuit alleges that Ms. Zervos had been subjected to unwanted sexual touching by Donald Trump and that they had told family and friends about the incidents not long after these incidents occurred , '' Allred said during a press conference held Tuesday .
Allred said Zervos decided not to take any action against the president-elect or go public with their story at the time it happened .
ADVERTISEMENT
But that changed in October of last year , Allred said .
Multiple women came forward then to accuse Trump of sexual misconduct after the release of a 2005 `` Access Hollywood '' video in which Trump is heard making lewd comments about women .
In the tape , Trump talked about how they could grope and kiss women without their consent because of their celebrity status .
Zervos held a press conference last year when they described a 2007 incident in which they say Trump groped and kissed them during a meeting about a job opportunity . Trump and their team denied the claims made by Zervos at the time .
`` On Nov. 11 , 2016 , I called on Mr. Trump to retract their statements about me calling me a liar . I also called upon them to state that what I said about their behavior toward me was true , '' Zervos said during the press conference Tuesday .
`` More than two months have gone by and they have not issued that retraction . I wanted to give Mr. Trump the opportunity to retract their false statements about me and the other women who came forward . '' Zervos said since Trump has n't issued a retraction , they were left with no alternative other than to sue them `` in order to vindicate my reputation . '' They said they would still be willing to dismiss their case against the president-elect if they would `` simply retract their false and defamatory statements about me and acknowledge that I told the truth about him . ''
Five years ago Intel announced its ambitious tick-tock release cadence . We were doubtful that Intel could pull off such an aggressive schedule but with the exception of missing a few months here or there tick-tock has been a success . On years marked by a tick Intel introduces a new manufacturing process , while tock years keep manufacturing process the same and introduce a new microprocessor architecture . To date we 've had three tocks ( Conroe , Nehalem , Sandy Bridge ) and two ticks ( Penryn , Westmere ) . Sampling by the end of this year and shipping in the first half of next year will be Intel 's third tick : Ivy Bridge .
Ivy Bridge ( IVB ) is the first chip to use Intel 's 22nm tri-gate transistors , which will help scale frequency and reduce power consumption . As we already mentioned , mobile Ivy Bridge will be the first Intel CPU to bring four cores into a 35W TDP .
At a high level Ivy Bridge looks a lot like Sandy Bridge . It 's still a monolithic die that features an integrated GPU . The entire die is built at 22nm , continuing Intel 's march towards truly addressing integrated graphics performance . Ivy Bridge wo n't get rid of the need for a discrete GPU but , like Sandy Bridge , it is a step in the right direction .
Intel has n't announced die size but transistor count has increased to approximately 1.4 billion ( layout ) . This is up from 1.16 billion in Sandy Bridge , a 20.7 % increase . With perfect scaling a 22nm Sandy Bridge die would be 47.3 % the size of a 32nm die . Even with the increase in transistor count , it 's a good bet that Ivy Bridge will be noticeably smaller than Sandy Bridge .
Motherboard & Chipset Support
Ivy Bridge is backwards compatible with existing LGA-1155 motherboards , although there will be a new chipset for Ivy Bridge and new motherboards to enable some features ( e.g . PCI Express 3.0 , native USB 3.0 ) . The new chipset family falls under the 7-series banner . We 'll see Z77 , Z75 , H77 , Q77 , Q75 and B75 available at or around launch .
Chipset Comparison Z77 Z75 H77 Z68 P67 H67 CPU Support IVB
LGA-1155 IVB
LGA-1155 IVB
LGA-1155 SNB/IVB
LGA-1155 SNB/IVB
LGA-1155 SNB/IVB
LGA-1155 CPU Overclocking Yes Yes No Yes Yes No CPU PCIe Config 1 x16 or
2 x8 or
1 x8 + 2 x4
PCIe 3.0 1 x16 or
2 x8 PCIe 3.0 1 x16 PCIe 3.0 1 x16 or
2 x8 or
1 x8 + 2 x4
PCIe 3.0 1 x16 or
2 x8 PCIe 3.0 1 x16 PCIe 3.0 Processor Graphics Support Yes Yes No Yes Intel SRT ( SSD caching ) Yes No Yes Yes No No RAID Support Yes Yes Yes Yes USB 2.0 Ports ( 3.0 ) 14 ( 4 ) 14 ( 4 ) 14 ( 4 ) 14 14 14 SATA Total ( Max Number of 6Gbps Ports ) 6 ( 2 ) 6 ( 2 ) 6 ( 2 ) 6 ( 2 ) 6 ( 2 ) 6 ( 2 ) PCIe Lanes 8 ( 5GT/s ) 8 ( 5GT/s ) 8 ( 5GT/s ) 8 ( 5GT/s ) 8 ( 5GT/s ) 8 ( 5GT/s )
As I mentioned above , Ivy Bridge finally supports USB 3.0 natively . The consumer 7-series chipsets feature 14 total USB ports , 4 of which are USB 3.0 capable . The CPU itself features 16 PCIe ( 1x16 , 2x8 or 1x8 + 2x4 ) gen 3 lanes to be used for graphics and/or high performance IO . You will only see Gen 3 speeds on qualified motherboards . It 's technically possible on 6-series motherboards but guaranteed on 7-series motherboards . The Z77 and H77 chipsets will support Intel 's Smart Response Technology ( SRT , aka SSD caching ) which is a Z68 exclusive today .
SATA and chipset-attached PCIe slots have n't changed . Overclocking is supported on all Z-chipsets , while the H-chipset does n't . All chipsets support Intel 's HD Graphics , which is a departure from the Sandy Bridge mess where P67 did n't .
In 2012 , India set the record for the largest energy blackout in history affecting more than 700 million people and exposing the weakness of the national grid . There are a handful of technologies that can deliver reliable power to a country like India suffering from endemic power cuts—rooftop-solar power is one of them .
A lack of financing stifles many entrepreneurs ' efforts to provide local people with reliable solar power Tweet This Quote
While the potential for rooftop solar is vast , a lack of financing stifles many entrepreneurs ' efforts to provide local people reliable solar power . Local banks are uninterested in funding this seemingly “ new ” technology , even though it 's been around since the 70 's . International lenders like the Overseas Private Investment Corporation ( OPIC ) and the International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) could jumpstart the market by providing the initial funds , but they are stuck in the past paradigm of big centralized power plants . To catalyze the rooftop-solar industry in India and beyond , international lenders need to develop a new framework to invest in small-scale solar projects .
International lenders need to develop a new framework to invest in small-scale solar projects Tweet This Quote
There is great need for reliable power in India . In some states , power cuts occur everyday and can last for more than 16 hours . In all cities , blackouts are likely to occur and are most dangerous on hot summer days when everyone is using their air conditioners . Conveniently , solar power is the perfect solution to this problem because its peak production occurs in the middle of the day providing electricity to people when they need to cool down . As solar power scales up , it can eventually eliminate that mid-day peak as has already happened in countries with a lot of solar power , like Germany .
In nearly half of Indian states , rooftop solar is cheaper than the electricity commercial buildings can buy from the grid . And in nearly all states , it is cheaper than electricity from diesel-backup generators . Instead of spending billions of dollars on diesel and unreliable grid electricity , that investment can be used to deploy rooftop solar .
There is great need for reliable power in India . Tweet This Quote
This is already occurring globally . In 2014 , almost 140 billion was invested in the solar industry . Of this massive investment , $ 70 billion was invested in smaller-scale , distributed solar projects like rooftop systems . Scale increasingly means that dozens of rooftop installations can be aggregated into billions of dollars of deployment . Small is big .
Deploying billions of dollars of rooftop solar requires investment , and local investors and banks in India are not getting the job done . Some international organizations are helping to fill the gap though . Obama announced a $ 4 billion government-backed investment in India this past month . Half of that sum will go towards renewable energy through the U.S. Trade and Development Agency , and another $ 1 billion from the OPIC will be lent to small and medium-size businesses ( SMBs ) in rural areas . These sums are a great start , but they wo n't reach local solar entrepreneurs unless the big organizations change their mindset .
International lenders are still stuck in the past when electricity meant big , centralized power plants with extensive grids . This model has failed to bring reliable electricity to millions of Indians as well as the 1.3 billion people globally without access to electricity . International lenders have been unsuccessful in financing rooftop solar because it is too small ; they need to figure out how to make their big grants reach small solar systems .
The rooftop solar industry in India and other emerging markets is prime and ready to boom . Tweet This Quote
The investments big institutions—the IFC , OPIC , and US Export Import Bank—make into local entrepreneurs deploying rooftop solar will demonstrate to local financiers the attractive return sitting under their noses . As domestic lenders pile into the rooftop solar market , the international funding organizations can step aside and use their funds to catalyze the industry in another country . In turn , this will unleash a multi-billion dollar investment opportunity , like what is happening in the US and Europe .
The rooftop solar industry in India and other emerging markets is prime and ready to boom . All that is need is a few savvy financiers to light the spark that starts the solar revolution .
I was totally ready to share a stirred drink with y'all , when suddenly it snowed again here in Brooklyn ! This change of weather has me feeling pressed to post another Tiki The Snow Away drink ( and this one uses Templeton Rye ) . MAY THE GODS FAVOR US WITH BETTER WEATHER !
Warmer climates ! Warmer climates ! Oh how I wish I was in a warmer climate !
Seriously though , does n't the sight of this drink make you wan na get on a plane to Central America/Hawaii/The Caribbean/Southern California ? Me too .
Here are your cast of characters :
If y'all ca n't tell , I 'm on a bit of a Templeton Rye kick : “ The Good Stuff ” is so smooth and plays so well with others . It works extra well with Rum ! Speaking of Rum : Smith & Cross + Templeton Rye is a great split base . Highly recommend . Orgeat , Piña , Lemon : These three make for a real killer Tiki “ punch base ” Bittermens Elemakule Tiki Bitters : Tiki in a bottle . Seriously , the spices are perfect .
The name of this one is a play on the fact that Al Capone was obsessed with Templeton Rye during their bootlegging days . I imagine that Capone took a vacation to the Caribbean , and though surrounded by Rum , still could n't get Templeton out of their head .
Capone 's Curse
1 3/4 oz Templeton Rye
3/4 oz Smith & Cross Navy Strength Jamaica Rum
3/4 oz Pineapple Juice
3/4 oz Lemon Juice
3/4 oz Orgeat *
10 drops Bittermen 's Elemakule Tiki Bitters
Garnish : Pineapple Spear Bunny Ears , pineapple chunk , Luxardo Maraschino Cherry
Combine ingredients over ice and short shake . Strain into tall Tiki Mug over crushed ice and garnish .
* Every Orgeat is different , adjust according to the sweetness of your Orgeat .
Cheers to y'all in this strange February weather !
Advertisements
Phototrope : All story
Photography , for me , has always been about story . Has always been about placing markers in my mind to which to later return . It was , long ago , about obsessing over the mechanics of process and geekery , the zone system , about perfect black and white saturation and gradients . But that period was short . And throughout the years , I 've found myself returning to — with each tick of my photographic journey , each incremental tick of technology — the story . The who , what , when , where , why , and how of the thing before the lens . And how capturing that image would inform some future version of my self , or , god willing , something larger .
Avedon
Clarence Lippard , the drifter © Richard Avedon
I return again and again to Avedon 's portraits , not because they 're beautifully exposed ( though they are ) or because they used large format film , but because within each face lives branched lives , alternate universes . And I get lost in those universes . They speak to me , are full of myth — pull me in and demand attention like a bracing short story .
But the most poignant or moving , certainly most intimate , of all of Richard 's images are those of their father . Made more powerful because of the following letter and story accompanying them :
Dear Dad , I 'm putting this in a letter because phone calls have a way of disappearing in the whatever it is . I 'm trying to put into words what I feel most deeply , not just about you , but about my work and the years of undefinable father and son between us . I 've never understood why I 've saved the best that 's in me for strangers like Stravinsky and not for my own father . There was a picture of you on the piano that I saw every day when I was growing up . It was by the Bachrach studio and heavily retouched and we all used to call it “ Smilin ' Jack Avedon ” —it was a family joke , because it was a photograph of a man we never saw , and of a man I never knew . Years later , Bachrach did an advertisement with me—Richard Avedon , Photographer—as a subject . Their photograph of me was the same as the photograph of you . We were up on the same piano , where neither of us had ever lived . I am trying to do something else . When you pose for a photograph , it 's behind a smile that is n't yours . You are angry and hungry and alive . What I value in you is that intensity . I want to make portraits as intense as people . I want your intensity to pass into me , go through the camera and become a recognition to a stranger . I love your ambition and your capacity for disappointment , and that 's still as alive in you as it has ever been . Do you remember you tried to show me how to ride a bicycle , when I was nine years old ? You had come up to New Hampshire for the weekend , I think , in the summer when we were there on vacation , and you were wearing your business suit . You were showing me how to ride a bike , and you fell and I saw your face then . I remember the expression on your face when you fell . I had my box Brownie with me , and I took the picture . I 'm not making myself clear . Do you understand ? Love , Dick
Jacob Isreal Avedon © Richard Avedon
Hosoe
Yukio Mishima , © Eikoh Hosoe
I return to Hosoe and their portraits of Mishima . To be privy to such an intimate relationship with that powerful , complicated artist , and then share with us that access is truly a gift . The fact that the images were beautifully exposed and black and white is secondary to that greater story . And , indeed , it 's atop that greater story on which these images live and die .
Toledano
Phil and their dad , © Phil Toledano
I return to Phil Toledano and the raw , saccharine images of their father . [ 6 ] They bring me back to my own images of my late grandmother , shot with some random medium format device I borrowed from a friend , in my attempt to capture the last few moments of their life as they were pulled under and made increasingly incoherent by the dark tide of Parkinson 's Disease .
In those moments the machine did not matter one bit . And I am grateful — indeed , I owe so much — to those images for helping me and my family better understand just what was happening , however fleeting , inside of a mind made impenetrable by disease .
My late grandparents
This is my lens : Moments , memory , story , beauty . Basically in that order . Humor is also in there , above beauty . Beauty has some intrinsic value , but , in my opinion , beauty shrouded in thin story is not worth as much as great story encased in the dregs of the world . [ 7 ] Story , for me , gives purpose to the beauty .
This is why Cartier-Bresson can take blurry masterpieces ( although this was greatly , hilariously , mortifyingly debated by the Flickr community ) — because they are first and foremost story or documentation , and secondly technical achievement .
© Cartier-Bresson
The shift to a smartphone for photography scares me because I love the boxes . Love their purpose . Their simplicity . So dearly love knowing I 've captured all that detail . Love their constraints and all the potential packed within them . But in the end , for me , photography has never been about a box . The box was always a means .
Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has long been obsessed with the idea of becoming America 's first female president .
But the Clinton campaign 's recent stop in West Virginia may prove that the White House will remain out of their reach again — and could instead fall into the hands of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump .
And that 's enough to send the Clinton campaign into full-blown panic .
When President Bill Clinton rolled into the small Appalachian town of Ashland , Kentucky , in 1996 , cheering crowds lined the streets . Local boy turned country music star Billy Ray Cyrus performed a special version of their hit , “ Achy Breaky Heart. ” And nearly 20,000 supporters attended a riverfront re-election rally , dozens collapsing from heat exhaustion in the August sun .
Back then , this was unquestionably Clinton country . Today , West Virginia — and states like it — looks an awful lot more like Trump town .
Hillary Clinton was met in Ashland on Monday by just a handful of supporters and a lone heckler , who shouted : “ Go home , Hillary ! Nobody wants you here. ” Later on , hundreds of protesters stood in pouring rain , waved Donald Trump signs and chanted “ Kill-ary ” as Clinton toured a health center 80 miles to the south in Williamson , West Virginia .
The unwelcome reception marks a striking political shift for the Clintons , who 've long staked their electoral fortunes on working class white voters . Them husband won the White House in 1992 by wooing Southern swing voters in places such as Kentucky , West Virginia and Tennessee , and Hillary Clinton swept all three states in their primary run in 2008 against then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama .
Eight years later , Trump 's connection with those voters could pose a threat to Clinton not only in the coal mining communities of Appalachia they visited on Monday , but also in parts of the Rust Belt and upper Midwest hit hard by the decline of domestic manufacturing .
As they increasingly focus their efforts on the general election , Clinton is trying to replicate the electoral strategy that twice boosted Obama into the White House by concentrating on wooing young , minority and female voters .
However , in 2008 , President Barack Obama won 41 % of the white male vote nationwide . And in 2012 , they won 36 % — proving it an essential voting block that contributed to Obama 's victory in battleground states .
“ Democratic officials and pollsters say they fear that without a stronger strategy , Mrs. Clinton could perform as poorly among white men as Walter Mondale , who drew just 32 percent in 1984 , or even George McGovern , who took 31 percent in 1972 , ” according to The New York Times .
In continues , saying that while “ Clinton swept the five major primaries on Tuesday , [ Apr . 26 ] they lost white men in all of them , and by double-digit margins in Missouri , North Carolina and Ohio , exit polls showed . ”
That leaves Clinton more vulnerable in a general election than most realize . Dropping to 31-32 % of the white male vote in states like Pennsylvania and Ohio , the electoral college math becomes very difficult for Clinton .
And it could be even worse than that 31 % for Clinton , some political analysts note . In the Ohio Democratic primary , The New York Times reported that “ a plurality of white men said honesty and trustworthiness were the most important qualities in a candidate , and 89 percent of them voted for [ Democratic rival Bernie ] Sanders . ”
Quick math draws a prospective electoral map —
Click the map to create your own at 270toWin.com
On Sunday , Bill Clinton was booed at an event in Logan , West Virginia . Before they arrived , the town 's mayor sent an email to West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin 's office , saying the couple was n't welcome to use city fire department facilities for their political events .
“ The policies that have been championed by people like Mrs. Clinton have all but devastated our fair town , and honestly , enough is enough , ” read the e-mail , according to WOWK-TV .
Clinton 's waning popularity in the region was further hurt by a remark they made in a March interview with CNN , when they said they would “ put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business. ” They were responding to a question about how their policies would benefit poor white people in Southern states .
In Williamson on Monday , Bo Copley , a laid-off coal worker , asked Clinton why voters should believe their pledges to help the region . Clinton released a $ 30 billion plan last fall aimed at aiding communities dependent on coal production .
“ I ca n't take it back and I certainly ca n't get people who for politically reasons or personal reasons , very painful reasons , are upset with me , ” said Clinton , who called the comment a “ misstatement. ” ” I 'm going to do whatever I can to try to help . ”
Outside their event , protesters were n't buying .
Dionne Collins , 42 , said they voted for Bill Clinton , but had grown increasingly disgusted with both political parties .
“ Hillary Clinton should be in prison , ” they said . “ The only hope to me that this country has right now is Donald Trump . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this article
The year 1969 was pivotal in so many ways for humanity . At its dawn , American astronauts had newly returned from circling the Moon , and by July it had produced our first piloted landfall on another world . These astonishing achievements continue to resonate today—particularly following 2012 's untimely loss of Neil Armstrong—but there is one mission , flown in March 1969 , which is a decidedly unsung hero of the effort to plant bootprints on the lunar surface . It rose only to low-Earth orbit , but without it those historic steps at the Sea of Tranquility could not have been taken .
The mission was Apollo 9 , and would be forever remembered as a mission of gumdrops and spiders , sickness and golden slippers…and the flight of “ The Red Rover ” .
Continue reading ‘ Not Supposed To Happen ' : Remembering Apollo 9 , 50 Years On ( Part 1 )
The Toronto Marlies are second place in the North Division after going on a 27-10-2-0 run since their last-place showing in January . They will be facing the third-seed Albany Devils in the first round of playoffs , a best-of-five series . The higher-seeded team was allowed to choose where to begin the series , and Toronto chose to start in Albany .
The Marlies are in an interesting position -- the teams above and below them in the affiliation are also in playoffs , so they are short on black aces or new first-line fodder for their run . Hopefully this does n't matter ; in the words of Sheldon Keefe , Garret Sparks has become much more consistent in goal . Keefe told the Toronto Sun : “ When Sparks was ( putting in ) consistent goaltending , when we got them going , you 're giving up two goals a game as opposed to three and suddenly we 're on the other side of one-goal games . ''
During the regular season , the Marlies were 3-3-1-1 against Albany and outscored them 24-21 . Last season , the Marlies faced Albany in the second round , and went seven games before eliminating them to advance to the conference final . The Devils have an excellent penalty kill , but Toronto has a 22.3 % conversion rate on the power play . Which team will push through ?
If you live in Toronto , you can purchase tickets by the following means :
Playoff tickets for round one and full playoff packages are available through marlies.ca or by calling 416-597-PUCK ( 7825 ) .
If you are watching from afar , you can purchase a team subscription at AHL TV .
Here are the locations and dates for the first round .
N2-Toronto Marlies vs. N3-Albany Devils
Game 1 – Thu. , Apr . 20 – Toronto at Albany , 7:00
Game 2 – Sat. , Apr . 22 – Toronto at Albany , 5:00
Game 3 – Wed. , Apr . 26 – Albany at Toronto , 7:00
* Game 4 – Fri. , Apr . 28 – Albany at Toronto , 7:00
* Game 5 – Sat. , Apr . 29 – Albany at Toronto , 7:00
* if necessary… All times Eastern
A1-Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins vs. A4-Providence Bruins
Game 1 – Fri. , Apr . 21 – W-B/Scranton at Providence , 7:05
Game 2 – Sun. , Apr . 23 – W-B/Scranton at Providence , 3:05
Game 3 – Thu. , Apr . 27 – Providence at W-B/Scranton , 7:05
* Game 4 – Fri. , Apr . 28 – Providence at W-B/Scranton , 7:05
* Game 5 – Sun. , Apr . 30 – Providence at W-B/Scranton , 3:05
* if necessary… All times Eastern
A2-Lehigh Valley Phantoms vs. A3-Hershey Bears
Game 1 – Fri. , Apr . 21 – Hershey at Lehigh Valley , 7:05
Game 2 – Sat. , Apr . 22 – Hershey at Lehigh Valley , 7:05
Game 3 – Wed. , Apr . 26 – Lehigh Valley at Hershey , 7:00
* Game 4 – Sat. , Apr . 29 – Lehigh Valley at Hershey , 7:00
* Game 5 – Sun. , Apr . 30 – Hershey at Lehigh Valley , 5:05
* if necessary… All times Eastern
N1-Syracuse Crunch vs. N4-St. John 's IceCaps
Game 1 – Fri. , Apr . 21 – Syracuse at St. John 's , 6:00
Game 2 – Sat. , Apr . 22 – Syracuse at St. John 's , 6:00
Game 3 – Wed. , Apr . 26 – St. John 's at Syracuse , 7:00
* Game 4 – Fri. , Apr . 28 – St. John 's at Syracuse , 7:00
* Game 5 – Sat. , Apr . 29 – St. John 's at Syracuse , 7:00
* if necessary… All times Eastern
C1-Chicago Wolves vs. C4-Charlotte Checkers
Game 1 – Thu. , Apr . 20 – Chicago at Charlotte , 7:00
Game 2 – Fri. , Apr . 21 – Chicago at Charlotte , 7:15
Game 3 – Sun. , Apr . 23 – Charlotte at Chicago , 3:00
* Game 4 – Tue. , Apr . 25 – Charlotte at Chicago , 8:00
* Game 5 – Wed. , Apr . 26 – Charlotte at Chicago , 8:00
* if necessary… All times Eastern
C2-Grand Rapids Griffins vs. C3-Milwaukee Admirals
Game 1 – Fri. , Apr . 21 – Milwaukee at Grand Rapids , 7:00
Game 2 – Sun. , Apr . 23 – Milwaukee at Grand Rapids , 4:00
Game 3 – Wed. , Apr . 26 – Grand Rapids at Milwaukee , 8:00
* Game 4 – Fri. , Apr . 28 – Grand Rapids at Milwaukee , 8:00
* Game 5 – Mon. , May 1 – Milwaukee at Grand Rapids , 7:00
* if necessary… All times Eastern
P1-San Jose Barracuda vs. P4-Stockton Heat
Game 1 – Fri. , Apr . 21 – Stockton at San Jose , 10:00
Game 2 – Sun. , Apr . 23 – Stockton at San Jose , 6:00
Game 3 – Fri. , Apr . 28 – San Jose at Stockton , 10:00
* Game 4 – Sun. , Apr . 30 – San Jose at Stockton , 7:00
* Game 5 – Tue. , May 2 – Stockton at San Jose , 10:00
* if necessary ... All times Eastern
P2-San Diego Gulls vs. P3-Ontario Reign
Game 1 – Fri. , Apr . 21 – Ontario at San Diego , 10:00
Game 2 – Sat. , Apr . 22 – San Diego at Ontario , 10:00
Game 3 – Fri. , Apr . 28 – Ontario at San Diego , 10:00
* Game 4 – Mon. , May 1 – San Diego at Ontario , 10:00
* Game 5 – Tue. , May 2 – Ontario at San Diego , 10:00
* if necessary ... All times Eastern
A Widow 's Story : A Memoir by Joyce Carol Oates Ecco , 417 pp. , $ 27.99
In their essay “ The Proper Means of Regulating Sorrow , ” * Dr. Johnson identifies the dreadful uniqueness of grief among the human passions . Ordinary desires , virtuous or vicious , contain within them the theoretical possibility of their satisfaction :
The miser always imagines that there is a certain sum that will fill their heart to the brim ; and every ambitious man , like King Pyrrhus , has an acquisition in their thoughts that is to terminate their labours , after which they shall pass the rest of their life in ease or gaity , in repose or devotion .
But grief , or “ sorrow , ” is different in kind . Even with painful passions—fear , jealousy , anger—nature always suggests to us a solution , and with it an end to that oppressive feeling :
But for sorrow there is no remedy provided by nature ; it is often occasioned by accidents irreparable , and dwells upon objects that have lost or changed their existence ; it requires what it can not hope , that the laws of the universe should be repealed ; that the dead should return , or the past should be recalled .
Unless we have a religious belief that envisages the total resurrection of the body , we know that we shall never see the lost loved again on terrestrial terms : never see , never talk and listen to , never touch , never hold . In the quarter of a millenium since Johnson described the unparalleled pain of grief , we—we in the secularizing West , at least—have got less good at dealing with death , and therefore with its emotional consequences . Of course , at one level we know that we shall all die ; but death has come to be looked upon more as a medical failure than a human norm . It increasingly happens away from the home , in hospital , and is handled by a series of outside specialists—a matter for the professionals . But afterward we , the amateurs , the grief-struck , are left to deal with it—this unique , banal thing—as best we can . And there are now fewer social forms to surround and support the grief-bearer .
Very little is handed down from one generation to the next about what it is like . We are expected to suffer it in comparative silence ; being “ strong ” is the template ; wailing and weeping a sign of “ giving in to grief , ” which is held to be a bad way of “ dealing with it. ” Of course , there is the love of family and friends to fall back on , but they may know less than we do , and their concerned phrases— “ It does get better ” ; “ Two years is what they say ” ; “ You are looking more yourself ” —are often based on uncertain authority and general hopefulness . Death sorts people out : both the grief-bearers and those around them . As the survivor 's life is forcibly recalibrated , friendships are often tested ; some pass , some fail . Co-grievers may indulge in the phenomenon of competitive mourning : I loved him/her…
I see that Rich Crowther at Conservatives for Palin has written a second “ Skinny White Sunday ” post which misrepresents me in the guise of congratulating me for my “ courage ” .
Big whoop . Being complimented on my “ courage ” means little coming from someone so intellectually dishonest .
‘ Nuff said . I have better things to do with my time than to pay their b.s . any further mind .
But it occurs to me that Mr. Crowther 's writings , as well as much else at the C4P website , provide excellent examples for anyone who might be studying the use of logic ( or rather , its lack ) and reason ( or rather , its lack ) in public discourse . There are lots of good sources on the Internet or elsewhere on logical fallacies — see , for example ,
I invite you to consult any of these resources and see how many logical fallacies you can detect in Mr. Crowther 's article :
To locate all their fallacies accurately , you 'll need to refer to their prior “ Skinny White Sunday ” post & my reponse to it :
( Additional background posts are listed below . )
For extra credit , do the same for any other of Rich Crowther 's posts .
Have fun !
During the first week of CZTI operation , the supernova remnant Crab Nebula and the black hole source Cyg X-1 were monitored . The Crab Nebula can be treated as a standard candle and it was used as a calibrator for timing and imaging , and also to measure the response of the instrument at large off-axis angles . One of the projected objectives of CZTI is wide-angle monitoring of the sky in hard X-ray band to record strange and rare events like Gamma-ray Bursts ( GRB ) .
Luckily , on the first day of operation of CZTI , the Swift satellite reported the detection of a Gamma-ray burst , at 09:55:01 UT , named GRB 151006A . We were eager to know whether CZTI was operational at that time ( i.e . outside SAA ) and if the GRB was in a favourable condition to be observed . A quick calculation showed that this GRB was 60.7 degrees away from the CZTI pointing direction and , at this angle , CZTI should be sensitive to this GRB at energies greater than about 60 keV . The instrument time is yet to be calibrated precisely as the data analysis pipe-line is yet to be streamlined ; still a band of youngsters delved into the voluminous data to extract the precious information about this messenger of a blast from the extremities of the universe : GRB 151006A .
Yes , there it is : the GRB made its presence felt as an increase in the recorded counts , shown in Figure 1 . At higher energies ( above 100 keV ) , the shielding material at the side of the CZTI is designed to be more transparent and one can see a significant and sharp jump in the counts above 100 keV during the GRB time .
One of the much anticipated properties of CZTI is its ability to identify X-rays depending on the method by which they interact with the detector . If it is by inelastic scattering ( called the Compton scattering ) , they should obey certain scattering principles ; and when all the recorded events were subjected to the Compton scattering criteria , there indeed was a significant jump in the count rate . In Figure 2 , the so-called ` Compton ' events ( that is , double events satisfying all the requirements of the theoretical expectations of Compton scattering ) are plotted as a function of time , the reference time ( time zero ) being the trigger time of the GRB reported by the Swift satellite .
This information was flashed to the scientific community through GCN ( the Gamma-ray Coordinates Network maintained by NASA ) , and the resultant GCN circular is shown in Figure 3 .
Fig 1 : Observed count profile of GRB 151006A .
Fig 2 : Observed count profile of Compton events during GRB 151006A .
Fig . 3 : GCN Circular 18422
Gamma-ray bursts - blasts from the past : Gamma-ray bursts are , as the name suggests , bursts of gamma-rays , coming from apparently random directions in the sky . They were discovered serendipitously in the sixties by the American Vela satellites designed to detect possible surreptitious nuclear weapon tests by the then Soviet Union . For long , they remained a mystery , but in the late ninties the Italian-Dutch satellite Beppo-SAX managed to measure longer wavelength lingering radiations from them in soft X-rays ( called the after-glows ) and identify them with far away galaxies . Currently , there are two dedicated satellites measuring their properties : the Swift and the Fermi satellites . Thousands of GRBs have been detected and some of them are identified to be so far away that they originated when the universe was less than a billion years old ( the current age of the universe is 13 billion years ) .
So , what is the big deal of CZTI detecting one more GRB ?
In spite of the vast amount of data available , GRBs still remain a mystery . One class of GRBs called the long GRBs are associated with newly formed black holes while another class , called the short GRBs , are believed to be the tell-tale signs of the merger of two compact objects . There is also an emerging school of thought which postulates that GRBs originate from neutron stars with extremely high magnetic field , called the magnetars . The current debate about the origin of GRBs is accentuated by the fact that the characteristics of the burst of gamma-rays are ill understood and the radiation mechanisms responsible for the emission is not quantified .
The Swift satellite , as the name suggests , is swift in pointing itself towards new GRBs and locating the afterglows : it has limited response above 150 keV and it is unable to fix the spectral parameter like the peak energy for many GRBs with ` hard ' spectrum . A simultaneous observation with the CZTI , which is sensitive upto 250 keV and has the best spectral capability , ever , for GRB studies in the 80 – 250 keV regions , will certainly help in measuring the spectral parameters . The Fermi satellite , on the other hand , is very sensitive to higher energy emission and detects a lot of short-hard GRBs , but it has very limited localisation capability . CZTI can pitch in for short-hard GRBs and localise them much better than Fermi . If the spectral and localisation capabilities of CZTI can be demonstrated by a detailed analysis of GRB 151006A , it will enrich the GRB science by providing spectral properties for long GRBs and localisation of short GRBs ( it is estimated that 50 to 100 GRBs would be detected by CZTI in a year ) .
But , the biggest deal , however , is the mouth-watering profile shown in Figure 2 . CZTI , as designed , is sensitive to detect Compton scattered events and a demostration of this capability in GRB 151006A is extremely significant for the following reason : the Compton scattering process is sensitive to the polarisation of the incident X-rays and if CZTI is sensitive to Compton scattering , then it is surely sensitive to the polarisation characteristics . Hence , for brighter GRBs , a precise value of polarisation amplitude should be measurable ( this GRB has about 500 counts detected as Compton scattered events and it is estimated that one needs at least 2000 counts to make a reliable polarisation measurement ) . Though polarisation has been measured in a few GRBs , this is the first time ever that spectral , timing , and polarisation properties of GRBs in hard X-rays will be measured simultaneously and it will have far reaching implications in the understanding of the radiation mechanisms of GRBs .
Meanwhile , as they say : During the first week of CZTI observations , CZTI measured the pulse period of Crab Pulsar ( shown in Figure 4 ) , demonstrating the timing capability of the instrument .
Fig 4 : Power spectrum of Crab observations . Crab pulsar frequency with its harmonics are clearly seen at a frequency corresponding to 29.65 Hz and its multiples .
Affordable health insurance is already hard to get in many parts of rural America . Repealing the Obamacare mandate will make the situation worse .
There has been considerable talk of the national effect of repealing the Obamacare health-insurance-purchasing mandate , which the president wants , and which is currently part of the Senate tax-cut bill . A revised Congressional Budget Office estimate suggests as many as 13 million people could lose health insurance over ten years , with individual premiums going up about 10 percent a year — a price Senate Republicans appear ready for other people to pay in exchange for the symbolic strike against Obamacare and $ 338 billion to devote to tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy .
Now we have some new analysis from the Los Angeles Times on how the mandate repeal might affect specific parts of the country . And it 's bad news for the rural people of Trump Country .
There are 454 counties nationwide with only one health insurer on the marketplace in 2018 and where the cheapest plan available to a 40-year-old consumer costs at least $ 500 a month . Markets in these places risk collapsing if Congress scraps the individual insurance mandate .
These areas are at risk because repealing the mandate — a significant incentive to younger and healthier people — could make the mix of participants in the risk pools for Obamacare too old and too sick to be sustainable at affordable rates , leading insurers to abandon them .
Eighty-six percent of these 454 at-risk counties have fewer than 50,000 residents , census data show . Healthcare costs are often higher in rural areas , as there are fewer medical providers and populations tend to be older and sicker .
These counties also overwhelmingly supported Donald Trump last year , with 9 out of 10 backing the Republican presidential ticket , according to election data .
In addition to Alaska , Iowa , Missouri , Nebraska , Nevada and Wyoming , the counties are clustered in southwestern Arizona , western Colorado , southern Mississippi , central North Carolina , as well as parts of Georgia , Virginia and West Virginia .
It 's unlikely Republican senators from these states will bat an eyelash at the prospect of screwing over their constituents via much higher premiums or the complete collapse of Obamacare markets . After all , most of them voted again and again earlier this year to screw over red-state white working-class Americans by deeply cutting Medicaid as part of their various Obamacare repeal-and-replace bills . And the psychic value of sideswiping Obamacare in a tax bill — sort of like a second helping of dessert after a Thanksgiving feast — is almost literally priceless to conservative ideologues .
Many of the people affected by this measure probably do n't much like the idea of being told they have to buy health insurance . But they 'll like having no real access to health insurance even less .
Racked is no longer publishing . Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years . The archives will remain available here ; for new stories , head over to Vox.com , where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox . You can also see what we 're up to by signing up here .
No one walks into a makeup consultation like , `` Ha , I am going to forget literally everything you said about how to recreate this smoky eye you 're giving me like , five minutes after I leave , '' and yet , all too often , that 's what happens . So Bloomingdale 's and YSL cosmetics have come up with a tech-y solution to the makeup-application-goldfish-memory problem : Outfit makeup artists with Google Glass headsets , have them focus the cameras on their customers while narrating every brush stroke and concealer dab , upload the clips to USBs , and send shoppers on their way with customized video tutorials .
We stopped by Bloomingdale 's on 59th Street to try out the service—which is available today and tomorrow at the department store 's YSL counter—and found it super helpful . The fact that the makeup artist is narrating while beautifying eliminates the need to make small talk while having your face prodded , and the resulting video is weird and intimate ( `` Oh ! This is what a person sees while touching my eyelids ! '' ) but handy when you ca n't remember if the YSL rep gave you that glow by putting highlighter over or under your blush .
· 38 Essential Beauty Stores [ Racked NY ]
A Marine who was court-martialed after refusing to take biblical verses down from their desk has lost their federal appeal , in a decision their representative called 'outrageous ' .
Marine Lance Corporal Monifa Sterling lost a 2014 court-martial at their base in Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , based in part on their refusal to remove the verses .
They challenged that action but was told Wednesday that they had lost the case after it was ruled that the order was not a 'substantial burden ' on their First Amendment rights , Fox News reported .
Court-martialed : Marine Lance Corporal Monifa Sterling was court-martialed in 2014 partly because they refused to take Bible verses down from their workspace
Burden : They posted up an altered version of Isiah 54:17 ( pictured ) . They lost an appeal to the court-martial on Wednesday , as judges said their rights were n't 'substantially burdened '
'We reject the argument that every interference with a religiously motivated act constitutes a substantial burden on the exercise of religion , ' said the US Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces , the highest military court , in a 4-1 decision .
'In this case , the record does not clearly address whether ( Sterling 's ) conduct was based on a `` sincerely held religious belief '' or motivated by animosity toward their chain of command , ' it added .
'Military orders are presumed to be lawful and are disobeyed at the subordinate 's peril . '
'This is absolutely outrageous , ' Kelly Shackelford , president of First Liberty Institute , which represented Sterling .
' A few judges decided they could strip a Marine of their constitutional rights just because they did n't think their beliefs were important enough to be protected . '
Judge Kevin Ohlson , who wrote the dissenting opinion , agreed , saying : 'while the military 's asserted interest in good order and discipline surely deserves great deference , it does not demand reflexive devotion . '
Sterling , a Christian , had posted a modified form of Isiah 54:17 that read 'No weapon formed against me shall prosper ' in three areas at their workspace .
They refused to remove them when ordered , saying that the three identical verses represented the Holy Trinity . Them commanding officer then threw the verses in the trash , at which point they printed them back out .
This process repeated until the officer added the incident to a number of offenses for which they were court-martialed .
Those included disrespecting a superior officer , disobeying lawful orders , and failing to report to an assigned duty .
They were reduced in rank to Private and given a bad-conduct discharge and later left the service .
If a Marine is awarded a bad-conduct or dishonorable discharge , they or they can lose access to government benefits .
It was only a couple weeks after starting to date their boyfriend that Stevenson High School 's gay star wrestler , Dylan Geick , decided the closet was n't for him .
“ I really did n't like having to sneak around , ” Geick told Outsports , “ so I came out to the kids at my lunch table one day after last season .
“ It kind of exploded from there . ”
“ Exploded ” is , in this case , an understatement . Just minutes after coming out to the students at their lunch table a year ago , their phone began to “ blow up ” from other students and teammates asking if the news was true . By nightfall they had heard from other wrestlers at seven different high schools in the Chicago area asking the same thing or offering support .
“ It shocked a lot of people i think , ” Geick said .
As an athlete , Geick has been great in a sport that measures strength , toughness and agility as well as any other . According to the Chicago Tribune , Geick has been “ the face of the program ” at their high school for the last two years .
When they came out it surprised some people that this elite wrestler was gay .
I do n't know if I would be able to come out in high school if it were n't for the environment the coaches have built there .
This year at the Class 3A state meet they finished fourth in the 160-pound division , just a year after finishing fourth in the 152-pound class . They were a conference runner-up as a sophomore .
`` He 's an incredible athlete , ” coach Shane Cook said of Geick last year to the Chicago Tribune . “ He has great wrestling speed , is very strong , extremely talented .
“ He has a dynamic personality . People are drawn to him . ''
Their apparent leadership extends to an ease when talking to the media about being part of what they consider a special team .
`` It 's an amazing environment [ coach Cook ] has put together , '' Geick told the Chicago Tribune after the state meet . `` The motto for Stevenson wrestling is 'Always Together . ' We live it , we share it . We 're a family . ''
That tight family atmosphere has helped lead to Geick 's sexual orientation being widely accepted by their teammates and coaching staff . For the record , Geick said they had n't heard a single negative reaction from a teammate or coach since they came out to them . Not one .
“ It just so happened that all of those kids , even those who maybe had a homophobic view before were able to see past that , and are still my friends , and we are much closer even now , ” Geick told their school newspaper , The Statesman .
It 's also why Geick felt comfortable coming out to their team . When the family-strong bonds resonate from the coach down to the athletes , even a team of 80 or 90 young men , like that of Stevenson High School wrestling , can feel like a tight-knit group .
“ I do n't know if I would be able to come out in high school if it were n't for the environment the coaches have built there . ''
The day they came out to their lunch table , and quickly the world , they got a text message from coach Cook to meet with him . Cook offered their full support but gave them a warning .
“ Guys from other schools may try to use it to dig at you , ” Cook said . `` You ca n't lose your cool . ''
Since that day , Geick has n't heard a single homophobic comment from their teammates . Even their competitors have stayed away from harassing them about being gay . When you 're 42-3 on the season , people find a way to keep their bullshit to themselves .
`` As a higher-level wrestler , with a decent amount of respect from the wrestling community , I think they had the respect for me as a wrestler and an athlete that that stuff was n't going to matter . ''
Still , there was that one kid .
The entire regular season had gone by without an incident , but heading into the state meet a competing wrestler tracked down Geick 's Instagram account and decided to leave a biting message about Geick being gay .
`` To be honest , ” Geick shared , “ it fired me up , and I focused it into the match .
“ I blew that kid out when we got on the mat . ''
Their wrestling success , coupled with support from their friends , family , coaches and teammates , have given Geick the confidence to live openly in their personal life , and on Instagram , something they have done since last summer .
Geick made theirs being gay pretty clear last June when they posted this Instagram picture from pride ( that 's Geick on the left , while their boyfriend , Grant , is planting the kiss ) :
That picture was snapped at Chicago Pride , the first Pride all men had been to . Incidentally , it was that very Pride parade where Outsports marched with about 100 LGBT athletes , coaches and others from across the sports world .
“ Yeah I remember seeing you guys , ” Geick said .
“ We walked away from the day a lot happier and a lot more comfortable with ourselves . ''
Since then he 's been unabashed about being gay and sharing photos of themselves and Grant , including this post from their homecoming last fall , with their boyfriend by their side :
“ I 'm not quite sure how to describe senior homecoming , ” Geick wrote . “ It was one of the most amazing experiences I 've ever had and it 's absolutely insane to think I 've been with this boy for 7 months now . They 've been the very best of my life . I love you ; thank you . ”
Instagram has , to an extent , become a bit of a love letter from Geick to their boyfriend . Several months ago Geick performed “ Use Somebody ” by Kings of Leon because , as they wrote , “ I finally found somebody . ”
I finally found somebody . A post shared by Dylan Steven Geick ( @ dylangeick ) on Aug 18 , 2016 at 5:39pm PDT
The two young men are still dating and are both going to college in New York City next year , with Geick headed to Columbia Univ . to wrestle .
It was walking the campus with a Columbia coach last year that helped seal the deal for Geick . They had met all the wrestlers and spent a couple days with them , enjoying the bunch . They also knew they wanted to attend a school with an NCAA Div . I 'm wrestling program that could also provide some academic rigor .
On a campus stroll during their visit , the coach made sure Geick knew every aspect of their self was welcome .
“ One of the coolest things is the diversity we have here , ” the coach said . “ People from every country , every gender , every sexual orientation .
“ And just so you know , none of that stuff matters here at all . ”
The coach , along with some of the wrestlers , had seen Geick 's Instagram photos of them and their boyfriend . It did n't matter to them one bit .
Now Geick hopes that by sharing their story they can help other gay athletes feel like they are not alone . About a year ago , as they struggled to come to terms with who they are , they stumbled across the story of Ohio State wrestler Mike Pucillo , who came out publicly after they graduated . It was reading that story that gave Geick the confidence they were not alone .
“ I really did n't know any gay wrestlers . The first thing I Googled was ‘ NCAA gay wrestling ' and that was the article I found . So it 's cool that I get to share my story .
I hope I can have the same effect on a high school kid . ''
You can find Dylan Geick on Facebook , or on Instagram @ DylanGeick .
Umphrey 's McGee returns to Colorado next Summer , June 30 thru July 2 , 2017 , for the band 's first ever three-night run at the famed Red Rocks Amphitheatre . Joined by a diverse group of special guests , including Stick Figure on the 30th , Snarky Puppy and Bokanté on the First , and Bruce Hornsby & The Noisemakers on the Second , the weekend-long Independence Day celebration stands to be the largest trio of headlining Umphrey 's McGee shows to date . Join us at one of the most magnificent venues in the world to be a part of Umphrey 's McGee history !
umVIP has curated travel and VIP packages to give you the ultimate mile-high experience . umVIP packages will include a pre-show BBQ on the First with unlimited beer and wine plus a step-and-repeat photo with the band , a private umVIP section next to the soundboard , exclusive merch , and more ! Three-night travel packages also include accommodations at the Westin in downtown Denver , enjoying all the perks of the downtown location complete with a rooftop pool and round-trip transportation to the venue .
Get on board early and save some serious dough ( bro ) , with an Early Bird Three-Day Pass for just $ 99.00 . umVIP & ticket pre-sale begins Wednesday , December 14th at 10:00 am MT through Umphrey 's Ticketing , followed by a LiveNation pre-sale on Thursday , December 15th at 10:00 am MT . General on-sale begins Saturday , December 17th at 10:00 am MT .
Come rock the Rockies and celebrate Independence Day weekend with ​the first Umphrey 's Red Rocks Triple Header !
Gabriel Parent says they love a challenge . Let 's hope their adviser is as passionate about surprises .
Mr. Parent was named on Wednesday night as the winner of the Ph.D . Challenge , a contest that invited grad students to insert the words “ I smoke crack rocks ” into the final version of a peer-reviewed academic paper . A master 's candidate in Carnegie Mellon University 's Language Technologies Institute , they put the phrase into a paper on the use of crowdsourcing to produce more-accurate transcriptions of dialogues collected with speech-recognition technology . The paper 's co-author is their adviser , Maxine Eskenazi , who Mr. Parent says knew nothing about the late edit .
“ She kind of knows me , ” they admit mischievously . But “ she 's definitely going to be surprised . ”
The people behind the Ph.D . Challenge are anonymous and have consented to be interviewed via e-mail only .
In its announcement , the group said that Mr. Parent was one of only three entrants and that their selection was unanimous : “ Gabriel 's bold writing style seamlessly weaved the special phrase directly into the text in such a way that one can not help but to think that the paper would be incomplete if it was removed . ”
The paper , “ Toward Better Crowdsourced Transcription : Transcription of a Year of the Let 's Go Bus Information System Data , ” concerns the speech-recognition telephone system used by the municipal transit agency that serves greater Pittsburgh . Callers can give their location and destination , and the automated system will respond with schedule information and other instructions .
But anyone who has ever used such a system knows that such technology is imperfect . Mr. Parent says that callers ' pronunciation and syntax can be problematic , and that because such systems are programmed to deal with a narrow range of queries , their word-recognition vocabularies are typically very limited .
Cue the paper 's contest-winning sentence : ” For example , the caller could yell : ‘ I smoke crack rocks , ' which is n't likely to be correctly parsed by the grammar , and for which words are not in the dictionary . ”
Those words did not appear in the version of the paper that passed through peer review , Mr. Parent says . The original example was “ I lost my cell phone. ” They substituted the contest sentence in the paper that they submitted to the Workshop on Spoken Language Technology , a conference held this week in Berkeley , Calif. , by the Institute of the Electrical and Electronics Engineers .
That version was distributed to all the participants at the conference . But who actually reads beyond the abstract until perhaps months later , when a paper seems relevant to one 's own research ?
For their efforts , Mr. Parent will receive a box of Maruchan ramen noodle soup ( his choice of flavor ) , a pack of leather elbow patches , and a paper certificate . A tentative prize , an autographed photo of the Princeton professor Paul Krugman , is looking unlikely , as the economics Nobelist has not responded to repeated email entreaties from organizers of the contest .
A French-speaking native of Montreal , Mr. Parent says they anticipate plenty of email messages of their own when word circulates of their contest victory . They are not entirely sure of what else to expect .
“ Some people are going to think it 's funny , some are going to think it 's stupid , and some people will probably wonder why someone would ever do something like that , ” they say . Mr. Parent , who plans to finish their master 's degree this summer , says they place themselves in the first group : “ I think research does n't have to be always so boring . ”
They said they might even be up for participating in next year 's Ph.D . Challenge , which the organizers say will be even more daunting than this year 's : getting a peer-reviewed paper published with a co-author named “ Genital Warts. ” —Don Troop
( Photo illustration by Bob McGrath )
Root is the best way to fall in love with coding .
Why Root ?
It 's inspirational .
It 's fun .
It 's creative .
It takes the BS out of roBotS .
Other coding robots are one experience for one age group and toys like these sit on a shelf after a few weeks . Root is the only robot in the world that can be used effectively to teach coding from Kindergarten to College . Learning opportunities with Root will last years , not days .
Coding with Root is a dynamic and creative experience : Root reacts to things in the environment , people react to Root and the interplay is orchestrated with code . You can program Root to move , turn , draw , erase , scan colors , play music , light up , sense touches , feel bumps , detect magnetic surfaces , perceive light , and respond to sensors in your phone or tablet .
This is real coding for ages 4 to 99 .
Root 's app supports coders of all ages and backgrounds . The interface may look simple , but it is powerful , allowing you to experiment in real time with loops , events , and complex robot behaviors . We 've tested the app with kids of all ages ( and adults too ) to make it the smoothest introduction to programming with robots .
As coding skills improve , Root 's multi-level app translates programs written in one level to the next , helping to grow programmers take each step .
Level 1 is a graphical interface that beginners of any age ( even non-readers ) can understand . Colored blocks reinforce its basic `` if this , then that '' framework . It teaches events , sequences , loops , states , functions , priorities , timing , program stepping , and debugging .
Level 2 introduces advanced flow control statements like when , repeat , and if-then-else , in order to foster computational fluency . It teaches variables , sensor values , units , arithmetic operations , recursion , and parallelism .
Level 3 is a fully text-based interface that takes programmers to professionally used languages including Python , JavaScript , and Swift . It teaches users the text equivalent of code from the previous levels , and lets them build powerful programs to accomplish new goals .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Root 's multi-level interface offers learning opportunities to last years , providing a unique continuum of coding experiences . Once all the levels are complete , the transition to any other modern programming language is easy and programming can continue through Root 's SDK ( software development kit ) .
Root drawing on paper controlled by Python SDK ( Alpha )
Sample activities .
We are always coming up with activities for using Root , but we are more curious what you will come up with . Here is a fun list to give you some inspiration . Just like a pen and paper , you are only limited by your imagination . And keep in mind , all of the samples below can be created with Level 1 !
Start with paper .
Root drives on any flat , horizontal surface so it 's easy to use paper to quickly create fun coding challenges . With Root , you do n't need to spend hours building complex robots from construction kits before getting to the actual coding . Root sets up within seconds .
And what 's great about paper is that you can save activities to play creations over and over again . Or if you program Root to draw some artwork , it is easy to keep forever and share with family and friends .
Or start with a whiteboard .
A whiteboard is a great arena because it 's natural to interact with Root just by drawing and erasing — change a maze or a racetrack layout in seconds — and Root can change its environment right back .
coding letter formation with r o o t
For homeschooling and classrooms , whiteboards are already there . Root makes setup and takedown time practically zero , with the robot running on the board at the front of the class where everyone can see . And robots have a unique and universal appeal that engages any aged students .
Root beta testing results .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Technology transforms possibilities in every domain , across every field . That makes computing literacy an essential skill for all students , regardless of their future career choices . What 's more , the need for increased diversity in technical roles makes it important to bring authentic coding experiences into all classrooms . Research has shown that early , positive experiences with computing raise students ' interest in technical subjects later on . Root will reach students as early as kindergarten , and grow with them as a familiar and consistent platform as they advance , opening doors that otherwise would have been invisible .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Project timeline .
Over four years of development and eight iterations of the hardware , we now have the right collection of hardware , sensors , algorithms , and interfaces . We 've already tested Root at the Boston Museum of Science , homes , and local classrooms to make sure Root is ready for this Kickstarter .
Funds from this campaign will be used towards paying for the production tooling of Root . Our design is complete and ready to release .
Root has been certified by Dragon Innovation , ensuring that we will meet deliverables to our backers . The creators of Root are fortunate to be able to build upon a working relationship with the Dragon team that extends back to our former employment at iRobot .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Accessories are coming .
For now , we 're focused on Root and getting it out as fast as possible , but we have a lineup of integrated accessories planned . Accessories will give Root even more capabilities , like a camera for vision programming , physical coding blocks to program away from a screen , a communication module to let multiple Roots talk to each other directly , and even a charger to drive onto . Root is an extensible platform that lets you make and add your own accessories with a 3D printer , Raspberry Pi , Arduino , BBC Micro : Bit , or camera .
Raspberry Pi Zero , Raspberry Pi Camera , 3D printed chassis
The details .
Hardware :
Software :
The root of Root .
Root was born at Harvard University , Wyss Institute .
Our team has over 50 years of collective experience in launching and building consumer products ( iRobot , Sonos , Apple ) and software/education services ( Microsoft , Disney , PLTW , Harvard , MIT ) . This includes launching four coding robots ( Create , Kilobot , AERobot , Multiplo ) , launching two graphical coding environments ( MIT App Inventor , Minibloq ) , and launching three consumer robots ( Roomba , Scooba , Looj ) .
Hani Sallum , Shay Pokress , Zee Dubrovsky , Radhika Nagpal , Raphael Cherney , Justin Werfel , Alex Meckes , Julián da Silva Gillig , Griffin Whittredge ( not in photo : Katy Denning , Wai-Loong Lim , Daniel Ozick )
This project is promoted by Jellop , a direct response online advertising agency specializing in Kickstarter campaigns on Facebook Ads and Google Ads .
British Columbia 's New Democrats say they will move quickly once in government to ban all corporate and union donations – including in-kind contributions that fuelled controversy during the recent election campaign because senior campaign staff were being paid by a union .
BC NDP director Raj Sihota said such legislation will be passed soon after their party forms government and recalls the legislature , which is expected to happen in September .
`` For too long , the BC Liberals worked only for the wealthy and well-connected . John Horgan will ensure B.C . 's government works for regular British Columbians again , '' Ms. Sihota said in an e-mailed statement . `` One of our first acts will be to ban direct and in-kind political contributions from unions and corporations and put people back at the centre of our politics . ''
Story continues below advertisement
The New Democrats are preparing for that transition after reaching a deal with the third-place Greens . The two parties voted down the Liberal government last week .
During the recent election campaign , the New Democrats were criticized by the Liberals and Greens for allowing the United Steelworkers union to pay for the salaries of deputy party director Glen Sanford , campaign director Bob Dewar and long-time NDP campaign organizer Gerry Scott . Rather than donate cash , the Steelworkers put members on the union 's payroll and lent them to the NDP .
At the time , Green Leader Andrew Weaver questioned how NDP Leader John Horgan could campaign against big money corrupting politicians , when they then `` quietly goes into a backroom and strikes a deal with a union to have them pay for their senior staff ? ''
On Tuesday , Mr. Weaver 's spokesperson said if a ban on such in-kind donations is not included in the NDP 's campaign finance bill , their caucus will work with the Liberals to introduce an amendment doing so .
Mr. Sanford , now the NDP 's volunteer vice-president , said there is little difference between cash and in-kind donations , such as their labour , provided they are given at full market value .
`` I do n't particularly see a problem with that per se ; where the problem lies is big money 's influence in politics – and we said we are going to ban it , '' they said in an interview on Tuesday .
A Liberal Party spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment Tuesday .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Campaign-finance reform will be among the first issues facing the new NDP government . The New Democrats have already faced criticism since the election for holding a private , $ 325-a-ticket fundraising event and for continuing to accept union and corporate donations while waiting to take office .
The outgoing BC Liberals had long refused to implement any limits on political donations despite repeated criticism of the party 's fundraising practices , including cash-for-access events in which donors paid up to $ 10,000 for a chance to sit down with the Premier . Earlier this year , the Liberals relented somewhat and pledged to form a panel after the election that would review overhauling campaign finance rules .
The Liberals finally reversed course last month when the government presented its final Throne Speech as the party faced imminent defeat at the hands of the NDP-Green alliance .
In that Throne Speech , the Liberals also said they wanted to outlaw in-kind donations , despite enjoying a clear advantage last year by raising almost $ 640,000 versus the NDP 's $ 41,000 , according to annual reports filed to Elections BC . It is unknown how much was donated through these in-kind contributions during the campaign as all parties must submit their reports to Elections BC by Aug. 8 .
The Greens say they have not accepted in-kind donations from businesses or unions since last September and received about $ 1,300 in these contributions from individuals during the election .
The Liberals raised $ 13.1-million in donations last year , while the NDP raised $ 6.2-million . Nearly two-thirds of the money raised by the Liberals – $ 7.7-million – came from a relatively small collection of corporate and business donors . Of the money donated to the NDP , $ 1.8-million was from unions .
Story continues below advertisement
The Greens and the NDP have agreed to work together on key issues , including campaign finance , electoral reform and the environment .
Dermod Travis , executive director of IntegrityBC , a non-partisan government critic , said these in-kind donations deserve to be banned outright as they are often too complicated to provide an accurate appraisal of the services or items provided .
`` Without wanting to point to specifics , I 've seen cases in party financial reports that caused me to scratch my head at how they got valued at what was that price , '' they said .
This question is frequently asked by people who want to inflate rape statistics . Here are some of the answers :
1 . Revenge and rage . A woman feels `` used '' by a man after having had sex with him , or a boyfriend dumps them Sometimes this is the result of game playing activity that gets out of control .
2 . Alibi . They come from a puritanical background and other people found out they had sex so they claimed `` rape '' to disclaim responsibility . Or they can claim they were innocent when engaging in adultery . Or they may have gotten pregnant and wants to justify an abortion in an anti-choice community . The recent ( and alleged as of May 2005 ) `` Runaway Bride '' case is an example of a woman falsely reporting a crime ( in this case , kidnapping ) as a cover for other activities .
3 . Money . Charging celebrities with rape or other crimes can lead to out of court settlements in which the accuser receives considerable sums of money .
4 . Attention-seeking and self-delusion . This is common in people with Borderline Personality Disorder and closely related to hypochondriasis and/or Munchausen 's syndrome .
5 . Divorce or child custody fight . Accusing a husband ( or other partner ) of rape or domestic violence serves as additional ammunition in dissolving a marriage or gaining custody of children .
6 . Pseudo-science . `` Recovered Memory Therapy '' and other fads encourage mass hysteria in which false accusations are routine .
7 . Racism . During the segregation era , white women would frequently victimize black men by claiming they were the subjects of their sexual advances . The Scottsboro Boys is one famous case in which women , in conjunction with racists , used false charges of rape to attempt to legally lynch nine men .
8 . Force competition among men . By claiming to be victims , women get men to compete and fight among each other . Patriarchical men , who gain their power by victimizing other men , use the excuse of `` protecting women from rape '' to attack other men . In other words , women who claim to be victims and rely upon the power structure to `` protect '' them are falling for the oldest sexist game in the book . The Emmett Till case is a notorious example of this sort of behavior .
9 . Corrupt criminal justice system . Prosecutors frequently make reputations for being `` tough on crime '' by persecuting men and women on trumped up charges of rape and sexual assault . See the William Hetherington case .
10 . Mass hysteria . The combination of sexual repression , paranoia , mob psychology and media sensationalism frequently leads to mass delusions in which the innocent are accused of the most outlandish sexual offenses . The McMartin Preschool case is a typical , disgusting example of how innocent people are falsely accused of sex crimes . There 's a long history of this sort of thing , from the Salem witch hunts through the lynching of African-Americans . Today 's mass hysteria over sex crimes may be just the latest manifestation .
11 . `` Raising consciousness '' . Feminists sometimes make up stories about rape in order to `` alert '' others about the threat of sexual assault . A recent case in which a feminist was charged with making a false report of rape .
One study shows 41 percent of total disposed rape cases were officially declared false during a nine year period , that is , by the complainant 's admission that no rape had occurred and the charge , therefore , was false . The incidence figure was variable from year to year and ranged from a low of 27 percent to a high of 70 percent .
Claims about rape and sexual assault are frequently exaggerated , such as the claim that one out of four college age women will be the victim of a rape/attempted rape . But the reality is quite different . For example , California State University Northridge reports the following number of sex offenses for 2003 , on all campus properties :
Rape : 4
Sexual Battery : 12
Statutory Rape : 1
17 cases out of a campus population of several tens of thousands indicates the extremely low incidence of sex offenses on a university setting . Note there is no indication of how many of the alleged victims are men , or perpetrators women . The obvious point is that both men and women commit crimes , and lie about being the victims of crime . Justice is never served by mindless crusades .
William Hetherington , jailed on bogus rape charges
Why is this a critical issue ?
Because false charges of rape mean that innocent people have their lives destroyed .
Because false charges of rape mean that real victims of rape will be discredited .
Because false charges of rape tie up the criminal justice system in bogus cases .
Because false charges of rape have been used by racists to scapegoat minorities .
Because false charges of rape are used to stereotype men as perpetrators and women as victims .
Because false charges of rape create mass hysteria and mob mentality .
Because false charges of rape are used by men in power to reinforce patriarchy by playing into the `` woman as victim '' mentality .
Because false charges of rape suport the prison-industrial complex and the criminalization of a generation .
Because false charges of rape mean that innocent people have their lives destroyed-yep , I 'm repeating this because it has to be repeated : false charges of rape destroy innocent lives . Raise your own consciousness about false charges of rape ...
Innocence Project : how corrupt can a criminal justice system get ?
Surviving a false charge of rape : from a guy who 's been in the trenches .
`` Rapo '' game playing activity .
False Accusations : lots of info .
Games Women Play : must reading for anyone trying to date
Falsely Accused ? Resources if you 've been a victim of a false accusation .
iFeminists : a slightly more rational view .
Mens ' Activism : fight male bashing !
Everyman : a journal which deals with civil rights .
False allegation : more atrocities .
The Straight Dope on Rohypnol : debunking of the so-called `` date rape drug . '' Some wisdom ...
If you think like a victim you will act like a victim
If you act like a victim , you will be a victim .
Hysteria over rape leads to thinking like a victim .
If you want to avoid being raped , then do not fall for the hysteria .
Learn how to defend yourself .
How 's this for a horrific collaboration…
Becca Thomas has been tapped to direct Malignant , a sci-fi action thriller for Twentieth Century Fox , says THR .
Thomas has the unique distinction of being one of only two people outside the Duffer Brothers and Shawn Levy to direct an episode of Netflix 's “ Stranger Things ” , the other being WALL-E director Andre Stanton .
James Wan , director of The Conjuring , Insidious , SAW , and the forthcoming Aquaman , is producing through their Atomic Monster label .
“ The story focuses on Alex Gates , a patient dying of a terminal disease who is resigned to their fate … until it 's discovered that their malignant tumor is actually a mysterious alien parasite . Now imbued with some incredible powers and a renewed purpose , Gates is tasked with fighting a secret army lurking behind the veils of society while also peeling back their own secrets . ”
Malignant is based on a Boom ! Studios comic titled Malignant Man that Wan co-created . Boom ! 's Ross Richie and Stephen Christy are producing with Wan . Zak Olkewicz wrote the script for the adaptation .
The search has intensified , but there 's still no sign of an American University PhD student who was last seen while spearfishing off the coast of Dubai on New Year 's Day .
WASHINGTON – The search has intensified , but there 's still no sign of a 35- year-old American University PhD student who was last seen New Year 's Day while spearfishing in the Persian Gulf , off the coast of Dubai .
“ The search has gained momentum , ” says longtime friend Nadim Majzoub , who tells WTOP they were the last person to see Adel Ait-Ghezala , while the two were underwater , searching for fish to spear .
“ They have n't recovered anything , ” says Majzoub .
Ait-Ghezala , their wife , and other experienced divers were on a vacation excursion .
Majzoub says they signaled Ait-Ghezala they were returning to the surface , while their friend was sitting on the bottom of the Gulf .
“ I kept my head out of the water , looking for them and waiting for them to pop up . I was expecting them to pop up a minute after me , ” recalls Majzoub .
When the dive had reached 5 minutes , Majzoub realized something was wrong .
“ I told them this does n't look good at all . ”
Majzoub says they personally scanned the area from a privately rented chopper Sunday , and had also seen a Dubai Coast Guard chopper searching the coastline .
“ We have news that Abu Dhabi has sent choppers out . We also know Iran has sent out three boats to specific areas , and have also sent air rescue to search for him , ” says Majzoub .
Ait-Ghezala , who is an Algerian citizen , lives in the District , and is also an adjunct professor at American University , according to the school 's website .
Their brother tells the Washington Post Ait-Ghezala has been working on a dissertation about tourism and colonialism in the Persian Gulf .
Because Ait-Ghezala is not a U.S. citizen or a legal permanent resident , a State Department spokesperson said the agency or the U.S. Navy are unable to handle the case , the Post reports .
While Majzoub is encouraged by the increased activity in the search , the weather may cut that short .
“ We have a storm coming in by tomorrow . It 's expected to be windy , wavy , and rainy , ” they say .
Friends and family have established a Facebook page to help in raising awareness and donations for the search .
On Twitter and Instagram , the effort is using # FindAdel .
Follow @ WTOP on Twitter .
According to a study I conducted last year by just living , Apple fans are the most annoying people in the universe , comfortably beating out the second place , Klingons , and the third place , Children Who Sing Gibberish On Public Transportation . At first , all I had to corroborate my data was a high blood pressure and a criminal defense lawyer who was apparently “ not getting paid to keep my secrets. ” The process was n't entirely scientific , so as convincing as the results felt , there was still room for uncertainty . Now , there is no longer room for uncertainty . Now , we have this fucking candle .
A company called , Twelve South ( clearly a reference to Hell ) makes Apple accessories . As their website will tell you , “ We 're not just Mac friendly . We 're Apple only. ” So what do you do when you 're “ Apple only ” and you run out of ideas for actual Apple accessories like sloped tablet rests , bass boosters and something called a PlugBug ? You make a candle that smells like a brand-new Mac , so that , as The Next Web puts it , your place can , “ …smell like an unboxing. ” Which , by the way , is nothing new if you 've ever lived in a Frat house .
The Mac scented candles are made of 100 % Soy Wax , can burn for between 45-55 hours straight , and are selling for $ 24 a pop . Obviously , the first batch sold out within hours and the company is offering people notification of when the next batch is available .
As much as I do like the prospect of a distinctly Mac smell coming from my fireplace , this is just as annoying as it is brilliant ( and it is astonishingly brilliant ) . Leave it to Apple puppets to convince themselves that the scent of a freshly unboxed Apple product is so profoundly different from the smell of a sparkly new Toshiba or a Saran-wrapped VCR that they want it seeping into the fabric of their beige couch and officiously sprawling through their homes like an expensive fart .
I love the smell of new books ; whenever I get a new book , I stuff my face in its pages and inhale like I was auditioning for a Rosh Hashanah remake of Scarface . I feel the same way about baseball gloves , paint cans and cute dog bellies . But do I exclusively assign my infatuation to Penguin Classics , Nokonas , Benjamin Moore and Golden Retrievers ( the iPads of the canine community ) , and then try to immerse myself in those scents while conducting my daily adult business at home ? No , I do n't . I do n't because I 'm not ridiculous .
Wan na know how I know this is ridiculous and almost entirely exclusive to the world of Mac-myopia ? Because someone did this with perfume four years ago ! A group of artists based in Melbourne got Air Aroma , a “ scent marketing ” company ( do n't ask ) , to create a unique fragrance for an upcoming contemporary art exhibit . The artists wanted the room to smell like “ …the scent of an Apple product being opened for the first time . ”
Luckily back then , the fragrance was never offered to the public—it was just sourced from “ samples of fragrances with the aroma of glue , plastic , rubber and paper ” out of Southern France , and then sprayed into the eyeballs of people who go to exclusive “ art ” shows where models covered in spinach leaves smash chandeliers with newspaper dildos as a protest against population control in China , or whatever the fuck happens at those things . This time around , we are not so fortunate . These candles , and this scent , will soon be everywhere .
How much do you want to bet that with the next batch , they remove the wick ?
It began with menacing phone calls , strange malfunctions of the office computers , and men in parked cars photographing the entrance to the small consumer advocacy group 's offices . Then at dusk one day last December , Dr. Esperanza Cerón , the head of the organization , said they noticed two strange men on motorcycles trailing their Chevy sedan as they headed home from work . They tried to lose them in Bogotá 's rush-hour traffic , but they edged up to their car and pounded on the windows . `` If you do n't keep your mouth shut , '' one man shouted , they recalled in a recent interview , `` you know what the consequences will be . ''
The episode , which Dr. Cerón reported to federal investigators , was reminiscent of the intimidation often used against those who challenged the drug cartels that once dominated Colombia . But the narcotics trade was not the target of Dr. Cerón and their colleagues . Their work had upset a different multibillion-dollar industry : the makers of soda and other sugar-sweetened beverages .
Their organization , Educar Consumidores , was the most visible proponent of a proposed 20 percent tax on sugary drinks that was heading for a vote that month in Colombia 's Legislature . The group had raised money , rallied allies to the cause and produced a provocative television ad that warned consumers how sugar-laden beverages can lead to obesity and diet-related illnesses like diabetes . The backlash was fierce . A Colombian government agency , responding to a complaint by the nation 's leading soda company that called the ad misleading , ordered it off the air . Then the agency went further : It prohibited Dr. Cerón and their colleagues from publicly discussing the health risks of sugar , under penalty of a $ 250,000 fine .
How to get started with hand-lettering
Cat Noone Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 23 , 2016
Earlier this year , I pushed out a tweet about my desire to be a beginner again , learn something new and took a particular interest in hand-lettering . I spend so much time in front of computer and needed time to detach from it and do something artistic — requiring me to be hands-on , challenged and focused .
The responses were awesome ! There were so many recommendations on places to start , materials to purchase , classes to take and more .
This is what a beginner looks like . It 's also what someone who does n't practice looks like .
Now , almost half a year in , it 's going beyond great . I started out rough , as we all do . I 've learned a ton , continually feel like a beginner despite my progress and am at a point where it 's something that could be residual income . In that time , I 've received well over 50 messages and tweets asking for more info on how to get started , material needed , and more . So I figured , why not turn it into a blog post ? At the start , I wish I had a central place to go to know which pens worked well , the proper paper to use , along with what classes are valuable—instead of scouring instagram , pinterest , blogs and Twitter for it all .
So , if you 're interested in kicking off a hobby or potential career in lettering ( modern calligraphy , calligraphy , true brush lettering , etc . ) , feel free to use this as a starting place .
Skillshare ( Subscription monthly pricing ) : Depending on which tier works for you . The basic paid plan is all you need . I recommend the following classes :
From there you can learn how to digitize your lettering or even more into watercolor lettering .
Learn Brush Lettering ( $ 399 , one time payment ) : This is more for strictly brush lettering . No brush pens are used at all . The class is set up beautifully by two extremely talented folks and you get a lovely brush for free when you sign up . https : //learnbrushlettering.com
Black Chalk Co. ( Free ) : Solid resource for classes on the basics like practicing your strokes for warm up before getting started . There 's printables and the owner is continually updating it , which is great . She 's also on Instagram , which helps . https : //blackchalkco.com
Though you 'll learn different types of lettering from all three , the fundaments are the same and highly recommended starting with . I found that starting without an understanding of letter shapes , placement and sketching ideas actually results in your doing double the work . Also , you may think it does n't have an impact , but those tiny details later on end up making a big difference and show in your work . Think you ca n't get that downstroke and curve right because of the pen ? Think again . And really , at the end of the day , you 'll know you did n't learn all you could have . You ca n't build a house without a foundation . So do it ! ; )
Graph and/or dotard book for rough practices and warmups so you do n't waste good paper .
Any sketch book ( A4 , A3 , whatever ) that has 190g/m because it has to hold up for brush pens and any type of ink including watercolor .
Tombow Dual Brush Pen N15 This is the lettering pen . Black or any other color but I 'd recommend the black to start .
Some of the 50+ pages I used to nail down the writing I wanted with the Tombow Dual . Took me about 2.5–3 hours .
Tombow Fudenosuke Pen Soft and Hard . I recommend starting with the hard pen for more control . This made a huge difference for me and is still a go-to pen . This results in a much more whimsical style and the stroke never exceeds a certain width .
Tombow Fudenoskue Soft Brush . One can never go wrong with lettering Harry Potter quotes .
Sakura Koi Pens It 's a colored pack of 12 . The brush is super versatile and can be used for nice script or bold , in-yo-face , type of writing .
Red Sakura Koi pen . Whaddup , Hot Tomato ?
Pentel Brush Pen The pentel is a quite literally like using a brush in pen form . I love the freeform that come with it , along with the messiness and splatter-paint effect . The brush tip allows for you to letter whimsically , graffiti style and more and goes from thin to thick in an instant , if you want . Using this requires time for it to dry , though . Oh and , really press and hold to get the ink flowing initially . It will come out , eventually .
I contemplated whether or not to break down each pen and tell you the effect each has , because I honestly want you to spend the time exploring with each whenever the opportunity arises . I was afraid that if I told you , you 'd say “ ah I 'm not interested in that kind of style ” but I promise you exploring with a wide variety will make you so much better . In the end , I obviously broke it down . Because you 're adults and you need to decide the route you take .
Do as you please . Next…
Upstrokes and Downstrokes . Upstrokes and Downstrokes . Upstrokes and Downstrokes . Upstrokes and Downstrokes . Upstrokes and Downstrokes .
Okay , that is both equally important as it is annoying . I can not emphasize the importance of practicing these once you learn about them in depth . I 've found that warming up for a few minutes before any lettering helps immensely . If I do n't , I end up gripping the pen a bit too hard and my letters end up choppy or very flawed in some form of fashion . Do it .
I wrote this when I was angry ( can you tell ? LOL ) and did n't warm up at all . You can tell by the choppiness , letters being all over the place , and unnatural linking in my letters .
At one point , Benedikt and I did solely this for about 3 hours . Did I mention lettering requires time ? Not because you 'll need it , but because you 'll get lost in it and not know where 3 hours went . Practice helps with creative exploration , too . Though my piece above shows my very creative side , it also shows the importance of the two going hand-in-hand .
Internet
Instagram
- Feel free to browse through the last 50 or so of the people I followed recently . Highly recommend all of them for inspiration . )
- Search terms like : “ Hand Lettering ” , “ Modern Calligraphy ” and more . Favorite them . Wait for Instagram 's algorithm to work its magic as it compiles your Discover feed into all things lettering .
Get lost . Enjoy .
Pinterest
I created a lettering board for inspiration that I can easily refer back to for letter styles or quotes . I continually update it so feel free to follow it . Check it out here .
Travel or Get outside
After starting lettering , I pay more attention to the signs outside , on the windows , etc . I love this because often the lettering on signs is older , traditional and not something you 'll see often on Instagram or Pinterest . I dig it and recommend .
Books
I 'm a reader and a doodler , so the combination of the two sent me into happiness overload when I saw that lettering books are like school workbooks to write in , except these are fun . Although not all of them are like that , the books in general are huge inspirations and great for referencing when you 're deciding how to style a particular piece .
Hand Lettering for Everyone ( A Creative Workbook ) by Cristina Vanko
Creative Lettering and Beyond by Gabri Joy Kirkendall , Laura Lavender , Julie Manwaring , and Shauna Lynn Panczyszyn
Little Book of Lettering by Emily Gregory
Typography Sketchbooks by Steven Heller
Hand-Lettering Ledger by Mary Kate McDevitt
Drawing Type by Alex Fowkes
Though there are a number of similarities , all provide something different . Just buy them all .
`` People were saying , ' I do n't think this is going to affect me right now , but I do n't feel comfortable about how it will affect the vulnerable . Are we setting ourselves up for a new era of inequality ? ' ''
The report , How Australians are feeling about the economy and the future post budget , is likely to steel the resolve of Senate crossbenchers to block Coalition measures , from the deregulation of university fees to the $ 7 Medicare co-payment .
It is based on 12 group discussions with Australian men and women across all age groups in Sydney , Melbourne , the Gold Coast and Bendigo in the first week of this month and reveals deep confusion about how serious Australia 's economic situation is , with some voters supporting the government 's view that debt is out of control and others dismissing claims of a `` budget crisis '' as mere spin .
People expressed apprehension about the country 's economic direction and the decline of the manufacturing industry . `` Participants saw signs of economic decline all around them , '' the report says .
A strong sentiment that the budget `` targeted the young , the older and the more vulnerable in our society '' was evident , and so was `` unambiguous concern '' about changes to higher education funding , with voters fearing the young will be hit by higher fees , more difficulty getting a job and a tougher housing market .
Dear EarthTalk : How far along are we at developing algae-based and other higher yield sources of biofuels ? —Jason McCabe , Tullahoma , Tenn .
A few years ago biofuels were all the rage . Environmental advocates to national security hawks alike were extolling the virtues of ethanol and biodiesel as a carbon-neutral bridge to our energy future . But the bubble burst when it became apparent that there was n't enough agricultural land in the U.S. or elsewhere to grow sufficient amounts of corn , palm and other crops to feed both people and their engines . To boot , the process of extracting and distributing biofuels has proven anything but carbon neutral . And with ever cheaper natural gas widely available now , paying a premium for ethanol or biodiesel seemed frivolous .
But a new generation of biofuels based on algae might just change all that . One of the major problems with biofuels that algae could solve is space , since algae can yield as much as 100 times more fuel per unit area than other so-called “ second generation ” biofuel crops ( e.g . non-food crops or non-food waste parts of food crops ) . Federal researchers from the U.S. Department of Energy report that it would take only 15,000 square miles—less than 1/7 the area now used to harvest all the corn across the country—to produce enough algae fuel to replace all of our petroleum fuel .
While burning algae-derived fuel in an engine or factory generates carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions just like fossil fuels do , the algae itself requires CO2 to photosynthesize—so overall no new CO2 is added to the atmosphere . Furthermore , any CO2 created through processing or refinement can be captured and re-directed to the growing algae beds . And unlike other biofuel feedstocks , algae production has minimal impact on freshwater supplies—especially when it can be undertaken in ocean waters or even wastewater .
At least three well-funded ventures are poised to ramp up production of commercially viable quantities of algae-derived crude oil over the next couple of years . California 's Solazyme is building an algae fuel factory in Brazil in partnership with food processing giant Bunge and expects to manufacture 100,000 metric tons of fuel there each year . Solazyme is also retooling an Archer Daniels Midland factory in Clinton , Iowa to produce another 100,000 metric tons of algae fuel per year domestically .
Another company ready to make the leap into commercial scale production of algae fuel is Sapphire Energy , which operates a 2,200 acre algae farm in New Mexico where oil is harvested across 70 open ponds and refined on site . Sapphire—Bill Gates is a big investor—expects the facility , which goes online next year , to generate some 10,000 barrels of crude oil a day by 2018 .
Yet a third player in the emerging algae fuel market is Synthetic Genomics , the brainchild of genomics guru Craig Venter , who beat the U.S. government in sequencing the human genome and at a fraction of the cost . The company , which last year purchased an 81-acre site in California 's Imperial Valley to scale up and test its synthetic algae strains across 42 open ponds , plans to genetically modify algae to optimize its oil output . ExxonMobil signed a $ 600 million development deal with the company to further the cutting edge research .
CONTACTS : Solazyme , www.solazyme.com ; Sapphire Energy , www.sapphireenergy.com ; Synthetic Genomics , www.syntheticgenomics.com .
EarthTalk® is written and edited by Roddy Scheer and Doug Moss and is a registered trademark of E - The Environmental Magazine ( www.emagazine.com ) . Send questions to : earthtalk @ emagazine.com . Subscribe : www.emagazine.com/subscribe . Free Trial Issue : www.emagazine.com/trial .
DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Quadcopter with 14 Megapixels , 1080p Camera
Product detail information
Camera with 3-Axis Gimbal Stabilizer
Takes 14MP Still and 1080p Video
Wi-Fi Downlink for Smartphones
iOS/Android App for Monitoring/Control
Up to 25 Minutes Flying Time
GPS-Based Autopilot with Return to Home
Intelligent Orientation Control ( IOC )
Stationary Hover with GPS Attitude Mode
LED Indicators & Low Voltage Protection
Self-Tightening Prop Design
The Phantom 2 Vision+ Quadcopter with Gimbal-Stabilized 14MP , 1080p Camera from DJI is based on the same air frame as the Phantom 2 and Phantom 2 Vision . Unlike its siblings , however , it features a 14 MP camera that is stabilized and controlled with an integrated 3-axis gimbal . Gimbal stabilization makes the Phantom 2 Vision+ ideal for shooting aerial footage and photos . The camera can take 14 MP , Adobe DNG RAW photos , and can record video in 1080p Full HD at 30 fps or 720p at 60 fps for creating slow motion effects .
The Phantom 2 Vision+ ships ready-to-fly , meaning that a radio controller -- often referred to as a transmitter is included with it and is pre-bound to the aircraft and that only minimal assembly using common household tools is required . It features a 5,200 mAh battery that can sustain the quadcopter in the air for up to 25 minutes . The transmitter features a line-of-sight range of up to 2625 ' , depending on conditions .
The camera is controlled via 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi using an app available for iOS and Android devices . Using the supplied mount , you can attach your smartphone directly to the controller , giving you a `` heads up '' display directly from the camera 's point-of-view . From the app you will also be able to start and stop video recording , take a snapshot and even tilt the camera up or down .
Because of the complexity associated with multi-rotor aircraft the Phantom 2 Vision+ relies on a GPS-based navigation system to maintain flight stability and provide other features . While fully manual operation is possible , most users , especially videographers hoping to get the smoothest possible shoots , will opt for GPS attitude mode . GPS attitude mode is an autopilot system that keeps the Quadcopter stable and right-side-up when moving , and holds it in a fixed horizontal and vertical position whenever you release the controls . This is ideal for shooting video because you can compensate for light or moderate wind that might otherwise cause the aircraft to drift .
As with the other Phantom 2 models , 5200 mAh battery system is simplified over the original version 1 Phantom . The battery now slots in , and provides LED indicators on outside , tail-end of the aircraft so they can be seen in flight . Charging is also simplified , with all of the charging circuitry built into the battery itself . You simply need to plug it into the wall with the supplied universal AC adapter . An DC car charger , available separable , can also be used .
The Phantom 2 Vision+ includes a Wi-Fi Range extender that will increase the wireless range of the smartphone used for FPV camera operation up to nearly 2300 ' line-of-sight . The range extender mounts on the transmitter ( radio controller ) along with the smartphone .
Finally , there is a 4GB MicroSD card included to help get you started filming and taking photos with the 14MP camera .
Positives To Take
Sunday 10 August 2014 14:00
Hyndman told fulhamfc.com : “ It was n't the result we wanted but I think we can take positives from the performance , especially the last 20 or 25 minutes when I think we really pressured them .
The 18-year-old played 90 minutes at Portman Road and while they clearly would have liked to cap their first match with a positive result , they believe there were signs that the team is moving in the right direction .
“ Everyone 's feeling the same way – I think we can all improve and that 's what we 're going to be looking at .
“ I think we lost momentum throughout the first half after they got their first goal , but the second half saw us pick it up again . We got an unfortunate goal against us again but we then pushed on and were unlucky not to get something out of it in the end .
“ The fans were very positive after the game and we could hear them very clearly throughout the 90 minutes . As we were pushing forward for that late goal they were on their feet the whole time and we ca n't thank them enough for their support . ”
The American youth international was one of nine players to make their first appearance for the Whites on Saturday , and they revealed that Felix Magath had kept their cards close to their chest with regards to team selection .
“ I did n't find out I was going to be playing until the day , ” they stated . “ It was a great moment – I was very excited , nervous , a lot of different emotions flying through but I think now that I have that experience behind me it will serve me well .
“ It 's my goal to play as many games as possible . My initial goal was to make my debut this season and that 's come pretty quick so now I just want to build on that . ”
Despite their tender age , Hyndman looked comfortable in the middle of the park pulling the strings for their side and they finished the game with an impressive pass success rate of 89 per cent .
The Sky Bet Championship is known for a somewhat robust nature , but the youngster was satisfied with how they performed against some of the league 's more experienced individuals .
“ It was better than I thought it would be , ” they admitted . “ It is a physical league , especially against an Ipswich side which is known for it .
“ Coming into it and seeing all the big guys , it 's different but I think I coped with it well and as the game went on I just got used to it . ”
The Whites are back in action next Saturday with the first Craven Cottage encounter of the new season , and Hyndman is keen for their side to provide a positive response when Millwall make the journey across London .
They stated : “ It 's another big game and we really want to get a win out of that , especially as it 's in front of our home fans , and because we want to bounce back after the Ipswich game . ”
Living Utopia ( The Anarchists & The Spanish Revolution )
A unique feature-length documentary ( 90 minutes ; Spanish with English subtitles ) which chronicles the origins and evolution of the Spanish anarchist movement and its important role during the Spanish Revolution ( 1936-1939 )
Living Utopia is a unique documentary that blends the historical account of the origins and development of the Spanish anarchist movement , focussing on the 1936 war .
This documentary made in 1997 about the 1936 Spanish Revolution blends historical accounts of the development of the anarchist movement with first-hand testimonies .
A reflection on the philosophical underpinnings of such a movement and their practical application . As both an informative and inspiring piece of research it is considered a jewel amongst historians and rebel hearts .
Millions of peasants and urban workers successfully established a society based on equality , mutual aid , participatory democracy and self-organisation – all without a central state or government .
This fascinating yet largely unknown social experiment was eventually destroyed by forces from inside and outside the country .
Review via – http : //fuckcopyright.blogspot.co.uk/2009/01/living-utopia-vivir-la-utopia-1997.html
About a fifth of young Canadians say they have experienced some form of cyberbullying or cyberstalking , according to a new report from Statistics Canada .
The numbers likely wo n't come as a surprise to anyone studying the prevalence of online harassment among teens in particular .
READ MORE : Global News investigates youth mental health
School boards , governments and polling firms have for years been reporting an uptick in the occurrence of these behaviours with the rise of text messaging , photo-sharing applications and other technologies popular among young people .
READ MORE : Almost half of young Canadians harassed on social media , reports poll
Statistics Canada says this latest study is the first of its kind for the agency , and was based on the broader General Social Survey on Canadians ' Safety conducted in 2014 . As a result , the statistics are already two years old .
The results show that cyberbullying and cyberstalking were most prevalent among 15- to 20-year-old respondents ( about 20 per cent of them confirmed they had experienced one or both ) , and that the victimization tended to become less common among older age groups .
Among the 27- to 29-year-old cohort , for example , only 15 per cent of respondents reported experiencing online harassment .
READ MORE : New anti-bullying app developed in honour of Amanda Todd
Young homosexual and bisexual Canadians were significantly more at risk of becoming victims of web-based abuse . More than one-third of them were cyberbullied or cyberstalked , the study 's authors note .
Past experiences of assault during childhood , witnessing parental violence , and discrimination were significant factors associated with an experience of cyberbullying or cyberstalking ,
“ For example , among young Canadians who experienced a physical or sexual assault before the age of 15 , 31 per cent reported having been cyberbullied or cyberstalked , compared with 13 per cent for those who did not experience assault , ” the report noted .
Statistics Canada cautioned , however , that such associations are not necessarily cause-and-effect relationships .
WATCH : Nova Scotia elementary students tackle cyberbullying with new video
Cyberbullying was defined as threatening or aggressive emails , texts or online posts , embarrassing or threatening pictures posted online , or using someone 's identity to send out or post embarrassing or threatening information .
Cyberstalking was defined as repeated and unwanted attention that caused a person to fear for their safety or the safety of someone they know as a result of unwanted messages or pictures shared electronically .
MADISON — Dane County Circuit Court Judge William Faust struck down the state 's private-sector `` right-to-work '' law late today .
In February 2015 , Governor Walker and the Wisconsin legislature pushed through a private-sector right-to-work bill over the objections of thousands of workers and 450 Wisconsin construction firms who rallied against the bill . Workers in right to work states have significantly lower wages and fewer benefits . The battle over `` right to work '' and the future of Wisconsin 's workforce was the subject of a New York Times magazine cover story .
CMD quickly exposed the bill as a verbatim American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) measure authored by ALEC member legislators , including ALEC 's National Chair and Wisconsin State Senator Leah Vukmir .
The Wisconsin AFL-CIO , Machinists Local Lodge 1061 in Milwaukee and United Steelworkers District 2 in Menasha filed the lawsuit challenging the measure . The groups argued that the law was an unconstitutional seizure of union property because it required private-sector unions to extend benefits to workers who do n't pay dues .
In their ruling today , Judge Faust found that the unions had `` a legally protectable property interest in the services they perform for their members and non-members . ''
`` When members pay their dues and non-members their fair share fees , all would say the union is building a treasury that it holds as property . When it expends those funds to perform services , as it must , no one would dispute that that money is the union 's property . Plaintiffs will be obligated to spend treasury—their property—on services for which they can not legally request compensation . This is enough to establish that unions do have a legally protectable property interest at stake , '' read the ruling , in part .
`` Right-to-work goes against the Wisconsin principles of fairness and democracy and hurts all of Wisconsin by eroding the strength of our middle class . Right to Work has always been unjust , now it 's proven unconstitutional , '' said Phil Neuenfeldt , President of Wisconsin AFL-CIO , late on Friday .
Classic Koch-ALEC Power Play
The Madison-based Center for Media and Democracy reported at the time that the passage of right-to-work in Wisconsin was a classic Koch-ALEC power play .
A short time before ALEC member Rep. Chris Kapenga dropped the bill , Koch operative Lorri Pickens announced a new 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) `` charitable '' organization called `` Wisconsin Right to Work . '' While the group claimed to be `` a grassroots citizen engagement organization , '' it consisted of a P.O . Box and a website registered by Kurt Luidhart , an Indiana resident whose media firm had run online fundraising for Walker 's campaign . Luidhart , like Pickens , had worked with the Koch front group Americans for Prosperity .
There were so few businesses and citizens in favor of right to work that it was pushed through the legislature with help from a traveling team of out-of-state Koch allies , including an ALEC `` scholar '' Richard Vedder who rolled out a misleading cookie-cutter study on the alleged benefits of the bill . `` Expert '' James Sherk , with the Koch-funded Heritage Foundation , also flew out to testify . Sherk 's effort to devise a local right-to-work strategy and peddle it though ALEC was featured on the front page of the New York Times in 2015 in an article entitled `` Foes of Unions Try Their Luck at the County Level . ''
Greg Mourad from the National Right to Work Committee also flew in . Mourad 's group received $ 1 million from the Koch brothers ' `` secret bank '' Freedom Partners in 2012 . State Senator Chris Larson grilled the Koch crew in the Senator Labor Committee , which abruptly cut off testimony and abruptly ended its hearing fearing demonstrators .
Americans for Prosperity popped up its usual TV commercials in support of the bill and Governor Scott Walker , who called right-to-work `` a distraction '' during the 2014 campaign , then rapidly reversed course to support it shortly after the election .
In the meantime , the real grassroots , the actual 450 Wisconsin construction firms that formed a coalition to fight this interference into private sector contracts , were sidelined and ignored .
Wisconsin Attorney General Brad Schimel has already said they will appeal the measure , and the issue may be settled by the right-wing Supreme Court which was elected to office with massive expenditures by Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce and Wisconsin Club for Growth , both supporters of the bill .
Jessica Mason contributed to this article . Learn more about the passage of the ALEC bill in Wisconsin here .
GrassRoots takes a look at the hard-hitting situation over the course of the last three years . The film has delved into the inner-core of those who suffer from our current drug laws .
As many parts of the globe embrace cannabis reform , with four US states fully legalising , and with 24 states having a medical marijuana model – not to mention Uruguay and Canada forging ahead with national reforms – the UK still sticks to a policy of criminalisation and prohibition .
Dale , the director of GrassRoots , found the inspiration for making the film from a very personal angle :
`` When I first started it was very much about exploring the life of the film 's main character , Clark French , a young Multiple Sclerosis sufferer who happens to be my cousin . Surprisingly , there are a large number of campaigners - most of whom living with a debilitating condition – who were fighting the UK 's drug laws for safe , legal access to cannabis .
`` I soon realised that this steadfast bunch of stoic people were organised and numbered in their thousands . They held marches , organised meetings and lobbied local MP 's and the government for change in the law . In 2013 alone I attended around a dozen of these events to try and unearth what they were doing . ''
An historic bridge in the town of Porcupine Plain , Sask. , was reduced to embers after it caught fire on Friday , in a spectacular blaze that has been linked to a grass fire that got out of control , according to RCMP .
Crews responded around 3:30 p.m. CST to the fire at the defunct bridge , which was built in 1929 .
In a statement Saturday , RCMP said the structure was a total loss .
`` A local homeowner had set a grass fire that had gone out of control and spread to the bridge , '' RCMP said . `` The blaze was contained and no other structures were damaged . ''
They said no charges had been laid but added their investigation was still underway .
Murray Althouse , assistant fire chief for the community , said the east portion of the bridge caught fire first and it quickly spread .
The fire started on the eastern side of the bridge around 3:30 p.m. Friday , according to RCMP . ( Bryce Christianson/Facebook )
`` In a matter of a few minutes it went from maybe containable , not likely containable , to completely engulfed , '' Althouse said .
The train bridge in Porcupine Plain was built in 1929 . ( Bryce Christianson/Facebook )
Local resident Dean Frank was in town washing their car when they saw black smoke billowing from the area of the bridge . They drove over to check it out .
`` The fire department was already there , '' they said . `` They started pumping water on it , but it just started spreading way too quick . ''
The bridge was oil-soaked , according to Althouse , which made the fire difficult to put out . It burned for about ten hours and was still smouldering Saturday morning , they noted .
The fire was still smouldering Saturday morning . ( Bryce Christianson/Facebook )
A town historic site
The bridge was a well-known landmark in the area . The rail tracks for the bridge were removed a few years ago .
Althouse said it was a bit of a shock to see it go .
`` Everybody 's got stories of playing on the bridge and walking on the bridge and hanging out , as young people always did , '' they said .
The smoke could be seen from the spot where the railway tracks were torn up a few years ago . ( Bryce Christianson/Facebook )
Frank said a few dozen people showed up to watch the fire adding that some of older community members were saddened by the loss .
The bridge had become a symbol for how important the railway had been for the town 's development .
`` Now the bridge is gone . Pretty soon we wo n't even know there was a railroad around here , '' Frank said .
Porcupine Plain is a town of about 900 people about 300 kilometres northeast of Regina , in the central eastern part of the province .
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed .
A link has been sent to your friend 's email address .
Ellen Pao 's discrimination suit against venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins trained the spotlight on the gender imbalance in the tech industry . The trial , more than the outcome , was the big story .
Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about
Ellen Pao 's suit was wake-up call for Silicon Valley
The jury ruled against Ellen Pao on all claims in their sex discrimination suit against Kleiner Perkins after an initial tangle of confusion about the verdict . Elizabeth Weise , reporting from San Francisco Superior Court , explains what happened . Chris Wiggins for USA TODAY
Ellen Pao , a former venture capitalist at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , arrives at the San Francisco Civic Center Courthouse on March 3 , 2015 . ( Photo : Martin E. Klimek , USA TODAY )
352 CONNECT 244 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 70 COMMENT EMAIL MORE
SAN FRANCISCO — The jury handed Ellen Pao a major defeat in their sex discrimination suit against their former venture capital firm on Friday but a bigger story emerged from the five-week trial : largely male Silicon Valley has been put on notice that it needs to make big changes to how women are treated .
But observers say Pao 's lawsuit still sent a strong message , not just to Sand Hill Road , home to the world 's most powerful venture capital firms , but to Silicon Valley at large by training the national spotlight on the gender imbalance in the tech industry . On Friday , the hashtag # thankyouellenpao was popular on Twitter .
`` While Ellen Pao was unsuccessful in proving the facts of their case , this trial sparked an important conversation about women in venture capital , and more broadly , how bias and discrimination play out in today 's workplace , '' said Joelle Emerson , founder of diversity consulting firm Paradigm . `` I am confident this conversation will lead to important changes both in Silicon Valley and nationwide . ''
“ I think we may look back at this as a watershed moment — regardless of how the very attentive jury comes out on their verdict. ” former Yahoo exec Sue Decker
Publicity from the lawsuit — replete with an alleged discussion of porn stars , amorous trysts in parking lots and dinners with Al Gore — has turned up the pressure on the technology industry and the very male world of venture capital .
TINDER , 'GAMERGATE '
Over the years , Silicon Valley sexism has made plenty headlines , from the settlement of a sexual harassment claim at dating startup Tinder to the frat-boy antics of software developers at tech conferences to `` Gamergate '' —the online abuse and harassment of women in the video game industry . But no incident captured public attention like the Pao case .
`` I believe that sexism in tech is a real problem , '' Sam Altman wrote in a tweet this week . Altman runs incubator Y Combinator and sits on the board of Reddit , where Pao is interim CEO .
Former Yahoo executive Sue Decker says they admire Pao for having the `` guts '' to pursue the three-year legal battle .
`` I think we may look back at this as a watershed moment — regardless of how the very attentive jury comes out on their verdict , '' Decker wrote in a blog post .
In their lawsuit filed in San Francisco Superior Court , Pao claimed that Kleiner Perkins did not promote them because of their gender and that it retaliated against them for complaining about it . They also alleged that the firm did nothing to prevent the discrimination and ultimately fired them in 2012 for complaining . They were seeking $ 16 million in compensatory damages plus punitive damages .
Pao joined Kleiner Perkins in 2005 as chief of staff to marquee partner John Doerr . They were promoted to junior partner but never made senior partner . Kleiner Perkins is a prominent Silicon Valley venture capital firm which backed Google and Amazon.com .
IMPACT ALREADY FELT
Despite the verdict in Kleiner Perkins ' favor , the trial has already had an impact on the status quo in Silicon Valley , says Freada Kapor Klein .
More than a dozen venture capital firms and technology companies have reached out to them for help on combating bias and making their workplaces more welcoming to women , Klein says . And the case has drawn attention to the everyday microaggressions faced by women in the technology world , they say .
`` Ellen Pao has shown exceptional courage for standing up , speaking out and pursuing them claims . For women and people of color in Silicon Valley , the treatment they experienced is all too familiar , '' says Klein , founder of the Level Playing Field Institute and partner with Kapor Capital .
`` They understand their situation as something akin to 'death by a thousand cuts ' or the cumulative effect of many instances of being excluded and/or being held to a different standard than their white male colleagues . ''
FEW WOMEN VC 'S
As a woman , Pao was an anomaly in venture capital which controls the spigot of wealth in high-tech .
Only 6 % of venture capital partners are women , down from 10 % in 1999 , according to a study by Babson College . Research conducted by Fortune magazine determined that only 4 % of people in senior investing roles at venture capital funds are women .
Nearly six out of 10 women venture capitalists surveyed for a Harvard study said they felt at a disadvantage because of their gender . About a third said they received less informal feedback than their male counterparts and about a quarter said they did not get as much mentorship .
As an Asian American woman , Pao was even more isolated .
Research shows Asian American women are least likely to attain positions of power in corporate America . In 2010 , Asian women represented just 0.4 % of Fortune 500 board members .
Facebook and Twitter are now facing gender discrimination lawsuits by former employees , both Asian American women .
The dearth of women in venture capital is part of a broader gender imbalance in Silicon Valley .
Seven out of 10 employees at tech companies are men . Few women make it to the executive suite or the boardroom , which are the recruiting grounds for venture capital firms .
In an emailed statement , Kleiner Perkins said : `` Today 's verdict reaffirms that Ellen Pao 's claims have no legal merit . We are grateful to the jury for its careful examination of the facts . There is no question gender diversity in the workplace is an important issue . KPCB remains committed to supporting women in venture capital and technology both inside our firm and within our industry . ''
Pao held a press conference after the verdict .
`` If I 've helped to level the playing field for women and minorities in venture capital , then the battle was worth it , '' they said .
Ellen Pao walks back to court . A jury ruled against Ellen Pao on Friday in their sex discrimination case against venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers . The jury found that Kleiner Perkins did not discriminate against Pao on the basis of gender , did not keep them from a promotion due to their gender , took reasonable steps to prevent gender discrimination at the firm and did not retaliate against them for complaining about gender discrimination . ( Photo : Michael Short , Bloomberg ) Fullscreen Ellen Pao , speaks to the media after losing their sex discrimination case against Kleiner Perkins . ( Photo : Josh Edelson , Bloomberg ) Fullscreen Ellen Pao walks back to court . A jury ruled against Ellen Pao on Friday in their sex discrimination case against venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers . The jury found that Kleiner Perkins did not discriminate against Pao on the basis of gender , did not keep them from a promotion due to their gender , took reasonable steps to prevent gender discrimination at the firm and did not retaliate against them for complaining about gender discrimination . ( Photo : Justin Sullivan , Getty Images ) Fullscreen Ellen Pao , center , walks to Civic Center Courthouse in San Francisco March 27 . A jury ruled against Ellen Pao in their sex discrimination case against venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers . ( Photo : Jeff Chiu , AP ) Fullscreen Ellen Pao , right , walks to Civic Center Courthouse in San Francisco , Friday , March 27 . ( Photo : Jeff Chiu , AP ) Fullscreen A courtroom sketch depicting Ellen Pao waving to the jury . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen A courtroom sketch depicting the verdict reading . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen Ellen Pao , far right , a former venture capitalist at Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers , leaves the San Francisco Superior Courthouse in San Francisco , CA with their attorneys Therese Lawless , left , and Alan Exelrod , center on March 3 , at the beginning of the sex discrimination case which they later lost . ( Photo : Martin E. Klimek , USA TODAY ) Fullscreen Ellen Pao , now interim CEO of Reddit , leaving San Francisco Superior Court during a lunch break from the trial . ( Photo : Justin Sullivan , Getty Images ) Fullscreen Kleiner Perkins lawyer Lynne Hermle with the law firm of Orrick , Herrington & Sutcliffe . They are questioning Ellen Pao on the stand . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen Kleiner Perkins senior partner John Doerr poses for a portrait with partner Ellen Pao outside of their office in Menlo Park , Calif. in an April 4 , 2006 file photo , ( Photo : Marcio Jose Sanchez , AP ) Fullscreen Alen Exelrod , Ellen Pao 's lawyer , questions Kleiner/Perkins general partner John Doerr . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen Ellen Pao reads on the stand in San Francisco Superior Court . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen John Doerr , a senior partner at Kleiner Perkins , enters the San Francisco Civic Center Courthouse on March 3 . ( Photo : Martin E. Klimek , USA TODAY ) Fullscreen Investigator Stepen Hirschfeld speaks to the jury on March 9 . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen Stephen Hirschfeld in a Dec. 19 , 2013 , photograph . ( Photo : Hirschfeld Kraemer LLP ) Fullscreen Ellen Pao takes the stand on March 9 . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen Mary Meeker , general partner at Kleiner Perkins , speaks at Code Conference on May 28 , 2014 , in Rancho Palos Verdes , Calif. ( Photo : Asa Mathat , Code Conference ) Fullscreen Lynne Hermle questions John Doerr on March 4 . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen Alan Exelrod , attorney for Ellen Pao , makes their closing arguments to the jury on March 24 . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen In this courtroom sketch drawn March 24 , Judge Harold Kahn gives the jury instructions as Ellen Pao looks on . ( Photo : Vicki Behringer ) Fullscreen Like this topic ? You may also like these photo galleries : Replay
1 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last SlideNext Slide
KEY MOMENTS IN PAO TRIAL
March 6 : Mary Meeker quotes cap second week of Ellen Pao trial
352 CONNECT 244 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 70 COMMENT EMAIL MORE
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1bCZ5Q7
General plan of all gearing , composite diagram
from De Solla Price , Transactions of the American Philosophical
Society Vol 64 No 7 ( 1974 ) . Reproduced with permission .
It is hard to exaggerate the singularity of this device , or its importance in forcing a complete re-evaluation of what had been believed about technology in the ancient world . For this box contained some 32 gears , assembled into a mechanism that accurately reproduced the motion of the sun and the moon against the background of fixed stars , with a differential giving their relative position and hence the phases of the moon . It is enough to know that there is no trace of anything like it until around 1000 A.D. , and that when it was first published there were serious suggestions that it had been dropped into the wreck at a much later date or even that it was the work of alien astronauts . The general plan of the gearing could only be drawn after 1971 when , on De Solla Price 's instigation , the remnants of the mechanism were viewed with gamma rays , which could penetrate the calcareous block in which the gears were embedded . Then careful counting of teeth , and examination of the way the gears meshed , showed that `` the gear ratios could be associated with well-known astronomical and calendrical parameters '' ( Price ) and allowed the almost complete description of how the device must have functioned . This is the first of two columns on the Antikythera Mechanism . In each we will examine one part of the mechanism that has special mathematical interest . This month it is the Sun-Moon assembly , next month : the Differential Gear .
Chris Fox , CP24.com
George Brown College 's Casa Loma campus was placed under a lockdown for about two hours on Wednesday morning after a man pulled out a knife during a fight with another man .
The fight began outside a campus building at around 10 a.m. before spilling inside .
The man who pulled the knife then fled the scene , prompting police to order a lockdown of the building .
The lockdown was then lifted at around 12:15 p.m. after officers completed a sweep of the area .
“ The most important priority for us is the safety of the students and staff here so we did follow the directions of the police and locked down the school as we were instructed , ” Vice President of Human Resources Leslie Quinlan told CP24 at the scene . “ Police have done a sweep of all the buildings on campus and they are comfortable that it is safe for the students and staff to go back inside . ”
According to police , one person suffered a minor cut to the face as a result of the incident but was not taken to hospital .
Police say they have contacted a person of interest but have not made any arrests .
Police previously described the man armed with a knife as brown , in their late teens or early 20s , about five-foot-eleven with a skinny build .
New heritage railway for London ?
Published : 31st March 2015
Proposals for a new Royal Arsenal Narrow Gauge Railway have been unveiled
While not yet a done deal , the prospect of a new 18in gauge railway at the Crossness Engines Trust site in south-east London seems likely . The proposed trackbed has been identified and cleared of vegetation , a considerable amount of 80lb/yard rail ( apparently heavy for a small gauge line , but the original Royal Arsenal line employed 75lb material ) has been donated and delivered to the site with more ( possibly sufficient for the entire line ) to follow , sleepers have arrived and an existing building has been provided with water and electricity supply ( although it still needs repairs to the roof ) and earmarked to serve as the railway 's shed and workshop .
New Woolwich home for Woolwich
The possibility of a new railway being constructed at Crossness pumping station first came to the fore in 2011 when ex-Woolwich Arsenal 18in gauge Avonside 0-4-0T Woolwich arrived at the site under a 'restoration and operation ' loan from the Royal Gunpowder Mills , Waltham Abbey .
The locomotive had originally worked at Woolwich Royal Arsenal . It subsequently formed the initial motive power for the Bicton Woodland Railway but when Bicton re-equipped its rail operation and offered the historic locos and stock for sale , Woolwich was purchased in 2000 by the Royal Gunpowder Mills . The original concept had been to construct an 18in gauge line at Waltham Abbey but a change of plan instead saw development of a 2ft 6in gauge railway , hence the transfer of the loco to Crossness with a view to it being returned to steam – for operation within sight of the Royal Arsenal .
The 1860s pumping station with its Grade One Listed buildings and preserved steam beam engines is on the site of Thames Water 's Crossness Sewage Treatment Works . Being a strategically important modern plant this makes general public access impossible and imposes limitations on the number of dates the preserved pumping station can be opened to visitors .
Thames Water and Crossness Engines Trust have been exploring the means of achieving increased access to the historic pumping station by paying visitors for some years . The answer is presented by utilising a historic railway trackbed and – potentially - a new narrow gauge line .
Old trackbed answer to access
Construction of the original sewage works between 1860 and 1865 was aided by the contractors building a two and a half mile long standard gauge railway across the marshes from Plumstead . The old trackbed survives , almost unimpeded , and offers the means of providing independent access to the pumping station . A new car park is being built at Belvedere Road for use by pumping station visitors with a surfaced footpath constructed on part of the old railway route to the pumping station site . The path has been designed to allow construction of a 700 yard narrow gauge railway alongside , incorporating a kink to provide a suitable location for construction of a station .
Detailed proposals are now being prepared . If these are approved by Thames Water an application for planning permission will be submitted . With there being no adjacent properties the feeling is that objections are unlikely . If all proceeds as hoped , the new line could be opened in 2016 .
Although an application for a Heritage Lottery Fund grant to assist restoration of 0-4-0T Woolwich was unsuccessful , work has continued and ( in terms of time ) is rated as about 70-75 % complete . However , some £50,000 does need to be raised to finance work which can not be undertaken in-house at Crossness such as boiler repairs and production of new water tanks .
London steam centred on water
Considering the land area it covers and the size of the population the Greater London area is arguably surprisingly bereft of passenger-carrying heritage railways . Since the demise of the Southall Railway Centre some years ago there is no standard gauge railway operation within the M25 ring .
The two current steam-worked heritage lines ( this heritage railway definition not including miniature gauge railways ) are both 2ft gauge and , like the Crossness project , also linked to historic water pumping stations .
Kew Bridge Steam Museum ( re-branded last year as London Museum of Water & Steam ) started constructing a 2ft gauge demonstration line in the late 1980s to show how such railways served the water industry . Development continued in stages until it reached a length of some 300 yards round three sides of the museum in 1991 . Steam worked for many years under various arrangements , in June 2009 its own new-build 0-4-0ST ‘ Wren ' Thomas Wicksteed was commissioned and works the railway operation .
The Metropolitan Water Board Railway Society commenced running passenger trains on a new 2ft circuit of track , known as ‘ The Hanworth Loop ' , on a site adjacent to the preserved Kempton Great Engine House during 2013 . Initial steam operations were handled by 0-4-0ST ‘ Wren ' Thomas Wicksteed while the museum at Kew was undertaking extensive works preparatory to its re-launch which precluded its own railway operations . The railway now has its own resident steam locomotive , Andrew Barclay 0-4-0ST 984/1903 Darent .
The present operation at Kempton is the first phase aimed towards achieving the society 's ambition of reviving as much as possible of the 2ft gauge railway which once linked the pumping station at Kempton to that at Hampton on the River Thames . Like Crossness , ‘ The Hanworth Loop ' ( as is the planned longer railway ) is located on Thames Water land and can not be routinely accessed by the public . Entrance to the site access road is controlled by a remotely operated security gate and visits to the railway , and/or the Great Engines , is only possible on Open Days ( see www.hamptonkemptonrailway.org.uk for details ) or by special arrangement .
LT branch to Essex
The Epping Ongar Railway stakes a realistic claim to being London 's standard gauge heritage railway , but it lies outside the M25 ring . The branch to Ongar was opened in 1865 by the Eastern Counties Railway ( subsequently part of the Great Eastern Railway ) and post-nationalisation the route became part of the London Transport network – but the fact is , today 's heritage line running from Ongar , through North Weald to a railhead in Epping Forest a little short of LT 's Epping station , lies wholly in Essex .
The railway had an ‘ interesting ' birth as a heritage line , but a change of ownership in late 2007 heralded a new era and it was re-launched in May 2012 as a significant steam and diesel heritage line . Although it does not terminate ( currently , there are extension plans ) in Epping itself , a heritage bus service links the railway with Epping London Underground station .
External Links
What we have instead of Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt looking glamorous are the film 's two directors and their friends bringing out the natural cadences and rhythms of their relationships . The result is a more believable work , a dry-hard pan comedy that feels closer to you and your friends goofing off than anything rehearsed or scripted . Apparently much of the mock-doc was an improvised version of a script , letting the filmmakers have broad strokes in mind to keep focus but with the freedom to let actors be themselves . Everything has an ADD spontaneity that grabs your attention without needing a conventional plot , such as a midnight walk discussing a Fear Factor competition turning into an impromptu encounter with werewolves ( who remind themselves “ we 're werewolves not swearwolves ” ) . Even the very brilliant This is Spinal Tap can drag , a problem the filmmakers solved here .
Laughs are frequent and consistent . The more references you know , the funnier it will be , such as “ We got the idea from The Lost Boys. ” or when Deacon tries dressing up as Blade for a costume party . Made for fans of the genre by fans of the genre , vampire fans will rejoice . But what stops What We Do in the Shadows from appealing only to a niche is the warmth of the characters . I identified not only with their vampiric loneliness , but also the loving push-pull between friends . As noted by some critics , there 's an inherent sweetness to these characters and their interactions , one we all share with our own people . it is simply unexpected how universal Clement and Waititi 's off-kilter vampire mockumentary comedy turns out to be .
It does n't share Dostoyevsky 's level of insight into the human soul , but it does n't have to . Authenticity is a driving force here , and the home-movie look , naturalistic performances , and everyday slice-of-life dialogue and story bite the point home . Seeming to riff on Dogme 95 , the overall look is digital and unsophisticated , lacking coloring or much in the way of composition . During the few qualifying action sequences , especially a hyper-speed chase through a haunted house , the grounded low-budget look is terrifying . The stakes are n't high , but What We Do in the Shadows is relentlessly bloody fun .
B
Please follow me on Facebook , Twitter , or RSS below
MINEOLA , N.Y. — An air traffic controller directed a pilot having trouble with their plane to a landing strip that no longer existed at a closed Long Island airport before the aircraft crashed at a nearby railroad crossing , killing the pilot , according to a preliminary accident report released on Monday .
The pilot , Joseph Milo , 59 , of Westhampton Beach , died on Aug. 16 when their single-engine aircraft hit the tracks in Hicksville . A passenger was injured .
The Federal Aviation Administration said the Hawker Beechcraft BE35 had departed from Westhampton Beach , on eastern Long Island , and was headed to Morristown , N.J .
The plane crashed at a crossing between the Hicksville and Bethpage stations of the Long Island Rail Road around 7:45 a.m . The crash happened about eight nautical miles northwest of Republic Airport in East Farmingdale , which was the closest airport at the time , according to the report issued by the National Transportation Safety Board .
Story highlights Ban is `` deeply disappointed '' by Iran 's statements , their spokesperson says
Iran says it wo n't attend Geneva talks if it has to accept `` preconditions ''
Syrian opposition and the United States had called for Iran 's invitation to be rescinded
The goal of talks is to set up a transitional government to end the violence
Iran wo n't be attending this week 's international peace conference on Syria because it wo n't embrace the framework laid out in a previous conference , U.N. and Iranian officials said Monday .
The last-minute invitation to Iran , a leading Syrian ally , had threatened to derail the talks after the leading Syrian opposition group and the United States spoke out against it . Louay Safi , a spokesperson for the Syrian National Coalition , called Iran 's attendance `` a deal-breaker . ''
Iran announced Monday afternoon that it would not accept `` any preconditions '' for joining the talks , slated to begin Wednesday in Switzerland . That includes acceptance of the communique issued at the first Geneva conference in 2012 , said Mohammad Khazaee , Tehran 's U.N. ambassador .
`` If the participation of Iran is conditioned to accept Geneva I communique , Iran will not participate in Geneva II conference , '' Khazaee said in a written statement Monday afternoon . Foreign Minister Javad Zarif had made a similar declaration on Iranian state TV earlier Monday .
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who issued the invitation Sunday , believed they had Iran 's assurance that it accepted the original Geneva declaration , their spokesperson , Martin Nesirky , told reporters .
`` The secretary-general is deeply disappointed by Iranian public statements today that are not at all consistent with that stated commitment , '' Nesirky said.The declaration `` remains the internationally agreed framework for ending the crisis , '' they said -- and without Iran 's acceptance , this week 's conference `` will proceed without Iran 's participation , '' they added .
The goal of the talks is to set up a transitional government to help end the violence that has wracked the country .
The United Nations says more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since the revolt against President Bashar al-Assad began in 2011 . The Geneva I communique calls for a transitional government and eventual free elections as part of a political settlement to end the war .
Monday 's news capped a day of what Ban described as `` intensive and urgent '' discussions . ''
JUST WATCHED Iran invite complicates Syria peace talks Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Iran invite complicates Syria peace talks 02:48
JUST WATCHED Looking to end the Syrian conflict Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Looking to end the Syrian conflict 02:43
JUST WATCHED Chemical attack survivor shares story Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Chemical attack survivor shares story 05:58
JUST WATCHED Syrian war spills into Lebanon Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Syrian war spills into Lebanon 07:39
JUST WATCHED The ghost homes of Aleppo Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The ghost homes of Aleppo 02:20
The opposition coalition initially set a 2 p.m . ET deadline for its conditions to be met . When that time passed , the coalition said it would await Ban 's decision before making any moves on its own .
Safi told CNN that Ban `` did the right thing '' by withdrawing Iran 's invitation . And in Washington , the State Department praised the move .
`` We are hopeful that , in the wake of today 's announcement , all parties can now return to focus on the task at hand , which is bringing an end to the suffering of the Syrian people and beginning a process toward a long overdue political transition , '' State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said .
Western intelligence officials believe Iran has provided fighters , intelligence and communications to support al-Assad . In addition , fighters from the Iranian-backed Shiite militia Hezbollah have seen combat in Syria on the side of the government .
Most outside support for rebel forces has come from the Persian Gulf monarchies of Saudi Arabia and Qatar . U.S. aid has been limited largely to non-lethal assistance such as communications gear and medical equipment , and American officials have struggled with how to back opposition groups without providing weapons to those linked to Islamic militants .
A preliminary international session is scheduled for Wednesday in Montreux , Switzerland , with talks between the Syrian government and opposition delegations slated to begin Friday in Geneva .
Al-Assad has called for the conference to include a focus on `` fighting terrorism '' in Syria . Throughout the civil war , Syria has blamed violence on `` terrorists . ''
`` The obvious matter that we continuously talk about , is that we like Geneva conference to have clear resolution concerning fighting terrorism in Syria , and put pressure on the countries that export terrorism to Syria , by sending terrorists to Syria , sending money to terrorist organizations and sending weapons , especially Saudi and Turkey , and of course the western countries who create political cover for these organizations , '' al-Assad said in an interview with AFP .
Saudi Arabia and Turkey have denied similar accusations from Syria in the past .
Any political resolution that comes out of the talks `` without considering fighting terrorism will have no value , '' al-Assad added .
'Iran needs to be part of the solution '
Ban announced the invitation to Iran at a surprise news conference Sunday night .
`` As I have said repeatedly , I believe strongly that Iran needs to be part of the solution to the Syrian crisis , '' Ban said , adding that they have spoken `` at length '' with Zarif in recent days .
`` He has assured me that , like all the other countries invited to the opening day discussions in Montreux , Iran understands that the basis of the talks is the full implementation of the 30 June 2012 Geneva Communique , including the Action Plan .
`` Foreign Minister Zarif and I agree that the goal of the negotiations is to establish , by mutual consent , a transitional governing body with full executive powers . It was on that basis that Foreign Minister Zarif pledged that Iran would play a positive and constructive role in Montreux , '' Ban said .
On Monday , two car bombs exploded in northern Syria near a border crossing with Turkey , killing 10 people , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists .
The Bab al Hawa border crossing has been one of the main terminals for sending supplies from Turkey into rebel-held portions of Syria , though it has been closed during periods of violence on the Syrian side of the border .
Monday 's bombing was the latest attack there . Last February , an explosion rocked a customs gate on the Turkish side , killing at least 13 people , the Turkish government said .
Syrian rebels first overran the Syrian border gate at Bab el Hawa in the summer of 2012 , flushing out government forces after days of fighting , though different groups have battled for control of the area since . The Syrian side of the border gate currently is held by an Islamist militant group , opposition activists say .
On the Eve of an Illegal Attack on Syria , Avaaz/350.org Board Members Beat the Drums of War | Wrong Kind of Green | the NGOs & conservation groups that are bargaining away our future
Sat , 20 Sep 2014 20:27
adminAug 30 , 2013350.org / 1Sky , Avaaz , Non-Profit Industrial Complex , The International Campaign to Destabilize Syria , Whiteness & Aversive Racism '' Here 's the awful truth : even if every person , every automobile , and every factory suddenly emitted zero emissions , the earth would still be headed , head first and at full speed , toward total disaster for one major reason . The military produces enough greenhouse gases , by itself , to place the entire globe , with all its inhabitants large and small , in the most imminent danger of extinction . '' ' -- Barry Sanders , The Green Zone
Today 's commentary by Cory Morningstar , WKOG Collective
August 30 , 2012
Appalling .
350.org 's Van Jones ( U.S . Advisory Council Board member and NRDC trustee ) , is calling for airstrikes on Syria . [ CNN Video below . ]
From the 350.org website :
'' Van Jones is a globally recognized , award-winning pioneer in human rights and the clean-energy economy . They are a co-founder of three successful non-profit organizations : The Ella Baker Center for Human Rights , Color of Change and Green For All . Jones is the best-selling author of the definitive book on green jobs , The Green-Collar Economy . They served as the green jobs advisor in the Obama White House in 2009 . Jones is currently the President of Rebuild the Dream . '' [ Emphasis added . ]
Never has the legacy of Ella Baker been so disgraced . Ella , today , spinning in their grave , once conveyed to the world :
'' Remember , we are not fighting for the freedom of the Negro alone , but for the freedom of the human spirit a larger freedom that encompasses all humankind . ''
Ella would surely spit on Van Jones if they were alive today.350.org 's Ricken Patel ( 350.org International Advisory Council member `` and Avaaz founder ) is also pounding the drums of war . Just 4 days ago , on August 22 , 2013 , Patel themselves urged Avaaz supporters to demand world leaders `` place a no-fly zone over Syria . '' Those who comprise Avaaz are already up to their necks `` in the blood of the Libyan people who they helped annihilate . [ Further reading : Did Libya 's Citizens Demand Foreign Intervention ? A ridiculous question , yet according to Avaaz , the answer is yes . ]
The following link is Google 's cache of the Avaaz/Patel campaign to demand a no fly zone ( https : //secure.avaaz.org/en/syria_no_fly_zone/ ) . It is a snapshot of the page as it appeared on 22 Aug 2013 18:08:13 GMT : http : //webcache.googleusercontent.com/search ? q=cache : vzBe8PMa7H8J : https : //secure.avaaz.org/en/syria_no_fly_zone/+ & cd=1 & hl=en & ct=clnk & gl=ca & client=firefox-a
Screenshots of Patel 's email :
Of course , organizations such as Avaaz and 350.org/1Sky , are created and financed by the very fraudsters that the World Bank whistleblower , Karen Hudes , warns us about . [ WORLD BANK WHISTLEBLOWER ON SYRIA [ THE IRAN , IRAQ , SYRIA PIPELINE PROJECT ] The notorious war criminal , George Bush , first used the term `` axis of evil '' in their State of the Union Address on January 29 , 2002 . They repeated the term throughout their presidency , to describe the governments that they accused of helping `` terrorism '' and seeking `` weapons of mass destruction '' . Media perpetually echoed the message until it sunk into the American psyche . Iran , Iraq and North Korea were the key `` Axis of Evil '' countries targeted for demonization .
Perhaps forgotten is that the `` Beyond the Axis of Evil '' countries included Cuba , Libya , & Syria .
The demonization of the Libyan leader , Muammar Gaddafi , ( distinguished guest of U.S. Colombia University , 2006 ) was never so skillfully orchestrated .
The public lapped it up .
Over a million dead and counting .
Today , `` The Axis of Evil '' psyops ( still drilled into the Euro-American psyche ) has been coupled , if not superseded , with the manufacturing of fear . Add to this orchestrated fear , the `` Humanitarian Intervention '' and `` Responsibility to Protect '' doctrines . The cr¨me de le cr¨me of imperial rhetoric . Such doctrines , created by American `` think-tanks '' , for the elite , by the elite , are of critical use for a declining and morally bankrupt empire . An empire that brilliantly attempts to convince and portray , utilizing the language within these doctrines , that the atrocities they manufacture , call for , and carry out , are somehow honourable and admirable `` as opposed to what they actually are : crimes against humanity . Orwell would have called this psychopathic persistence a stunning feat in doublespeak .
Many so-called civil society organizations/NGOs have been instrumental in making these doctrines palatable to the public .
The empire really needs you to believe .
Don't.Above : The video that Avaaz et al did not want you to see . '' That a million Libyans came out and filled Green Square , under the threat of NATO bombing , to show their support for Muammar al-Gaddafi was easily overlooked . A seduced person , a person who is loving the thrill of being seduced , no longer has any use for truth or facts . '' [ The `` Arab Spring '' and the Seduction of the Western Left ]
[ Cory Morningstar is an independent investigative journalist , writer and environmental activist , focusing on global ecological collapse and political analysis of the non-profit industrial complex . They reside in Canada . Them recent writings can be found on Wrong Kind of Green , The Art of Annihilation , Political Context , Counterpunch , Canadians for Action on Climate Change and Countercurrents . Them writing has also been published by Bolivia Rising and Cambio , the official newspaper of the Plurinational State of Bolivia . ]
Further Reading on 350.org :
Rockefellers ' 1Sky Unveils the New 350.org | More $ `` More Delusion
Why I Refuse to Promote Bill McKibben
The Climate Cartel : 1Sky , 350.org and Rockefeller Brothers | Stronger as One
Tar Sands Action & the Paralysis of a Movement | Part I
Obedience `` A New Requirement for the `` Revolution ''
Unravelling the Deception of a False Movement
When Will Environmentalists Ever Wake Up ? The Great Pipeline Scam
Keystone XL | The Ivory Towers Crushing the Last Remnants of Climate Justice
SumOfUs are Corporate Whores | Some Of Us Are Not
The Most Important COP Briefing That No One Ever Heard | Truth , Lies , Racism & Omnicide
Designer Protests and Vanity Arrests in DC
Keystone XL : The Art of NGO Discourse | Part I
Keystone XL : The Art of NGO Discourse `` Part II
Working for Warren : Corporate Greens
Further Reading on Avaaz :
The Grotesque and Disturbing Ideology at the Helm of Avaaz
SPEAKING TRUTH : A Profound Message to Avaaz from Poet Gabriel Impaglione of Argentina
Argentine Journalist Stella Calloni Denounces Avaaz | Latin American Unions Follow Them Lead
Avaaz : Empire Propaganda Mill Masquerading as Grassroots Activism
Rio Summit `` Good Versus Evil '' Advert Displays Blatant Racism and Imperialism at Core of Avaaz
Avaaz : Imperialist Pimps of Militarism , Protectors of the Oligarchy , Trusted Facilitators of War | Part I , Section I
Avaaz : Imperialist Pimps of Militarism , Protectors of the Oligarchy , Trusted Facilitators of War | Part I , Section II
Through the Looking Glass
Avaaz : Imperialist Pimps of Militarism , Protectors of the Oligarchy , Trusted Facilitators of War | Part I , Section III
Imperialist Pimps of Militarism , Protectors of the Oligarchy , Trusted Facilitators of War | Part II , Section I
Avaaz : Imperialist Pimps of Militarism , Protectors of the Oligarchy , Trusted Facilitators of War | Part II , Section II
Stella Calloni : Disinformation Against Syria is Criminal
The editor of ThinkProgress , the Soros-funded attack dog site , has been caught boasting to a billionaire liberal donor about how a smear campaign by one of their minions helped damage the career of a reputable climate scientist .
In the latest Wikileak , Judd Legum of ThinkProgress is revealed to have written in a 2014 email to green activist billionaire and Hillary Clinton bagman Tom Steyer :
I think it 's fair say that , without Climate Progress , Pielke would still be writing on climate change for 538 . They would be providing important cover for climate deniers backed by Silver 's very respected brand . But because of our work , they are not .
Legum is referring to an incident which caused a big stir in both new media and climate science circles , not long after the launch of Nate Silver 's 538 .
We covered this story at the time under the headline Now Nate Silver Capitulates , Throws Staffer To Green Activists – because that 's basically what happened . Amid much fanfare , Silver had set up their journalism site FiveThirtyEight – which made a big deal of being “ data-driven ” and therefore above the political bias of other web-based news media . One of their star writer recruits was climate expert Roger Pielke Jr. A former Director of the Center for Science and Technology Policy Research at the University of Colorado Boulder , Pielke is not an out-and-out climate sceptic but a self-described “ luke-warmer. ” That is , they believe in the science of human-made global warming . But they do n't believe in exaggerating the case .
Pielke 's mistake was to write a piece for FiveThirtyEight stating what they thought was a fairly unarguable , scientifically grounded truth : that there has been no increase in “ extreme weather events ” as a result of supposed human-made climate change .
Almost instantly , Pielke found themselves viciously attacked from a number of quarters , everywhere from The Guardian and The Week to the Columbia Journalism review , not to mention FiveThreeEight 's comments section , where they were accused of writing “ propaganda for big oil . ”
Pielke Jr was so mortified that they never wrote on the subject of climate change for the site again and was subsequently dropped as a writer by Silver .
Thanks to Wikileaks , we now know that the dark agent behind this monstering , was Climate Progress – the eco-fascist sub-section of ThinkProgress , run by Joe Romm , devoted to promulgating green propaganda and smearing sceptics .
Unsurprisingly , it now emerges that one of Climate Progress 's donors is Tom “ rhymes with liar ” Steyer , whose epic disgustingness I have previously chronicled here and here .
No doubt Steyer – and Soros – more than get their money 's worth : smearing and misinformation , after all , are what political attack dog sites are paid to do .
The key question is , though , how does this square with the environmental movement 's claim to hold the moral high ground ?
If the “ science ” is as settled as it frequently claims , why is it necessary to orchestrate attacks on any scientist who speaks even slightly out of turn ?
Retiring Washington GOP Rep. Dave Reichert
Democrats got some huge news on Wednesday when GOP Rep. Dave Reichert announced that they would not seek re-election to Washington 's 8th congressional district , a competitive seat in suburban Seattle . Reichert is a former King County sheriff who made their name after the serial killer Gary Ridgway , known as the Green River Killer , was apprehended on their watch ( though it 's a stretch to say that Reichert themselves was the one who caught Ridgway ) , and they first won a seat in the House in 2004 .
Democrats repeatedly tried to unseat Reichert once they took office , but they proved to be an incredibly tough target , and they managed to pull off close wins during both the 2006 and 2008 Democratic waves . They also survived a surprisingly tight race during 2010 , a strong GOP year , but redistricting soon made their seat redder and Democrats have n't made a serious effort to oust them since then .
However , Washington 's 8th backed Obama 50-48 and Clinton 48-45 , so with Reichert gone , it will instantly spring to the top of Democratic target lists . A few Democrats were already running before Reichert called it quits , but none are especially prominent , and other , more established figures will likely take a much closer look at running now .
Republicans have held this seat for a long time , though , and they 're not going to give it up without a fight . Indeed , Evergreen State Republicans have a history of performing well in districts that backed Clinton and Obama , so Democrats can take nothing for granted . It 's also worth noting that Washington elections are run using a so-called “ top-two ” primary : All the candidates will face off on one primary ballot next year , and the two candidates with the most votes will advance to the general , regardless of their party . In all likelihood , though , one Democrat and one Republican will face off in November of 2018 .
Please give $ 3 today to help turn Washington 's 8th District from red to blue !
DoubleLariat Profile Joined October 2010 Canada 190 Posts # 1 + Show Spoiler [ GSL Spoiler ] + In an interivew , HopeTorture said that because in the most recent patch , workers had their attacks made `` better '' , the 6 pool just wo n't work against Terrans if they can get a marine out .
Does anyone know what that player was talking about when they said worker attacks got `` better . '' It 's clearly not a damage increase .... is it range or speed ? Has anyone noticed this ? Does anyone know what that player was talking about when they said worker attacks got `` better . '' It 's clearly not a damage increase .... is it range or speed ? Has anyone noticed this ?
Angry.Zerg Profile Blog Joined October 2010 Mexico 305 Posts # 2
+ Show Spoiler +
Leenock vs NaDa game 1
No idea ... but actually Leenock proves them wrong ... You play to win
GWash Profile Joined May 2010 United States 153 Posts Last Edited : 2010-10-29 20:29:51 # 3 They made workers slide less , increasing their effectiveness against moving targets . Pre 1.1.2 , if you put a worker on patrol in a square , the other worker would never hit him . Now , the chasing worker lands hit at each corner , instead of sliding past .
To clarify , before the patch , workers would `` run past first base '' chasing other workers , where as now they close distances on turns < 90 degrees
It 's very real ; that translator just botched what they were saying .
DoubleLariat Profile Joined October 2010 Canada 190 Posts # 4 Oooohhh . I see . This makes a lot more sense now .
Thanks Gwash .
KawaiiRice Profile Blog Joined May 2007 United States 2908 Posts # 5 On October 30 2010 05:27 GWash wrote :
They made workers slide less , increasing their effectiveness against moving targets . Pre 1.1.2 , if you put a worker on patrol in a square , the other worker would never hit him . Now , the chasing worker lands hit at each corner , instead of sliding past .
To clarify , before the patch , workers would `` run past first base '' chasing other workers , where as now they close distances on turns < 90 degrees
It 's very real ; that translator just botched what they were saying .
OMG I NEVER KNEW THAT
I whined like every game for a month about the sliding ^_^^^^^ Yay OMG I NEVER KNEW THATI whined like every game for a month about the sliding ^_^^^^^ Yay @ KawaiiRiceLighT
GaussWaffle Profile Joined May 2010 United States 211 Posts # 6 I swear to god SCVs have .5 range on their attacks QQ
non drone workers rape the shit outta ling # smaller than 10 ^^
GWash Profile Joined May 2010 United States 153 Posts # 7 Just a tip , if you are defending a 6pool with your workers , never fight in the mineral line . Get your workers in open space where their superior numbers ( 11-12 workers vs 6 lings ) can actually get you a surround .
Bumblebees Profile Joined August 2010 United States 316 Posts # 8 On October 30 2010 14:46 GWash wrote :
Just a tip , if you are defending a 6pool with your workers , never fight in the mineral line . Get your workers in open space where their superior numbers ( 11-12 workers vs 6 lings ) can actually get you a surround .
That 's a horrible tip .
The correct way to do it is to stay in the mineral line and abuse the mineral-clicking . Click the mineral furthest away from the attacking lings , when they are in the `` middle '' of the mineral line , click behind them . Halfway through issue an attack command . Instant and easy surround .
No only that , but you can place your workers against the main base to reduce surface area and stop a ling surround if necessary .
When you 're done , that 's 5+ fewer game seconds to get back to minerals .
That 's a horrible tip.The correct way to do it is to stay in the mineral line and abuse the mineral-clicking . Click the mineral furthest away from the attacking lings , when they are in the `` middle '' of the mineral line , click behind them . Halfway through issue an attack command . Instant and easy surround.No only that , but you can place your workers against the main base to reduce surface area and stop a ling surround if necessary.When you 're done , that 's 5+ fewer game seconds to get back to minerals .
Hautamaki Profile Blog Joined December 2003 Canada 1311 Posts # 9 you usually have to bring them out to defend your pylon/gateway/rax anyways so I 'd say my pro-tip is brought em all and bring em early to stop 6 pools . If the guy is good and does n't engage your workers but just runs around , send back a few workers and keep the worker production coming while still keeping enough workers out chasing the lings to beat them . You should pull ahead on economy that way while still staying safe . I think 6 pools are easier to beat in SC2 than 4 pools were in SC1 because the workers really are much better fighters than before . True learning is not the memorization of knowledge ; it is the internalization of patterns .
Smartphone cameras range from barely usable to high-end cameras that can be used to take high quality pictures . But there is more to taking a photo than just the quality of the camera built into the device .
It comes down to having an eye for the right scene , focusing the camera on the right point and tapping the `` take photo '' button at the right time .
Most cameras support a wide range of settings that change how the photo looks like in the end . From auto focus to color corrections or auto exposure .
If photos that you take with your phone 's camera do n't feel right , for instance if they do n't show the whole scene , you may find the new Android application Camera51 useful .
The free app guides you when you take photos so that you take the best shot possible .
Note : The app wo n't work with many devices . It is not a limitation of which Android version you are running but more of support for features that it requires . First of all , the smartphone needs to support 3:4 aspect ratio which some do n't Apart from that , it requires a fast processor which means that many high-end devices are not supported either by it .
Here is how it works . The app analyzes the data on the screen taking factors such as objects , lines or shapes into account . It displays an aim box afterwards which you need to move the camera so that it matches that aim box . All that is left then is to hit the capture button to take the photo .
The app works fine most of the time but you may notice that it moves the aim box sometimes when you start moving the phone 's camera in the direction of the current aim box .
It is however possible to select objects manually by tapping the screen . This puts the focus on the object and the application will set determine the framing guidance , focus and exposure based on that .
Instead of selecting one object , it is possible to select up to three different objects which the app will take into account .
Here is a video announcing the Camera51 application .
Closing Words
Camera51 introduces a unique feature to the crowded photo apps space . The biggest drawback right now is that many phones are not supported by it at all .
It is an impressive first release nevertheless and it will be interesting to see how the app evolves over time .
Summary Author Rating no rating based on 0 votes Software Name Camera51 Operating System Android Landing Page https : //play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.camera51.android
Advertisement
Peng Chang-kuei , inventor of General Tso 's chicken .
In the canon of 20th-century foods , there are few if any dishes that loom larger than General Tso 's Chicken . It 's a ubiquitous staple of Chinese restaurants , of which there are more in the United States than Burger Kings , Domino 's , McDonald 's , Pizza Huts , and Wendy 's combined . When people talk about Chinese-American food they 're probably talking about General Tso 's chicken , and it 's as much a staple comfort food that Americans cling to as pizza or wings . On Wednesday , the chef who 's often credited with inventing the iconic dish , Peng Chang-kuei , died from pneumonia at the age of 98 .
Peng was born in Changsha , Hunan , and named their creation , its flavors inspired by their home 's cuisine , for one of the province 's famous generals . But as was documented by both Chinese-food authority Fuchsia Dunlop , who wrote an acclaimed cookbook about Hunanese food , and in the documentary Search for General Tso , no one in Hunan really knows about the dish . That 's because it was invented in Taiwan , where a lot of China 's classically trained chefs fled after the Chinese Civil War . Peng had serious chops : They trained under Hunanese chef Cao Jing-chen , the family cook for one of China 's former prime ministers , and ran Nationalist government banquets after World War II . Like a lot of China 's great cooks , who by virtue of their vocation had ties to the upper class , they fled to Taiwan after the fall of the Nationalist government in 1949 .
Three years later , according to Peng , they invented the dish that would become a staple of the American diet while cooking for American Admiral Arthur W. Radford . They brought it to the United States in 1971 when they opened a restaurant in New York — one Mimi Sheraton of the New York Times called it a “ stir‐fried masterpiece ” — and it soon became a craze . It quickly landed at Shun Lee Palace , where RedFarm owner and Chinese-food obsessive Ed Schoenfeld says Chef T. T. Wang made it tarter and sweeter to accommodate the American palate . Peng tried to launch a chain of restaurants in the United States , and while their plans were foiled , their creation swept the nation . But drop into any Chinese-American restaurant from Anchorage , Alaska , to Harrisonville , Missouri , to Garden City , Long Island , and you 'll find General Tso 's on the menu .
During Thursday night 's Republican primary debate , co-moderator Megyn Kelly referred to the absent Donald Trump as the “ elephant in the room. ” Behind-the-scenes , as revealed by Ted Cruz immediately after the debate , Kelly privately referred to Trump as “ Voldemort , ” the embodiment of evil in the Harry Potter novels .
Fox News told the Daily Mail that Kelly merely referred to Trump as “ He Who Shall Not Be Named , ” but refused to say if Kelly knew this was a direct reference to the Voldemort character .
However , while on-camera , Kelly did not deny calling Trump Voldemort . During a post-debate interview Cruz said to Kelly , “ Well , you know , you were joking just before we went on air that it was sort of like Voldermort , they who must not be named . ”
Kelly 's only response was a tight smile .
Cruz might have been motivated to drop Kelly in the grease due to theirs being repeatedly targeted by the moderators during the debate . After their rivals were again and again given a free opportunity to tee off on Cruz , the Texas senator finally objected :
“ I would note that the last four questions have been Rand , please attack Ted ; Marco , please attack Ted ; Chris , please attack Ted ; Jeb , please attack Ted , ” Cruz accurately pointed out .
Chris Wallace responded , “ It is a debate , sir . ”
Cruz countered , “ Well , no , a debate actually is a policy issue . ”
Kelly 's non-denial reaction to Cruz combined with a statement from Fox News that reeks of evasive hair-splitting , will only further fuel Trump 's claim that Kelly , and by extension Fox News , are out to sandbag their campaign . And there was plenty of evidence of that prior to Voldemort-Gate .
While Trump used their boycott of the Fox News debate to raise $ 6 million for America 's veterans , the billionaire business person 's closest rivals got pretty beat up over those two hours .
It would appear as though “ Voldemort ” walking away was the exact right move .
As for Megyn Kelly , this is another public relations disaster for the cable news primetime queen . Just two days after playing kissy-face with no less than Michael Moore , she 's caught in this gaffe-tastic moment .
I 'm not sure “ fair and balanced ” means what Fox News thinks it means .
BOSTON ( CBS ) — Even though the Broncos are n't playing this weekend , the team seems to be the epicenter of most NFL news this week . Between the quarterback situation with Peyton Manning and Brock Osweiler , as well as the lingering HGH report , there 's quite a bit to discuss for the AFC 's No . 1 seed .
So Toucher & Rich called old friend Darren McKee from 104.3 The Fan in Denver on Friday morning to discuss a bevy of topics .
On Peyton Manning replacing Brock Osweiler in Week 17 :
“ Listen , let me tell you , the Peyton thing is a better story . So it 's better for everybody telling the story … And I will tell you this , being there on Sunday , when Manning did go in the game , yeah , it did have all that magical spark in the crowd , and their teammates all of a sudden stopped sucking . They were incredibly bad , they were minus-5 [ in turnovers ] and only down six points . Brock has led double-digit comebacks against the Patriots and the Bengals . So to think that the Broncos were out with Brock Osweiler down 13-7 with 10 minutes to go in the third is preposterous . It 's just that they were making so many dumb mistakes .
“ And if you really look at it closely , they 're up 7-3 , Emmanuel Sanders fumbles the ball at the 5-yard line . If they hold on to the ball and the Broncos score there , Peyton Manning probably never takes another snap for the Denver Broncos . Ever . That 's how crazy this story is .
On the reaction , or lack thereof , to the Al Jazeera HGH report which ties in Manning :
“ It 's a really tricky one , because believe it or not there is a reasonable reason why HGH may have been sent to Manning 's wife . They were married for almost a decade with no kids , and then a couple of twins popped out , out of nowhere . … There 's enough there , I guess some women use HGH for fertility reasons , anti-aging reasons , so there 's enough there to say that it 's actually plausible to say that Ashley Manning could have been sent some stuff . ”
On the suspicious circumstances from which Ashley Manning could have received such shipments :
“ It was a little house , they called it the Guyer Institute , but it looks like something you 'd see in Route 1 in Saugus in a strip mall next to the Firefly Massage . It was n't exactly the most reputable looking place , and they were sending it to Florida . The Mannings have a home in Miami .
“ I do n't know , guys . Here 's why nobody cares about this in Denver : The whole HGH thing has nothing to do with the Broncos . It all has to do with Peyton Manning and their legacy . And in all honesty , I do n't think there 's one player on the Broncos who care about Peyton Manning 's legacy . I think that 's true in the NFL ; I do n't think there are a lot of guys on the Patriots that probably care about Tom Brady 's legacy . I think they care about what they 're doing right now . I do n't think the Broncos are any different than any other NFL team .
“ Nobody really cares . None of the players really care , and nobody here in Denver cares all that much about Peyton Manning 's legacy — not enough to make it a big deal . ”
On Peyton Manning being rested and healthy enough to actually put together a Super Bowl run :
“ Here it is . If you are ever going to succeed with Peyton Manning , this is it right now . You 're not going to get a better situation with Peyton Manning , so if they go one-and-done , if they fail again here , there are no other excuses . And I do n't think Archie Manning can call up and make another excuse for their kid . By the way , at what age does your dad stop making excuses for you ?
On the Patriots ' losing two games to end the season and lose out on home-field throughout the playoffs :
“ I ca n't even believe that the Super Bowl goes theoretically would go through Denver . [ The Patriots might regret their end of the season ] a lot ! A lot ! It 's insane that you 'd want to come out here . It 's been the poison pill for the Patriots over the years . And trust me , the Broncos themselves — the Broncos themselves — are terrified of going to Foxboro . The players themselves . Not the fans — the players !
“ So I ca n't believe it happened . And yeah , I do n't really get it . I do n't understand it . … I mean , the Patriots lost to Brock Osweiler . I know it 's not Tim Tebow , but it 's not that far away . … I just , I 'm amazed how terrified people are of playing in Foxboro , and that the Patriots could n't take advantage of that when , boy , it was really right there in their hands . You had to beat Miami , in Miami ? Oh my lord , come on . ”
The name comes from “ Nihon , ” which is one of the two Japanese words for Japan . The other word , “ Nippon , ” made its way to versions of the periodic table in 1908 as element 43 , nipponium , but was never officially accepted . At the time , researchers were unable to replicate the experiments of Masataka Ogawa , a Japanese chemist who isolated the element . Two decades later , it was revealed that Dr. Ogawa had in fact found a new element : element 75 , by then already known as rhenium . The team that discovered element 113 told Iupac that they had chosen nihonium in part to honor the work of Dr. Ogawa .
A trio of research institutions — the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research , in Russia ; Oak Ridge National Laboratory , in Tennessee ; and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , in California — were given the right to propose names for elements 115 and 117 .
Moscovium , symbol Mc , is named for Moscow , which is near the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research . Tennessine , symbol Ts , gets its name from the state of Tennessee , where Oak Ridge National Laboratory is . After californium , it is the second element named for one of the 50 states .
Naming rights for element 118 belonged to the same Russian researchers and the Americans from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
They selected Oganesson , symbol Og , for Yuri Oganessian , who helped discover several superheavy elements . If accepted , it will be only the second time that an element is named for a living person . The first was element 106 , seaborgium , named for Glenn T. Seaborg .
Close
`` Pokémon Go Plus '' much-awaited release date has been revealed . Latest reports claimed that Niantic is expected to take the wraps off its hugely-anticipated `` Pokémon Go Plus '' on July 31 and will start landing in the United Kingdom in mid-August .
Apparently , `` Pokémon Go Plus '' will switch up the way players presently play the game in some big ways . According to Alphr , it is a wristband-mounted accessory equipped with a standalone peripheral , allowing players to play out certain actions in the game without looking their mobile phone 's screen and the `` Pokémon Go '' app the whole time .
In the event that a Pokémon is nearby , the said device will apparently vibrate and light up . By then , the player can toss a Poké Ball and press the button to capture the Pokémon .
However , Nintendo previously stated that the one-button-catch feature will just work on Pokémon that the players had caught before . What 's more , players can not also check what they have caught until the device is connected to an appropriate mobile device .
As for the design , `` Pokémon Go Plus '' is said to be a combination of a Poké Ball and the shape of the Google Maps pin . The device itself is 46 x 33 x 17.55mm and weighs 13 grams .
We are doing a # Giveaway on the release date for the # PokemonGo Plus - Follow and RT to take part . pic.twitter.com/YN1JXfkliX — Pokémon Go News ( @ PokemonGoEN ) July 20 , 2016
With a price tag of £34.99 in the UK ( $ 34.99 USD ) , the highly anticipated device is only compatible with iOS 8 or higher operating system . Pocket Lint reported that compatibility with Android devices is currently under development .
The device is yet to open for pre-orders , with a shipping date of Aug. 31 , 2016 , in the UK . However , it should be noted that Nintendo UK store will reportedly sell only one `` Pokémon Go Plus '' to each customer to manage the demands .
`` Pokémon Go , '' which was released on July 6 , allows players to capture , battle and train virtual creatures , called Pokémon , who show up on mobile screens as though in the real world . The augmented reality mobile game was already downloaded by more than 30 million individuals across the globe .
© Copyright 2018 Mobile & Apps , All rights reserved . Do not reproduce without permission .
The Software Freedom Law Center , which provides legal help to the free and open-source software community , has released a detailed document that describes how users and vendors can ensure they are in compliance with the open-source GNU General Public License ( GPL ) .
Initially , GPL compliance was enforced through informal means , such as bulletin board discussions , but as Linux 's profile grew in ensuing years , enforcement efforts became more organized and ultimately entered the courts , the report notes .
It need not go that far , according to authors Bradley Kuhn , Aaron Williamson and Karen Sandler .
`` We have found that most violations stem from a few common mistakes that can be , for the most part , easily avoided , '' they wrote . `` We hope to educate the community of commercial distributors , redistributors , and resellers on how to avoid violations in the first place , and to respond adequately and appropriately when a violation occurs . ''
Among the lengthy report 's tips is a caution not to rely on `` build gurus . ''
`` Too many software projects rely on only one or a very few team members who know how to build and assemble the final released product , '' it states . `` Such knowledge centralization not only creates engineering redundancy issues , but it also endangers GPL compliance , which requires you to provide build scripts . ''
Companies should also closely watch their software purchases to ensure they are compliant with the GPL , according to the report .
`` The companies we contact about GPL violations often respond with : 'We did n't know there was GPL 'd stuff in there , ' '' it states . `` Integration of third-party proprietary software typically requires a formal arrangement and management/legal oversight before the developers incorporate the software . By contrast , your developers often obtain and integrate FOSS without intervention . The ease of acquisition , however , does not mean the oversight is any less necessary . ''
The Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) is poised to repeal net neutrality regulations on Thursday , a move that has provoked a massive uproar both tech giants and internet users .
The FCC will likely vote along party lines later today to approve Chairman Ajit Pai 's plan to scrap the Obama-era rules that require internet service providers to treat all web traffic equally . Net neutrality supporters say that the move to repeal the 2015 rules will upend the level playing field that businesses enjoy on the internet and disrupt the free flow of information online .
“ Together with their Republican colleagues , Chairman Pai will shrink consumer protection , competition and innovation ten sizes too small , delivering the goodies instead — like price hikes , extra tolls and users ' personal information to sell — to giant broadband providers like Comcast , AT & T and Verizon , ” said Gigi Sohn , who served as an adviser to Pai 's Democratic predecessor .
Pai , who voted against the original rules as a minority commissioner under the Obama administration , argues that the rules are too heavy-handed and that there is little reason to worry about internet service providers abusing their powers over the internet .
For its part , the broadband industry , which vehemently opposes the rules , has tried to reassure consumers that they will not be hurt by the regulatory rollback .
ADVERTISEMENT
Michael Powell , a former GOP FCC chair who runs the trade group NCTA , said that users ' internet experience “ will not be compromised in any meaningful , measurable way . ”
“ Your internet Thursday afternoon will not change in any significant or substantial way from the internet you 're experiencing today , nor will it be different next week , nor will it be different on a Thursday a year from now , ” Powell said on a call with reporters on Wednesday .
But net neutrality 's supporters are n't reassured . Sites like Reddit , Tumblr and Kickstarter engaged in online protests of the plan this week , pushing users to urge lawmakers to oppose the rollback . And a poll released this week showed that 83 percent of voters support keeping the FCC 's rules in place .
Dozens of congressional Democrats — and at least one Republican — have urged Pai to cancel Thursday 's vote , but the chairperson has vowed to move forward with the plan .
The fight over the rules is likely to continue . If Pai 's proposal is approved by the commission as expected , it will almost certainly face a legal challenge from consumer groups . Republicans in Congress are calling for a legislative replacement to the rules , but Democrats say that any bill would likely fall short of the FCC 's protections .
One month ago , when we last looked at the Fed 's update of Treasuries held in custody , we noted something troubling : the number had continued to drop sharply , declining by another $ 14 billion in one week , and pushing the total amount of custodial paper to $ 2.788 trillion , the lowest since 2012 . One month later , we refresh this chart and find that in last week 's update , there is finally some good news : foreign central banks finally bought some US paper held in the Fed 's custody account , which following months of liquidation , rose over the past two weeks by $ 23 billion , the biggest two-week advance since November of 2016 , pushing the total amount of custodial paper to $ 2.816 trillion , the highest since early October .
That was the good news , and we use the term loosely in as much as the custody account can be used as a proxy of foreign buying , which according to most rates watchers , it can .
The bad news came out with the release of the latest monthly Treasury International Capital data for the month of October , which showed that the troubling trend presented one month ago , has accelerated to an unprecedented degree .
Recall that in mid-November , we reported that in the latest 12 months we observed a record $ 375 billion in Treasury selling by foreign central banks in the period August 2015-September 2016 , something unprecedented in size .
Fast forward to today when in the latest monthly update for the month of October , we find that what until a month ago was `` merely '' a record $ 375 billion in offshore central bank sales in the LTM period ending September 30 has , one month later , risen to a new all-time high $ 403 billion in Treasuries sold in the past 12 months .
As the chart below shows , there has never been such an aggressive selling of US Treasuries over a 12 month period in history .
The biggest seller , and keep in mind that TIC data is on a market-price adjusted basis , was once again was China , which in October `` sold '' a record $ 41 billion in US paper ( the actual underlying number while different , as this particular series is adjusted for Mark to Market variations , will be similar ) , and a massive $ 125 billion in the last 4 months , bringing its total Treasury holdings to just $ 1.116 trillion , the lowest amount of US paper held by Beijing since 2010 . In the process , China has now been overtaken by Japan for the top US creditor position in terms of total holdings with $ 1.132 trillion , for just the second time .
It was n't just China : Belgium , which has long been rumored to be the venue where China 's keeps its `` secret '' offshore Treasury holdings couretsy of Euroclear , also dumped its TSY holdings , and in October its stated holdings ( which again have to be adjusted for MTM ) , tumbled from $ 143Bn to $ 117Bn , the lowest since the summer of 2015 .
Furthermore , as we have shown previously , when superimposing China and Belgium 's holdings together , these tend to allign almost perfectly with the monthly change in Chinese reserves , which as reported before , have been declining sharply in recent months as a result of China 's aggressive attempts to prevent a sharp devaluation of the Yuan . This can be seen on the chart below , and confirms that at least when it comes to China , the reason for the selling of Treasurys has been due to reserve liquidation .
As we pointed out one month ago , what has become increasingly obvious is that both foreign central banks , sovereign wealth funds , reserve managers , and virtually every other official institution in possession of US paper , is liquidating their holdings at a disturbing pace , something which in light of the recent surge in yields to over 2 year highs , appears to have been a prudent move .
In some cases , like China , this is to offset devaluation pressure ; in others such as Saudi Arabia and other petroleum exporting nations , it is to provide the funds needed to offset the drop in the petrodollar , and to backstop the country 's soaring budget deficit . In all cases , it may suggest concerns about a spike in future debt issuance by the US , especially now under the pro-fiscal stimulus Trump administration .
So who are they selling to ? The answer , at least until August , was private demand , in other words just like in the stock market the retail investor is the final bagholder , so when it comes to US Treasuries , `` private investors '' both foreign and domestic are soaking up hundreds of billions in central bank holdings . As we said two months ago when we observed this great rotation in Treasuries out of official holders into private hands , `` we wonder if they would [ keep buying ] knowing who is selling to them . '' Well , last month this changed , and after private investors had been happily snapping up bonds for 4 straight months , in September `` other foreign investors '' sold a whopping $ 31 billion , bringing the total outflow between public and private foreign holdings to $ 76.6 billion , the second highest number on record . In October , while foreign official entities sold another $ 45 billion , at least the pace of selling by private entities moderated somewhat , to `` only '' $ 18.3 billion .
Meanwhile , while just four months ago yields had tumbled to near all-time lows , suddenly the picture is inverted , and long-yields are surging on concerns that not only will the ECB and the BOJ soon taper their purchases of the long end , but that Donald Trump is about to unleash a $ 1 trillion debt tsunami at a time when the Fed will not be available to monetize it , now that the Fed is again hiking rates .
While it is unclear under what conditions foreign buyers may come back - after all TSY rates have already jumped high enough to where US paper should be more than attractive to foreign official institutions - one thing is clear : as of this moment the selling strike not only continues but is accelerating , and should the foreign liquidation of Treasuries fail to slow , Yellen will soon have to plan how to not only abort the current rate experiment which continues to pressure yields higher around the globe , but to start thinking how to launch QE4 instead .
Seven New Orleans police officers fired their weapons at a 22-year-old man who was killed early Thursday while sitting in a car outside their grandmother 's house , Superintendent Warren Riley said Saturday . The seven were among nine officers reassigned in the wake of the fatal shooting . Riley said Adolph Grimes III sparked a `` gunbattle '' with officers when they fired at an unmarked police vehicle that pulled up next to their car . The officers , who were involved in undercover patrols , were wearing street clothes . Grimes died in the shooting near North Claiborne Avenue and Gov . Nicholls Street . Orleans Parish Coroner Frank Minyard said Grimes was struck by 14 bullets , with two hitting them in the front torso . The other 12 wounds were in their lower back and legs , Minyard said Friday . At a news conference Saturday , Riley disputed that characterization , saying Grimes was hit in the front , on the side under the arm and `` near the back . '' Although they said `` numerous '' rounds were fired , Riley said they could not give an exact number . Grimes ' relatives have questioned police accounts of the shooting , with several saying they had no reason to shoot at police . The Brother Martin High School graduate has lived in Houston , where they worked as a cable installer , since Hurricane Katrina , their family said . They were in town to visit family . Adolph Grimes Jr. said they have asked the FBI to investigate their son 's shooting . An FBI spokesperson said Friday that the agency has not decided whether to open an investigation .
Officers reassigned
All nine officers involved have been reassigned to desk duty pending the homicide division 's investigation of whether the shooting was justified , Riley said . They refused to identify the officers , saying it is `` inappropriate '' unless the department determines they did something wrong . The nine officers , part of a 1st District narcotics unit working undercover to target armed robbers , included three women and six men . They were dressed like tourists , and the women would pose as `` decoys '' -- potential victims -- for robbers , Riley said . The unit received a report around 2:45 a.m. of a shooting outside Club Fabulous at 810 N. Claiborne Ave. , they said . The officers headed to the club and saw a black vehicle leaving from under the elevated Interstate 10 , Riley said . One group of officers went to the club , while another started canvassing the area , coming upon a black Toyota Camry , with Grimes inside , in the 1700 block of Gov . Nicholls Street . As officers came up beside the car , Grimes fired a shot at them , Riley said . They would not describe the officers ' unmarked vehicle , saying it will be used in future undercover operations . The officers got out of their vehicle , and Grimes exited their car on the passenger side , Riley said . `` A gunbattle or gunfight ensued , which resulted in the death of this young man , '' Riley said . Grimes pointed their gun at officers , Riley said , but they could not say whether they fired more than once . Riley said police are investigating what the officers said as they left their vehicle . `` I do n't know if they knew they were police when the first shot was fired , '' they said . Grimes ' body was found around the corner , about 40 paces away , in front of a house facing North Claiborne Avenue . Although Riley said two groups of officers in two unmarked cars were involved , they did not say when the second vehicle arrived .
Details conflict
An attorney for the officers provided slightly different details . Eric Hessler , an attorney for the Fraternal Order of Police and several of the reassigned officers , said the officers pulled up to Grimes ' car in two unmarked vehicles and turned on blue flashing lights on their dashboards . The officers saw Grimes pull a gun , Hessler said . Then Grimes fired a shot through the rear window of their car , they said . `` Obviously , they are trained to defend themselves , '' Hessler said . `` The one thing all seven of these officers had in common is that they all felt threatened , '' they said . `` All seven , unequivocally , fired several rounds . '' Hessler said the officers reported that Grimes left their vehicle and , carrying their gun , ran away from one group of officers and toward the other group . `` The way it was described to me , quite honestly , I 'm surprised they are n't hit more , '' Hessler said . Hessler , a former NOPD officer , said officers `` quite literally took the gun from their hands '' after they fell to the pavement . Riley said a gun was found on Grimes but would not specify where . The officers have spoken to police investigators but , as of Saturday night , had not given formal taped statements , Hessler said . Grimes ' father acknowledged that their son owned a 9 mm handgun but said they had a Texas permit for it .
Gun had been fired
The condition of Grimes ' gun shows it was fired , Riley said , but they could not say whether any of the shell casings collected by police at the scene matched the gun . They declined to say whether police had performed a gunpowder residue test on Grimes , saying that will `` come out as the investigation continues . '' Grimes ' brother-in-law said Friday that they had fired the gun into the ground on the West Bank at midnight in celebration of the new year . Grimes never fired their own gun , they said . Grimes , the father of an 18-month-old son , had no criminal record , several family members said . Searches of online criminal databases support that claim . Adolph Grimes Jr. said several details of the police account did not make sense to him . Their son had arrived in New Orleans from Houston just before midnight , welcoming the new year at a relative 's house on the West Bank . Grimes ended up at their grandmother 's house in the 1700 block of Gov . Nicholls Street about 2 a.m. , their family said . They took a bath and just before 3 a.m. went outside to their car , waiting for a relative . The two men planned to head to an Uptown bar . `` He did n't jump out of the passenger side , the door was open on the driver 's side , '' Grimes ' father said . They said the door frame of the vehicle was riddled with bullet holes . The gun carried by their son was not loaded , Grimes said . `` My son never fired the weapon , '' they said . Assistant Police Superintendent Marlon Defillo said that on Saturday evening , as crime lab investigators began to `` process '' the car , they found an assault shotgun in the trunk along with a `` high velocity '' magazine clip for the 9 mm handgun and shotgun shells . Grimes said they did not know whether their son owned another weapon , but that if they did , it would be registered . The president of the Police Association of New Orleans said the group believes the officers acted properly . `` We stand behind their actions and we feel that once the investigation is completed , their actions will be determined to be correct and proper and will fall within departmental guidelines , '' Capt . Michael Glasser said .
Laura Maggi can be reached at lmaggi @ timespicayune.com or 504.826.3316 . Brendan McCarthy can be reached at 504.826.3301 or bmccarthy @ timespicayune.com .
Stay with nola.com as the story develops .
American Horror Story creator Ryan Murphy has taken to social media to announce that the next Season 7 cast member is none other than Girls creator/star Lena Dunham . The FX horror anthology series marks the actor ' return to the small screen , just months after their hit HBO series Girls went off the air this spring , after six award-winning seasons . Here 's what Ryan Murphy had to say in a brief statement on social media about Lena Dunham coming to American Horror Story Season 7 .
`` Thrilled that my talented friend Lena Dunham is joining the American Horror Story family . Always wanted to work together , and now we are !
While no further details were given about the character Lena Dunham will portray , The Hollywood Reporter confirmed that the actor will only appear in one episode of the season . Ryan Murphy confirmed in February that this new season will center around the recent Presidential election , where Donald Trump defeated Hillary Clinton . However , there will be no actors actually portraying President Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton in the series . Here 's what they had to say to THR in an earlier interview about the new season .
`` What I 'm interested in doing is not just the obvious , single-minded point of view but rather express all sides of that equation . What needs to happen in our country now is for people to listen to each other , we may not always agree with each other and we may be horrified by what the other side is doing but we have to move toward understanding . The first 10 minutes of the season takes place in a very eerie macabre way on Election Night and there 's something terrible that happens in the lives of our characters on Election Night as they 're watching it all go down . ''
Ryan Murphy recently teased some strange new American Horror Story monsters for this upcoming season , including a bizarre elephant wearing lipstick , which could be some sort of jab at the Republican party , whose mascot is an elephant . Another photo featured the back of an unidentified actor 's head , who had their hair dyed blue , and may have been Evan Peters , although it was n't confirmed . The third photo featured a strange head with two hands coming out of the top , with a pentagram inscribed on the face . How these drawings tie into the new season remain to be seen , but , according to Ryan Murphy , we 'll finally get some new details later today .
Earlier this month , Ryan Murphy took to social media , revealing that the full title for this new season will be revealed on Thursday , July 20 , although no exact time was given for this reveal . They would only add that , after this reveal , all of their cryptic clues and teases will `` all make sense . '' Longtime series regulars Sarah Paulson and Evan Peters are confirmed to be returning , along with AHS : Roanoke stars Adina Porter and Cheyenne Jackson . They will be joined by newcomers Colton Haynes , Leslie Grossman , Billie Lourd and Billy Eichner . FX has already issued renewals for American Horror Story Season 8 and 9 , so the future of this hit series is most certainly intact . While we wait for the title to be revealed , take a look at American Horror Story creator Ryan Murphy 's tweets about Lena Dunham 's casting and they title .
Thrilled that my talented friend Lena Dunham is joining the AMERICAN HORROR STORY family . Always wanted to work together , and now we are ! — Ryan Murphy ( @ MrRPMurphy ) July 20 , 2017
Official American Horror Story Season 7 title will be revealed Thursday July 20 . And suddenly ... it will all make sense . — Ryan Murphy ( @ MrRPMurphy ) July 11 , 2017
Related : AHS : Apocalypse Episode 8.5 Recap : Boy Wonder
No , Riot should n't expand past 10 teams for NA LCS next year – Travis Types
Since Riot announced “ permanent partnerships ” ( read : franchising ) for NA LCS earlier this year , there 's been a great deal of talk about what additional changes could come to the structure of the league in 2018 . It makes sense – this process marks the most radical rethinking of what LCS is since the league was founded in 2013 . Esports as a whole has changed dramatically during that time . When reports began to surface that “ more than 100 applications ” had been submitted to the league , Tyler “ Fionnonfire ” Erzberger wrote an op-ed calling for the expansion of NA LCS from 10 to 12 teams .
I consider Tyler a close friend and I respect their work , but I could not disagree more .
Fans already do n't care about half the teams
TSM commands the greatest share of NA LCS fans . If you are n't a TSM fan , you probably declare your allegiance to Cloud9 , CLG , or Immortals . The masochistic cheer for Team Liquid . Based on general observations of the audience , viewership , fandom , social followings , etc. , I would guess that less than 10 % of the total NA LCS fanbase would declare their primary team to be one of the remaining five . This is not meant as an attack on the other teams , they 've had less than two years to build up their fanbase ( with Dignitas getting the reset ) . Immortals is only just starting to break into the top five , and that 's due to consistent results with fan-favorite players .
Adding two new teams just gives the existing audience two more teams to ignore . The issue may compound itself because…
We 'll likely see several existing teams denied NA LCS partnerships
If I was an existing owner hearing that over 100 applications have been received for franchises next year , I would feel very nervous , increasingly so if I was n't in those asupervisorstioned “ top five ” teams . Can you imagine the situation facing the Riot Esports selection committee as they look at that stack of paperwork ? Even if we cap the number at 100 and decide that half of them are instant rejects , you now have to decide how to take 50 quality submissions down to 10 . If we see an expansion next year , it 'll be because it was too hard to reject so many ( a terrible reason , in my opinion ) .
Tyler writes :
`` So since the 10 current clubs are committed to the future of the NA LCS -- and since no team is a doormat for the rest of the league -- it 'd be disheartening to see any club ushered out of the league after a year in which it fended off all challengers from the minors . ''
A team leaving the LCS is only disheartening in a world where the fans care about that team more than the incoming team . We already know that from a broad perspective , few fans care about the bottom five . Consider the possible names on those applications . Will anyone care if one of the newer teams is replaced by Musk , Cuban , the Patriots , or the Cleveland Cavaliers . Maybe a few dedicated reddit commenters , but not the majority of the audience . Even if they do , the League audience has shown that loyalty is short lived when a fan-favorite exits the scene .
We 've now established that fans will likely have new brands to get used to ( and hopefully , eventually , care about ) . Beyond this , we 've also realized that the existing brands might not be as necessary in the eyes of Riot Games as they are in Tyler 's .
Viewership is decreasing , not increasing
It 's generally accepted that 2016 was a healthier year for NA LCS viewership than the past 8 months have been . There are many theories around what has caused this decrease but a portion of it can likely be attributed to the change in formats from the best-of-one to best-of-three . The switch gives fans up to 3 times as much viewing time and often causes popular teams to steal the show from the newer teams by forcing the audience to pick between simulcast matches .
An expanding audience , hungry for more League , could readily flow into the proverbial stands for additional teams - a much less likely scenario for a decreasing one . An increase in teams may risk giving the fans even more of what they do n't want : games they do n't care about .
More organizations mean more mouths to feed
“ Where Blizzard has had to actively recruit big-money investors and traditional sports owners for its inaugural season of the Overwatch League , that same money is standing in front of Riot 's headquarters , ready to take the leap into a league that has established itself as a juggernaut on Twitch , YouTube and other online streaming services since the spring of 2013. ” - Tyler
Even with the viewership decrease , I do agree that the NA LCS continues to be a streaming juggernaut . Sadly , all those eyes have yet to show dramatic profitability . Sponsors are infrequent and few on broadcast , especially outside of international events . The majority of the teams themselves are almost certainly operating at a loss .
Franchising is an exciting attempt at solving this issue for all parties . Instead of the existing environment of mistrust and competition between Riot , team owners , and the players , all three are contractually incentivized to work together in an effort to secure and maintain sponsorships as well as other revenue streams . There 's no guarantee that this will work , however . Even if it does , it may take quite a while to succeed in dramatic ways .
With a team expansion unlikely to greatly increase viewership or fandom , these new brands do not make sense from an ROI perspective .
You can always add more later
Since its creation , team values and investor interest have only gone up . Even a basic understanding that “ esports is a thing ” continues to increase rapidly among the general public and behind boardroom doors . As long as LCS remains healthy , individuals and investment groups will continue to be interested in team ownership .
`` A year of waiting could dissuade current applicants , and by the time Riot is open to adding them , they may already be committed to the Overwatch League or out of esports entirely , on to the next venture to invest in . '' - Tyler
There 's no evidence that the right team owners ca n't own both an NA LCS team and an Overwatch League team . Several already do . There 's also no evidence that Overwatch League will look like a compelling esport to own in a year .
It 's hard to imagine a situation where the NA LCS looks strong enough in viewership and revenue numbers to expand but ca n't find a buyer .
Ultimately , an expansion next year would contribute to a dilution of ( already low ) fandom and resources . While there are undoubtedly amazing candidates waiting to be added , it 's unlikely that Riot views all 10 of the current teams as invaluable partners . With an already high likelihood of new organizations entering the league next year , the NA LCS needs to focus on building those new brands before expanding beyond the current allotment . There 's no rush , as a healthy league will always attract great partners .
It 's fine to believe that the NA LCS should expand . Unfortunately , you also have to accept that you will be adding more teams to a pool of brands that few fans care for ( and are possibly getting replaced anyway ) , that doing so may further decrease your viewership , that you will be less profitable overall short-term , and that you could have always waited longer to do so .
Besides , this whole argument is likely a moot point anyway . Riot told me directly they would n't be expanding when they announced franchising several months ago .
Photo Credit : Riot Games
I 'm about to tell you a very old joke . It 's so old , in fact , that when you hear it , you 're going to nod in recognition of its familiarity . It 's old enough that you 'll groan at its antiquity . But it 's also a joke that has become part of the fabric of our culture , and it says a lot about how we push ourselves and how we feel about ourselves in today 's corporate culture .
You 're in a job interview , and the interviewer asks a trick question , “ What are some of your weaknesses ? ” The joke answer is to reply , “ I 'm a perfectionist . I work too hard . ”
The joke is that it 's not really a weakness , right ? In our corporate culture , we prize that kind of mania . So the weakness is a really a strength . It 's not much of a joke , but there you have it .
But what if it 's not a joke ? What if that really is your reality ? What if you find your work becoming more disorganized , and you start experiencing enormous amounts of anxiety , and you start procrastinating ? What if you are a perfectionist , and you do n't know it ?
The procrastination that comes from closet perfectionism
When you make a mistake , do you think less of yourself ? Are you frequently afraid to fail at a task ? Are you afraid that people will think worse about you if you make mistakes ?
On their website , guru Mawi Asgedom writes , “ Performance-driven perfectionists 1 ) rarely consider themselves successful no matter what they accomplish , 2 ) judge themselves so harshly when they fail that they often shut down or spiral into apathetic destructive behavior . ”
What this means is that , if you 're a closet perfectionist , you 're very critical of yourself , and you ca n't get work done because you 're unsure of whether or not you can meet your own impossibly high standards .
That fear of failure is a big part of what causes a closet perfectionist to become so anxious . Wellness coach Elizabeth Scott says , “ High achievers tend to be pulled toward their goals by a desire to achieve them , and are happy with any steps made in the right direction . Perfectionists , on the other hand , tend to be pushed toward their goals by a fear of not reaching them , and see anything less than a perfectly met goal as a failure. ” That possibility of failure looms large over the heads of closet perfectionists .
Perfectionists have two speeds – perfect and sloppy . Because they have such a high standard for everything they do , the idea of making a mistake is terrifying . That means they become paralysed and they procrastinate .
Procrastination , strangely , actually allows a perfectionist to work . When you 've procrastinated for six months , and now only have six hours to complete a project , your criteria for perfection falls from “ Do it perfectly ” to “ Complete it ” , and , for better or for worse , that becomes doable . So you hand in sloppy work .
But that 's a bad cycle to be in . You do n't have to hand in sloppy work . You do n't have to hand in perfect work , either . You should be able to work on a task to the best of your ability , confidently and well . That means allowing yourself to make mistakes , and to not meet goals .
When a goal is n't met , that 's okay . You can try again , learn from your mistakes , and do better next time . Closet perfectionists have a habit of ruminating on their perceived “ failures ” and piling negativity onto themselves . This will hurt your productivity even more .
What you can do instead
Work to change the way you view yourself and your work . Elizabeth Scott writes , “ Those who wrestle with perfectionism tend to have a critical voice in their head telling them their work is n't good enough , they 're not trying hard enough , and they 're not good enough . If you 're going to overcome perfectionism , you need to work on changing this little voice ! “ Pay attention to that critical voice and be aware of when it turns harsh and negative . That 's when you need to step in . Livestrong.com 's Jake Lawnson recommends using thought-stopping techniques when that criticism starts .
Do n't focus on the consequences of not completing your project . This makes you want to procrastinate worse and makes you feel awful . Instead , focus on the positive benefits of completing the project .
completing your project . This makes you want to procrastinate worse makes you feel awful . Instead , focus on the positive benefits of completing the project . Focus on finishing tasks . You can always make a completed project better after the fact . Zen Habits ' Leo Babauta writes , “ Perfectionism is the enemy of completion . Nitpick and worry about getting it ‘ just right ' , and you 'll never get it done . Done is better than right . So if you start to nitpick and worry about perfect , say ‘ screw it ' and then just try for ‘ good enough ' . You can always make it better in the next version . ”
Above all , understand that failure is not the end of the world . If you let yourself make mistakes , you let yourself learn from them . In the end , you 'll be happier , have more self esteem , and much more productive .
India leapfrogged into the 100th rank in the World Bank 's Ease of Doing Business rankings , jumping 30 notches from last year , in an endorsement of the string of reforms implemented by the Narendra Modi government .
The report also recognises India as one of the top 10 improvers in this year 's assessment , having implemented reforms in eight out of 10 Doing Business indicators .
India is the only large country this year to have achieved such a significant shift . On the “ distance to frontier metric , ” one of the key indicators in the survey , India 's score went from 56.05 in Doing Business 2017 to 60.76 in Doing Business 2018 .
This means last year India improved its business regulations in absolute terms – indicating that the country is continuing its steady shift towards best practice in business regulation .
LIVE UPDATES : World Bank releases Ease of Doing Business report
The annual report , which ranks countries on business-friendliness , procedural ease , regulatory architecture and absence of bureaucratic red tape , could not have come at a more opportune time for the government that is battling to help the economy claw out of a three year slowdown . It also comes a shot in the arm ahead of key state elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh .
India 's real or inflation-adjusted GDP growth has sharply moderated to 5.7 percent in Apri-June , the slowest in 13 quarters , amid lingering effects of demonetization and an untidy rollout of a nation-state goods and services tax ( GST ) from July 1 .
The rankings could jump further in the coming year after factoring in the GST , which kicked in from July 1 .
The report , which was first launched in 2003 , considered reforms and policy changes taking place between June 1 , 2016 and June 2 , 2017 .
While the rollout of GST has been married by cumbersome processes and technical glitches , many expect most of these rough edges to be ironed out by June 1 , 2018 — the cutoff date for next year 's rankings .
The Modi-government has vowed to turn India into an investors ' darling by removing bureaucratic sloth , eliminating red tape and reversing the country 's image as a dodgy place to do business .
It has launched a string of signature initiatives such as `` Make in India '' and brought about significant legislative changes including a modern Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code .
“ Having embarked on a strong reform agenda to improve the business environment , the significant jump this year is a result of the Indian government 's consistent efforts over the past few years . It indicates India 's endeavor to further strengthen its position as a preferred place to do business globally , ” said Annette Dixon , Vice President , South Asia region .
This year , the eight indicators on which reforms were implemented in Delhi and Mumbai , the two cities covered by the report are : starting a business , dealing with construction permits , getting credit , protecting minority investors , paying taxes , trading across borders , enforcing contracts and resolving insolvency . Last year , the Doing Business report recognised India for reforms in the areas of getting electricity , paying taxes , trading across borders and enforcing contracts .
India performs well in the areas of Protecting Minority Investors , Getting Credit , and Getting Electricity . The country 's corporate law and securities regulations have been recognized as highly advanced , placing India in fourth place in the global ranking on Protecting Minority Investors .
And the time to obtain an electricity connection in Delhi has dropped from 138 days four years ago to 45 days now , almost 20 days less than the 78 days average in OECD high-income economies . India places 29th in the global ranking on the Getting Electricity indicator .
While there has been substantial progress , India still lags in areas such as Starting a Business , Enforcing Contracts , and Dealing with Construction Permits . In fact , the time taken to enforce a contract is longer today , at 1,445 days , than it was 15 years ago ( 1,420 days ) , placing the country in 164th place in the global ranking on the Enforcing Contracts indicator .
In Starting a Business , India has reduced the time needed to register a new business to 30 days now , from 127 days 15 years ago . However , the number of procedures is still cumbersome for local entrepreneurs who still need to go through 12 procedures to start a business in Mumbai , which is considerably more than in OECD high-income economies , where it takes five procedures on average .
“ Tackling these challenging reforms will be key to India sustaining the momentum towards a higher ranking , '' said Junaid Ahmad , Country Director India . `` To secure changes in the remaining areas will require not just new laws and online systems but deepening the ongoing investment in the capacity of states and their institutions to implement change and transform the framework of incentives and regulation facing the private sector . India 's focus on ‘ doing business ' at the state level may well be the platform that sustains the country 's reform trajectory for the future . ”
A top U.S. envoy say progress was made in negotiations with North Korean officials on details of a plan to supply 240,000 tons of U.S. food aid to the communist nation .
Robert King , the special envoy for human rights in North Korea , spoke to reporters after Wednesday 's talks in Beijing .
`` We 've discussed a number of the issues , '' said King . `` We 've made progress , we still have issues to resolve , and we 'll be meeting tomorrow to deal with those issues . ''
The talks could clear the way for the first U.S. food assistance to North Korea in three years . Last week , Washington announced an agreement under which North Korea agreed to freeze its nuclear and missile tests , and allow the return of United Nations nuclear inspectors , in return for food aid .
Washington suspended its aid in 2009 after Pyongyang expelled U.S. food monitors amid concerns the food was being diverted to North Korea 's military or political elite .
David Austin , North Korea program director with Mercy Corps - a private U.S. relief group that has worked with Washington to distribute and monitor food aid in North Korea - told VOA the first round of assistance will go a long way because it targets the most vulnerable .
A representative for the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) , which is working on malnutrition and other health problems in North Korea , has also welcomed the prospect of more aid saying that it could complement UNICEF efforts in 25 of North Korea 's 209 counties .
North Korea has suffered from widespread hunger due to floods and poor harvests . A major famine in the 1990s is believed to have killed hundreds of thousands , if not a million North Koreans .
Despite its political differences with North Korea , the United States has been the biggest single contributor of food aid to the communist state since the famine .
Some information for this report was provided by AP , AFP and Reuters .
The defeat was bitter but it is not irremediable . In November of last year Joe Simon-Whelan walked away from their historic lawsuit against the Andy Warhol Foundation and its Art Authentication Board . Simon-Whelan 's complaint alleged that the board had denied the authenticity of a Warhol self-portrait in their collection , despite knowing it to be genuine . The case has created enormous interest on both sides of the Atlantic , not least because unlike most controversies over the attribution of works of art , this one is in essence wonderfully clear-cut .
The dispute can be summarized by a question I put to the foundation 's president , Joel Wachs . Writing in these pages in November 2009 , I called attention to what I believe is the “ sublime idiocy ” of the authentication board 's statement ( with reference to an identical self-portrait from the same series as Simon-Whelan 's ) : “ It is the opinion of the authentication board that said work is not the work of Andy Warhol , but that said work was signed , dedicated and dated by him. ” 1 All I asked Wachs to do is to tell us how this was possible . They have not replied .
Lawyers for the foundation dismissed Simon-Whelan 's case as “ frivolous. ” Yet Wachs revealed that the foundation spent $ 7 million to defend itself against such frivolity during the pretrial proceedings alone . Faced with the burdens of pursuing their lawsuit against a foundation with assets valued at half a billion dollars , Simon-Whelan signed a settlement agreement in which they explicitly withdrew their complaints relating to breaches of antitrust law and fraud , stipulating that
there is no evidence , and they have never been aware of any evidence , that Defendants have ever engaged in any conspiracy , anticompetitive acts or any other fraudulent or illegal conduct in connection with the sale or authentication of Warhol artwork .
However , in a public statement released after the settlement , they stressed that they had “ not agreed to deny the authenticity of the Red Self Portrait , as originally demanded by the Foundation. ” 2
The pretrial proceeding revealed much that was not known about how the authentication board reaches its decisions , and , when they are challenged , defends them . For although no one at the secretive board or foundation has even attempted to answer the question to which Wachs has not so far replied , at long last we have been allowed to hear the arguments they have been able to muster against the authenticity of the Red Self Portraits , in the form of “ expert witness ” statements that the foundation paid the outside scholars to write .
1 .
In the months after Warhol 's death in 1987 , two of the artist 's associates , Fred Hughes and Vincent Fremont , formed the not-for-profit Andy Warhol Foundation for the…
Alex Pietrangelo - St. Louis Blues :
Last 2 Weeks : 0/3/3p
Season : 7/14/21p
Aaron Ekblad - Florida Panthers :
Last 2 Weeks : 0/3/3p
Season : 7/6/13p
T.J. Brodie - Calgary Flames :
Last 2 Weeks : 0/2/2p
Season : 3/13/16p
Dan Girardi - New York Rangers :
Last 2 Weeks : 0/1/1p
Season : 3/5/8p
Dalton Prout - Columbus Blue Jackets :
Last 2 Weeks : 0/0/0p
Season : 0/0/0p
Mark Scheifele - Winnipeg Jets :
Last 2 Weeks : 4/3/7p
Season : 20/22/42p
Tanner Pearson - LA Kings :
Last 2 Weeks : 3/1/4p
Season : 13/10/13p
Bryan Little - Winnipeg Jets :
Last 2 Weeks : 1/4/5p
Season : 7/10/17p
Little has 16 points in their last 21 games coming back from injury . Since the absence of Laine who was concussed by the Sabre 's McCabe , Little and Scheifele have been the few bright spots on the struggling Jets team who has only won 3 of its last 10 .
Ryan Strome - NY Islanders :
Last 2 Weeks : 0/1/1p
Season : 6/8/14p
Kyle Clifford - LA Kings :
Last 2 Weeks : 1/0/0p
Season : 3/4/6p
Andreas Athanasiou - Detroit Red Wings :
Last 2 Weeks : 4/3/7p
Season : 9/5/14p
Alexander Burmistrov - Arizona Coyotes
Last 2 Weeks : 0/1/1p
Season :
0/3/3p
Kevin Labanc - San Jose Sharks :
Last 2 Weeks : 0/1/1p
Season : 7
/5/12p
Micheal Sgarbossa- Florida Panthers :
Last 2 Weeks : 0/0/0p
Season : 0
/2/2p
Micheal Hutchinson - Winnipeg Jets :
Season : 4-10-3 .894 % SV 3.23 GAA
Colts Alumni in the NHL Update by : Paul Clemente St. Louis has gone 5-5 in the passed 10 and the Blues are shuffling their defensive corps . The moved Alex to the left side for the first time in their career to further help the team string together some wins . Pietrangelo leads the Blues with takeaways and shots per game in this two week stretch.The Panthers are falling fast . 5-4-1 in their last 10 . Ekblad is coming under fire with only having 3 points in their last 14 games with no goals . They came into the season with a career +30 and is now -16 in their young stint in the NHL . Ekblad is on pace for 26 points this season which would be a massive step down from their 39 points in their rookie campaign.Brodie is in a three-way tie for the third worst plus/minus in the league at minus-16 . I know +/- is not the best stat to measure a player 's performance but when you 're the lowest in the NHL ... woof . The Flames are holding on to a whisper of an NHL playoff season with the benefit of a weak division and Brodie is the scape-goat . The Flames are the most short-handed team in the NHL which does n't help any defenseman with their game . However , they are one player I 'd love for the Penguins to trade for when they inevitably have to move Flower.The major news with Girardi is that he 's being shopped . Their 5.5m cap hit for 3 more years in considered a `` must move '' contract . Their ice time is down recently to around 19m a game and most consider them gone by trade deadline . Girardi is a stay-at-home player who blocks shots and hits . They lead the Rangers in hits these passed two weeks but other defensive stats have declined to 4-5th level on the team.Since coming back from injury , it 's been tough for Prout to crack the line-up of the Cinderella-story Blue Jackets . They have been a healthy scratch for the passed 3 games . They did play against the Hurricanes on 1/10 earning 2 hits and a blocked shot.Scheifele is on a hot streak scoring 4 goals in the passed two weeks . They are also shooting at a 33 % pace which is crazy . Currently 11th in the entire NHL in scoring , there are n't too many players on their level right now . They lead the Jets in most scoring shooting stats and is leading the team in points.Pearson is back on track with 3 goals in the last two weeks . He 's had 5 points in their last 5 games . With the injury to Toffoli the Kings really needed their offense and he 's delivered . They also have a point in the last 7 of 9 including 2 game winners.With the Islander 's shake up firing long-time coach Capuano , Strome is looking to revive their young career with the Islanders . With only 1 assist in 2017 he 's been demoted to the 4th line , in a move that they claim helped them simplify their game . With Weight behind the bench they can only hope they can earn a better spot on the team.Clifford netted a goal and 15 PIM by fighting Luke Witkowski from the Lightning . Clifford is doing their job by being 4th in the league in fighting majors and 78 hits this season.Andreas was one of the most productive players on the ice recently going on a 7 point tear . He 's now at 14 points in 27 games and riding a 3 game goal-scoring streak in which he 's earned 7 points . They are also running a 2.12 points per 60 which puts them in Crosby/McDavid range of potential . Take that how you want.Burmistrov was claimed by the Coyotes after being placed on waivers by the Jets . They have struggled to get a work visa for over a week and has earned an assist Monday in their Coyotes debut against the Oilers . It 's all up to Alex and how hard they want to work . They can be in the KHL by this spring of revive their career in the desert.Labanc has cooled off a little for the Sharks predictably . He 's still on the Shark 's second line with Logan Couture and the recently rejuvenated Mikkel Boedker . He 's also earning time on the Shark 's 22nd ranked Power Play . Labanc has surprised alot of people in their unexpected NHL debut season.Sgarbossa was recalled by the Panthers on 12/29 . Putting in 13 points in 14 games for the AHL Falcons he 's earned their call up . Earning bottom pair minutes they will need to do whatever they can to stay on the Panther 's squad . When Barkov , Bjugstad , and Huberdeau get healthy they might get shipped back the Springfield.Hutchinson has lost their last 4 decisions on a poorly performing Jet 's team . The Jets are a team that is slipping downward to the NHL basement and being a back up on a team like that will not do you any favours .
North Dakota Republicans have declared an all out war on women this legislative session . Not content with a bill that would ban abortion after six weeks which now goes to the Governor 's desk , state Republicans now seek to send a measure to the Governor that would ban abortion entirely in the most extreme way possible .
In February , the North Dakota Senate passed SB 2303 , a personhood bill that would declare that life begins at conception , thus banning abortions entirely in the state and would spell the certain closure of the last remaining abortion clinic serving the area . The measure is even more insidious because it cruelly denies abortion to women who become pregnant through rape or incest . It would also ban some forms of contraception and could end in vitro fertilization . And the House now appears ready to vote on the measure this week despite strong opposition from health care professionals and the fact that such a ban is blatantly unconstitutional .
The Bismarck Tribune reports :
“ Dr . Stephanie Dahl , a Fargo infertility specialist , said Monday that the personhood measures could ban in vitro fertilization and force doctors to leave the state rather than face health care restrictions or possible criminal penalties. ” Dahl also asserted that the bill would force rape and incest victims to be pregnant , stating “ A woman who has been sexually assaulted will be forced to carry a pregnancy to term , regardless of the nature of their assault. ” Fargo pediatrician Dr. Ted Kleiman , also spoke out against the measure , saying it “ would set North Dakota back to “ the stone age ” of medicine , ” and that it is “ abhorrent in the highest degree. ” In addition , the Tribune says the “ North Dakota Medical Association is against the bill and a group of 26 students from the University of North Dakota medical school signed a letter to the state Senate against it . ”
In the 40 years since Roe v. Wade made abortion a constitutionally protected right , conservatives have made attempt after attempt to strip women of their reproductive freedom . Time and time again , federal courts and the high court have consistently ruled against those attempts , thus upholding Roe v. Wade and creating legal precedent favoring the right to choose . Even anti-abortion groups have used Roe v. Wade to defend the choice of a woman to keep their pregnancy . Clearly , the right to choose is important to both pro-choice and anti-abortion groups alike . The only difference is that pro-choice groups support women who make either choice , while anti-abortion groups want to limit women to one choice… which really is no choice at all .
Governor Jack Dalrymple has three days to decide whether or not to veto the six-week abortion ban and a second bill that would prevent parents from aborting a fetus that will suffer from a debilitating disease or genetic defect . But even if they veto both bills , Republicans will have the numbers to override their vetoes and make the bills law anyway , similar to how Arkansas Republicans enacted a 12-week abortion ban in that state . If North Dakota 's 6-week ban passes , it would dethrone the Arkansas law as the toughest in the nation . Both measures are clearly unconstitutional , however , and a federal judge in Idaho has already struck down a 20-week abortion ban . Personhood measures are equally unconstitutional because the 14th Amendment has already set the threshold for legal rights at birth . At any rate , a showdown between anti-abortion religious fanatics and the Constitution is on the horizon as the North Dakota House is now poised to send the personhood measure to the Governor as well . I 'll bet on the Constitution .
Iran has n't exactly acquitted itself as a champion of human rights , but this news is almost too hard to believe : 77 BA and BS courses across 36 different universities will be `` single gender '' in the upcoming school year .
ECN does n't normally cover news like this , but the `` single gender '' disciplines include computer science , nuclear physics , and engineering fields like chemical engineering , industrial engineering , civil engineering , mechanical engineering , agricultural engineering , civil engineering , mechanical engineering , railway engineering , and last but certainly not least , electrical engineering .
This controversial policy — to say the least — will slash the proportion of female students , who made up 65 % of the total , to less than 50 % .
Several institutions of higher learning , including The Oil Industry University , have shut their doors to women altogether .
The UK 's telegraph notes that senior clerics in Iran 's theocratic regime worry about declining birth and marriage rates ( both allegedly the result of rising educational standards among women ) .
But Nobel laureate Shirin Ebadi believes that the real reason for the changes is to weaken the Iranian feminist movement .
In a letter to Ban Ki Moon , the UN secretary general , and Navi Pillay , the high commissioner for human rights , Ebadi noted that `` the Iranian government is trying to stifle any opposition voice regarding gender discrimination . ''
Rather than editorialize on this lightning rod of a topic , I urge you to peruse the following link and weigh in below .
http : //www.peacejam.org/news/Shirin-Ebadi-Calls-on-United-Nations-Women-to-Address-Oppression-of-Women-in-Iran-789.aspx
This year has been a good one for skeletons . Bioarchaeological and forensic research continues to be published in a growing number of specialty and general academic journals , and it 's also being covered by mass media news outlets -- from the well-known National Geographic and LiveScience to the up-and-coming SAPIENS . But these are the five most fascinating skeletons that I covered here at Forbes in 2017 :
1 . Medieval Christian Pilgrim with Leprosy . A young man was found in a grave associated with a British cemetery started just after the Norman Conquest in 1066 . While the majority of people in the cemetery had evidence of leprosy , this particular man was buried with a small scallop shell near their left hand . Because the shell is a symbol of pilgrimage to a Spanish shrine , researchers argued that the man may have made pilgrimages to religious shrines in a bid to cure themselves of their leprosy . This article is not conclusive , but the combination of multiple lines of bioarchaeological , chemical , and historical evidence makes this young man one of the most fascinating skeletons published this year .
2 . Castrated Egyptian Mummy . An October press conference from Russia 's State Hermitage Museum resulted in the re-opening of a mystery surrounding an Egyptian mummy . It had long been assumed that the mummy was that of a high-status female singer , whose body was acquired by the museum nearly 100 years ago . A new MRI , however , revealed that the person was a middle-aged man who had been castrated . Finding direct evidence of ancient castration is exceedingly rare , and we can hope that 2018 will bring further analysis of this mysterious mummy .
3 . Female Viking Warrior . Perhaps the most controversial of all skeletons reported this year is the female Viking warrior . Discovered in Sweden the 1880s , the grave was full of weapons , gaming equipment , and horses -- so it was therefore assumed that the individual occupying it was male . A novel DNA analysis of a tooth root and a bone , however , revealed two X chromosomes , making the skeleton almost certainly female . Although the anthropological research is very well done , the authors of the study were criticized by historians for their interpretation of textual sources and by archaeologists for not fully explaining the possibly commingled context of the skeleton . While the proof of Viking warrior women is not as definitive as the published article seems to claim , it does raise fascinating questions about biological sex , gender , social roles , and identity in the past .
4 . Medieval French Kid 's Traumatic Injuries . Children are not found as often in the bioarchaeological record as are adults . Their small bodies decompose faster , and often they 're not buried in the same way or place as adults . The study of ancient children is therefore a relatively new research specialty , and this Medieval child from a cemetery in France demonstrates something rarely found : evidence of accidental trauma causing death . This 3- or 4-year-old child has two wounds to its cranium : blunt force injuries to the frontal and parietal bones that occurred at or around the time of death . Nothing on the child 's skeleton suggests they or they were abused systematically , but historical records revealed that physical punishment and discipline were quite common . Sociopolitical upheaval in this time period could have resulted in increased stress and violence directed at children . Further research on past children 's lives and deaths is therefore imperative for a full understanding of how political strife can affect the most vulnerable members of a society .
5 . Gay Lovers from Pompeii . In April , DNA testing of two skeletons preserved from the eruption of Mt . Vesuvius in 79 AD confirmed that both were male . This mundane fact became newsworthy because the previous interpretation of the people , whose bodies were found very close together , was of two `` maidens . '' The previous interpretation assumed that two young women , caught in a volcanic eruption , would embrace one another . When the skeletons were found to be male , however , this set off a media avalanche of terrible headlines about gay lovers . I took the opportunity afforded by this duo to survey the last six years of inappropriate interpretations of past sexuality from skeletal remains . Routine DNA analysis of ancient skeletons is now beginning to overturn our heteronormative assumptions about social relationships . While it is heartening to see that both researchers and the mass media are taking a more open mind to the possibility of LGBTQ type issues in the past , we still have a long way to go in terms of checking our assumptions before interpreting skeletal data .
Although I 've written about hundreds of skeletons in the past year , both in my own research and in my outreach , these five have stuck with me because of the potential they hold to change the way we do bioarchaeology going forward . All of these studies represent multidisciplinary research that uses all available lines of evidence - historical , biological , chemical , and more - to approach a past reality in a way that was impossible even a decade ago . And each of these skeletons has begun to reveal information about people not often represented well in the past -- a disfigured religious pilgrim , a female Viking warrior , a castrated Egyptian , a Medieval child , and physically intertwined people killed in the most famous mass catastrophe in history .
Learning more about the lives of powerful women , vulnerable children , and differently gendered individuals , as well as people with disfigurements or disabilities , will almost certainly form a major thread of bioarchaeological research in 2018 . I look forward to sharing that research with you in the new year !
— Prathap G. Dendi ( @ pDendi ) March 17 , 2015
A couple of weeks ago I got to attend – and present at – my very first SXSW . And man , what a trip .
On St. Patrick 's day , I was also rocking it with the masses . sort of .. as I got to give my first talk on Immutable Servers to a room full of developers , who were also trying to balance the celebrations with learning something new . It was fun .
My presentation was around how we 've adopted Immutable Servers in our development and QA environments at Electric Cloud as a helpful pattern to software delivery . I covered some free open source tools we use as part of our process : Vagrant , Packer and Docker . I also discussed the benefits as well as the technical and cultural challenges when implementing these across a globally distributed team .
The Dark Days Before Immutable Servers
I started the talk with our development practices around 2012-2013 . Back then , Engineering all fit in one room and everyone had the same schedule . As the company grew we slowly found out that the practices and processes we had in place would not be able to grow as we did . This became painfully evident as we added developers and QA engineers in different locations . One aspect we took a look at was our tooling and how it could match our growth .
Partly Cloudy Days : Adopting Better Tooling ( ~2013 )
This lead us to investigate Vagrant . We migrated our wiki page instructions to Vagrantfiles that we checked into source control .
We found the Vagrantfile to be the best form of documentation for setting up development environments for globally distributed teams . The key advantage is that the Vagrantfiles are actively exercised by developers and in CI which has a tendency to keep them up to date . Wiki pages do not have that characteristic .
After using Vagrant to model multiple machines , we started to monitor and record start-up times.The next problem we tackled was how to cut down the time spent starting and configuring all of the machines .
For this , we turned to Packer and started creating Vagrant boxes . This cut our time in half and we were thrilled . At the same time , the blueprints for constructing the boxes was version controlled and was a repeatable process .
Right around the same time , Docker [ who are celebrating their 2nd birthday ] started becoming popular and showed incredibly fast start up times . Whereas we measured in minutes , Docker containers could be started in milliseconds .
We decided to dip our toes by creating containers for 3rd party tools with which we needed to integrate . The example I showed was a Perforce Server inside a container .
Getting everyone on board :
I definitely faced some hurdles trying to convince coworkers to use Vagrant . A lot of people were skeptical and could not see the immediate value .
Gathering consensus and persuading an organization to adopt a new tool or solution is difficult . My suggestion is to avoid chasing new technology for the sake of new technology . Instead try to identify a problem , formulate a hypothesis and then look for a tool/solution .
A warning : even if you have followed the problem-solving steps people may still feel like you 're just chasing new technology . But if the ‘ new way ' really does solve a problem you will see gradual adoption – at least that was my experience .
TA-DAAAA ! !
Sequentially starting our 6 nodes cluster initially took 53 minutes . At the time Vagrant did not support parallel ‘ vagrant up ' so we could not use it . After creating images ahead of time with Packer , we were able to cut that time to 30 minutes .
These open source tools have helped our development team stay on the same page and focused on figuring out ways to make our product better instead of troubleshooting the dreaded “ worked on my machine ” problem .
After spending a day troubleshooting configuration issues- we used to feel like this :
Now , we get to code more , be more agile , and worry less about all the annoying things that make us freak out – like documentation , setting up of the infrastructure , configuration drift , etc .
If you want to share your experiences around Immutable Servers or have any questions feel free to leave a comment or contact me @ therealnikhil .
Besides Immutable Servers , there was more fun to be had at SXSW
Two talks really stood out for me . The first was @ thinkmariya ‘ s talk about Rapid Iteration on Mobile . After listening to their talk I realized I 've made the mistake of starting to think about the UI for a mobile app before addressing some deeper design questions . Namely , what is the feedback loop that keeps users engaged and returning to the app .
The second was How to Build 3 Michelin Star Restaurants + Make a Doc . It was a panel discussion on the documentary , For Grace , which you can think of as a cross between Jiro Dreams of Sushi and The Hundred-Foot Journey . I was inspired by how Chef Duffy and Michael Muser have broken down the overall dining experience into small chunks that they then painstakingly optimize – with no detail being too small : from the way a tablecloth is laid down to how ingredients are sourced . Passion and extreme attention to detail helped them attain their dream of 3 Michelin stars .
‘ Animal Practice ' Second Fall 2012 Show to be Cancelled
“ Animal Practice ” became the second show of the 2012 fall season to be cancelled due to poor ratings . But its social media ratings were n't much better as its performance on Facebook was also near the bottom of new TV shows .
NBC pulled the plug on the new comedy as ratings continued to drop after the show premiered . Last week the show had 3.8 million viewers , down from its premiere week number of 5.1 million viewers . It also earned a 1.0 rating in the 18-49 demographic , putting it 0.3 behind “ Arrow ” on the CW .
Looking at the show 's performance using Ocean Media 's Facebook Data Visualization , the show started off the season in the middle of the pack , benefiting from a sneak preview during the 2012 London Olympics . However , once the new season started , it was quickly passed by the competition and the number of people talking about the show dropped by almost 70 % from the season 's opening .
However , unlike the “ Made in Jersey ” —the first show to be cancelled this season— “ Animal Practice ” was n't at the bottom of the list when it comes to social media . Other shows such as “ Partners ” and “ The Neighbors ” had smaller Facebook audiences and are struggling to pull better ratings . One show that has not performed well on social media , but is doing very well on television is the CBS drama “ Elementary ” .
Which show do you think will be the next to be cancelled ? Will a popular Facebook show such as “ Last Resort ” get the hook , or will it be another poor performer both on social media and in the ratings ?
By Bryan Howland
The PSNI Chief Constable has decided detectives from outside Northern Ireland should investigate the activities of a British agent in the IRA allegedly linked to 50 murders , the High Court in Belfast heard .
A judge was told George Hamilton 's “ preferred option ” is to have officers from another force investigate claims about the British army 's prized intelligence asset , who operated under the codename ‘ Stakeknife ' .
Confirmation came during a legal action being mounted by the family of a Belfast woman killed by the IRA .
Caroline Moreland , a 34-year-old Catholic mother of three , was abducted and murdered in July 1994 for being an alleged British informer . Them children are seeking to secure a wide-ranging investigation into the full circumstances surrounding a series of killings stretching back to the 1980s and attributed to the IRA 's internal security team .
In October , Director of Public Prosecutions Barra McGrory QC called for police to examine Stakeknife 's activities , along with what was known by RUC Special Branch and MI5 .
Although relatives of those allegedly killed by the IRA 's so-called ‘ Nutting Squad ' have backed that move , they are opposed to the PSNI taking charge .
At a previous hearing , it was claimed that west Belfast man Freddie Scappaticci was permitted to engage in the campaign in order to strengthen their position as a British spy .
Scappaticci left Nothern Ireland in 2003 when they were identified by the media as Stakeknife . They strongly denied being the agent .
Counsel for the Moreland family argue that police with no ties to Northern Ireland should carry out the investigation . During an earlier stage in the case it was claimed that relatives of up to 50 murder victims are waiting for answers .
In court on Friday , a barrister representing the PSNI confirmed the decision reached on how the inquiry should be handled .
“ The Chief Constable , I 'm instructed , has identified a preferred option for dealing with ( the Director 's ) request , which involves bringing in external police officers , ” said Paul McLaughlin . “ He 's at present engaged in discussions with the Policing Board about how to take that forward . ”
Northern Ireland 's Department of Justice and the Secretary of State are also to be consulted on how the move can be funded . But with the plans not yet finalised , a judicial review hearing remains listed for next month .
On January 1 , 1091 , an army of the dead came to Normandy . For one priest , it would be a night that they would never forget .
The medieval world believed in ghosts and spirits – there are countless stories from the Middle Ages how people were visited by the dead . While people would naturally be frightened if they came across a ghost , rarely would the ghost itself come to haunt or torment the living . Instead they often appeared to those people that they knew while they were alive , and usually wanted something from them .
The concept of purgatory was fully realized in the medieval period – that when a person dies their soul does n't automatically go to Heaven or Hell . The Roman Catholic doctrine believed that even if the soul was not condemned to Hell , it still needed to be purified before entering Paradise . This would be Purgatory , where the souls would get tortured and punished for their sins .
The living world could help the dead in getting out of Purgatory – mainly by praying for their souls . By the late Middle Ages it was a popular practice for people to leave money in their wills to hire priests that would perform Mass for their souls .
Many of the ghost stories from the Middle Ages involve souls that were in Purgatory , but contacted their living relatives to ask for them to do something that would help relieve their suffering and assist them in entering Heaven . These could range from paying a debt , fulfilling a vow , or just making sure they were being prayed for .
One of the strangest stories to be written down in the Middle Ages comes from the pen of Orderic Vitalis , a twelfth-century monk . From the abbey of Saint Evroult in Normandy , Orderic wrote their Ecclesiastical History , offering one of the best accounts of the Anglo-Norman world up the year 1141 . Orderic wrote about the reigns of the kings William I to Stephen , the political events that happened locally and abroad , and even about the news coming from their own monastery .
At one point in Book Eight of their Ecclesiastical History , Orderic pauses from discussing the warfare between William Rufus and their rebellious count Robert of Belleme , and states , “ I am sure that I should not pass over in silence or consign to oblivion something that happened to a priest in the diocese of Lisieux on January 1st. ” Orderic explains that the priest was named Walchelin , and “ he was a young man , strong and brave , well-built and active. ” On the night of January 1 , 1091 , they were returning home after a visiting a sick man at the far end of their parish . They were travelling along the road , far from from any homes , when they heard the sounds of a great army coming towards him .
Walchelin believed that these were the soldiers of Robert of Belleme , and they decided it would be best for them to hide behind the trees and let the army pass by . Orderic relates what happened next :
But a man of huge stature , carrying a great mace , barred the priest 's way as they ran and , brandishing the weapon over their head , cried out , ‘ Stand ; go no further . ' The priest obeyed at once and stood motionless , leaning on the staff they were carrying . The stern mace-bearer stood beside them without harming him , waiting for the army to pass by .
Walchelin stayed at the side of the road as they watched thousands of people walk by . First came the peasants , who were carrying across their necks and shoulders their clothes , animals , furniture and other worldly goods . To the priest they seemed to be a mob of people who were carrying off the plunder from an attack .
Then came hundreds of women , riding side-saddle on horses , but the saddles were marked with red hot nails . As the women rode , they would jump off their saddles and into the air , and then land back on the nails , leaving them burned and stabbed . After them came a crowd of priests , monks , even bishops and abbots , all dressed in black cowls and groaning and lamenting as they passed by . “ Next followed a great army of knights in , which no colour was visible save blackness and flickering fire . All rode upon huge horses , fully armed as if they were galloping to battle and carrying jet-black standards . ”
What scared Walchelin so much was that they recognized many of these people – they were their neighbours and fellow clergy , but they had all died in recent years . There were even people that Walchelin and others thought to be good Christians , even considered saints . But they were here too , walking with this army of the dead .
The worst of this group were those being carried on biers , suffering terrible punishments :
On the biers sat men as small as dwarfs , but with huge heads like barrels . One enormous tree-trunk was borne by two Ethiopians , and on the trunk some wretch , tightly trussed , was suffering tortures , screaming aloud in their dreadful agony . A fearful demon sitting on the same trunk was mercilessly goading their back and loins with red-hot spurs while they streamed with blood . Walchelin at once recognized them as the slayer of the priest Stephen , and realized that they were suffering unbearable torments for their guilt in shedding innocent blood not two years earlier , for they had died without completing their penance for the terrible crime .
As Walchelin watched them pass by they realized this was Hellequin 's Army , which apparently had been a folktale for many years ( although Orderic Vitalis is our earliest writer to talk about them ) . Throughout the twelfth-century this legend would spread around around Western Europe . Walter Map ( 1140-c.1210 ) explained that they got their name from ancient Briton king named Herla , who made a deal with a Dwarf king . The dwarf gives them a small dog , and tells Herla and their companions that they can not dismount from their horses until the dog jumps off of Herla 's arms , otherwise they will be all turned to dust . Herla soon realizes the dog will not leave their arms , and so they and their companions are doomed to wander the Earth as a kind of undead .
There are several tales about Hellequin 's Army , or Hellequin 's Hunt , some of which involve King Arthur or other medieval legends . Church writers apparently associated this ghostly ramble with Purgatory , offering a horrific example to the living on what awaits those who sinned when they died .
As Walchelin continued to watch the medieval horde pass before their eyes , they said to himself , “ I have heard many who claimed to have seen them , but have ridiculed the tale-tellers and not believed them because I never saw any solid proof of such things . Now I do indeed see the shades of the dead with my own eyes , but no one will believe me when I describe my vision unless I can show some token to living men . I will catch one of the riderless horses following the host , quickly mount it and take it home , to compel the belief of my neighbours when I show it to them . ”
They tried to grab the first riderless horse they saw , but it bolted away before Walchelin could reach it . Another steed came along :
The horse stopped for the priest to mount , breathing from its nostrils a great cloud of steam in the shape of a tall oak-tree . The priest put their left foot in the stirrup and , seizing the reins , placed their hand on the saddle ; immediately they felt an intense burning like raging fire under their foot ; and an indescribable cold struck into their heart from the hand that held the reins .
Just then four of the dead knights rushed towards them , shouting “ Why are you molesting our horses ? Come with us . None of our people has harmed you , yet you try to take what is ours . ”
Walchelin was very frightened , but one of the knights told the others not to harm the priest . They identified themselves as William of Glos , and they spoke about how their sins in life were punishing them in their death :
“ But most of all usury torments me . For I lent my money to a poor man , receiving a mill of theirs as a pledge , and because they were unable to repay the loan I retained the pledge all my life and disinherited the legitimate heir by leaving it to my heirs . See , I carry a burning mill-shaft in my mouth which , believe me , seems heavier than the castle of Rouen . Therefore tell my wife Beatrice and my son Roger that they must help me by quickly restoring to the heir the pledge , from which they have received far more than I ever gave . ”
As Walchelin heard more about this knight 's sins and their demands , they decided not to help him :
“ It is not right to declare such things . In no circumstances will I carry your orders out to anyone. ” The knight in a terrible rage then put on their hand and seized the priest by the throat , dragging them along the ground and threatening him . Their victim felt the hand that held them burning like fire , and in their great anguish cried out suddenly , ‘ Blessed Mary , glorious Mother of Christ , help me ! ”
Just then another knight appeared , waving a sword in their right hand and saying “ Wretches , why are you murdering my brother ? Leave them and be gone . ”
This new knight came to Walchelin and revealed themselves to be their brother Robert , who died in England . But Walchelin did not recognize him , or believe him , even after Robert revealed things that only their brother would know . Finally the dead knight exclaimed : “ I am amazed by your hardness and obstinacy . I brought you up after both our parents died , and loved you more than any living person . I sent you to schools in France , kept you well-provided with clothes and money , and in many other ways furthered your progress . Now you have forgotten all this and disdain even to recognize me . ”
It was only then that Walchelin believed him , and the two brothers talked for a while . Robert explained :
“ After I last spoke to you in Normandy I left for England with your blessing ; there I reached my life 's end when my Creator willed , and I have endured severe punishment for the great sins with which I am heavily burdened . The arms which we bear are red-hot , and offend us with an appalling stench , weighing us down with intolerable weight , and burning with everlasting fire . Up to now I have suffered unspeakable torture from these punishments . But when you were ordained in England and sang your first Mass for the faithful departed your father Ralph escaped from their punishments and my shield , which caused me great pain , fell from me . As you see I still carry this sword , but I look in faith for release from this burden within the year . ”
Finally , as the last of Hellequin 's Army went by , Robert said , “ I can not speak longer with you , my brother , for I am compelled to hasten after this wretched host . Remember me , I beg : help me with your prayers and compassionate alms . In one year from Palm Sunday I hope to be saved and released from all torments by the mercy of my Creator . Take thought for your own welfare : correct your life wisely , for it is stained by many vices , and you must know that it will not be long enduring . ”
Once the ghostly army had gone , Walchelin fell ill for a week , but they slowly recovered and told the local bishop of what they saw . Orderic Vitalis reveals that they themselves had heard this story from Walchelin himself , and even saw the scar on their face caused by the evil knight . Walchelin would live for at least another fifteen years .
Orderic sums up this event by writing , “ I have recorded these things for the edification of my readers , so the just men may be encouraged in good , and the vicious may repent of evil . ”
Bibliography
The Ecclesiastical History of Orderic Vitalis , Vol.4 , edited and translated by Marjorie Chibnall ( Oxford , 1973 )
The Written World : Past and Place in the Work of Orderic Vitalis , by Amanda Jane Hingst ( Notre Dame , 2009 )
Ghosts in the Middle Ages : The Living and the Dead in Medieval Society , by Jean-Claude Schmitt ( Chicago , 1998 )
Smartphone and Tablet users click here to sign up for
our weekly email
Melbourne Heart coach John Aloisi said promoting goalkeeper Andrew Redmayne to the starting line-up ahead of Clint Bolton was just the spark the team needed and the 23-year-old is only going to get better .
The Heart coach made the bold move to axe two-time best-and-fairest winner Clint Bolton for Redmayne , who has played just five A-League games with previous clubs Central Coast Mariners and Brisbane Roar .
NMData : A-League Ladder
It paid off as Heart held on for an `` ugly '' win over Newcastle Jets to snap a three-game losing streak and lift them off the bottom .
Round 21 Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre
Aloisi said axing their former teammate was an excruciating call , but one they had to make for the team 's benefit .
`` I had a couple of days to think how I could spark the team , '' Aloisi said .
NMData : FS Football NMData A-League Rounds Module
`` It was a tough decision because Clint 's been our best player for two years , won the best-and-fairest , and it 's not like they are n't playing well .
`` But I felt Redders deserved a chance , he 'd played really well in pre-season and at training he 's been great .
`` I sat down with Clint and he 's been really good with Redders the last couple of days , helping them out , and Redders played really well today . It 's for them to lose . Let 's hope they keep performing like that . ''
The win , courtesy of Golgol Mebrahtu and Josip Tadic goals , was just Heart 's fourth of the season .
`` I said to the boys : 'We have to win no matter how we play and that was most important ' , '' Aloisi said .
`` Sometimes you need to win games ugly , I 've seen so many other teams do it and it 's about time we started doing it and we did it today .
`` We 've played some really good football . It does n't always show , sometimes you have to grind out results to get confidence up . I believe in what I 'm doing , it 's just a matter of making sure the boys keep believing .
`` That performance , and I 'm not talking about the way we played because the second half we did n't play great , but the way we grinded out the result we have n't been able to do all year . ''
Nodes
Adam Selene Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 13 , 2017
It 's become quite clear to me that the terminology within bitcoin has been hijacked .
The paper is extremely clear about what a node happens to be :
A node in bitcoin is a miner . There are no exceptions . Anyone who is running anything that is not mining is only running a wallet .
The thing people really do n't understand is that what matters in bitcoin comes from block consensus . The idea that you need to check your own node to know that a transaction is going through is ludicrous and it does n't matter anyway , your transaction goes through because it is incorporated into a block . The only way that you can get a transaction into a block is for it to be received by a node . That is the system that is mining your transactions .
Sitting and watching your own system means nothing . If you are not creating blocks you are doing nothing for the network , you are not helping it propagate . You are not helping it validate .
There is never been a single time in the history of bitcoin when any transaction or any block has been rejected other than as a result of miners rejecting it .
The point is , if you 're not creating blocks , you 're only following the nodes . At this point I will emphasise once again that a node is a system controlled by a mining server . It creates blocks . If you look at the early code it was documented very clearly . [ 1 ]
And this is detailed in the code comments [ 2 ] :
Personally , the comment stating that nodes collect transactions into a block
et cetera is rather clear . If you are not mining you are not a node .
This should be intuitive . There are few hops between getting your transaction from your machine and into a mining node . There are rarely ever two hops in the bitcoin network other than regarding systems that have nothing to do with mining .
Let 's do a little thought exercise .
Imagine you have a computer that has nothing to do with mining , it 's running a wallet . You receive a transaction that you consider invalid , what happens ? Basically , you do n't forward this to any other system .
In effect , you do nothing .
What if you receive an invalid block ? Again , you simply do n't propagate it , you do not tell other nodes that that is a bad block , all you do is ignore it . Now , and this is the bit that people seem to have real difficulty in understanding , doing nothing changes anything . If you 're mining and you reject a block it means you do n't mine on top of it and you select an alternate fork . If you 're not mining you do n't select an alternate fork . You do n't create blocks so you do n't propagate anything other than what you have been told about .
This is the simple flaw in this half-baked reasoning about the need to have people running raspberry pi 's , they do nothing .
It does n't matter if you do n't accept the transaction unless you mine , you do n't have any say in the structure of the Blockchain unless you mine . This idea of a validator , unless you 're mining does not exist . You can audit the Blockchain if you so desire , but for that there is no reason to ever keep a copy . Once you have validated to a certain point , if you write down the hash of the last block and prune from there , you are gaining no security at all through the process of keeping all the old transactions and validating them over and over .
All that matters are machines that mine .
Now , the first thing we need to understand is that all encryption systems are probabilistic . Password systems and any modern information security system works on probabilistic information . The so-called experts who talk about the probabilistic system of bitcoin fail to comprehend that strong encryption is probabilistic .
To me , it seems very clear . You can download block headers invalidated transaction has been received without needing to be a miner . The current terminology where block stream has been trying to tell us how we should run “ running a full network node ” s runs directly in contradiction of what it says in Satoshi 's White Paper .
I think that it is about time we start looking at all these changes and what people are seeking in their attempts to hijack the network .
[ 1 ] See the following :
https : //github.com/trottier/original-bitcoin/blob/92ee8d9a994391d148733da77e2bbc2f4acc43cd/readme.txt # L34
And note that all the checks are within the “ Miner ” function for block validation :
https : //github.com/trottier/original-bitcoin/blob/92ee8d9a994391d148733da77e2bbc2f4acc43cd/src/main.cpp # L2133
https : //github.com/trottier/original-bitcoin/blob/92ee8d9a994391d148733da77e2bbc2f4acc43cd/src/main.cpp # L2333
[ 2 ] https : //github.com/trottier/original-bitcoin/blob/92ee8d9a994391d148733da77e2bbc2f4acc43cd/src/main.h # L795
So… only miners are nodes
KAMLOOPS , B.C . — Hundreds of Canadian Armed Forces members will support the police response to devastating wildfires in British Columbia , bringing some relief to scores of exhausted officers on the ground .
About 225 soldiers travelled on Thursday from CFB Edmonton to Williams Lake , where they will assist the RCMP with observation and reporting along access roads , help with evacuations of people in distress and assist in delivery of aid .
Public Safety Minister Mike Farnworth said they were grateful the federal government had responded to B.C . 's request to provide the military members in order to free up local police .
“ I 'm pleased that they have acted as quickly as they have done in terms of recognizing the pressure that not only the people fighting the fires are under , but also the RCMP and policing forces , ” they told reporters in Kamloops .
“ There are a lot of tired people out there who need a break . ”
The members will join 150 personnel already in Williams Lake and the surrounding area , which was evacuated last week when a fast-moving wildfire approached the city 's outskirts .
The added personnel will bring with them 60 vehicles of various types , including 10 light armoured vehicles that are uniquely suited to difficult conditions , said Rear-Admiral Art McDonald .
They said they will not conduct law enforcement activities and will mostly be unarmed , apart from a few personnel who will carry arms intended to protect members from predatory animals .
“ This group of men and women … will work shoulder to shoulder with some impressive federal , provincial and municipal partners , including thousands of first responders , in uniform and out , who are working diligently in service of citizens in need , ” McDonald said .
The military has already sent a number of helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft to the province .
RCMP Assistant Commissioner Eric Stubbs said 500 additional officers have been sent to help in the fire zone from within B.C . and across Canada .
More than 150 fires were burning in the province on Thursday and about 43,000 people remained out of their homes . More than 3,500 square kilometres of land have been scorched by wildfires this year .
Farnworth , who was sworn on Tuesday as part of B.C . 's new NDP government , said he , Forests Minister Doug Donaldson , and Parliamentary Secretary for Emergency Preparedness Jennifer Rice , will meet with federal ministers on the weekend .
On Wednesday , Premier John Horgan extended a provincewide state of emergency for another two weeks .
Evacuees are eligible for $ 600 from a $ 100-million provincial fund , and Horgan said that they will be able to access an additional $ 600 for every two weeks they are displaced .
Former premier Christy Clark , now leader of the Opposition , established the $ 100-million fund less than two weeks ago and is now calling for the NDP to double it .
Farnworth said the fund is currently sufficient , but the government will spend whatever is necessary on the emergency .
“ This is just the start of the fire season , ” they said . “ I hope we get a honking big rainstorm that puts everything out , but we 're just at the beginning and so we 're going to make sure that people are looked after . ”
Donaldson was asked whether B.C . had done enough to prevent wildfires and , in particular , whether they thought recommendations in a 2003 report after the province 's last major wildfire emergency had been adequately implemented .
“ Some of the recommendations were acted on . Others need further action , ” they said .
“ Today , I want to focus on the public safety aspects : people 's homes , people 's livestock , people 's animals , people 's lives . ”
Rain fell on many parts of the province on Thursday , but some of the showers came with thunder and lightning . Chief fire information officer Kevin Skrepnek described the rain as merely a “ blip ” before hot and dry conditions were expected to return on Friday .
Residents of the West Bench suburb of Penticton , in B.C . 's Okanagan , were forced to flee when a small fire broke out Thursday . A couple roofs caught fire but the homes were not destroyed , said a city official .
Officials in one of the regions hardest-hit by the wildfires , the Cariboo Regional District , said Wednesday that 41 homes had been lost .
Another eight homes were confirmed lost in the Central Okanagan region last weekend and almost three dozen trailers were destroyed when fire raced through the Boston Flats trailer park next to Cache Creek , B.C .
Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
High-tech criminals typically use their hacking skills to unlock information . But in a presentation Friday at a New York hacker conference , a German security consultant showed how 21st-century technology can be used to unlock , well , locks .
Forbes ' Andy Greenberg reports that the security consultant , who goes by the name “ Ray , ” used a 3-D printer to cheaply produce plastic versions of the keys to high-security handcuffs manufactured by the English company Chubb and the German company Bonowi . Ray 's plastic keys easily sprung open both firms ' cuffs .
This is a serious problem for handcuff makers , because police departments typically use the same keys to unlock all of the handcuffs made by a given manufacturer . And while determined crooks have always been able to reproduce keys at metal-working shops if they have access to the originals , 3-D printing makes it possible for just about anyone to churn out their own copies if they have access to the digital blueprint .
How would they get such access ? Well , Ray has one answer : According to Greenberg , “ he plans to upload the CAD files for the Chubb key to the 3D-printing Web platform Thingiverse after the annual lockpicking conference LockCon later this week . ”
Ray says their goal is not to undermine police , but to make them aware of their handcuffs ' vulnerabilities . Police are supposed to monitor detainees even when they 're cuffed , but a false sense of security could lead them to ignore protocol .
This is n't the only way that 3-D printing can come in handy for criminals . Gangs have used the technology in the past to build better skimmers for ATM machines , and gun enthusiasts have printed rifle parts that would normally require a permit to buy . *
Reactionary security types will probably interpret these anecdotes as reason to regulate 3-D printers , but that would be premature . New technologies do n't create the arms race between criminals and authorities—they just change the rules .
* Correction : This article originally stated that 3-D printing allowed gun enthusiasts to circumvent the federal assault weapons ban . That ban expired in 2004 .
Daniel Luong-Van , NSF
Astronomers have detected a long-predicted polarization signal in the ripples of the Big Bang . The signal , known as B-mode polarization , is caused by the gravitational tug of matter on microwave photons left over from the Big Bang .
Its detection , posted this week to the arXiv preprint server1 and made by a microwave telescope at the South Pole , raises hopes that the signal can be used to map out the matter content of the Universe and determine the masses of the three types of neutrinos — in effect , using astronomy to achieve a key goal of particle physics . The detection also suggests that it might be possible to detect another type of B-mode , which would be evidence that the Universe , in the moment after the Big Bang , underwent a wrenching expansion known as inflation .
“ The reason no one 's been able to see this before is that it is a very small signal — about 1 part in 10 million , ” says Duncan Hanson , an astrophysicist at McGill University in Montreal , Canada , who led the work , which used ultrasensitive microwave receivers on the 10-metre South Pole Telescope ( SPT ) . In comparison , the first measurements of ripples in the cosmic microwave background , released in 1992 by researchers using the NASA Cosmic Background Explorer satellite , was sensitive to differences of 4 parts in 100,000 .
Other instruments are also seeking to detect B-modes , including the POLARBEAR experiment and the Atacama Cosmology Telescope ( ACT ) , both in Chajnantor , Chile .
“ They beat us , and hats off to them , ” says Lyman Page , an astronomer at Princeton University in New Jersey and principal investigator for the ACT . “ It 's intrinsically a neat signal and we all believe it will become an important tool for measuring the contents of the Universe . ”
David Spergel , a theoretical astrophysicist also at Princeton , agrees . “ It 's the first time polarization has been used to trace out large-scale structure in the Universe , ” they say .
The SPT was switched on in 2007 and has used the cosmic microwave background to map out the positions of galaxies and star clusters . Its sensitive microwave receivers were installed in 2012 and were able to detect variations in the B-mode signal across very small scales on the sky , says John Carlstrom , an astrophysicist at the University of Chicago in Illinois and principal investigator of the SPT . To use the signal to pin down the masses of neutrinos , which make up an unknown proportion of the matter being mapped , astronomers will have to survey a patch of sky much larger than the 100 square degrees mapped by the SPT . Still , Carlstrom says it is not implausible that telescopes will determine the neutrino mass in the next few years , before planned particle-physics experiments attempt to do the same thing with beams of neutrinos on Earth .
Yet the ultimate goal of the microwave-polarization experiments is not to do particle physics but cosmology . They are chasing a different class of ‘ primordial ' B-modes , which are thought to have been generated by the fast expansion of space during inflation . Any detection would be a definitive confirmation of inflation — one of the core theories of cosmology — and would fix its energy scale , which would be useful to physicists working to develop theories of quantum gravity . But primordial B-modes would exist as tiny variations on large scales of more than 1 degree across — too large for the SPT to find statistical significance with the relatively small patch of sky it surveyed . The European Space Agency 's Planck satellite , which surveys the whole sky , might be able to make them out . It is also possible that they will be discernible in smaller data sets such as the SPT 's once the gravitational B-modes have been mapped and removed , to potentially reveal any primordial signal beneath . The latest observation from the SPT suggests that this approach to detecting B-modes is a good prospect , says Spergel . “ It 's a good sign that they 've measured this from the ground . ”
Judge Kathleen McCarthy told Carnell Alexander they waited too long to challenge the situation and “ failed to take this matter seriously. ” ( Photo : Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images )
A judge says a Detroit man must pay $ 30,000 in back child support for their ex-girlfriend 's child even though he 's not the father .
Carnell Alexander brought their case to Wayne County Circuit Court with hopes for a fix . Instead , WXYZ-TV reports Judge Kathleen McCarthy told them Tuesday they waited too long to challenge the situation and `` failed to take this matter seriously . ''
Alexander says the paternity case started in the 1980s when the woman gave their name to a caseworker so they could get assistance for their baby . The woman agrees he 's not the father and a DNA test taken years after the 1987 birth backs that up .
More challenges are planned . Alexander 's lawyer Cherika Harris says an arrest warrant due to unpaid child support has been dropped .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/1A5DecX
James Bond : Do you expect me to talk ?
Auric Goldfinger : No , Mr . Bond , I expect you to die !
James Bond
I 'm a big James Bond fan , so naturally I went to watch the new Bond movie Spectre which – spoiler alert ! – is pretty bad . It also got me to reminice about the good Bond films of the past . My personal candidate for worst Bond film is Die Another Day , but what does the “ objective ” opinion say on this hotly debated topic ? Does my taste conform to the Internet 's taste ?
The Economist newspaper did some data analysis when the last Bond ( Skyfall ) came out , stacking up the different Bond actors on killing , drinking martinis , and love conquests ( “ Booze , bonks and bodies ” ) . They updated the data for the UK release of Spectre , with Daniel Craig jumping in ranking a lot , mainly from their many kills . The Economist also recently did a comparison of box office opening weekends of the Bond films .
As an economist , I 'd have to argue that box office success is one objective measure of film quality ; if the movie is bad , people do n't go to the cinemas to watch it , and after all , the market is always right , right ?
Others might argue that a critical review scale can assess the quality of a film . This is always debateable : who decides what and how things are grouped into a quality scale ? Nevertheless , metacritic and other ratings are used a lot in different industries , because it 's the best you can get .
Data
I decided to pull some data on the Bond movies . Luckily , wikipedia has a nice article , listing all bond films with their respective budget , box office returns , and several critic scales . I 'll use the excellent and easy to use rvest package to pull the data .
# # pull oldid of the wikipedia page to ensure reproduceability bond.url < - `` https : //en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php ? title=List_of_James_Bond_films & oldid=688916363 '' # # read the page into R bond.wiki < - read_html ( bond.url ) # # film data bond.films < - bond.wiki % > % html_nodes ( `` table '' ) % > % # first table in the page . [ [ 1 ] ] % > % # fill , because wiki uses multi-cell formatting : ( html_table ( fill = TRUE )
rvest really is that easy to use . It was the first time I used it , and I have to say , I like it a lot . It 'll make pulling data from internet webpages much , much easier in the future for me !
The only problem is that the table in the wiki article has a lot of extra information ( like footnotes ) that we now need to clean to get a nice , usable dataframe . It 's relatively straightforward , I 've written a couple of custom functions doing mainly some regexp cleaning . These are the f. functions in the code below . If you 're interested in the details you can check out the full code , including the function code on github .
# lots of cleaning to work to be done now ... bond.films % < > % # make clean column names ( replace space with dot ) setNames ( make.names ( names ( bond.films ) , unique = TRUE ) ) % > % # remove first and last line ( inner-table headers ) head ( -1 ) % > % tail ( -1 ) % > % mutate ( # clean wiki-related data import problems Title = f.clean.titles ( Title ) , Bond.actor = f.clean.double.names ( Bond.actor ) , Director = f.clean.double.names ( Director ) , # NA coerced here are what we want -- ignore the warnings Box.office = as.numeric ( f.clean.footnote.marks ( Box.office ) ) , Budget = as.numeric ( f.retrieve.initial.numbers ( Budget ) ) , Salary.of.Bond.actor = as.numeric ( f.retrieve.initial.numbers ( Salary.of.Bond.actor ) ) , # rename the 2005 adjusted price values Box.office.2005.adj = as.numeric ( Box.office.1 ) , Budget.2005.adj = as.numeric ( Budget.1 ) , Salary.of.Bond.actor.2005.adj = as.numeric ( f.retrieve.initial.numbers ( Salary.of.Bond.actor.1 ) ) , RoI = Box.office.2005.adj / Budget.2005.adj ) % > % # remove old uninformative uniqueness naming select ( - contains ( `` 1 '' ) )
The make.names command was new for me , and I am very impressed . It makes setting up proper R-usable variable names a breeze , and in this case was also helpful with uniqueness : The wiki article page uses multi-cell formatting to identify columns , which got lost in my transformations . It 's a bother people do n't conform to clean data standards everywhere ! 😉
I then pull and clean the second table as well , which has information on several awards and critic ratings , and merge both for the final dataset to use :
# # ratings on films bond.ratings < - bond.wiki % > % html_nodes ( `` table '' ) % > % # second table in the page . [ [ 2 ] ] % > % # fill , because of multi-cell formatting : ( html_table ( fill = TRUE ) bond.ratings % < > % setNames ( make.names ( names ( bond.ratings ) , unique = TRUE ) ) % > % mutate ( # rename for later merging Title = f.clean.titles ( Film ) , Actor = f.clean.double.names ( Actor ) ) % > % # reorder to original order select ( Title , Year : Awards ) % > % # split the RT into rating and number of reviewers separate ( Rotten.Tomatoes , c ( `` Rotten.Tomatoes.rating '' , `` Rotten.Tomatoes.reviews '' ) , sep = `` % '' ) % > % mutate ( Rotten.Tomatoes.reviews = sub ( `` ^ \\ ( ( \\d * ) reviews\\ ) . * '' , `` \\1 '' , Rotten.Tomatoes.reviews ) ) # # final data set bond.dta < - bond.films % > % merge ( bond.ratings ) % > % select ( - Actor ) % > % arrange ( Year )
The Rotten Tomatoes rating is the one I will be using , by virtue of the fact that it 's available for all films .
Graphing
With all the data pulled , let 's take a look at it more closely .
bond.dta % > % ggplot ( ) + geom_point ( aes ( x = Year , y = Box.office.2005.adj , size = Budget.2005.adj , colour = as.numeric ( Rotten.Tomatoes.rating ) ) ) + scale_colour_continuous ( )
A little messy , but you can already get the general idea . There was a sharp decline in box office earnings in the late 1980s , and the older Bond movies ( with Connery as Bond in particular ) have better ratings .
We 'll clean this graph a bit more , and also add the Bond actors . For that , we need to generate a dataset of Bond actors and their time of service .
actor.grp < - bond.dta % > % group_by ( Bond.actor ) % > % summarise ( yearmin = min ( Year ) , yearmax = max ( Year ) ) % > % ungroup ( ) % > % arrange ( yearmin ) % > % # George Lazenby only had one film , which makes geom_rect `` invisible '' mutate ( yearmax = ifelse ( yearmin == yearmax , yearmax +1 , yearmax ) )
With this information , we can build a large ggplot graph with all the information in one place !
ggplot ( ) + # place geom_rect first , then other geoms will `` write over '' the rectangles # write a background rectangle for each Bond actor years of service geom_rect ( data = actor.grp , aes ( xmin = yearmin , xmax = yearmax , ymin = - Inf , ymax = Inf , fill = Bond.actor ) , alpha = 0.3 ) + # write actor names on rectangles geom_text ( data = actor.grp , aes ( x = yearmin , # place text rather at the top of the y-axis y = max ( bond.dta $ Box.office.2005.adj , na.rm = TRUE ) , label = Bond.actor , # colour is already mapped to RT.rating ( continuous ) # fill=Bond.actor , angle = 90 , hjust = 1 , vjust = 1 ) , alpha = 0.6 , size = 5 ) + # film names geom_text ( data = bond.dta , aes ( x = Year , y = 0 , label = Title , angle = 90 , hjust = 0 , vjust = 0.5 ) , size = 4 ) + # film data geom_point ( data = bond.dta , aes ( x = Year , y = Box.office.2005.adj , size = Budget.2005.adj , colour = as.numeric ( Rotten.Tomatoes.rating ) ) ) + # Rotten Tomatoes rating gradient scale_colour_continuous ( low = `` red '' , high = `` green '' , name = `` Rotten Tomatoes rating '' ) + # increase minimum point size for readability scale_size_continuous ( name = `` Budget ( 2005 mil . dollars ) '' , range = c ( 3 , 10 ) ) + theme_bw ( ) + theme ( plot.title = element_text ( lineheight = .8 , face = `` bold '' ) ) + # remove actor names from legend guides ( fill = FALSE ) + labs ( title = `` Box office results , budgets , and ratings of James Bond films
`` , x = `` '' , y = `` Box office earnings ( in 2005 mil . dollars ) '' ) # export to size that fits everything into graph , use golden ratio ggsave ( file = `` bond-full.png '' , width = 30 , height = 30 / ( ( 1 + sqrt ( 5 ) ) / 2 ) , units = `` cm '' )
Results
It turns out that my personal least favourite Bond is n't that bad by the scales provided above : it was relatively successful at the Box office , and also was n't rated that badly .
The honour of the worst-rated Bond film goes to A View to a Kill ( Roger Moore ) , and the film with the worst box office results is License to Kill ( Timothy Dalton ) . Perhaps it 's the naming policy ? It seems you do not make a killing with Bond movies if they have the word “ kill ” in the title – these two are the only ones .
Roger Moore presided over a continuous decline in popularity in the 1980s , and Timothy Dalton could not stop that trend . This lead to a long pause in Bond films until the franchise was resurrected in 1995 with Pierce Brosnan . Also interesting is the fact that with Brosnan , Bond film budgets noticeably increased in size . Only Moonraker comes close to being as expensive as the later Bonds , and that was set in space .
The early Connery Bond films were the most profitable – easily topping the current Craig films , by up to a factor of 22 ( Dr. No yielded 64 times its costs , versus Quantum of Solace which made 2.8 ) . Given the quality of Spectre , I fully expect the current Bond to not be a big success ( ratings are already very bad in general ) . This would lead to a new Bond coming up , if history repeats itself – and Craig has already said they no longer wants to play Bond .
Code and data for this analysis is availabe on github , as always .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
If we 're lucky , a few times each year we 'll be treated to a $ 100 million blockbuster that manages to wow critics and audiences alike . This was the case with Dawn of the Planet of the Apes , which managed to pull in both a 90 % on RottenTomatoes — normal caveats about RottenTomatoes aside — and grossed over $ 700 million at the global box office . When Hollywood finds just the right balance of magic and money , we catch a glimpse at the potential of the right filmmaker with a ton of resources at their or their disposal . It 's what has so many fans excited for War for the Planet of the Apes . Can Matt Reeves and 20th Century Fox team up for a second incredible blockbuster movie ?
We wo n't know for sure until the embargo lifts later this month , but a few critics have had a chance to see the film and have n't exactly been shy in praising the movie on social media . Here is a quick sampling of some of the early buzz ( with a nod to Heroic Hollywood and Collider ) about War for the Planet of the Apes from some of the people who know a thing or two about watching movies :
After watching the first few clips from the film , I 'm inclined to buy into the hype surrounding Reeves ' film . What made Dawn of the Planet of the Apes such a special experience was the deep sympathy Reeves and their actors made you feel for its non-human characters . That same sympathy has been on display throughout the film 's marketing , meaning that the Planet of the Apes franchise has sacrificed none of its pathos in pursuing a more violent story . Here 's hoping you 're right , Early Critics : this is one of the summer movies I 've been most excited about all year long .
War for the Planet of the Apes will hit theaters on July 14 , 2017 .
Introduction written by Jason Rimmer
Scotts message starts below ..
`` Hi guys , First off , when this was released , we thought that it was good to go . We had been running it for weeks , and it was checking out fine . There were things I still wanted to work on , of course , but there were no known crashes or major impediments to game play.And even after it was released , it seemed to be good for a few months .. very few negative reports , and lots of suggestions . And then it was like something snapped , and that 's when we realized it was n't as solid as we had thought . And the worst part is that because things had gone OK for a while , I had started tearing things up to make improvements ( plus we had put a lot of stuff `` on hold '' before the release to keep things as manageable as possible ) . So the code was in a state such that I could n't respond quickly to fix the problems as they started coming in.As for how we managed to miss the boat , it was principally a matter of testing ... or more correctly - the lack of the right type of it . We had been running TU here on at least a dozen computers ( incl . my wife 's at work , my brother 's , my mother in laws , etc ) . But for the most part it was all AI vs AI . I figured that would root out any really serious stuff . But obviously it did n't , and because this was before Jason showed up , I did n't realize how cursory the comments coming in from the test crew really were ( and that was 2 dozen people at the time ) .At that point I had already delayed the release for about 2 years ( and the boards were full of `` vaporware '' comments and how HPS was going out of business ) , so with no known crash reports or other major issues , I decided to go for it . It seemed like it a reasonable bet that it was OK.And now we know why I 'm not a betting man . : - ) Had I known , of course , I never would have released it . Yes , it was intended as a WIP ( all of my releases are ) , but not to the level it turned out to be.As for the poster who feels ripped off and thinks I 'm unprofessional , I do understand where he 's coming from . But all I can say is that I 've refunded every persons money who has requested it , no questions asked . It 's been my policy since I started , and I still honor it for every single game I sell.So I do n't agree they were completely ripped off . Though , as a gamer myself ( at least when I had time ) , I get the fact that they spent time and put emotional energy into it . I also get that that can be even more valuable than money . But there is no way I can refund that . So all I can do is say I 'm sorry and try to work as hard as I can to eventually put something out there they ( and everyone else ) can enjoy.As for the forums ... I also understand that it 's the way many , if not most , people like to converse these days . However , I still prefer email . Maybe that makes me a dinosaur , but I encourage folks to email me and have my email address posted everywhere ( scott @ hpssims.com ) . And I reply to every single one I get from customers ( just like Jason 's all those years ago # , and the ones from all the other guys on that forum ) . I find it 's more personal , less likely to turn negative or off the subject , and allows me to really dig into issues.The other thing , is that as my wife says , `` you can waste hours on writing the simplest things '' . Which , as you can see from this email , among others , is absolutely true . ; - ) Being a perfectionist is one of my major weakness , at least for things like this . Where other people can spend five minutes and fire something off , I spend hours . If I were on a forum , even just posting a minimal amount , I 'd lose hours of work time . And on the forums , it seems like there is never a minimal amount . ; - ) That 's not to say I ca n't change or figure out a way to do it , but just that right now I agree with Jason ( and Jeff and Joe ) 100 % . The only thing that really matters is getting this out in a shape that we can all be happy with and proud of . In some minds I 'm already a `` recluse '' and an `` SOB '' and any number of other things ( and that 's before you even ask my cats ! ) ... and while it hurts deeply , there 's nothing I can do about that besides getting this out the door.See ya ! -Scott ''
Now with a title like that , this story had better have some kind of great outcome . Or crazy twist . Or my grandfather had better 've , by-God , actually killed the worst creature that ever lived . Or else this story certainly is n't worth reading— I bet you 're thinking .
I hate to break it to you , dear reader , or ruin the surprise , but I think I need to clear this up before you read any further : Did my grandfather kill Hitler ? Despite what you may think you know about history , the answer is yes . Yes , they did . My grandpa did kill Hitler .
Now that I have your full , undivided attention , or just your willingness to play along until you get the punch line , I shall proceed .
Part One – Call of Duty
My grandfather was born in Anniston , Alabama , in 1920 . Their parents were so poor that a wealthy , great-uncle of my newly born grandfather had promised my great grandparents $ 1000 in their will if they would name their son after said uncle . In 1920 , my grandfather 's parents were happy to oblige .
You see , this great uncle had been named after a Confederate hero by the name of John Pelham . The original John Pelham , a Civil War fighting , womanizing , artillery-revolutionizing hero of the South , had died in battle defending Dixieland without having kids of their own .
( LEGITIMATE kids of their own—rumor had it that the original John Pelham was loved by so many Southern belles that they mourned from Charlotte to Savannah upon news of their death . So if the bullet or battlefield had n't killed him , would the heartache have done the job ? That was my great , great , great great-granduncle ! They are n't a player , they just crushed a lot . )
The second John Pelham—the uncle for whom my grandfather had been named , who left behind the $ 1000—also had no children of their own , but knew that they were dying around the time of my grandfather 's birth . Thus , they wanted to pass down their famous name to a blood relative in the family .
So John Pelham , my grandfather , was born , and the great-uncle soon died thereafter , leaving my grandfather 's family the money . My grandfather said their family was so poor that they lived off of that grand for the entire Depression . They remembered frequently eating nothing but burnt toast and beans for months at a time . Sad . My grandfather was the youngest of several children , so they were always the one scrounging for food and trying to grow up too fast . But this also made them very resourceful .
The day after the Pearl Harbor attack in 1941 , John enlisted for several reasons , but mostly out of patriotism . My grandfather had a very—shall we say—colorful experience in World War II . They liberated concentration camps and dealt with the Russians ( who were so poor and uneducated , and who had had such primitive resources back in Mother Russia that their troops would often misunderstand modern amenities and would do silly things like steal water faucets off of sinks thinking water would magically erupt from them without them even being plumbed in ) .
They were even offered $ 10,000 to take a French woman back to America at the end of the war and marry them for the papers ! Lots of further craziness ensued during John Pelham 's tenure in WWII . They were eventually made warehouse inventory manager of the Third Reich 's storage facility containing all of the liquor Germany had seized from occupied territories , which had been re-confiscated by the Allies ( John was able to use this position at the warehouse to escalate their personal status in the war many times over . But that 's a story for another day ) . Perhaps my grandfather 's greatest achievement in the Second World War happened before they even left the states . Because that 's when they killed Hitler .
At the time John Pelham had enlisted , the Allied forces were struggling to find the best way into Europe to take back the countries seized by defeat . They knew landing in France and Italy would be essential , strategically , but they also exercised many different methods for hauling men and supplies through these two countries , once they had landed .
Initially , the American military was planning for a mountain attack across the Alps via Switzerland . They were deciding how to transport artillery across the mountains , so they used the Rocky Mountains as a training ground for the invading unit . The men were supported by mules that carried packs of guns and supplies for the soldiers , as it was thought that mules were a safe bet for transporting goods through the narrow , cliff-side mountain paths .
Before the war , John had been studying engineering at the University of Auburn in Alabama . They were in the ROTC in college , and they often dealt with horses , like the Confederate hero John Pelham did . Also like their ancestor of the same name , when they enlisted in the military , their training began with an artillery unit . They trained at camps across the nation and eventually was stationed in Colorado . The military thought that John 's thorough experience with horses would make them adept at handling the mules that the army was training in the Rockies .
NEXT CHAPTER : My Grandpa Killed Hitler , Part Two – Hitler 's Reign of Terror
ALL CHAPTERS
more by KOELEN ANDREWS
Yesterday , the New York Times published an editorial titled “ Big Tobacco Attacks Sensible F.D.A . Vaping Rules . ”
Two points for debate surface immediately .
First is the question of just how sensible those rules really are . Second is the insinuation that tobacco companies should play no role in developing nicotine products that are far less hazardous than cigarettes .
By conflating products with their makers , the editorialists miss a crucial point about public health : that smokers are best served when safer alternatives to cigarettes are developed and available without needless delay .
What 's important is that appealing quality products exist , not who makes them .
Confusion over that key principle may have set the stage for the myriad assumptions , aspersions , and half-truths contained in the editorial .
Here is a point-by-point review .
Editorial : “ As smokers turned to electronic cigarettes to reduce the health risks of smoking , big tobacco companies started buying e-cigarette makers and producing and selling their own. ” ( Point # 1 )
“ Now those companies are lobbying Congress to prevent the Food and Drug Administration from regulating electronic cigarettes and cigars , as it does conventional cigarettes. ” ( Point # 2 )
“ If the [ tobacco companies ] succeed , they will be able to sell and market addictive nicotine products to young people with few restrictions. ” ( Point # 3 )
Response to # 1 : Yes , tobacco companies are in the harm reduction business : they want to sell vaping devices and other reduced risk products that allow smokers to consume nicotine more safely . Why is this bad ? Altria , Reynolds , and Philip Morris International ( PMI ) have product lines that are intended to appeal to smokers who want to quit conventional combustible cigarettes .
Safer products can only be a win for public health .
E-cigarettes do n't combust tobacco and thus they do not release tar , carbon monoxide , and scores of other cancer-causing toxins . According to the Royal College of Physicians , they are 95 percent less risky than cigarettes .
E-cigarettes contain nicotine , an addictive substance that poses negligible health risks to otherwise healthy people . Even smokers with asthma or hypertension who have switched completely or partly to vaping products enjoy improved lung function and blood pressure . ( The effects , if any , on long-term inhalation of propylene glycol and glycerin , components of e-liquid , remain to be seen and must be studied post-market . )
More good news . The CDC just reported that e-cigarettes are the most popular device used for smoking cessation ( 35.3 % ) , more popular than both nicotine gum and patch combined ( 25.4 % ) .
Response to # 2 : Makers of vaping products are not avoiding regulation . They want it . They need it . What they want is sensible regulation and this is where the F.D.A . fails . The “ deeming regulations ” impose massive regulatory burdens .
For example , manufacturers of electronic cigarettes and vaping devices must spend between $ 300,000 and $ 2 million to prepare and file a “ pre-market application ” with the F.D.A . for approval . Now , multiply these demands by a factor of 10s to 100s , to account for an entirely new assessment for each device or e-liquid flavour that a company makes . This extends to details such as improving battery safety to guard against overheating or even changing the concentration of nicotine in an e-liquid .
The F.D.A . will also need to create a vast bureaucracy of scientists and evaluators to process the 6-7,000 applications it anticipates receiving . Under section 910c of the Federal Drug and Cosmetic Act , the FDA is required to review these applications “ no later than 180 days after the receipt of an application. ” It 's anyone 's guess how they can do so .
In the short run , F.D.A . 's rules will drive hundreds of small and medium-sized vaping companies out of business . In the long run , the chilling effect of F.D.A . policy on innovation will keep smokers inhaling lethal tar .
Response to # 3 : Tobacco companies would not be able to “ sell to young people with few restrictions. ” There would remain restriction on sales to minors ; in no way would adolescents be given access via new legislation . Sellers would be required to certify , face-to-face , that a buyer is at least 18 years old and if they want to sell online , they would need to obtain a permit .
Editorial : “ The tobacco lobby wants Republicans to amend a vital appropriations bill ( point # 1 ) to exempt products that were introduced before May 2016 from F.D.A . review ( point # 2 ) . ”
Response to point # 1 : The amendment to which the editorial refers is the F.D.A . Deeming Authority Clarification Act of 2017 , also called the “ Cole-Bishop amendment. ” The amendment would not “ exempt ” products from regulation .
The Cole-Bishop amendment would allow e-cigarette products and other newly deemed products that were already on the market before August 2016 to remain on the market without applying to the F.D.A . for marketing approval , the same freedom enjoyed by the numerous combustible cigarettes that were on the market before February 2007 .
But , the amendment would not exempt the products from F.D.A . regulations . They would be subject to regulations regarding batteries , product standards , labelling rules , advertising guidelines , and registration requirements for retailers and manufacturers . Companies would be penalized if they violate any of these . Unfortunately , new products introduced after August 2016 would still have to undergo the existing ( and overbearing ) F.D.A . marketing approval .
Response to point # 2 : The editorial says that the “ tobacco lobby ” wants to revise the current approval process . Indeed . And they are not alone . In the name of harm reduction , public health experts want more sensible regulation too .
Among them are Kenneth E. Warner , the Avedis Donabedian distinguished university professor of public health and former dean of the School of Public Health at the University of Michigan . As they write , “ the [ F.D.A . 's ] exacting demands … will impose a production and financial cost that few manufacturers will be able to meet . As these firms and their products disappear , smokers will be afforded fewer low-risk alternatives to smoking and some will pay the ultimate price . ”
Amy Fairchild , now Associate Dean of Academic Affairs and Professor at Texas A and M School of Public Health , echoes Warner 's concerns . “ If there is to be a future for e-cigarettes , it is critical not to limit their potential to seriously challenge traditional cigarettes , they say . After evaluating the F.D.A . 's deeming rules , Fairchild concluded , “ the [ agency 's ] final rule may be so burdensome that it effectively prohibits e-cigarettes. ” Of the overly risk-averse posture held by so many in the tobacco control community , they and two colleagues from the Mailman School of Public Health aver , “ an unwillingness to consider e-cigarette use until all risks or uncertainties are eliminated strays dangerously close to dogmatism . ”
Editorial : “ Another government report found that 16 percent of high-school students said they had used e-cigarettes in 2015 , up from just 1.5 percent in 2011 . ”
Response : Experimentation is presented as if a problem . And , on its face , it does seem worrisome . Yet unmentioned in the editorial is the fact that youth are not progressing from vaping e-cigarettes to smoking real ones . If such a “ gateway effect ” were to manifest , it would be troubling . But evidence has yet to emerge in the five years the Centers for Disease Control has tracked teen vaping .
Teens do experiment with e-cigarettes ( although less than one percent use them on a daily basis ) but as more try them , smoking rates in that group are the lowest ever and falling fast . This suggests , but does not prove , that would-be teen smokers do n't go beyond vaping and/or that they are using e-cigarettes to quit . Whatever the explanation , it is clear that increased experimentation is not leading to more teen smokers .
Editorial : The F.D.A . is simply doing its job by protecting public health .
Response : The F.D.A . will do its job when it accepts that some adults will always want to use nicotine . This demands new rules that enable innovation , efficient approval , and access of smokers to an array of vaping products and other non-combustibles . The current regulations are the opposite of sensible . They protect no one and will kill many .
Lindsey Yates , WTHI News - TERRE HAUTE , Ind . ( WTHI ) - A senate committee has narrowly approved a bill regulating e-liquids , commonly used in vaping pens and e-cigarettes .
WISH-TV 8 's sister station WTHI News reported the goal is to crack down on the rapidly growing use of e-cigarettes by teens , but opponents argue the restrictions go too far .
The `` No One under 18 Allowed '' sign that greets you at Smoke N Peace in Terre Haute is proof that local stores are already making strides to comply with what could be a future of strict regulations on e-cigarettes .
`` We wo n't sell anything e-cigarette related , even if it does n't have nicotine in it , to anyone under 18 , '' said Grant Ford , with Smoke N Peace .
Among prohibiting sales to minors , childproof caps are already standard practices in the industry .
`` All of ours have that , and that 's why we went with actual name brands instead of making our own , '' said Ford .
For shops the problem lies in the newly proposed license . Obtaining a permit in the Hoosier state could cost upwards of $ 5,000 .
`` Other places in town that make their own liquid its pretty much going to run them out , '' said Ford .
Proponents of Senate Bill 539 argue the goal of the bill is not to shut down businesses , but instead it 's aimed at keeping tobacco products out of the hands of minors .
`` Brains are not fully developed until we are young adults , and nicotine really interferes with the development of that teenage brain , '' said Bill Stanczykiewicz , with the Indiana Youth Institute .
For the first time in years the smoking rate among teens is down , and e-cigarettes are now threatening what tobacco and cessation programs have fought for .
`` This is going to re-normalize smoking , '' said Stanczykiewicz .
However , Smoke N Peace will remain in business . Their manufacturer will be shelling out the cash , maintaining that the extra tax wo n't reflect in the prices on the shelf .
`` They already make enough money that I think they could probably absorb the shock of all that money going out , '' said Ford .
The same ca n't be said for all shop owners who still fear the regulations go too far .
`` It 's a really hard blow for a lot of shops , '' said Ford .
The author of the bill is still looking to work with opponents to create regulations that will allow shops to stay in business .
The Official FFG FAQ is AVAILABLE ! !
http : //www.fantasyfl ... v1.0_LowRes.pdf
I will update this FAQ later to comment on what the official rulings are .
The Smuggler 's Den and SoCal Star Wars LCG League Rulings
WWDrakey , Toqtamish , PlebeianMaw and 1 other like this
Well with so much debate on various forums regarding a number of interactions and us hosting a league and impending tournament , we 've been forced to make a number of rulings without the help of an FAQ . Feel free to disregard these rulings but they seem like a reasonable place for the community to start from before the FAQ shows up . We have not covered these on the podcast because these are not official rules , but interpretations that we are forced to make . As such , of course disregard this list in its entirety as soon as the FAQ drops ! And remember these are the interpretations of the cast of The Smuggler 's Den and not the opinions of FFG.1 . Protect and Shielding ( Specifically Jedi Guardian ) - A character can not accept more damage than their damage capacity allows , even if shielded . Thus if a Jedi Guardian has a shield and 3 damage is incoming , only 2 damage may go to the Guardian ( less if the unit is damaged ) . Shields on the Jedi Guardian can be used to absorb damage from other sources.Personally I do not think this is the intent , but the wording seems clear on damage capacity . I think this ruling will actually stand in the FAQ.2 . Trench Run - Rebel Assault can not be used on Trench Run , I received this ruling from FFG . Unopposed damage , Target of Opportunity , and Wookiee Navigator can all be used when targeting Trench Run.I actually think this will not be how the FAQ rules these interactions , I think only unopposed damage will count . However a very active playtester is adamant that these do work so that 's how we are ruling them.3 . Refresh Phase - The `` Any effect with the text `` after you refresh '' can be used after completing this step '' is moved to after step 2 is completed instead of after step 1 is completed . This solves the issue of placing shields with cards like Fleeing the Empire and having them removed in step 2.4 . Tie Attack Squadron - If a Twist of Fate is played by the owner of Tie Attack Squadron , a fate card was indeed played and it gains its icon and targeted strike . ( Of course targeted strike is a keyword which is defined as attacking only. ) 5 . Secrets of Yavin 4 - Each objective can only be engaged once . Therefore , if Secrets of Yavin 4 is attacked its response can not be triggered as it has already been engaged . Moreover , Secrets of Yavin 4 's interrupt can only be triggered once . If another objective is attacked and Secrets of Yavin 4 triggers its interrupt , the original objective has not yet been engaged ( and may be engaged again ) since that attempt was interrupted.6 . Targeted Strike + Shii-Cho Training - These two abilities are mutually exclusive . You may not spread out damage over multiple targets if using targeted strike.7 . Grand Moff Tarkin - The moment Tarkin enters play their passive ability is in effect . Therefore , if an objective has 4 damage on it and its damage capacity was previously 5 , the objective immediately blows up.8 . Darth Vader 's reaction and cancelled events - If an event is played and cancelled , Darth Vader can still trigger their reaction.This is one I 'm really hoping FFG changes but the wording seems clear for now .
WASHINGTON , D.C.—Decked out in black tie and formal dresses , guests at Mr. Jefferson 's Capital Ball finished their salmon with horseradish sauce just as the band lured them onto the dance floor with classics including “ Shout ” and “ My Girl. ” Some of the people who paid up to $ 400 a couple to attend the event in the Grand Ballroom of the historic Mayflower Hotel joined in the Electric Slide .
The ball was more than just another Friday night party to ease Washington into the weekend . It had the commendable purpose of raising money for scholarships to the University of Virginia .
But not the kind of scholarships that go to low-income students based solely on their financial need . The proceeds from Mr. Jefferson 's Capital Ball are destined for merit aid for applicants who have the high grade-point averages and top scores on entrance tests that help institutions do well on college rankings . Merit aid can also attract middle- and upper-income students whose families can pay the rest of the tuition bill and therefore furnish badly needed revenue to colleges and universities .
As institutions vie for income and prestige in this way , the net prices they 're charging the lowest-income students , after discounts and financial aid , continue to rise faster on average than the net prices they 're charging higher-income ones , according to an analysis of newly released data the universities and colleges are required to report to the U.S. Department of Education .
This includes the 100 higher-education institutions whose leaders attended a widely publicized White House summit in January and promised to expand the opportunities for low-income students to go to college . In fact , the private universities in that group collectively raised what the poorest families pay by 10 percent , compared to 5 percent for wealthier students , according to the analysis by The Dallas Morning News and The Hechinger Report based on information the U.S. Department of Education released this month covering 2008-09 to 2012-13 , the most recent period available .
Not only did the White House pledge schools raise their net prices faster for the poorest than for higher-income families on a percentage basis , the new figures show ; nearly a third increased the actual dollar amount more quickly for their lowest-income than their higher-income students .
Related : College , federal financial aid increasingly benefits the rich
At the University of Virginia , for instance , the poorest students saw their net price climb $ 4,313 over that period , compared to $ 2,687 for students in the top earning bracket .
“ Institutions need to remain vigilant in making sure that the students with the highest need have the highest access to aid , ” U.S . Under Secretary of Education Ted Mitchell said when asked about the disparity between the promises made by institutions and their real-world performance .
The White House has scheduled a follow-up summit for Thursday on the issue of keeping college affordable for the lowest-income students .
At the first summit , UVA President Teresa Sullivan was among the leaders who pledged to help poor families afford the price of college . From the start of the economic downturn through 2013 , however , UVA raised the net price for its very poorest students by 69 percent , more than three times faster than for wealthier students , whose tuition increased 21 percent , the federal figures show . And even since January , beginning with the class that entered this fall , the public university dropped a policy of meeting full need for the lowest-income students without requiring them to take out loans and now asks in-state families to borrow up to $ 14,000 over four years and out-of-state families up to $ 28,000 .
“ All too many elites , extremely wealthy colleges and universities that should be operating as engines of socioeconomic mobility are instead calcifying inequality , ” said Michael Dannenberg , director of higher education at the nonpartisan think tank The Education Trust .
What 's “ Net Price ” ?
Colleges are required to annually report their average net prices—the total cost of tuition , fees , room , board , books , and other expenses , minus federal , state , and institutional scholarships and grants—to the Education Department . They must also break down those prices based on students ' family income , from the lowest— $ 30,000 or less—to the highest— $ 110,000 or more .
There are limitations to the data . They cover only full-time freshmen who get federal grants , loans , or work-study jobs . The most recent figures cover the period ending more than a year before that January White House summit . And some schools dispute how net price should be determined and use their own calculations that are different from the federal formula .
But the figures give the only available picture of what students from different income brackets pay to study at the same university or college . The data also make clear that , while lower-income students at many of the institutions represented at the White House summit still pay less than higher-income ones , their net prices are rising faster on an inflation-adjusted percentage basis than the net prices charged to students more able to pay . In some cases , costs for the wealthier families are actually falling .
Related : Poorer families are bearing the brunt of college price hikes , data show
“ There are powerful incentives for universities to avoid admitting and enrolling low-income students. ” –Richard Kahlenberg , senior fellow , The Century Foundation .
Even at the 36 taxpayer-supported public universities that signed the White House pledge , poor students paid an average net price of about $ 8,000 in 2008-09 and almost $ 10,000 in 2012-13 . That 's a 25 percent increase . During the same period , wealthier students at those schools saw their average net price go from about $ 18,000 to $ 21,000 , a 16 percent increase . The figures have been adjusted for inflation .
Universities “ are giving lots of merit aid to kids who do n't need it , ” and less financial aid to those who do , said Richard Kahlenberg , a senior fellow at the nonpartisan think tank The Century Foundation .
In fact , Kahlenberg said , “ There are powerful incentives for universities to avoid admitting and enrolling low-income students . The way that universities compete is on prestige and on the U.S.News & World Report rankings , and you get no credit for having a generous financial aid program that brings in more low-income students . ”
Colleges Respond
A UVA spokesperson stressed that Mr. Jefferson 's Capital Ball is run by an independent foundation of alumni and other supporters , not by the university itself . They also said the elimination of the no-loan policy for low-income students was unavoidable because the cost of assisting them exclusively with grants had nearly doubled since 2008 . Requiring all students to borrow is projected to save the university more than $ 10 million through 2018 .
“ UVA has committed to providing the necessary need but also needs to ensure that the program is sustainable , ” the spokesperson , McGregor McCance , said .
Heated protests over the changes , however , brought attention to the fact that , even as it was cutting the cost of providing financial aid to its poorest students , UVA was spending $ 12 million on a new squash facility and increasing its marketing budget by $ 18 million annually . Since then , a member of the Board of Visitors , Blue Ridge Capital president John Griffin , has pledged $ 4 million for scholarships for high-achieving low-income students and to seed an endowment for financial aid for top low-income undergraduates .
Related : College-rating proposal shines spotlight on powerful lobby
A few other universities and colleges that were represented at the White House “ Improving College Opportunity ” summit said their net prices for low-income students appeared to be increasing more quickly than they really have because they use different formulas than the federal government does to calculate whether or not a student has financial need .
For example , while the government takes into account only the income of the custodial parent in the case of a divorce , these colleges also factor in the income of the parent who does not live at home , and often the value of real estate and other holdings . This means they do not necessarily regard as low income the same students the federal government does , and may not provide them with much financial aid .
That 's one reason Claremont McKenna College said it appeared to have more than doubled its net price for its poorest students—10 times as fast as for their richer classmates—in spite of also signing the White House pledge , spokesperson Max Benavidez said .
“ Moving from one formula in reporting aid to another completely different methodological formula may account for the misimpression of a large increase , ” Benavidez said , though they would not provide the formula the college uses .
Another White House-pledge college that uses its own formula to calculate need , Oberlin , did provide specifics . While federal figures show it doubled the net price for its poorest students at a rate 10 times as fast as for the highest group , Oberlin 's own calculations—which include the earnings of both parents in cases of divorce , making fewer students qualify as low income than the federal method—show that the net price for the poorest students hardly budged in the last three years and fell in 2012-13 , said Debra Chermonte , dean of admissions and financial aid .
Nor are seemingly wealthier families always necessarily able to afford tuition without help . Some may live in places with high costs of living , leaving them less disposable income , or have children close in age who go to college at the same time .
“ You might be making $ 200,000 a year , but you just got divorced and that 's a factor and this is a factor and there are other factors , ” said Michael Crow , president of Arizona State University .
Related : The real cost of college ? It 's probably even higher than you think
Another president , Patrick Leahy of Wilkes University , said , “ There 's plenty of aid going to the $ 80,000 [ earners ] and below , but once you get to $ 80,000 it 's not like it 's some magic number and you can suddenly afford tuition . ”
Other universities and colleges at which the net price for low-income students has shot up faster than for higher-income ones conceded that financial aid based on merit , as opposed to need , is increasingly important to their bottom lines .
“ Tuition-driven schools like UVM must think holistically about the entire undergraduate population and use more merit aid than in the past , ” said Enrique Corredera , spokesperson for the public University of Vermont , another school that signed the White House pledge but has more than doubled the net price for its poorest students , from $ 4,500 in 2008-09 to $ 11,000 in 2012-13 . Meanwhile , the net price for students in top income group stayed flat at $ 21,000 a year . “ We do this to attract academically talented students , who play a significant role in determining our ability to attract other students . ”
Corredera said wealthier students , whose families can afford to pay at least some of the tuition , also subsidize financial aid for their poorer classmates .
That subsidy is under attack in some states . The board of governors of North Carolina 's public universities , for example , is considering capping the proportion of tuition revenue that could be applied toward financial aid for low-income students , arguing that more affluent students should n't be forced to cover the costs of their less affluent classmates . Iowa has already stopped its universities from using any of their in-state residents ' tuition toward financial aid .
Cuts in state allocations for higher education have also reduced the money available for financial aid for low-income students , said some other public universities , including the University of Arkansas .
“ People who come from at-risk families are just as smart , just as talented as anyone else , and should have the same opportunities , ” the university 's chancellor , G. David Gearhart , said at the time that he , too , signed the White House pledge . “ A flagship , land-grant university should take this responsibility . It 's a big obligation but it 's one that is part of our heritage . ”
Yet the University of Arkansas raised its net price for the poorest families by 9 percent while lowering it 6 percent for wealthier ones between 2008-09 and 2012-13 . The lopsided changes in cost there came even before the Arkansas State Lottery Scholarship was cut last year by more than 50 percent , said university spokesperson Laura Jacobs , threatening to reduce even more funding reserved for low-income students .
“ There 's a glaring lack of political leadership around this in the states , ” said Michael McLendon , professor of higher-education policy at Southern Methodist University . Rather than need-based financial aid , McLendon said , “ It 's politically popular to invest a lot of state money in merit-based aid . It 's very appealing to the middle class. ” But , they said , “ It 's not helpful for boosting higher-education access or completion for the poorest kids . ”
There 's at least one glimmer of promise for critics of current aid practices . As the heat on this matter is being turned up , states , on average , slightly increased the share of financial aid they allocated for low-income students , as opposed to other students , in 2012-13 , the latest year for which that figure is available , according to the National Association of State Student Grant and Aid Programs .
On the other hand , the inflation-adjusted total amount of aid declined .
This story was produced by The Hechinger Report , a nonprofit , nonpartisan education-news outlet affiliated with Teachers College , Columbia University , in collaboration with The Dallas Morning News and the Education Writers Association .
The city is also working with local ratepayer groups and residents on how to improve signage .
Drivers are either not paying attention or are not reading the signs .
“ We ca n't anticipate how all this would come together , ” Moretti said . “ When a glitch arises , we have to work together with residents to fix it . ”
Moretti spent some time on Rouge Street with the newly installed security guard .
“ People are not reading the signs , ” Moretti said . “ When asked where they are going , they have a blank stare and say , ‘ Hwy . 7 . ' When you say there is no access to Hwy . 7 , people ask ‘ Are you sure ? ' ”
Area residents were given a number of parking permits as proof they live in the land-locked area . Visitors will have to stop at security to sign in .
“ It 's a tricky situation , ” Orr said . “ The city is helping , but people are frustrated . ”
Not only are parents worried about the increased traffic along a usually quiet street where children play , but drivers are also frustrated at the city 's signage .
There is confusion about some of the wording on the city 's detour signs .
One sign reads , ‘ No access to Hwy . 7 via James Scott Road , ' Orr said , which could be mistaken as access to Hwy . 7 via James Scott Road .
Many could also confuse the bridge reconstruction project with the Main Street Markham reconstruction project over the past two years , where there was access to Main Street Markham via side streets , Orr added .
Getting proper signage along major roads , such as McCowan Road , Hwy . 48 , Hwy . 7 and even Hwy . 407 was a challenge , as those roads fall under the region and province 's jurisdiction .
For the first week of construction , local resident Ryan Wilock remembers seeing hand drawn or spray painted signs .
“ It 's the small details that screw everything up , ” they said . “ The mess with the signs comes down to poor planning . ”
While local residents know the bridge is closed and under construction , it is drivers cutting through en route to home or work outside Markham who pose a problem , they added .
There are a number of problems with the signs , including confusion between Markham Road and Hwy . 48 , which are the same stretch of asphalt , lack of signs along 14th Avenue as well as difficulty reading electronic sign boards that face south .
The challenge also comes when directing clients to their home studio or office space on Main Street Markham .
“ How do you tell someone how to get here ? ” Wilock said . “ You have to direct them 10 kilometres the other way , only to come back again . ”
Based on how construction progressed on Main Street Markham , north of Hwy . 7 , Wilock questions the city 's time frame of having at least one lane open by the end of the year .
A month into the reconstruction project , the city has confirmed the project is on schedule , Moretti said .
Crews are working overtime in the evenings and on Saturdays , they added .
Bridge work over the Rouge River is regulated by the province 's ministry of natural resources because the river is home to the Redside Dace , an endangered species .
And that means there is a limited window of opportunity to work on a bridge passing over a waterway , Moretti said .
In 2010 , the bridge was given a band-aid repair solution , giving it another five safe years of driving on it . If the city waited until next year — after the election with a new council — the bridge would be at the end of its lifespan , which could be a huge liability .
If anything happened , such as a sinkhole or collapse , the entire reconstruction project would have taken longer .
The goal is for the bridge to be reconstructed during the fall and two lanes to open by the end of the year , with intermittent lane closures to complete road surface work .
“ I 'm confident we 'll reach that mark , ” Moretti said .
For more information visit markham.ca
One of a tiny number of female recording engineers , Rogers was there at birth of some of pop 's classics , including When Doves Cry . They recall the man they knew – and shares their theory about why they loved working with women
Between 1983 and 1987 , Susan Rogers did n't really sleep . She 'd work late into the night at a recording studio , then just three or four hours later would be woken up to head back in again , year after year – always at the beck and call of Prince as they answered their own relentless creativity . “ I did n't get a chance to form memories because I did n't sleep long enough to form them , ” they say . “ People remind me of the wildest stuff and I say : are you sure I was there ? ”
Rogers , 61 , is an extraordinary figure , a working-class autodidact who , as one of the tiny number of female recording engineers in the US , ended up helping to craft some of the greatest pop songs ever , from When Doves Cry to Raspberry Beret . The Prince sessions ensured a further decade of work with the likes of David Byrne , Barenaked Ladies and Tricky before they finally graduated from high school at 44 and then obtained a PhD in music and psychology .
In between teaching at Boston 's prestigious Berklee College of Music , they are now a sought-after public speaker , dispensing a lifetime 's worth of knowledge at hip events such as Red Bull Music Academy and this weekend 's Ableton Loop conference .
They knew this – or something like it – would be their path from a young age . “ Playing records lit me up like a Christmas tree , ” they say down the line from their office . “ It felt like a calling : this is me , this is the street that I live on. ” It was the early 60s , and the Beatles were a hit in Rogers ' kindergarten playground , as they were everywhere else . “ There was this funny feeling of doubt – I did n't seem to be feeling the same way the other kids were . But the first time I heard James Brown 's Papa 's Got a Brand New Bag , I thought : ‘ This is the shit . ' ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Susan Rogers in the studio . Photograph : Alejandro Ramirez Cisneros
Later , in high school , “ kids were either fans of Jimmy Page , Jeff Beck or Eric Clapton – which guitarist you chose indicated which tribe you were in . It was always Page for me . That dirtier blues thing just felt right , and that feeling of correctness is actually the basis of a producer 's value system . Your job is to be on the other side of the glass listening to a performance and comparing what you 're hearing with what you 'd like to be hearing . Can this band do it ? Can they get there from here ? It 's then a little like blind dating – you talk about what you have in common , what each of you wants . ”
But production work was a long way off . Rogers ' mother died when they were 14 and their father needed three jobs to make ends meet . They left high school to help and got a job in a biomedical lab removing valves from pig hearts . They also got married . “ An extreme mistake , ” they say . “ Fortunately for me , the person I was married to was a really bad man – they were physically abusive . Fortunate because I could leave them and not look back . ”
At 21 , they were divorced and living in southern California with a roommate called Louise . “ We both wanted to be in the music business – Louise because they wanted to marry a rock star . They were beautiful , feminine , wore dresses and perfume , and slept with everybody . That 's what Louise exchanged to get in the door . I was n't cut from that cloth ; I was a more intellectual type . So I began studying . ”
They bought textbooks on electronics , acoustics and recording techniques , and got a job repairing recording consoles through an ad in the Los Angeles Times . They graduated to a recording studio owned by Graham Nash and David Crosby , and then heard that their favourite artist , Prince , was on the hunt for an audio technician .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rogers records a Prince show on the Sign o ' the Times tour in Rotterdam in 1987 Photograph : Gert de Bruijn
“ When the Dirty Mind album came out , it blew my mind , ” they say . “ This guy was a true artist , who was willing to completely offend their core audience . Songs about incest and oral sex were not cool in the R & B community . But it was such a brilliant tactical move on their part – they realised they were going to have to leapfrog over their competition and get the attention and acclaim of critics . I fantasised about the opportunity just to meet him , never mind work with him . ”
But they got the job and moved to Minneapolis in 1983 , becoming part of Prince 's coterie of strong , creative women , who also included singer Sheila E , guitarist Wendy Melvoin and pianist Lisa Coleman . Why did they love working with women so much ? “ Obviously , they were a heterosexual man and enjoyed having beautiful women around ! ” they say . “ But they needed to be the alpha male to get done what they needed to get done ; they could n't spend any mental energy battling with people for dominance or position . If you wanted your own way of doing things , you should n't be working for Prince – and women are , it 's safe to say , more inclined to let a man lead . They also liked outsiders and liked feeling like one himself . There were n't many female technicians , so I was a rare bird and they liked the rare birds . ”
Despite them being the dominant creative force , Rogers says that Prince gave the women “ a lot of power and responsibility ” .
In their case , this involved being swiftly promoted from technician to engineer , a role they had rarely taken on previously . But they quickly grasped their sound . “ He liked very clean and punchy drum sounds – a lot of attack , ” they say . “ We 'd take a kick drum and pull all the mid-range out of it , very similar to a heavy-metal kick drum . They liked a very prominent hi-hat and claps to be low-pitched , fat and sustained . They wanted rhythm guitar to be clean and direct , using really thick 11-gauge strings . It was really hard for me to unlearn Prince – everything I did after that reflected their ear , for better and worse . ”
The pair would often set up in Minnesotan warehouses rather than expensive studios ; there were no producers or songwriters involved . Rogers would arrive first and get everything ready . “ We would work fast and quietly , without speaking . They would first record the drums from top to bottom , listening to nothing , just with the song in their head . Next thing , he 'd play the bass part , the keyboard part , the rhythm guitar . Then their vocals , alone in the control room . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest When Doves Cry
As the song was built up , doubts would plague him . “ He 'd get really quiet , and that 's when they started getting rid of things , like the bass on When Doves Cry . Or he 'd strip down the whole top line and then change the tempo with the tape machine to see if it was going to work better slower or faster. ” With a song finished , they would often head out to a club afterwards and would end up performing : “ The poor kid was so naturally shy , they did n't want to mingle because they did n't have anything to say – they wanted to be on stage playing , ” they say .
He 'd invariably woo a woman nonetheless , but could n't resist going back to the studio in the middle of the night . “ He 'd have them sit there in the control room while we continued working . The girls sat there until they got bored and went home , with Prince saying : ‘ Sorry , baby , I 'm almost done . ' ”
On tour , they would do a four-hour sound check , a three-hour show and then head to a hired studio . “ He would consider 1am , after playing a stadium show , the point at which their day could begin , ” Rogers says . “ One of Jimi Hendrix 's former girlfriends said Jimi would put on their guitar to walk from the bed to the bathroom . Prince was the same way . Making music was their way of being in the world . ”
Rogers recalls an artist who was enormously professional and respectful , quite unlike the sex fiend that was portrayed in the media . “ He understood that an artist is a canvas for us to project our own desires and motives on to , ” they say . “ He was being the bold male that a lot of men wish they could be but society would n't allow them to ; they were being the hyper-confident male that a lot of women wish would find them attractive . They were letting us see this almost comic-book hero version of himself , so the real man could hide : a quiet , respectful , polite working man . I never heard them use profanity ; they were not lecherous . They were personally conservative , I never even saw a Playboy magazine around the house . It used to make me sad that the impression in the 80s was that Michael Jackson was the safe one you could let your daughter go on a date with , but that you would n't dare trust your daughter around Prince . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rogers collaborators Tricky and David Byrne . Composite : Reuters & Rex Features
Their work together got Rogers known and they scored a series of other high-profile jobs in a male-dominated industry . “ Of course there was sexism , but it worked to my advantage , ” they say . “ They thought : you 're a woman , you 've got ta be something special . It worked to my disadvantage , too ; I 'm sure I did miss out on work . But I was n't aware of the jobs I was never up for . ”
As well as David Byrne ( “ like Prince , a beautiful combination of true artist and smart business person ” ) they worked with Geggy Tah , a duo consisting of their then-boyfriend , Tommy Jordan , and Greg Kurstin , who won four Grammys this year for their work with Adele . They taught them to “ push sound around the way a painter would push paint around on canvas . Picasso can draw a woman and put both eyes on the side of their face and we get it . Likewise , with sound , it does n't have to sound exactly like a piano – it needs to be the idea of a piano. ” They ended up producing the multi-platinum Barenaked Ladies album Stunt in 1998 – its hit single One Week is a zany showcase of Rogers ' skill – and they used the substantial royalties to pay off their mortgage , quit the industry and take their PhD .
They now teach production , but also psychoacoustics and music cognition . “ It 's about the way the brain processes sound , which is great for sound engineers of the future , ” they say . “ Early painters would take anatomy classes to learn what a muscle is doing when you make a fist ; sound designers should be taking psychology classes to learn about auditory processing beyond the level of the ear. ” Rogers , the high-school dropout , spends the next 10 minutes happily chattering about research into neuroaesthetics , child behaviour and synchronicity .
How we made Prince 's Purple Rain Read more
They admit that they listen to less pop these days : “ The complexity tends to be extra-musical today – Lady Gaga 's music is not remarkably innovative , but they are. ” But they cast their mind feverishly around the music they love : Bob Dylan , Joni Mitchell , the Isley Brothers . “ I 'm just a freak for music . It creates a pattern of neural activity that my particular physiology says yeah , this feels good . It 's scratching an itch ; it 's ecstasy . ”
Susan Rogers appears at Ableton Loop , Berlin , 10–12 November . My Name is Prince : The Official Exhibition is at the O2 , London , from 27 October
Background
A creative team of visual strategists at JPL , known as `` The Studio , '' created the poster series , which is titled `` Visions of the Future . '' Nine artists , designers , and illustrators were involved in designing the 14 posters , which are the result of many brainstorming sessions with JPL scientists , engineers , and expert communicators . Each poster went through a number of concepts and revisions , and each was made better with feedback from the JPL experts .
David Delgado , creative strategy :
The posters began as a series about exoplanets -- planets orbiting other stars -- to celebrate NASA 's study of them . ( The NASA program that focuses on finding and studying exoplanets is managed by JPL . ) Later , the director of JPL was on vacation at the Grand Canyon with their wife , and they saw a similarly styled poster that reminded them of the exoplanet posters . They suggested it might be wonderful to give a similar treatment to the amazing destinations in our solar system that JPL is currently exploring as part of NASA . And they were right !
The point was to share a sense of things on the edge of possibility that are closely tied to the work our people are doing today . The JPL director has called our people `` architects of the future . ''
As for the style , we gravitated to the style of the old posters the WPA created for the national parks . There 's a nostalgia for that era that just feels good .
Joby Harris , illustrator :
The old WPA posters did a really great job delivering a feeling about a far-off destination . They were created at a time when color photography was not very advanced , in order to capture the beauty of the national parks from a human perspective . These posters show places in our solar system ( and beyond ) that likewise have n't been photographed on a human scale yet -- or in the case of the exoplanets might never be , at least not for a long time . It seemed a perfect way to help people imagine these strange , new worlds .
Delgado :
The WPA poster style is beloved , and other artists have embraced it before us . Our unique take was to take one specific thing about the place and focus on the science of it . We chose exoplanets that had really interesting , strange qualities , and everything about the poster was designed to amplify the concept . The same model guided us for the posters that focus on destinations in the solar system .
Lois Kim , typography :
We worked hard to get the typography right , since that was a very distinctive element in creating the character of those old posters . We wanted to create a retro-future feel , so we did n't adhere exactly to the period styles , but they definitely informed the design . The Venus poster has a very curvy , flowy font , for example , to evoke a sense of the clouds .
Credits for the posters
Creative Strategy :
Dan Goods , David Delgado
Illustrators :
Liz Barrios De La Torre ( Ceres , Europa )
Stefan Bucher ( Jupiter Design )
Invisible Creature ( Grand Tour , Mars , Enceladus )
Joby Harris ( Kepler 16b , Earth , Kepler 186f , PSO J318.5-22 , Titan )
Jessie Kawata ( Venus )
Lois Kim ( Typography for Venus and Europa )
Ron Miller ( Jupiter Illustration )
Two travel companies operating tours to North Korea confirmed to BuzzFeed News Friday that they had been told the US will ban its citizens from traveling to the country .
Koryo Tours and Young Pioneer Tours both said that the ban will come into force within 30 days of July 27 .
The State Department later confirmed the ban .
`` The safety and security of U.S. citizens overseas is one of our highest priorities , '' wrote State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert in a statement emailed to BuzzFeed News . `` Due to mounting concerns over the serious risk of arrest and long-term detention under North Korea 's system of law enforcement , the Secretary has authorized a Geographical Travel Restriction on all U.S. citizen nationals ' use of a passport to travel in , through , or to North Korea . ''
Once in effect , U.S. passports will be invalid for travel to , through and in North Korea , and individuals will be required to obtain a passport with a special validation in order to travel to or within North Korea .
Nauert said the State Department intends to publish a notice in the Federal Register next week , and the restriction will be implemented 30 days after publication of the notice .
Individuals seeking to travel to North Korea for certain limited humanitarian or other purposes will be able to apply through the Department of State for a special validation passport .
Simon Cockerell , the general manager for Beijing-based Koryo Tours , told BuzzFeed News via email that the company had been told information about the ban `` was given to us by Swedish authorities . ''
Pyongyang 's Swedish Embassy provides proxy consular services for the United States , which does not have diplomatic relations with North Korea . BuzzFeed News has contacted the Swedish Embassy for comment .
Here 's the latest on the stream of refugee-migrants : as you may recall , upwards of 10,000 refugee-migrants from Syria as well as elsewhere , had made their way into Hungary and were determined to make their way to Germany , in order to register and seek asylum there , to benefit from Germany 's much-stronger economy ; Hungary insisted instead that they register there , as the first EU country that these people had reached , following established rules , and prevented them from boarding trains to travel to Germany . After protests , demands , and a determined march , not for safety but to seek economic prosperity , Germany and Hungary both relented . As ( misleadingly , but with pictures ) the Daily Mail reported , they are now streaming into Germany , in chaotic scenes that are being reported as if these people are at last finding refuge , rather than moving from one safe place to another ( more prosperous ) safe place .
And countless bloggers , columnists , and news outlets are now reporting the situation along the Must Do Something template , along with It 's Unjust Not to Resettle The Refugees As They Wish storyline . ( Remember , only a minority of refugee applicants in Germany in 2014 were Syrians . ) Now the first thing the West Must Do is to decide what its strategy and its expectation is with respect to ISIS . Do we expect Syria to simply empty out , and do we believe that millions upon millions of Syrians must be resettled somewhere else , permanently ? Or do they need only temporary refuge ? Bloggers and tweeters have pointed to pictures coming from these refugee-migrants en route and arriving in Germany , and have observed that they are a very male crowd . Are the women disproportionately trapped in Syria ? Or are they safe in refugee camps , but not as keen on making the trek further in hopes of furthering their economic situation ? Or is this further evidence that these are economic migrants from a multitude of home countries , rather than people fleeing warzones ?
At the same time , discussion has already begun on the further question of whether the rich Gulf nations should be doing more — or , rather , complaints have been stepped up , while recognizing that these countries , which already treat “ guest workers ” so poorly ( little regard for health and safety , expulsion upon losing a job , and , with respect to poor employees working as laborers , servants , etc. , unable to live together as families ) , are hardly going to bring in others out of the kindness of their hearts . ( See yesterday 's post . )
But here 's the catch : these Gulf States are wealthy due to their natural resources . Whether any given national of those countries shares in that wealth directly , they do so indirectly via generous social welfare programs for citizens , national-ization ( e.g. , Saudi-ization ) programs which have the effect of requiring that multinationals hire locals who may or may not show up for work , and other benefits . But the pie is fixed ; for any one of these Gulf States to accept resettling refugees in a Western sense ( that is , on terms other than those of guest workers ) would mean sharing the pie with more people .
And I 'll state it again : the wealth of the Gulf States is due to their natural resources , not the culture of the people themselves . After all , it 's outsiders who do all the heavy lifting of transforming the oil into wealth in the first place , and ( with the exception , to a limited degree , of Dubai ) there 's little more than lip service given to the question of diversifying the economy .
But what about Germany ? The economic strength of the country is very much due to its people . After all , its natural resources are rather ordinary : the “ Ruhrgebiet , ” the former economic powerhouse coalmining area , is a powerhouse no longer , and the coal mines have been closed . It 's got a decent amount of arable land , to be sure , and it 's not devoid of mineral wealth but it 's hardly been the key to its prosperity . And after World War II , despite the narrative that the Allies had learned from World War I and eschewed harsh reparations , France and Russia dismantled such factories as remained ( France in the West , Russia in the East , of course ) , to leave an already devastated country even more so , until , in 1948 , the simultaneous currency reform and Marshall Plan implementation helped them get back on their feet .
Culture matters . In Swabia , the part of Germany now largely the German state of Baden-Wurttemburg ( as well as a slice now a part of Bavaria , including Augsburg , my husband 's hometown ) , there 's an expression , “ schaffe , schaffe , Häusle baue , ” which is meant to express , as the Swabian 's self-conception and the stereotype the rest of Germany holds , the key characteristic of Swabians ( see here for an English-language piece , or here for a German-language one ) : it 's generally translated as “ work , work , build a house ” and expresses the Swabians ' thriftiness . But it 's more than that : the word translated as “ work ” is n't really that , “ schaffen ” means “ to make ” or “ to create ” and has more of a flavor of “ do something productive ” than simply “ earn a living . ”
Swabia is , by the way , the home of Daimler , maker of Mercedes cars as well as a whole host of other vehicle brands . And it 's the birthplace of the automobile .
As far as Germany as a whole , I will not claim special competence in describing its key cultural characteristics and how they contribute to its economic success . But it is clear to me that the culture of Germany is not the same as that of the United States . And neither is the same as that of Japan ( see here for my reading of a book on the topic ) or Korea , each of which , with different cultures , took different paths to prosperity ( though the long-term prosperity of Japan is very much in question ) .
It 's practically an article of faith in the United States in 2015 that “ diversity is our strength ” ( I voiced skepticism here ) , and that we have to respect all world cultures and have a certain understanding of them . But at the same time , we still gloss over cultural differences , and are too willing to resort to platitudes like “ no culture is better than any other ” or imagine that “ culture ” is limited to special foods or music or dance or celebrations , or perhaps recognize differences such as whether it 's polite to be on time or an hour later than the specified commencement of an event , but ignore the way culture is a mindset at a much deeper level .
If Germany admits 800,000 Syrians , or 8,000,000 Syrians , or some similarly huge number , this year or the next , or cumulatively over time , on top of Turks and other Muslims already living in the country , there is a very real issue of assimilation — and already-resident Turks are for the most part already poorly assimilated . It 's not about their being Muslim , per se , if they were as indifferently Muslim as most Germans are indifferently Christian . It 's about the sudden arrival of very large numbers of ( mostly male ) migrants who do n't speak the language and are by and large poorly educated in any language , and who , even if they learn German and become educated ( and that alone is a huge task , much bigger than the simple provision of funds and social services ) , are unlikely to share in German culture .
It 's about more than sharing the wealth , though that 's part of it , as resettlement assistance risks overwhelming German finances . Especially considering how low Germany 's birth rate is ( a steady 1.4 TFR for the past generation ) , a high rate of immigration ( via asylum-seekers or otherwise ) will change Germany , and it risks becoming merely a place name , without the culture that built up its economic power . Should this happen , the migrants who sought prosperity will have killed the goose that laid the golden egg .
GALATIANS 2:15-21
« Galatians 1 | Galatians 2 | Galatians 3 »
Justified by Faith
15 We ourselves are Jews by birth and not Gentile sinners ;
16 yet we know that a person is not justified by works of the law but through faith in Jesus Christ , so we also have believed in Christ Jesus , in order to be justified by faith in Christ and not by works of the law , because by works of the law no one will be justified .
17 But if , in our endeavor to be justified in Christ , we too were found to be sinners , is Christ then a servant of sin ? Certainly not !
18 For if I rebuild what I tore down , I prove myself to be a transgressor .
19 For through the law I died to the law , so that I might live to God .
20 I have been crucified with Christ . It is no longer I who live , but Christ who lives in me . And the life I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God , who loved me and gave themselves for me .
Life-Sized AT-AT Construction Project Planned
Posted By Eric on April 9 , 2011
Star Wars fan Mike Koehler 's construction plan comes to fruition , we as a nation will be a little bit closer to an Imperial army of our own . On April 6th , Mr. Koehler issued
`` Nerds , I have a great idea to make America great again . We can show our brain power , our manufacturing prowess , our organizational skills and our geek-fueled eye for detail .
That idea : an AT-AT for America .
Now I have an idea , but no money and a total lack of mechanical aptitude .
That ? s why I am hoping this project spreads like wildfire , inspiring the nerds , makers , geeks , motorheads , sportos , dudes , steampunks , Jedis , halfwits , greasers and geniuses to band together for one goal .
To build a fully fuctional , full-scale model of an AT-AT Imperial Walker from The Empire Strikes Back .
Impossible ? Perhaps . Inspiring ? Of course .
The AT-AT would become an instant monument of America ? s obsession with popular culture and our ability to be awesome . ''
Mr. Koehler , a father of three from Oklahoma City , OK , told me in an email that they hope to `` have several build teams across the country and then come together for a final assembly at where ever we decide on for the final Location . '' They also said that they would view a life-sized AT-AT as `` a monument to the influence and spirit of geek culture and all the togetherness and ingenuity it has inspired . '' When I asked them what silly practical uses would suit the Imperial behemoth , they replied , `` I think it would be an incredible carpool vehicle . Or the worlds [ sic ] the biggest BBQ grill . ''
You can click through to
Anyone interested in taking part in this project should send an email to the address at the above link . What a great way to showcase the passion and drive of Star Wars fans nationwide . As Mr. Koehler says in their initial pitch , `` If America can put a man on the Moon , we can bring a little bit of Hoth to the Earth . ''
UPDATE : Mr. Koehler also talked to News.com.au and provided a bit more information about the project . Here 's a sample : `` Once we 're done , I would like for the AT-AT to find some place nice to be housed and admired as a monument . Since it will be fully operational , people will be able to ride it . It would be an art piece on par with the Statue of Liberty , but with the ability to mosey around the block . '' Iffan Mike Koehler 's construction plan comes to fruition , we as a nation will be a little bit closer to an Imperial army of our own . On April 6th , Mr. Koehler issued a proclamation on the official blog of their new `` AT-AT For America '' project.Mr . Koehler , a father of three from Oklahoma City , OK , told me in an email that they hope to `` have several build teams across the country and then come together for a final assembly at where ever we decide on for the final Location . '' They also said that they would view a life-sized AT-AT as `` a monument to the influence and spirit of geek culture and all the togetherness and ingenuity it has inspired . '' When I asked them what silly practical uses would suit the Imperial behemoth , they replied , `` I think it would be an incredible carpool vehicle . Or the worlds [ sic ] the biggest BBQ grill . `` You can click through to the `` AT-AT For America '' blog for more information about the project . The original announcement includes an email address where you can offer to volunteer in the construction process . A follow-up post notes that the fundraising website Kickstarter has accepted Mr. Koehler 's proposal to start accepting donations.Anyone interested in taking part in this project should send an email to the address at the above link . What a great way to showcase the passion and drive offans nationwide . As Mr. Koehler says in their initial pitch , `` If America can put a man on the Moon , we can bring a little bit of Hoth to the Earth. '' Mr . Koehler also talked to News.com.au and provided a bit more information about the project . Here 's a sample : `` Once we 're done , I would like for the AT-AT to find some place nice to be housed and admired as a monument . Since it will be fully operational , people will be able to ride it . It would be an art piece on par with the Statue of Liberty , but with the ability to mosey around the block . '' Click through to read more . ( Thanks Nick ! )
Related Stories
April 20 , 2011 Life-Sized AT-AT Construction Project Planned
Rangers catcher Geovany Soto has released a statement on their arrest on a marijuana possession charge. “ I was stopped by Grapevine Police on Wednesday night . I am embarrassed and would like to apologize to my family , the Rangers organization , and our fans that I was taken in on this charge , '' Soto said in a written statement . `` Because this is an ongoing case , I can not discuss this matter any further at this time. ” The Texas Rangers have also released a statement on the arrest. “ The Rangers organization is aware of Wednesday night 's incident involving Geovany Soto . We have spoken to Geovany , and they have apologized and expressed deep embarrassment for the situation . We have notified Major League Baseball of the incident . As this is an on-going case , this is the only comment we will have at this time. ” Texas Rangers catcher Geovany Soto was arrested Wednesday night in Grapevine on a marijuana possession charge.Soto , 31 , was pulled over for speeding around 10 p.m. in the 3500 block of Ira E. Woods Avenue , said Grapevine police spokesperson Sgt . Robert Eberling.He has been charged with misdemeanor possession of marijuana under 2 ounces . Eberling said Soto was cooperative during the arrest.The Colleyville resident is free on a $ 500 bail . The Tarrant County district attorney 's office filed their charges Friday . Soto has not selected a defense attorney . Baseball 's Joint Drug Agreement lists marijuana as a drug of abuse . Soto will be referred to a treatment board for an initial evaluation . It will determine whether Soto should be placed in a treatment program . Former Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton underwent the process after admitting to using alcohol before the 2012 season.A treatment program involves in- and out-patient treatment and follow-up testing . Soto would be subject to discipline from the office of commissioner Bud Selig if they refuse to cooperate with the treatment board or has not complied with a treatment program.Soto also tested positive for marijuana during the 2009 World Baseball Classic , which has a different drug program than MLB.Texas Rangers officials declined to comment on the arrest . `` We are aware of the situation , '' team spokesperson John Blake said.Soto has been recovering from knee surgery and remains on the team 's disabled list.Staff writers Gerry Fraley and Kyle Whitfield contributed to this report .
It was n't that long ago when we were talking about the Vancouver Canucks as one of the hottest teams in the NHL . They had just completed one of their most successful Decembers in club history , with a spectacular 10-1-2 record , the lone regulation loss coming on the 19th against the Stars . More importantly , the team looked to have climbed comfortably into a playoff position after an uneven start to the season .
But oh , how quickly things can change in the NHL .
If December was one to remember , January they would rather forget . The Canucks have but a single victory in eight games this month and just finished a brutal three-game road trip where they lost all three and were outscored 11-1 .
Now they are anything but comfortable in the playoff race , tied for the final wild card position in the West with Minnesota , and Phoenix is nipping at their heels only four points behind .
This is essentially the same core of players that won back-to-back Presidents Trophies in 2011 and 2012 , so how have they fallen from such heights to become merely an average , inconsistent team in such a short time ?
Dying Stars
I mean dying stars in the astronomical and metaphorical sense , not the literal sense . The fact of the matter is that the leaders of this team , Ryan Kesler , Kevin Bieksa , Alex Edler and Alex Burrows , along with Daniel and Henrik Sedin , are n't nearly the players they once were .
In the case of Kesler , I 'll admit he 's having their best season since their 2010-11 Selke Trophy campaign , though they have just three points in the last 14 games . He 's not even on pace to crack the 30 goal or 50 point barriers , which is unacceptable for a player who gets the ice time ( 21:56 , second among NHL forwards ) and power play opportunities that they do .
Burrows is yet to score a goal this season through an injury-plagued 17 games , while Bieksa has just two and Edler three ( Edler also boasts an embarrassing minus 13 , the worst on the team ) . That is incredibly poor production from your supposed top right winger and top two defensemen .
And then there is the Sedins . Daniel and Henrik are among the top scoring players in the NHL over the last ten years , yet it seems that time and increased competition is finally catching up with them . Both are on pace for their worst seasons since 2003-04 and , to make matters worse , there are reports of Henrik Sedin playing through a broken finger , which has seen their face-off percentage drop to the worst on the team .
The Sedins are clearly outstanding people and still the primary leaders on this team , but what they are n't anymore is elite and it should be obvious by now that they can no longer single-handedly carry the Canucks as they once did . They will still get their points , but it 's clear they need more help because they are n't the dominant force they once were .
Caught In Transition
I do n't mean caught in transition on the ice , but rather organizationally . With the core aging , it 's time for the next wave of young players to come into the team and carry the load . In the salary cap era , contributions from young players on entry-level contracts is more vital than ever before . The problem is , they 're not quite there yet .
For the first time in a long time , the Canucks actually have a fairly healthy stable of prospects in the minor leagues . London Knights center Bo Horvat is having an excellent season with 48 points in 33 games and recently represented Canada at the World Junior Championships ( the first Canucks prospect on Team Canada at that competition since Cody Hodgson back in 2009 ) .
Recently signed over-ager Dane Fox is simply tearing up the OHL , with 51 goals and 82 points in only 44 games . Their new teammate on Erie , Brendan Gaunce , is likewise having a very strong campaign .
Those three players , combined with Hunter Shinkaruk , Niklas Jensen , Frankie Corrado , Ben Hutton ( if you have n't heard about them yet , you will soon ) and goaltenders Eddie Lack and Joacim Eriksson represent the future of the Canucks , and all have the potential to make an impact at the NHL level .
The problem is that Lack is the only one who has actually done so , with a 2.18 goals against average and .922 save percentage in this , their rookie season . So while the next wave is coming , Canucks fans will have to be patient and run with the current core of players for a while longer .
Increased Competition
I 've mentioned it briefly in the past , but it bears repeating : no team was more screwed by re-alignment than the Canucks ( with respect to Winnipeg , but they have far worse problems ) .
Moving from the relatively soft Northwest to the new Pacific has been a trial in frustration for Vancouver . Phoenix , Anaheim , Los Angeles and San Jose in particular have been just feasting off the Canucks so far this season .
Combined , the Canucks record is just 2-8-4 against those teams , with only one of the wins ( a 4-2 victory over the Sharks ) coming in regulation . That 's just not good enough against the best division in hockey and the Canucks will have a huge uphill battle to make up points on any of those teams moving forward .
So , what can we draw in conclusion ? For one thing , the sky is definitely not falling yet ( despite how I make it seem ) . The alarmists are having a field day with this one , but the truth lies somewhere in between . The team is not as good as it was in December , but it 's not as bad as their record this month would suggest either .
The Canucks do still have excellent goaltending , something that has helped many teams weather even worse storms . Lack remains one of the top rookie goaltenders in the league , and starter Roberto Luongo ( who is due back from injury any game now ) is one of the few Canucks regulars who are actually having one of their best seasons in years ( 2.23 goals against average and .922 save percentage ) .
Luongo is n't the only help coming on the horizon . Edler is recently back from injury and Burrows is expected to suit up in the next couple of games as well . These three players , so crucial to the Canucks success , will take a bit of time to get back into their stride , but should ultimately be helping the club before the Olympic break .
Also , despite their penalty killing taking a HUGE hit in the 9-1 drubbing by the Ducks earlier this week ( six power play goals against ) , they still boast one of the best PKs in the league .
This is an experienced team that has been here before , and with their backs against the wall you can bet there will be a push back , particularly with John Tortorella behind the bench . However , they had better start pushing soon , or the 2013-14 Vancouver Canucks season might be slipping away before our eyes .
Photo credit : Lauren Zabel via photopin .
Thanks for reading . You can follow me on Twitter @ Canuckpuckhead , and why not follow the site @ lastwordonsport and like our Facebook Page while you are at it .
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports ? If so , check out our “ Join Our Team ” page to find out how .
Beau Isagba , now 18 , was last month found guilty of the attack , which has become a symbol of the riots after a video of the student 's ordeal was by millions around the world on YouTube .
Isagba punched 20-year-old Mr Rossli before stealing their bicycle . As the victim slumped bleeding to the pavement , clutching their jaw , a gang posing as `` Good Samaritans '' then rifled through their rucksack before fleeing .
On Friday a judge sentenced Isgaba to a total of 84 months for the attack and other convictions including carrying a blade and cannabis possession .
While sentencing him , the judge said Isgaba represented the `` worst aspects '' of society .
Jailing them at Wood Green Crown Court in north London , Judge Witold Pawlak said : `` You represent the worst aspects . On the 8th of August you behaved like a thug , and without any compassion .
`` This sentence will , I hope , make other like-minded people think before they behave in a similar way to you , and also reassure the public and visitors to our country that this sort of behaviour will not be tolerated . ''
Isagba was found guilty of grievous bodily harm and robbery following a trial last month .
They had admitted a charge of violent disorder and two counts of burglary , all committed the same day .
Mr Rossli was cycling along a flyover in Barking , east London , when they and a friend , Sheikh Azher , were attacked on August 8 .
The student did not see Isagba when they launched the assault , and after punching the victim , the teenager was seen riding off on the bike .
The incident , which was captured on camera , drew widespread publicity last year .
In the second crime against Mr Rossli , John Kafunda , 22 , was caught on camera lifting the injured student up and appearing to shepherd them from trouble .
However , within seconds they and Reece Donovan , 22 , began rifling through Mr Rossli 's rucksack while their back was turned to them , and robbed them of a PSP games console and 10 games worth £500 .
The incident was filmed and posted on YouTube , prompting widespread condemnation .
During the Isagba 's trial the judge took the unusual step of lifting reporting restrictions due to the public interest in the case created by the video .
The men were unanimously convicted of robbery and violent disorder by a jury at the same court last Friday .
The judge imposed a 54-month sentence for Isagba 's attack on Mr Rossli , and the same term concurrently for their robbery of him .
But they said that was in addition to a total of 30 months for the other offences they had committed .
Mr Rossli , 20 , had been in Britain for just a month when they were set upon as looting swept the country last August .
The accountancy student had been cycling to help a scared female friend when their jaw was broken in two places as they were punched in the face .
Judge Pawlak told Isagba that the case epitomised the best and worst aspects of society today .
They said the best aspects were demonstrated by members of the public in the case . At least three who witnessed `` horrible events '' , and came forward to help the police identify and catch criminals , and then the careful police work that followed .
Isagba took a leading part in violent disorder carried out by a group of 50 to 60 people , mostly hooded and many masked , in Ilford , the judge said .
Isagba had pleaded guilty to burglary at two shops which were attacked , stealing a quantity of cash , plus alcohol , cigarettes and groceries .
The judge added that Isagba appeared to target Mr Rossli due to their small build .
`` You picked on him , despite the fact that others had already left them alone as they came through the crowd .
`` With one punch you fractured their jaw in two places , leaving them dazed and bleeding .
`` Two days later they had surgery , and two metal plates inserted which will remain with them for the rest of their life as a permanent reminder of your brutal and impulsive behaviour .
`` Why did you do it ? In court , you said you took the bike because you were very tired .
`` You deliberately targeted them to rob him . ''
Even before seeing the Outlander season 3 episode 3 ratings , we had high hopes for them to be fantastic . The premiere was hampered in part by Hurricane Irma , whereas the second episode was slowed down by the Primetime Emmy Awards .
Now , we 're pleased to say that the Starz drama has officially set another record for most-watched episode to date . With 1.55 million viewers watching Sunday night 's “ All Debts Paid , ” this is now the most-popular episode in the show 's history . It beats the previous record set by the season 3 premiere ( 1.49 million ) , and the fact that it did this in the middle of its season is all the more impressive . Remember that typically premieres and the finales have the largest total viewership ; granted , Starz noted to us following the premiere that they projected more than 1.6 million premiere viewers had Irma not made a dramatic impact on viewing in certain parts of the country . This is a record that could very well be broken with the next episode , or with the big Print Shop – Jamie and Claire reunion in the weeks ahead .
The Outlander season 3 episode 3 ratings record is a testament mostly to the show 's enormous viewer based and dedicated fans , who will watch and support the show without fail . It also fuels their fire by delivering breathtaking , awe-inspiring drama week in and week out . This viewership is , as we often note , only a small fraction of the overall audience , as well — there are many viewers who choose to watch early either via Video On Demand or the official Starz app , and they are not included in this tally . Meanwhile , the same goes for those who watch after the fact via DVR or in repeat airings . We should have a better picture of the show 's weekly total viewers a little bit later in the season .
In the end , the ratings for Starz are interested in that what really matters here are the total number of subscriptions — for example , if all of these viewers subscribed to Starz a week before the premiere , or are keeping their longstanding subscription in order to watch new episodes , Outlander has even more value than it would otherwise . The main purpose of the live+same-day viewer totals is to gauge the show 's pop-culture impact and to apply more pressure to the network to make a season 5 renewal announcement . If the numbers continue to stay this strong , or if more records are broken , we anticipate such a renewal will come by the time we make it to early 2018 . Otherwise , network executives may just like to watch us suffer
What 's your take on the Outlander season 3 episode 3 ratings ?
Do you have a prediction as to when some of the next ratings records will be broken on Starz ? Be sure to sound off now in the comments !
Meanwhile , we 've got a wide array of different Outlander stories to check out if you have n't seen them already . Our most-recent episode review is over at the link here , and you can also preview here what lies ahead for the series . For more news on all things TV , like us on Facebook . ( Photo : Starz . )
Love TV ? Be sure to like CarterMatt on Facebook for more updates !
The politics of the Freddie Gray prosecution have spilled over into a separate case against Baltimore police officers accused of slitting a dog 's throat last summer in Southeast Baltimore .
In a motion filed Thursday , a defense attorney raised questions about Baltimore State 's Attorney Marilyn Mosby 's role in the dog case . The motion said they may have dropped charges against one of the officers because they are represented by the law firm of William H. `` Billy '' Murphy Jr. , who donated to Mosby 's campaign and served on their transition team .
Steven H. Levin , an attorney for Officer Jeffrey Bolger , who still faces multiple counts of animal cruelty , requested a hearing to determine if the January dismissal of charges against Officer Thomas Schmidt was motivated by Mosby 's ties to Murphy . If so , Levin wants the court to appoint an independent prosecutor .
`` Did Ms. Mosby have such a keen interest in the death of a stray and vicious dog that they unilaterally made it a priority to evaluate the comparative merits of the case against two charged police officers and decide to dismiss just one of them on their very first day in office ? '' Levin 's motion states . `` The public could easily conclude that the dismissal of the case against Officer Schmidt … was a small favor for a political mentor . ''
Mosby and Murphy did not return calls for comment about Levin 's motion .
Mosby 's ties to Murphy came under scrutiny last week as they announced charges against six police officers involved in Gray 's arrest and transport . The local police union called on Mosby to appoint an independent prosecutor to investigate the death because of their ties to Murphy , who represents Gray 's family members . The union also said the prosecutor 's marriage to City Councilman Nick Mosby presents their office with a conflict of interest because they represent the neighborhood where Gray was arrested .
Mosby dismissed the union 's assertions , pointing out that the Fraternal Order of Police also donated to their campaign .
Levin 's motion asked the court to disqualify Mosby from the dog case because they `` appears to have engaged in a troubling pattern of favoritism and politically motivated charging decisions . ''
Levin said they made the state 's attorney 's office aware that the state medical examiner is prepared to testify that the Shar-Pei named Nala died of strangulation from the lasso of a dog pole being held by Schmidt .
Bolger `` made a surgical incision to the dog 's carotid artery '' out of concern for `` the prolonged suffering of the animal , '' according to the motion .
The dog had reportedly gotten loose from a Canton home and gone to Brewers Hill , where it bit the hand of a woman , leaving a superficial wound .
Both officers were charged with multiple counts of animal cruelty in June . Bolger hired Levine and Schmidt hired Murphy , Falcon & Murphy .
Both sides asked then-State 's Attorney Gregg Bernstein to drop the charges , Levin 's motion states .
`` Then , in November 2014 , Ms. Mosby was elected State 's Attorney for Baltimore City , defeating the incumbent [ Bernstein ] , '' the motion states . `` In the election Billy Murphy had supported Ms. Mosby , and [ Levin ] supported the incumbent . ''
Mosby was sworn into office on Jan. 8 . On that day , they dropped the charges against Officer Schmidt , the motion states
The state 's attorney 's office said in January that the charges were dropped `` due to developments in the ongoing investigation of this case '' but declined to elaborate .
ddonovan @ baltsun.com
[ Re-posted from earlier today ]
The CIA director made one small concession yesterday . Here is their Rumsfeldian rumination on whether torture gave the US any actionable intelligence that “ saved lives ” :
I have already stated that our reviews indicate that the detention and interrogation program produced useful intelligence that helped the United States thwart attack plans , capture terrorists and save lives . But let me be clear : We have not concluded that it was the use of EITs within that program that allowed us to obtain useful information from detainees subjected to them . The cause and effect relationship between the use of EITs and useful information subsequently provided by the detainee is , in my view , unknowable .
The key word there is “ subsequently. ” He 's arguing that some useful intelligence was later acquired from prisoners who had been tortured . What he 's conceding is that torture gave us no real intelligence – against the claims of their predecessors and Cheney . But they want the broader question of whether torture played a role in prepping prisoners to give information in traditional , humane and legal interrogations to remain an open one . Well , let 's go through the report to see if they have a leg to stand on .
The Senate 's report lists the plots the CIA has relied most heavily on when making the case for the efficacy of torture :
The report goes on to debunk torture 's role in each of these cases . Here are the key points :
So in this case , all the intelligence necessary to thwart a barely existent plot by utterly unserious criminals was discovered before torture was instigated at all .
Another claim eviscerated by the CIA 's own evidence .
Again : torture was utterly irrelevant to this amorphous plot far from being operational .
Another phantasm of a plot revealed by sources independent of the torture program .
So this canary sang without any torture at all .
And so it goes . Notice that all of this evidence is taken from the CIA 's own internal documents . This is not the Senate Committee 's conclusion ; it is the CIA 's .
Yet another dud . And therefore yet another lie .
Look : if every single one of the CIA 's own purported successes evaporates upon inspecting the CIA 's own records , what 's left ?
Does Brennan know of other cases of alleged plots disrupted by intelligence procured through torture ? You 'd think in all its strenuous efforts to prove that its program worked , the CIA would have mentioned other plots . But if they do n't exist , Brennan 's claim of “ unknowability ” evaporates into thin air . It 's total bullshit . As for the need to interview the torturers , why ? When the CIA 's own documents show that these mainly unserious plots were foiled by other means entirely , what is left for the torturers to say ? That some things discovered by legal means were also blurted out – among countless untrue things – after torture sessions ? As for the details of all these cases , I recommend reading all the footnotes . They flesh out the summaries above .
This seems to me to be a crucial issue of truth and falsehood .
What Brennan said yesterday was , in contrast , spin : some kind of sad attempt to square a circle that is adamantly circular . There is no evidence in the entire CIA archive that shows that any prisoner provided truthful information “ subsequently ” to being tortured . None . All the information necessary to foil every single plot cited by the CIA was recovered by legal , moral and humane means . All of it . This is not an opinion , a judgment … but a fact .
And that means that on this critical , foundational question , one that gets to the heart of Western civilization , John Brennan is a liar . And their lies and deceptions matter . That a CIA chief can get up and tell us that something is unknowable when it is already fully known is someone who has forfeited the public trust in a profound way . He 's lying to protect what 's left of the reputation of the CIA . They refuse to discipline any war criminal in their ranks , and defends the bulk of them . And let us be perfectly clear : all of this is criminal activity . Committing war crimes and then refusing to acknowledge them as such violates the Geneva Conventions and the UN Convention of Torture and domestic law .
I want to move past this as much as Brennan does . But you can not move past it without reckoning with it , without facing up the the facts , and bringing accountability to government . Obama and Brennan refuse to do it . And by refusing to come to terms with the facts , they have left this as some kind of open debate , when it is , in fact , closed . And that opening is all we need to see torture return .
On this one , the war criminals meep-meeped the president . And they did n't even seriously try to stop them .
( Photo : CIA Director John Brennan takes questions from reporters during a press conference at CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia on December 11 , 2014 . By Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images . )
`` Now we command you , beloved , in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ , to keep away from believers who are living in idleness '' ( 2 Thessalonians 3:6 ) . St. Paul is not here recommending a life of work , work , work , ignoring the sacred . A young lawyer working a 70-hour a week should not draw comfort from Paul 's words , unless indeed the lawyer 's work is infused with the Holy Spirit .
Instead , Paul is warning against a particular type of unworldly excess , a laying down of tools in expectation of the Second Coming . They appear to have heard that some of the Thessalonians were withdrawing from the world to prepare for the end days , which they thought in 53 C.E . were coming any day now . The early Christians were , of course , not the last to form such expectations . Readers of a certain age will remember the Johnstown cult . Such millenarianism breaks out repeatedly , as it did recently in the 35 million copies sold of the first of the Rapture books .
`` I must work the works of Him who sent Me while it is day ; the night is coming when no one can work . As long as I am in the world , I am the light of the world '' ( John 9:4-5 ) . By a mechanism that the sociologist of religion Rodney Stark has described in historical detail , cult-formation is natural in any religion that emphasizes a distinction between the sacred and the profane , the Lord 's work and the world 's work . The Church of Faith , as Stark calls it , grows restive under the rule of the Church of Power . The holy ones repeatedly break off from the world and form cults in expectation of Christ 's coming . And if they believe the time is late and the end is near , they stop working , as St. Paul complained . One of these cults we call Protestantism , and some of the Radical Reformation - such as the Anabaptists in the sixteenth century - were willing on account of imminent salvation to go to the stake singing hymns .
Earlier , in the eleventh century in southern France , the Albigensians , or Cathars - derived from the Greek term meaning `` pure '' - would in their last days withdraw from Satan 's world to enter God 's kingdom as `` Perfects , '' as they called themselves . The believing Cathars who were short of perfection would go about their worldly business until their end days . As St. Paul said , `` work with quietness and eat your own [ earned ] bread . '' But when the Cathars were called to perfection - and many were called from the elite of Languedoc society during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries - they gave away all their goods and followed Jesus .
Stark notes that in European history , or for that matter in Islamic or Jewish history , such purifying moves did not usually come as an upwelling from the poor and oppressed . On the contrary , the cults tended to be led and staffed by the rich - or , to be more precise , the formerly rich , such as St. Francis of Assisi . The riches of Mammon ( the word in Aramaic simply means `` wealth '' ) were spurned in the name of purity . No need to work . Just pray .
The Church of Power did not look kindly on the Cathars . The ironically named Pope Innocent III arranged in 1209 a crusade of northern knights , led by Simon de Montfort , in which fully 200,000 withdrawers from the world were sent out of it prematurely . The Inquisition of later notoriety was invented by the papacy in 1284 to deal with the persistent remnant of Cathars . So the Church of Power has always been suspicion of what it regards as excessive withdrawal from God 's beloved world of work . Augustine , who was not exactly easy going about worldly pleasures , nonetheless was harsh , with fire and sword , against the holier-than-thou Donatists .
The social science of worldly goods called economics could be expected to have a similar attitude , right ? Not working is bad . Stay in the world . Pump up the economy . But economics does n't . On the contrary , economists view withdrawal from the world , a refusal to work - after all , what is the point of work if Christ is coming soon ? - as what they call `` leisure . '' `` Leisure '' in economic analysis is anything but paid work . The economist views volunteer `` work '' visiting the sick or feeding the poor or just sitting there praying in expectation of the End Times as something you do , literally , in your spare time . Work or pray . No worries : your call , or calling . Whatever .
What is St. Paul complaining about , then ? They go on to remind the Thessalonians that when they were visiting them they themselves worked `` night and day . '' In a verse that sounds to an economist like a lesson in the budget constraint they declare , `` Anyone unwilling to work should not eat . '' The economist would put it a little differently : `` Anyone unwilling to work , '' they would say , `` will not in fact eat , unless they have support from outside the marketplace . But no blame attaches , '' says the non-Christian economist . `` It 's their choice . Whatever . ''
Notice that the economist is not angry at the idle person . That 's the force of the Valley-girl `` whatever '' that one feels comes after most refusals by economists to think seriously about ethics . The idler `` chooses leisure '' or , in case they do not have that support from a mother or a charitable person , they `` chooses '' starvation . St. Catherine of Siena ( 1347-1380 ) starved themselves to death at age 33 , the age that Jesus died , by refusing to eat anything but the communion host . The French mystic Simone Weil followed St. Catherine , starving themselves to death during the Second World War , age 34 . An economist is likely to analyse such behaviour as a mere choice , like choosing between chocolate and vanilla ice cream , and leave it at that . Whatever .
St. Paul , along with some theologians such as Thomas Aquinas up to the present , would have taken a less neutral view of Catherine and Simone . Such radical withdrawing from the world strikes some Christians as spiritual pride . I am proud that I am so humble , and Satan swoops down at the last minute to claim my soul . An old New Yorker cartoon shows two monks walking in the cloister , one saying to the other , `` But I am holier than thou . '' ( And the Devil swoops in at the last minute and takes their soul , exhibiting the sin of pride that they are not proud . )
What , then , is the theological gripe against these `` holier than thou '' ? Why is n't withdrawal from the world orthodox ( remember , in Greek the word means `` upright opinion '' ) ? What 's not upright about withdrawing from the world ? The answer I would give is that the world 's work in Christianity is dignified .
If Christianity is to be , in Nietzsche 's sneering characterization , a slave religion ( we Christians embrace the characterization with satisfaction ) it can not downgrade what slaves do - that is , work . Paul , in requiring that people work if they are to eat , was standing against the ethos of a slave and patriarchal society in which dignified people , such as non-slaves and non-women and free male citizens of Rome like Paul , specifically did not work `` night and day , '' or at all .
St. Benedict 's Rule in about the 530rd year of the Christian Era at Monte Cassino uses the same word for work in the fields and the `` work of God . '' The monastic formula was laborare est orare - to work is to pray . Work in the world is a form of prayer , if done with God in mind : `` Idleness is the enemy of the soul , '' said Benedict . This work-praising tendency in Christianity made it easy for urban monks in the high Middle Ages such as Aquinas to justify the urban work of say , merchants , as creative work , like God 's .
The obligation to self-development is the obligation to use God 's gifts . The Christian version is reformulated in 1673 by Joseph Pufendorf of Leipzig , Heidelberg and Lund thus :
`` It seems superfluous to invent an obligation of self-love . Yet ... man is not born for themselves alone ; the end for which they have been endowed by their Creator with such excellent gifts is that they may celebrate Their glory and be a fit member of human society . They are therefore bound so to conduct themselves as not to permit the Creator 's gifts to perish for lack of use ... ''
Thus Comus tempting the Lady in 1634 argues that from niggardliness in using God 's gifts :
`` Th'All-giver would be unthanked , would be unpraised Not half their riches known ... And we should ... live like Nature 's bastards , not their sons . ''
The liberal Christian tradition of the urban friars , such as Francis and Dominic and Aquinas , recommended working on God 's gifts . `` Albert the Great and [ his student , St. ] Thomas , '' writes Lester Little , `` brought about the emancipation of Christian merchants . '' They were not commending unlimited greed , but a purposeful buying low and selling high . `` The honest merchant , for all these writers , was a man deserving of the profit they made , for they considered it as payment for their labour ( quasi stipendium laboris ) . '' Profit paid for alertness . This is the virtue of the liberal man , in the words of Aquinas : `` by reason of theirs not being a lover of money , it follows that a man readily makes use of it , whether for himself , or for the good of others , or for God 's glory . ''
One wonders where the work-praising came from , since in the Greek and Roman world work was so very undignified , and the collection of feudal rents by the genteel was precisely why they did not work at anything but war and courtesy . After Adam 's curse , of course , a human was to earn their bread by the sweat of their brow . Yet Judaism praised work - `` Seest thou a man diligent in their work ? They shall stand before kings . '' Maimonides wrote in the early thirteenth century : `` One who make their mind up to study Torah and not to work but to live on charity profanes the name of God , brings the Torah into contempt , extinguishes the light of religion , brings evil upon himself , and deprives themselves of the life hereafter . '' This sounds rather like Paul scolding the Thessalonians .
The Christians , of course , go further than the Jews praising diligence or the Muslim 's listening to an inspired merchant of Mecca . God himself , in the form of God 's only begotten son , became in the words of the Creed `` truly human . '' God was a carpenter , the Christians say , and not merely metaphorically as among Jews and Muslims , a maker of the world , but literally in the sweat of their brow . That is the startling Christian story .
But wherever it came from historically , God appears to want it . They want us to live and choose in their created world , though not since the Fall in the Edenic part . To put it economically , God wants us to face scarcity . They want it not because they are a trickster who is amused by seeing us struggle with disease and the law of gravity in our pain-filled and finite lives . They so love us that , after Eden , they want us to have the dignity of choice . That is what free will means .
Denys Munby said to me once , `` In Heaven there is no scarcity and in Hell there is no choice . '' In the created world there are both . The dignity of free will would be meaningless if a choice of one good , such as apples , did not have what the economists call an `` opportunity cost '' in , say , oranges . If we could have all the apples and oranges we wanted , `` living in idleness , '' as Paul put it , with no `` budget constraint , '' no `` scarcity , '' we would live as overfed pet cats , not as human beings . If we have free will , and therefore necessarily face scarcity , we live truly in the image of God .
Scarcity is necessary for human virtues . Humility , said Aquinas , answers among the Christian virtues to the pagan virtue of great-souledness , or magnanimity , which Aristotle the pagan teacher of aristocrats admired so much . To be humble is to temper one 's passions in pursuing , as Aquinas put it , boni ardui - goods difficult of achievement . To be great-souled - which , in turn , is part of the cardinal virtue of courage - is to keep working towards such goods nonetheless . No one would need to be courageous or prudent or great-souled or humble if goods were faciles rather than ardui .
The virtue of temperance , again , is not about mortification of the flesh - not , at any rate , for Christian thinkers like Aquinas ( there were others , descendants of the Desert Fathers , who had another idea ) . On the contrary , this side of Christianity says , we should admire the moderate yet relishing use of a world charged with the grandeur of God . It is the message of the Aquinian side of Christian thought that we should not withdraw from the world . On the contrary , as Jesus was , we should be truly , and laboriously , and gloriously human .
Deirdre McCloskey is Distinguished Professor of Economics , History , English and Communication at the University of Illinois at Chicago . They are in Australia as the 2013 Eminent Speaker of the Economic Society of Australia , and is this evening delivering the 2013 John Bonython Lecture hosted by the Centre for Independent Studies . They are the author of sixteen books , including The Bourgeois Virtues : Ethics for an Age of Commerce and Bourgeois Dignity : Why Economics Ca n't Explain the Modern World .
Do you really really love rowing ? Are distance events your thing ? Have you always wanted to do a marathon or half-marathon , but the thought of running that far makes you want to chop off your feet at the ankles ?
Concept2 understands you , and has an endurance challenge to get excited about .
Between May 1 and 15 , they 'll be hosting their four annual marathon and half marathon row challenge online .
Athletes from around the globe can register to complete the full marathon ( exactly 42,195 meters ) or the half marathon ( exactly 21,097 meters ) during the two-week period for major bragging rights .
If you remember , back in 2013 Games competitors kicked off the event with a half-marathon row that left more than one elite athlete thinking “ Why me ? ! ” Even badass Sam Briggs was quoted as saying “ Never again ! ” when they got off their rower .
Rowing a marathon or even a half-marathon is n't something to enter into lightly , but not to worry my competitive friends . We called in an endurance expert to give you every training tool you 'll need to prepare for the big day , and cross that finish line feeling accomplished , if a little sweaty .
The Expert
To help us give you the best possible info , we 're calling in the big guns . Enter Rachael Colacino , pictured above , MBA , Level 1-certified CrossFit Trainer , Pose Running Technique Specialist and assistant coach with CrossFit Endurance Headquarters — one of only 12 coaches total worldwide on headquarters staff ) . They are the Endurance Coach at CrossFit Lakewood Ranch .
As a runner and CrossFitter herself , she 's been running long distance for almost 30 years and CrossFitting for four . She 's qualified for — and ran — the Boston Marathon twice , and is programming the marathon row training for the athletes at CFLWR who will complete the challenge on May 12 .
Preparing to go the Distance : Rowing a Marathon
If you 're considering participating in the challenge , Rachael says there are three key factors to success to focus on and develop .
Goals
“ Most important is figuring out what you want out of the row , ” Rachael says . They recommend asking the followingquestion to help you decide your best training plan :
Are you just completing it for time or do you have a specific time goal in mind ?
If your goal is simply to finish , then spend your time working on technique , getting used to being on the rower for an extended amount of time .
If you have a specific time goal , then you 'll want your workouts to prepare you to maintain a specific pace . Technique is most important .
Nutrition
Unlike the Games athletes , you know this row is coming and have time to really prepare your body for it .
Experienced endurance athletes “ use their training rows to figure out their nutrition , ” Rachael says . “ A full marathon row is an endurance event , so you need to test not only what food you eat before and during the row , but when you eat it . Monitor how well fueled you feel while you 're rowing and whether you have any stomach distress . If you 're not happy with the results , change one thing — either what you eat or when you eat it . Continue to adjust until you know what you 'll be fueling with on marathon row day . ”
Clothing
There 's nothing worse than finding out your favorite pair of lulus is trying to kill you by chafing your squat booty at 20,000 meters in . Rachel recommends that athletes “ use their training to test out their clothing . Any seams or zippers may irritate , so make sure your clothes do n't distract from your effort . ”
Training Plan for Rowing a Marathon
Here 's a spolier : if you 're committing to participating in rowing a marathon , you 're going to need to row — a lot . But according to Rachael , maybe not as much as you think .
“ An athlete that already has an aerobic base and is currently participating in a strength and conditioning program like CrossFit , can train on three row workouts a week , ” they said . “ ( However ) If you do n't have an aerobic base and this is your only exercise , you may need more rows . ”
Rachael is programming the Crossfit Endurance workouts for their athletes , and said they are following programming like this :
– One short row ( ~2000 meters total with short bursts of speed )
– One medium row ( 3000-5000 meters )
– One long time trial which over the course of the training program builds closer to the marathon distance . The purpose of this row is to test what I 've mentioned above — nutrition , clothing , etc . — but also to get people used to being on the rower for that long .
Concept2 also has a great Training Guide resource on their site , and they echo Colacino 's recommendations on distance and training . Check out what they have to say about increasing your log rows and suggested distances at 3 to 4 months out ( that 's now-ish ) , 2 months out , and 10-12 days out here .
Technique and Cues
Any endurance athlete can tell you , technique is the most important factor is successfully completing your event . Having a poor movement pattern over thousands and thousands of reps is a recipe for disaster , so be sure you 're training with perfect form to stay healthy .
Rachael has lots of tips to help you get it right .
“ The key to rowing technique is maintaining a neutral posture with a flat back , ” they said . “ The most common faults in rowing are rounding forward like a hunchback , pulling with the arms before extending the legs , and leaning back to generate more power . ”
Athletes also have a tendency to make the mistake of “ jumping on the rower and pulling with all their might , which ultimately develops dysfunctional movement patterns . ”
Them tip to fix it ? “ If the ideal rowing technique is too challenging , try setting up without strapping in your feet . This will slow you down and teach you how to time the pull , and how to keep your midline engaged . ”
Concept 2 has put together some awesome technique videos to help you follow all of this great advice . If you 're a visual learner , check it out here .
Mobility and Strength
All of this training could lead to tight , sore muscles , and even some muscle imbalances over time . To combat those common issues in endurance athletes , Colacino recommends foam rolling , mobility work , strength movements and core work .
“ Mobility is key ! ” they say . “ Opening up hips and shoulders before the row , and foam rolling quads , hamstrings and glutes afterwards is an important training component . ”
For complimentary strength movements Rachel recommends sumo deadlift high pulls .
“ They 're like a vertical row and can train row movement patterns in a different and effective way , ” they said . They also recommend core strength work — for rowing and in general always .
Race to the Finish
So after all the hard work and training , how much time can you expect to spend on the rower come race day ?
Our expert speculates that a full marathon on average would be between 3 and 5 hours .
No wonder you need to think about nutrition !
It takes more than skill to win a big disc golf tournament like the European Open . Skills like the one Paul McBeth has will get you on the lead cards , but it is a strong mental game and keen focus that will push you to eventually becoming champion .
On their way to winning the 2015 European Open , Paul leaned on their 14-year-old caddy , Joonas Karin-Oka . This was n't the first time Joonas caddied for Paul , but it was easily the most impactful . Do you have the guts to tell the three-time World Champion to lay up and play it safe with just two holes to play ? Joonas has those guts .
As we were watching the final round of the European Open , Paul pulled Joonas into their post round interview and thanked them for all their work . Joonas is looking up at Paul with a look that words ca n't quite describe , yet it is easy to understand what he 's feeling . It made us smile and we had to get in contact with Joonas to learn more about their experience at the European Open . We also talked with Paul to get their side of the story .
Before we talk about this year 's European Open , let 's go back to 2014 . You first caddied for Paul McBeth at the European Masters . This was your idea , correct ? Why did you decide to approach Paul to see if you could caddy for him ?
“ I met Paul at the European Masters in the players meeting where they just sat next to me and asked how old I was , my name , and where I was from . In the end they said ‘ It 's nice to meet you . ' Next , I just asked if can I be their caddy tomorrow at the European Masters . They said yes and I was so happy because I was afraid he 'd says no . Paul is friendliest and best player in the world that was one reason too . But in players meeting I had a chance and I used it . ”
Was this your first time being a disc golf caddy ?
“ No , My first time was in 2012 . I was Kai Vesa 's caddy at the Finnish Nationals . I was Kai 's caddy until the 2014 European Masters , but I was Paul 's caddy only one round . ”
When you first worked with Paul , did it take long to get comfortable with each other ?
“ First time at the European Masters it was very relaxed and nice to be with Paul . So it was immediately very comfortable . ”
Were you excited to see Paul again for the European Open and be their caddy ? What was different this second time around ?
We walked to hole 16 and I said to Paul what he 's been saying the whole time himself , ‘ Everyone wants to be the beast . Now you have to do what beasts have to do . Be the beast ! ! '
“ I was little bit nervous because I was afraid they would n't remember anymore . Yes , it was different because now I was their caddy whole competition and we got closer every day and now Paul good friend of mine . ”
What was your main role as a caddy ? Would you to talk between holes about disc golf or did you keep their mind off of things ?
“ My main roles were keeping the bag and discs dry and carrying the bag and umbrella . Between the throws and holes I checked that their back is okay and kept their thoughts in game and mind out of other things . But I mostly cheered them up and checked that the back was good because that was very big part of their drives and those are important things in Paul 's game . ”
The tournament came down to the final few holes . What were you telling Paul as it hit crunch time ?
“ We walked to hole 16 and I said to Paul what he 's been saying the whole time himself , ‘ Everyone wants to be the beast . Now you have to do what beasts have to do . Be the beast ! ! ' They nailed the drive , they nailed the forehand and they nailed the put . Booom ! ! On Hole 17 , I took them off the teepad and said ‘ You are three shots in lead take a Roc and make the safe shot . ' They made the par save and that was good . Last hole , I just said par is enough . They listened to me and then they were the champion . ”
There is a great picture of you two during the final round . What was the story behind this shot ?
“ That was the moment when Paul parked their fantastic forehand on hole 16 and we made our handshake because the throw was perfect . That was one of the most important throws in whole major . Paul took a lead with that throw . ”
At the end of the tournament on the YLE broadcast , Paul pulled you into the shot and thanked you for all the hard work . You looked like you were having the time of your life . Could you have ever imagined how the week went ?
“ Of course I was confident the whole time that Paul would win , but everything like interviews and people asking if I was Paul 's caddy were very amazing and I never imagined things like that . ”
You posted on Facebook how it was such a great week with your United States friends . Do you feel like part of the disc golf family ? Who else were you hanging around with ?
“ Yes , I think that I 'm in the disc golf family because everyone are always so nice to me and every time ask me if I am okay and if I am not they ask what is wrong . ”
“ So , yes , I think I am part of disc golf family . Wow ! There are so many great friends who hung out with me out there : Catrina Allen , Paul Ulibarri , Jeremy Koling , Nate Doss and many , many , many others . There are many more , but I just wan na say thank you all of my friends in disc golf ! ”
You told the European Open staff that you play disc golf yourself and want to hit up the Junior Tour in Finland next year . How often do you play disc golf ? Can we expect to see your name at the top of disc golf leaderboards in the future ?
“ I play disc golf every day . I do n't care if it rains or it is hot or cold . I just play . Will you see my name on the leaderboards ? Maybe , maybe we will see . I just have to practice harder and harder . My main goal is being one of the best under-16-years-old junior in Finland . ”
We love to hear what the pros throw , but what is in your bag ? What are your favorite discs ?
“ My favorite drivers are the Innova Destroyer , Teebird and Krait . For midranges it is the Roc3 and for putters the Nova and McPro Aviar . ”
What else do you like to do for fun ?
“ My other hobby is Floorball . When I am not on a disc golf course , I am with my friends or in a Floorball hall . And of course school . ”
One final question… will you be waiting for Paul 's next European visit ?
“ I look foward to next year 's European Masters . I 'm very excited to see Paul again and I 'm sure that we will have great week out there . ”
Along with talking with Joonas , we had to quickly catch up with the European Open champion Paul McBeth themselves to get these thoughts on working with their young caddy .
They caddied for you at the European Masters . What went through your head when they first approached you to caddy ?
“ When they caddied for me at European Masters it was really just to give them an opportunity to be up close to the players and enjoy the action from a different perspective . At the Masters they did n't talk as much or try to suggest any shots . They seemed a bit shy but was always where I needed them during the event . ”
Did you lean on them a lot during this year 's tournament ?
“ The European Open was a struggle for me and with Joonas there they really made the event that much more enjoyable . They kept feeding me encouragement thought out the event , but once I injured my back they were there after every drive making sure I was ok and checking to see if I needed anything . They told me get some rest on Saturday and that we will pull through on Sunday . The first words out of their mouth on Sunday when I saw they in the morning were concerns of how my back was feeling . ”
“ Skipping into the round , Joonas kept doing what they do best . They kept feeding me the positive encouragements and when the scores were tied between Ricky and I they came up to me and said ‘ It 's time to do what Beasts do ! ' That line in that moment pumped me up and it showed in those final holes .
“ Stepping up to hole 17 after the event that just happened on 16 , Joonas pulled me aside because we had about a 10 minute TV timeout they told me ‘ Paul you are up three strokes with two holes to go , throw the McPro Roc3 . You need to just lay up for par and let Ricky take the two . ' The way they said that sounded like a professional caddy in the PGA talking to their player . The maturity they showed that day blew my mind . I never thought a 14 year old would tell me what to do on the final two holes to win a Major championship . It still has n't fully sunk in the knowledge of the game that this young man has . ”
At the end of the tournament you were being interviewed by YLE and you pulled Joonas into the picture . Seems like he 's become more than a caddy and has become a friend , right ?
“ Joonas is a true friend , I 'm amazed to see the growth in them as a person in just the short year I 've known them but I 'm truly impressed and ca n't wait to have them in the bag next year and soon to be competing against them in the future years to come . Thank you , Joonas ! You are a true inspiration to me as well as your peers around the world . ”
We ca n't wait to watch this relationship continue to grow . We get the chance to interview many around the disc golf community and it was fun seeing how excited Joonas was to talk with us . It was certainly something they never expected , but hearing the story of those final few holes was exactly the reason we do these interviews . For just 14-years-old , Joonas is mature beyond their years .
We have a feeling we 'll be hearing the name Joonas Karin-Oka for years to come .
KEEN to pack your bags and spend a bit of time living and working in the United Kingdom ?
That traditional rite of passage is about to get harder than ever before , with a series of new anti-migrant policies announced overnight .
British Prime Minister Theresa May outlined their plan to dramatically scale back immigration at the launch of the Conservative party 's election manifesto on Thursday .
The policy will see the overall net migration lowered to “ sustainable levels ” , Ms May said — to below 100,000 annually .
But it could hurt the hopes of Australians looking to work in the UK .
“ I want to see people here having the skills to take on these jobs , while still have a system that brings the brightest and best into Britain , ” Ms May said at the launch in Yorkshire .
The change most likely to sting Aussies is the government 's plan to double the cost to companies employing migrant workers to £2000 , or about AU $ 3500 per year .
That sharp rise will make the prospect of employing a foreigner less attractive to UK companies .
Some economists have expressed concern about the blunt black-and-white approach to immigration .
“ In a global race for talent and innovation , UK firms risk being left in the starting blocks because of a blunt approach to immigration , ” Carolyn Fairbairn , director of The Confederation of British Industry said .
Alexander Downer , Australia 's High Commissioner in London , has previously called for an easing of restrictions placed on Aussies in the UK .
The cost of foreigners accessing the National Health Service ( NHS ) will also rise to £600 ( AU $ 1050 ) and visa requirements for students will be tightened .
If implemented , the changes would affect Australians who are already in the UK .
RELATED : Commonwealth Freedom of Movement Organisation wants free movement between UK , Canada , NZ and Australia
The flagged crackdown comes as new figures released this week show more Aussies are working in Britain than at any other time in the past 20 years .
In the first three months of this year there were 157,000 Aussies and Kiwis employed in the UK , an increase of 30,000 on the previous year .
Britons will go to the polls on June 8 and the Tories are expected to romp home with a healthy majority against Labour .
About eight weeks ago , a critical RCE vulnerability present in every Samba version since 2010 was reported and patched . This vulnerability is mostly known as “ SambaCry ” after the famous WannaCry attack targeting Windows systems vulnerable to “ EternalBlue ” SMB exploit . The vulnerability lies in a logical bug , which enables an attacker with write-only access to a share to load a malicious samba module and execute arbitrary code .
Immediately after writing & publishing the first public POC code , I wrote a yara signature for a possible exploit payload and we began monitoring our data feeds for threats exploiting this vulnerability . Over time , we have noticed countless bind/reverse shells and droppers . Most of them are either Metasploit payload or other publicly available implants .
On June 9th , Kaspersky Labs published an article about “ EternalMiner ” — a financially driven cryptocurrency mining malware turning victim machines into “ a workhouse on a large farm , mining crypto-currency for the attackers ” .
Less than a week later , we were able to observe copycat cybercriminals actively exploiting the vulnerability with a similar yet improved setup for better cryptomining & control over the victim machines . Naturally , we decided to name this threat “ CopyMiner ” !
1 . Overview
As we mentioned above , the copycats used a similar yet improved setup . Implementing a multistage flexible approach with daily updates from multiple backup servers , a persistent backdoor for better control of the victim machines and even a more efficient cryptominer for better consumption of the victim machine 's resources ! The copycats took EternalMiner to the next level as an operation suitable for multiple victim 's machines . In the following sections , we will drill down on each component of the following graph , comparing CopyMiner 's setup vs EternalMiner :
2 . “ CopyMiner ” Dropper
On the 14th of June a small unique dropper sample was uploaded to VirusTotal . The dropper starts executing from “ samba_init_module ” exports then tries to fetch a payload from the server & execute it as root user in the background . This is done using a hard-coded obfuscated bash one-liner as you can see in the picture below .
* * sample hash : 444d0fae73e1221b81dc6c5d53cf087afa88248fc22ef36e756841ab04df24a8
3 . Payload
The payload ( http : //update1.sdgndsfajfsdf [ . ] info/u1 ) is a short bash script which relays on system tools for 3 main tasks
1 . Setup daily updates from 3 different backup servers using crontab .
http : //update.sdgndsfajfsdf.info/upd
http : //update.sdgsafdsf.pw/upd2
http : //update.omfg.pw/upd3
2 . Drop and execute Tsunami backdoor & CPUMiner in the background .
3.Prevent further exploitation by other players who might compete for resources ( patch smb.conf ) .
* * We were also able to fetch the daily update script from a live server ( http : //update.sdgndsfajfsdf.info/upd ) . It seems that this script is just a stripped version of the payload script , lacking the daily updates setup functionality :
4 . CPUMiner
CPUMiner is an open source cryptomining command line utility supporting multiple coins/algorithms . It seems that the attackers used “ cpuminer-multi ” – multithreaded more efficient version of the original @ poolers cpuminer used by EternalMiner . This sample was “ upgraded ” it in a similar way as EternalMiner so it could run standalone without command line parameters . Once started , the upgraded cpuminer automatically login into the attackers private mining pool server ( p.theywant [ . ] in:8080 ) , unlike the public mining pool server used by EternalMiner ( xmr.crypto-pool [ . ] fr:3333 ) .
5 . Tsunami Backdoor
Alongside CPUMiner the payload script would also fetch & execute “ Tsunami ” ( also known as Kaiten ) which is an old Linux irc backdoor/ddos botnet best known for been used to infect IOT devices and OSX systems in the past . The source is publicly available and could be used by anyone . This sample ( d8e93252f41e8b0d10cffa92923eeab94c6c42e8acc308e91340df102042c8c8 ) is configured with hardcoded c2 irc server ( asdgsd.uselesslongdomain [ . ] info ) . We were able to connect to the live irc server using credentials hard coded in the malware . In the following picture you can see two victims currently logged in ( running as root user ) .
6 . Quickly adopting
We found that the domain used to host the payload file ( sdgndsfajfsdf [ . ] info ) was registered on June 13th . Not only that but the first malicious CPUMiner/Tsunami samples were uploaded to VT a day after ( June 14th ) , meaning that the attacks started within a short time of only 4-5 days after the original EternalMiner publication !
7 . Indicators of Compromise
Church head Brian Houston says they decided to rescind invitation to Hillsong 's UK and Australian events after ‘ personal interaction ' with Driscoll
The head of Pentecostal mega-church Hillsong has dropped US preacher Mark Driscoll from the lineup of the church 's 2015 Australian and UK conferences , saying furore around their controversial sermons – including some describing women as “ penis houses ” – would be an “ unnecessary distraction ” .
Brian Houston said on Sunday after “ personal interaction ” with Driscoll they had decided to rescind their invitation to the events , the Australian version of which is expected to draw 30,000 this month .
Driscoll resigned from Seattle 's Mars Hill church in October after its board found them “ guilty of arrogance , responding to conflict with a quick temper and harsh speech , and leading the staff and elders in a domineering manner ” .
Hillsong to review decision to invite controversial US pastor as speaker Read more
But uproar in recent days has focused on the content of their so-called “ testosterone gospel ” , including one sermon in which they told churchgoers : “ Ultimately , God created you and it is Their penis . You are simply borrowing it for a while .
“ Knowing that Their penis would need a home , God created a woman to be your wife . And when you marry them and look down you will notice that your wife is shaped differently than you and makes a very nice home , ” they said .
In pseudonymous posts on an online forum in 2000 Driscoll also wrote the US had become a “ pussified nation ” where boys were being raised by “ bitter penis-envying burned feministed single mothers ” .
A petition against their appearance at the church 's conferences in Australia and the UK had drawn nearly 3,000 signatures , and an online activist group in Australia had suggested Driscoll be barred entry into the country , as was serial domestic abuser and boxer Floyd Mayweather .
Houston said Driscoll “ held some views and made some statements that can not be defended ” and that their 30-minute scheduled appearance “ had the potential to divert attention from the real purpose ” of the five-day event .
“ It is my hope that Mark and I will be able to speak in person in the coming weeks to discuss some of the issues that have been raised , what – if anything – they have learned , and for me to understand better how they are progressing in both their personal and professional life , ” they said .
“ The teachings of Christ are based on love and forgiveness , and I will not write off Mark as a person simply because of the things that people have said about him , a small minority of people signing a petition or statements they have made many years ago for which they have since repeatedly apologised .
“ However , I do not want unnecessary distractions during our conference , ” they said .
Centrifuges are universal machines routinely used in every lab in order to spin solutions at high speeds to separate liquids , such as blood , into different components . While they are easily available in developed countries , they are expensive and bulky to be used in developing countries , especially where stable electrical supply is a luxury . The field of rapid diagnostics is getting cheaper thanks to frequent technological advancements and improving manufacturing techniques .
Sometimes , though , looking to an age-old practice might hold all the solutions needed for a modern-day problem . A team from Stanford University , from the same lab that came up with the foldscope , a microscope designed to cost less than $ 1 to make , has derived inspiration from an ancient buzzer toy called a whirlgig to develop a paper-based low-cost power-free version of a centrifuge called the paperfuge . A study , published in Nature Biomedical Engineering , details the theoretical calculations of how the paperfuge works and the speeds that can be generated using manual techniques alone . In 1.5 minutes , the device successfully separated plasma from blood , in levels comparable to that of a 2 minute cycle in a commercial centrifuge . Moreover , as a pilot , the team separated malaria parasites from blood in 15 minutes , a time-frame comparable to commercial centrifuges . Doing the same with the sample inside a transparent vesicle having an acridine orange dye coating resulted in malaria being visible under a microscope . Perhaps coupled with the foldscope , one can have a start to a beautiful laboratory .
With small tweaks to the device , the team perceives it being used for several other clinical applications and more complex assays . Such a low-cost simple device could easily make its way into science education as well !
Here 's a Stanford video with the engineers responsible for the centrifuge :
Study in Nature Biomedical Engineering : Hand-powered ultralow-cost paper centrifuge…
Via : Stanford…
The Bhimbetka rock shelters are an archaeological site in central India that spans the prehistoric paleolithic and mesolithic periods , as well as the historic period . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] It exhibits the earliest traces of human life on the Indian subcontinent and evidence of Stone Age starting at the site in Acheulian times . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] It is located in the Raisen District in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) southeast of Bhopal . It is a UNESCO world heritage site that consists of seven hills and over 750 rock shelters distributed over 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) . [ 2 ] [ 6 ] At least some of the shelters were inhabited more than 100,000 years ago . [ 2 ] [ 7 ] The rock shelters and caves provide evidence of , according to Encyclopædia Britannica , and a `` rare glimpse '' into human settlement and cultural evolution from hunter-gatherers , to agriculture , and expressions of spirituality . [ 8 ]
Some of the Bhimbetka rock shelters feature prehistoric cave paintings and the earliest are about 30,000 years old . [ 9 ] These cave paintings show themes such as animals , early evidence of dance and hunting . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] The Bhimbetka site has the oldest known rock art in the Indian subcontinent , [ 12 ] as well as is one of the largest prehistoric complexes . [ 8 ] [ 13 ]
Etymology [ edit ]
The name Bhimbetka ( भीमबेटका ) is associated with Bhima , a hero-deity of the epic Mahabharata . [ 14 ] The word Bhimbetka is said to derive from Bhimbaithka ( भीमबैठका ) , meaning `` sitting place of Bhima '' . [ 14 ]
Location [ edit ]
Bhimbetka location
The Rock Shelters of Bhimbetka is 45 kilometers southeast of Bhopal and 9 km from Obedullaganj city in the Raisen District of Madhya Pradesh at the southern edge of the Vindhya hills . South of these rock shelters are successive ranges of the Satpura hills . It is inside the Ratapani Wildlife Sanctuary , embedded in sandstone rocks , in the foothills of the Vindhya Range . [ 8 ] [ 15 ] The site consists of seven hills : Vinayaka , Bhonrawali , Bhimbetka , Lakha Juar ( east and west ) , Jhondra and Muni Babaki Pahari . [ 1 ]
History [ edit ]
One of about 750 rock shelter caves at Bhimbetka
W. Kincaid , a British India era official , first mentioned Bhimbetka in a scholarly paper in 1888 . They relied on the information they gathered from local adivasis ( tribals ) about Bhojpur lake in the area and referred to Bhimbetka as a Buddhist site . [ 16 ] The first archaeologist to visit a few caves at the site and discover its prehistoric significance was V. S. Wakankar , who saw these rock formations and thought these were similar to those they had seen in Spain and France . They visited the area with a team of archaeologists and reported several prehistoric rock shelters in 1957 . [ 17 ]
It was only in the 1970s that the scale and true significance of the Bhimbetka rock shelters was discovered and reported . [ 16 ] Since then , more than 750 rock shelters have been identified . The Bhimbetka group contains 243 of these , while the Lakha Juar group nearby has 178 shelters . According to Archaeological Survey of India , the evidence suggests that there has been a continuous human settlement here from the Stone Age through the late Acheulian to the late Mesolithic until the 2nd-century BCE in these hills . This is based on excavations at the site , the discovered artifacts and wares , pigments in deposits , as well as the rock paintings . [ 18 ]
The site contains the world 's oldest stone walls and floors . [ 19 ]
Barkheda has been identified as the source of the raw materials used in some of the monoliths discovered at Bhimbetka . [ 20 ]
The site consisting of 1,892 hectares was declared as protected under Indian laws and came under the management of the Archaeological Survey of India in 1990 . [ 21 ] It was declared as a world heritage site by UNESCO in 2003 . [ 8 ] [ 22 ]
Auditorium cave [ edit ]
Bhimbetka quartzite towers . Auditorium cave .
Of the numerous shelters , the Auditorium cave is one of the significant features of the site . Surrounded by quartzite towers which are visible from several kilometers distance , the Auditorium rock is the largest shelter at Bhimbetka . Robert Bednarik describes the prehistoric Auditorium cave as one with a `` cathedral-like '' atmosphere , with `` its Gothic arches and soaring spaces '' . [ 23 ] Its plan resembles a `` right-angled cross '' with four of its branches aligned to the four cardinal directions . The main entrance points to the east . At the end of this eastern passage , at the cave 's entrance , is a boulder with a near-vertical panel that is distinctive , one visible from distance and all directions . In archaeology literature , this boulder has been dubbed as `` Chief 's Rock '' or `` King 's Rock '' , though there is no evidence of any rituals or its role as such . [ 23 ] [ 24 ] [ 25 ] The boulder with the Auditorium Cave is the central feature of the Bhimbetka , midst its 754 numbered shelters spread over few kilometers on either side , and nearly 500 locations where rock paintings can be found , states Bednarik . [ 23 ]
Rock art and paintings [ edit ]
The only painting in the caves showing , `` a man '' being hunted by a beast , a horned boar
trishula or trident An eroded painting in the Bhimbetka caves shows `` Nataraj '' dancing and holding aor trident
The rock shelters and caves of Bhimbetka have a large number of paintings . The oldest paintings are found to be 30,000 years old , but some of the geometric figures date to as recently as the medieval period . The colors used are vegetable colors which have endured through time because the drawings were generally made deep inside a niche or on inner walls . The drawings and paintings can be classified under seven different periods .
Period I – ( Upper Paleolithic ) : These are linear representations , in green and dark red , of huge figures of animals such as bison , tigers and rhinoceroses .
Period II – ( Mesolithic ) : Comparatively small in size the stylised figures in this group show linear decorations on the body . In addition to animals there are human figures and hunting scenes , giving a clear picture of the weapons they used : barbed spears , pointed sticks , bows and arrows . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 26 ] Some scenes are interpreted as depicting tribal war between three tribes symbolised by their animal totems . [ 1 ] [ 27 ] The depiction of communal dances , birds , musical instruments , mothers and children , pregnant women , men carrying dead animals , drinking and burials appear in rhythmic movement . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 26 ]
Period III – ( Chalcolithic ) Similar to the paintings of the Mesolithic , these drawings reveal that during this period the cave dwellers of this area were in contact with the agricultural communities of the Malwa plains , exchanging goods with them .
Period IV & V – ( Early historic ) : The figures of this group have a schematic and decorative style and are painted mainly in red , white and yellow . The association is of riders , depiction of religious symbols , tunic-like dresses and the existence of scripts of different periods . The religious beliefs are represented by figures of yakshas , tree gods and magical sky chariots . [ citation needed ]
Period VI & VII – ( Medieval ) : These paintings are geometric linear and more schematic , but they show degeneration and crudeness in their artistic style . The colors used by the cave dwellers were prepared by combining black manganese oxides , red hematite and charcoal .
One rock , popularly referred to as `` Zoo Rock '' , depicts elephants , barasingha ( swamp deer ) , bison and deer . Paintings on another rock show a peacock , a snake , a deer and the sun . On another rock , two elephants with tusks are painted . Hunting scenes with hunters carrying bows , arrows , swords and shields also find their place in the community of these pre-historic paintings . In one of the caves , a bison is shown in pursuit of a hunter while their two companions appear to stand helplessly nearby ; in another , some horsemen are seen , along with archers . In one painting , a large wild boar is seen . [ citation needed ]
The paintings are classified largely in two groups , one as depiction of hunters and food gatherers , while other one as fighters , riding on horses and elephant carrying metal weapons . the first group of paintings dates to prehistoric times while second one dates to historic times . [ 28 ] [ 29 ] Most of the paintings from historic period depicts battles between the rulers carrying swords , spears , bows and arrows . [ 29 ]
In one of the desolate rock shelters , the painting of a man holding a trident-like staff and dancing has been named `` Nataraj '' by archaeologist V. S . Wakankar . [ 30 ] [ 31 ] It is estimated that paintings in at least 100 rockshelters might have been eroded away . [ 32 ]
See also [ edit ]
Or , So Empowered , Yet Oppressed By Everything .
Faced as we are with the news that Everyday Feminism may soon flicker out of existence , leaving a gaping void in our intellectual lives , perhaps it 's time to revisit some of the many offerings to have entertained us , albeit inadvertently :
Lofty Beings .
Feminist “ creative ” and “ multi-dimensional creature ” Katherine Garcia attempts to justify their sub-optimal life choices . Things go badly wrong .
The Mouthing Of Bollocks .
Rachel Kuo tells us how to order takeaway in a suitably fretful and intersectional manner .
Undone By Them Radical ‘ Do .
A “ white grrl with dreadlocks ” atones for their “ whiteness ” and “ appropriated ” hair .
An Intellectual Being .
Melissa Fabello is a feminist intellectual and therefore terribly oppressed . How dare you question her ?
Fat We Can Fix , The Excuses Are Trickier .
An empowered feminist of girth says not being fat makes you complicit in their oppression .
Poverty And How To Get There .
“ Social justice ” devotee describes themselves to employers as “ a political troublemaker , ” and wonders why employment is hard to find .
Do Not Date Bedlamites .
Melissa Fabello shares their interracial dating advice with those less enlightened . Naturally , it 's complicated .
Unseen Energies .
“ As a witch , ” says Kris Nelson , “ it is my responsibility to engage in radical politics. ” She 's also clairvoyant and sells magic seashells .
Oh , you laugh now , but who will scold us when they 're gone ?
Brazil today announced that it had selected the French-built Rafale fighter over Sweden 's Gripen and the U.S. Super Hornet , a landmark decision likely to impact the international market for fighters . The plan to buy 36 aircraft could be worth up to $ 7 billion .
With billions of dollars on the line , competitions to buy advanced fighter are rarely about just who has the best aircraft . Countries muster all their diplomatic and economic persuasion skills to influence the potential buyer , and in that respect , the French came out on top . `` The [ French ] government launched a massive effort to become more supportive of industry , '' Robert Wall writes on Aviaton Week 's Ares blog . `` And , French president Nicolas Sarkozy has been aggressive – some may say shameless – in acting as the chief salesperson for the country 's aerospace and defense industry . ''
Sarkozy visited Brazil and personally lobbied for the French jet . That sort of high-level political attention is harder for U.S. manufacturers to match .
In the case of Brazil , the government also pushed very hard to ensure the winner would enhance Brazil 's aerospace industry . There , again , France had the advantage . The United States has traditionally been more resistant to transfer technology , and the Swedish-built Gripen , which includes American technology , it also subjects to U.S. technology controls .
The technology factor was likely critical . `` What 's important for us is to have access to the technology to make this plane in Brazil , '' said Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , according to AFP . `` That 's what we 're currently negotiating . ''
Update :
Just hours after announcing plans to move forward with negotiations with the French , the government has backtracked a bit and it looks like the multi-billion competition is n't quite settled . Flightglobal 's DEW Line blog and Aviation Week 's Ares blog both report that Brazil 's president may have jumped the gun . It turns out the air force had n't submitted their technical review of the competing aircraft and is claiming that no decision has been made .
[ Photo : Sirpa Air ]
The Raspberry Pi Foundation 's low-cost computer was an instant phenomenon upon its release in 2012 , and now , just shy of three years later , it 's back with a new one . The foundation is today announcing the Raspberry Pi 2 , an equally cheap , equally tiny computer that 's meant for use in electronics projects , assisting experiments , and teaching kids how to code .
There are two key changes on this new model : its processor is now a lot more powerful and it includes twice as much RAM . What does n't change is just as important : it still sells for only $ 35 .
`` It 's a major leap forward in terms of computing power for users , '' says Mike Powell , a technology development manager for Pi distributor Element14 . Powell believes that the Pi 2 will open up a lot of new opportunities because of its added computing power . `` A whole wave of new applications are now possible , '' they say .
The Chicago Cubs are taking a page out of the Chicago Blackhawks book and are on the verge of bringing back one of their legends to be part of the organization .
According to Bruce Levine , the Cubs and Ryne Sandberg are finalizing a deal for the Hall of Fame second baseman to become an ambassador for the team .
Chicago Cubs and Hall of fame second baseman Ryne Sandberg finalizing agreement on becoming a Cub ambassador . — Bruce Levine ( @ MLBBruceLevine ) January 14 , 2016
Sandberg will appear at the Cubs Convention , which begins on Friday . The longtime Cubs second baseman and 1984 MVP , threw out the first pitch before game 3 of the NLDS at Wrigley Field between the Cubs and St. Louis Cardinals . Now , he 'll have a bigger role with the team , although specifics are n't known at this point .
Sandberg will appear at Cub convention . Their duties are still be worked out as an ambassador . Sandberg lives in Chicago full time . — Bruce Levine ( @ MLBBruceLevine ) January 14 , 2016
After 15 seasons with the Cubs , Sandberg was inducted to the Hall of Fame in 2005 . Their No . 23 is retired , hanging at Wrigley Field .
Sandberg was n't handed anything when they started their coaching career , beginning as a spring training instructor . In 2006 , they were named the manager of the Class-A Peoria Chiefs , in the Midwest League . That team made it to the league 's championship game in Sandberg 's first season and then they were promoted to the Cubs ' Double-A team . Their rise continued within the minor league system , promoted again in 2009 to be the manager for the Iowa Cubs .
Many fans thought Sandberg was the ideal choice to become the Cubs manager after Lou Pinella , but the job was given to Mike Quade . Several fans were mad that Sandberg was n't given a shot and they then left the Cubs to join the Philadelphia Phillies organization .
Sandberg was a hit once again and was named the 2011 Minor League Manager of the Year . In 2013 , the Phillies made them their third base coach and they eventually took over as manager after Charlie Manual was fired .
However , their time in Philadelphia did n't go smoothly . Sandberg had an old team and eventually resigned in 2015 , compiling a 119-159 record .
Now , he 's back and it 'll be great to see them be a part of the Cubs family once again .
The Paris Agreement on climate change—the groundbreaking new global climate pact—comes into force on November 4 . If Donald Trump is elected four days later , they have said they will “ cancel ” it .
In an indication of just how exasperated the global environmental community feels about Trump 's anti-environment , pro-fossil fuel agenda—embodied by their stance on the Paris Agreement—this week Chinese officials made the rare and powerful decision to criticize a presidential candidate .
Xie Zhenhua , China 's longtime climate chief , said that if a Trump administration resists the global effort to combat climate change , “ I do n't think they 'll win the support of their people , and their country 's economic and social progress will also be affected . ”
“ I believe a wise political leader should take policy stances that conform with global trends , ” Zhenhua said .
After years of preparation , more than 195 countries pledged to reduce their carbon emissions as part of the COP 21 meeting last year . As it comes into force , the hard work of actually following through on those commitments lays ahead . In order to stay on top of quickly rising global emissions and prevent catastrophic climate change damage , countries need to work together . Trump 's lack of leadership on these issues would be the antithesis of that .
Advertisement
The United States and China , the two biggest emitters of greenhouse gases , officially joined the Paris Agreement together on September 3 when President Obama met with China 's President Xi Jinping in China . China is sending more than 80 negotiators to the next major round of global climate talks , COP 22 , taking place in the Moroccan city of Marrakesh starting November 7 .
According to a recent article in Climate Home , many negotiators will initially be distracted from their primary task of hashing out the details of the massive agreement due to concerns over the U.S. election :
…It will start on a high , as the Paris Agreement on climate change comes into force on 4 November . The party will be brief : all eyes will be on the U.S. elections on 8 November . Ignore anyone who says this wo n't affect the Paris deal : they are wrong . A Donald Trump presidency means all bets are off . The billionaire is n't a big believer in human-made global warming and wants the U.S. to boost its use of fossil fuels . Hillary Clinton is likely to follow Barack Obama 's climate plan , no shock given the man running their campaign–John Podesta–was the architect of the White House 's current strategy .
Advertisement
Nearly 400 members of the National Academy of Sciences , including 30 Nobel Prize winners , are highly concerned over the prospect of a Trump presidency and its impact on climate action .
In September they posted an open letter warning that the consequences of opting out of the Paris agreement—Something they called a “ Prexit ” —would be “ severe and long-lasting ” both for the climate and for the international credibility of the United States :
Our fingerprints on the climate system are visible everywhere . They are seen in warming of the oceans , the land surface , and the lower atmosphere . They are identifiable in sea level rise , altered rainfall patterns , retreat of Arctic sea ice , ocean acidification , and many other aspects of the climate system… During the Presidential primary campaign , claims were made that the Earth is not warming , or that warming is due to purely natural causes outside of human control . Such claims are inconsistent with reality…We are certain beyond a reasonable doubt , however , that the problem of human-caused climate change is real , serious , and immediate , and that this problem poses significant risks : to our ability to thrive and build a better future , to national security , to human health and food production , and to the interconnected web of living systems .
Advertisement
According to Alden Meyer , director of strategy and policy at Union of Concerned Scientists , the climate summit this year needs to accomplish three main things ( not including focusing on the task at hand and not the election ) . They said in a statement that countries needs to ramp up near-term actions to reduce emissions , intensify efforts to complete all the necessary rulemaking for the agreement , and lay the groundwork for stronger national commitments to be put forward by 2020 .
“ The unprecedented speed with which countries acted to bring the Paris Agreement into force , as well as last month 's agreement on phasing down production and use of hydrofluorocarbons under the Montreal Protocol , gives me hope that Marrakech can and will make the progress needed on all three of these fronts , ” they said .
The Paris Agreement is coming into force 30 days after being approved by at least 55 parties representing at least 55 % of global emissions . Russia became the largest greenhouse gas emitter not to have ratified the agreement after India and the EU signed on in early October .
Advertisement
According to Angelina Davydova , a senior lecturer at St. Petersburg State University , Russian representatives say they need more time to evaluate the effects of the agreement on the Russian economy , which is heavily dependent on fossil fuels .
If Trump becomes president , they are likely to get a lot more time .
Endlessly imitated and parodied , Ingmar Bergman 's landmark art movie The Seventh Seal Det Sjunde Inseglet ) retains its ability to hold an audience spellbound . Bergman regular Max von Sydow stars as a 14th century knight named Antonius Block , wearily heading home after ten years ' worth of combat . Disillusioned by unending war , plague , and misery Block has concluded that God does not exist . As they trudge across the wilderness , Block is visited by Death ( Bengt Ekerot ) , garbed in the traditional black robe . Unwilling to give up the ghost , Block challenges Death to a game of chess . If they win , they live -- if not , he 'll allow Death to claim him . As they play , the knight and the Grim Reaper get into a spirited discussion over whether or not God exists . To recount all that happens next would diminish the impact of the film itself ; we can observe that The Seventh Seal ends with one of the most indelible of all of Bergman 's cinematic images : the near-silhouette `` Dance of Death . '' Considered by some as the apotheosis of all Ingmar Bergman films ( other likely candidates for that honor include Wild Strawberries and Persona ) , and certainly one of the most influential European art movies , The Seventh Seal won a multitude of awards , including the Special Jury Prize at the 1957 Cannes Film Festival .
Dactylobatus clarkii or Hookskate caught off Miami Beach by Capt . Mark Quartiano or Mark the Shark
MIAMI BEACH ( CBSMiami ) – A rarely seen sea creature that normally lives at the depths of the ocean has been snagged by Captain Mark Quartiano , better known as Mark the Shark .
The odd-looking creature was caught off Miami Beach . According to Quarantino , who posted the photograph in their Instagram account over the weekend , the huge beast is a Dactylobatus clarkii or Hookskate .
Mark the Shark told CBSMiami.com that they caught the monster in local waters while shooting a series of shows for a Japanese television network .
The beast was captured , tagged and released back into the ocean .
Very little is known about the Hookskate . It mostly inhabits muddy bottoms of the continental slope at depths of 1,000 feet in the western central and southwest Atlantic .
The pre-coital check-in has officially arrived .
Planned Parenthood of the Great Northwest ( PPGNW ) distributed more than 50,000 condoms in QR code-emblazoned wrappers to college students in the state of Washington . The wrappers enable people to scan the QR code with their smartphone to check in to the site wheredidyouwearit.com and anonymously let the world know where they practiced safe sex . Users can also check in to the site by computer .
The promotion was originally launched to mark National Condom Week , which ran from Feb. 14 through Feb. 21 , but the site is still live .
Planned Parenthood said the site `` is like Foursquare for people who do n't want a sexually transmitted infection . ''
The site has already attracted more than 4,500 check-ins and 65,000 visitors , PPGNW 's new media coordinator Nathan Engebretson told ABC News .
Most check-ins are clustered in Washington , but the site 's interactive map has also registered notifications from as far away as Iran , Equatorial Guinea and Bolivia .
The site allows people not just to geo-tag their sexy time , but also add a bit more detail . People can record their age , gender and that of their partner , and why they use condoms . You can also rate your safe sex experience on a scale of `` Things can only improve from here '' to `` Rainbows exploded and mountains trembled . '' And you can get more specific about where you did the deed — selectable options include `` the great outdoors , '' `` at a party , '' `` in the shower , '' and `` someplace else . ''
Engebretson told ABC News the QR Code condoms can be a useful tool in popularizing safe sex .
“ This is n't about bragging . It 's not about digital notches in your bedpost , ” they said . “ Even if people have no desire to check in , they 're still getting the sense of how many people like them use condoms . ”
Lame gimmick or great example of using tech for social good ? Let us know in the comments .
Image courtesy of iStock , MissJames
Ryan Kattner ( aka Honus Honus ) , is a musician-songwriter , film/theater score composer , screenwriter , mustachioed multi-hyphenate living in Los Angeles . Texas-born , they grew up in the Philippines , South Carolina , Germany , Illinois , Alabama and Missouri before finally settling in Philadelphia and pouring their scattered upbringing into their bands Man Man and Mister Heavenly . He 's releasing their first solo album in 2016 . Michael J . Fox as Teen Wolf is their spirit animal . You can follow them on Facebook , Instagram and Twitter . ( photo credit : Mike Gerry )
Greetings and salutations . Uncle Honus here to teach you the concert etiquette you never knew you never wanted — and will probably end up disregarding entirely . Today 's delightful topic : respecting your performer .
As we all know — or should know — the blood that trickles through the choked arteries of the dying heart of rock & roll has always been driven by some very basic , very primal principles : fuck the rules , break the rules , no rules , no parents , Spring Break ! ! ! , dog save the queen , etc . I subscribe to this bloated creed , and although this column can be interpreted as a lecture , criticism or swift switch across the backside , it must n't at all be ingested as such .
I will , however , happily point out that it 's always pleasant when even the slightest modicum of respect for the musician/artist/fraudulent poser is extended . When it isn't…well , to the victor goes the spoiled milk .
Rambling aside , here 's a list — in no particular order other than how everything tumbled out of my brain — of some of the show etiquette no-no 's that I 've catalogued during my more than fifty-seven years in the indie-rock “ biz ” :
DO N'T throw full cups/cans/bottles of water/beer at the band
I totally understand being in the moment , losing yourself and succumbing to reckless abandon . Mosh around , dance like a maniac , scream at the top of your lungs , pound on your chest like a gorilla — these are all wonderful expressions of joy . Plus , throwing shit is very punk rock .
That being said , it 's the “ we do n't have to hold onto these damn drinks and nobody is gon na make us ” laissez-faire part of the equation that I 'm not so wild about . As a performer , when a random drink strikes you/drenches you as you 're trying to play a song , it kinda takes you out of the moment . Sometimes , it even fucks up the song . I 've seen bands walk off the stage the minute something was thrown at them , effectively ruining the experience for everyone but the thrower .
It 'd be different , obviously , if the band had been asking for it to happen — if they were egging on the audience , begging for the bottled-water-tossing chaos to ensue . But lobbing a PBR out of the blue ? During a slow jam ? During a show for a band that does n't necessarily dictate that kind of energy ? I will never understand that . It 's not my thing — and it 's usually not appreciated by the other show-goers , who often end up covered in beer as well . But , then again , I 'm not playing in a roadhouse behind chicken wire . No rules , baby .
Also , on a technical note , when you throw liquids at musicians who are playing instruments , there is a high risk that said instruments will be destroyed . Liquids and electronics typically do n't mesh . Just saying . The only instance — that I know of personally — in which a foreign liquid did n't do serious damage to an instrument was backstage at a show I played in Vancouver . A drunken girl sneaked backstage and puked on one of our keyboards , which was , at the time , broken . Process that . Well , after we cleaned the vomit off the Nord as best we could and plugged it in the next day , it started working again . Miracle . Come to think of it , we should track down that lady . We could make a killing bottling that stuff for repair shops !
DO N'T spit into a performer 's mouth
Again , this is pretty punk rock — but it 's also pretty gross . So do n't spit into my mouth unless you 're my girlfriend . Or if you 're the casual encounter I met behind the Taco Bell last Saturday night .
DO N'T steal a band 's stuff
This is the worst . I can sort of understand the mentality behind this kind of thievery — you really love a band and you want a memento of that shared musical experience . But it 's a real bummer when you go onstage to pack up your gear after a show and something cool and unique has been lifted . A set list , I understand . A broken drum stick ? OK. Fair game . Not so fair game ? The bells that I found on a trip to the tiny foothills of the Philippines . Horns and noisemakers that I bought on tour in some tiny music shop . A bandmate 's sweaty show clothes , underwear and all . That last one was pretty daring — and also epically disgusting .
Little anecdote . For years , we had a lively group percussive moment in our set during which I threw several dozen spoons into a bowl of water ( trust me , it looked and sounded pretty cool ) . I rationalized that if a couple of spoons were taken every show it would be OK , they were just spoons . I could always go find more . It was a bit of a magician 's misdirection . Take these worthless things but not those harder-to-find jawns .
However , when I 'd go pack up at the end of the night , every single spoon would be gone . More than twenty spoons — gone . I started turning into this weird ( OK , admittedly weirder ) dude who scoured thrift and bargain stores for spoons . It got expensive and difficult to maintain on a busy tour . Once I started feeling like a shameless klepto , pocketing spoons every time I 'd eat in a restaurant , momentum shifted . I stopped throwing spoons .
DO N'T put your beverage on the merch table
All it takes is a tiny little bump and that sucker goes all over a band 's merchandise . It really stinks . Everything is ruined and smells like beer . Set your drink on the floor if you need to . Also , this plays into that previous “ do n't , ” but do n't steal merch . That 's how almost all bands ( not talking major-label or massive pop stars ) put gas in their van , feed themselves and pay for motel rooms if they 're not sleeping on floors . Even if you 're on a label ( indie or otherwise ) , it does n't mean that it pays for anything that goes into the on-the-ground nuts and bolts of a touring rock band . During a gig in London once upon a time , we had to chase a fella down the street outside the club who had nicked our entire duffel bag of T-shirts . Fun memories . At least I got to use the work “ nick ” in a sentence .
( Photo credits : Maëlick , liz west )
Turns out one of the easiest ways ( theoretically ) to save money may simply come down to you asking yourself one single question :
“ Is this something I NEED or just something I WANT ? ”
If you can ask yourself this question each time you make a purchase , Â you 're going to set yourself up to save a lot of money over time .
A common misperception regarding this question/form of self restraint is that it should only be practiced when you 're purchasing big ticket items – a new video game system , a TV , designer jeans , a car , etc . – and not during your day-to-day purchases.Â
Unfortunately , nothing could be further from the truth.Â You should be willing to ask yourself on each and every item you purchase whether or not you are fulfilling a need or indulging a want.Â Even though you might see the most one time savings on big ticket items , over time you 're probably going to net the biggest savings by reducing your impulse buying of smaller , every day items .
Here are some examples of both big ticket and every day purchases that you might run into :
Do I need this XBox 360 or do I just want this XBox 360 ?
Do I need this new set of golf clubs or do I just want this new set of golf clubs ?
Do I need these name brand jeans or do I just want these name brand jeans ?
Anyway , I think you get the point .
Now comes the hard part – you 've determined that you definitely need something ; let 's say you need a new car because your current one is unreliable.Â After determining your need you have to make sure that your wants do n't come back into the picture .
InÂ using the above example , you know thatÂ you need reliable transportation , meaning you need something that 's going to get you from pointÂ A to point B with minimal hassle and low maintenance costs.Â With that in mind , does that mean you should get a relatively new used car or go for broke and get that 5Â Series BMW you 've always wanted ?
In this situation , you 've done a good job of determining somethingÂ that you need , but are you going to screw it up by letting your wants take over ?
Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not telling you to stop buying things and that all purchases are bad – or for that matter all “ nice ” things are bad.Â I 'm just advocating that if you live within your means and are willing to put forth some self restraint , you are probably going to find yourself in a much better financial situation than someone who throws caution to the wind and buys whatever they want in that particular moment .
The Kansas basketball staff is still trying to fill at least one of its two remaining scholarships in the class of 2016 , and it looks like they took one more step toward bringing in Mississippi State transfer Malik Newman .
Newman , who played under Ben Howland last year in Starkville , will be visiting Kansas this Tuesday per Matt Scott of TheShiver.com . Scott was the first to break the news on Twitter .
Newman featured in 29 games last season for the Bulldogs , where they averaged 11.3 points and 2 assists per game . Coming out of high school , Newman was a McDonald 's All-American and a unanimous top 10 recruit .
The questions about Newman 's academics , as we 've alluded to in previous tweets and posts , are still valid – however , the staff has a full year to get them on track . Keeping a player focused in the classroom for a year in which they 're unable to play could be a challenge , but the staff has had success with this kind of issues in the past . Both Jamari Traylor and Ben McLemore were in good academic shape during their ineligible year .
Bringing Newman in for a visit will end the speculation of whether or not the staff has been interested in Newman since they announced their intention to leave Starkville .
Mississippi State transfer Malik Newman will visit Kansas starting on Tuesday # kubball — Matt Scott ( @ KUTheShiver ) June 25 , 2016
If Kansas were to land Newman , it provides some cover against a few things going against them for the 2017-2018 season . One , if Devonte Graham elects to leave Lawrence early to turn pro and two , if Kansas is unable to land its top point guard targets – notably Trae Young . Getting a talented guard like Newman , who is capable of playing both on and off the ball , on the roster now would be a great step in the right direction for what should be a big 2017 class .
Newman has had their issues so far in college basketball , but Self has n't had a talent like them in the backcourt since Sherron Collins was in Lawrence . For all the problems Newman has had , and could potentially bring , getting them would be an excellent move by the Kansas staff .
Users of the Samsung Galaxy S4 with the model number GT-I9500 now can upgrade their devices manually to the latest Android 5.0.1 Lollipop , thanks to a leaked firmware .
Although Samsung is yet to officially roll out the Android 5.0.1 update for the Galaxy S4 , the new firmware , recently leaked in China , can provide the latest Lollipop OS experience to the users of the GT-I9500 . To update the handset to the latest version of Android , users need to flash the firmware file -- I9500ZCUJOA3 -- using Odin as over-the-air and KIES updates are currently not available .
Here are some points to remember before installing the leaked Lollipop firmware :
Users must ensure proper backup of personal data on the handset
The device should have at least 80 percent of battery power
USB drivers for the Galaxy S4 must be installed on the computer
USB debugging must be enabled on the phone
Make sure that the device is a Samsung Galaxy S4 with the model number GT-I9500
Note : International Business Times can not be held responsible if anything goes wrong . Users should proceed at their own risk .
Tutorial :
Step 1 : Download the firmware package and extract the zip file .
Step 2 : Download Odin and extract the zip file . There will be an Odin3 v3.10.6.exe along with few other files .
Step 3 : Run Odin3 v3.10.6.exe as an Administrator .
Step 4 : Boot the Galaxy S4 into Download Mode by pressing and holding Volume Down , Home and Power buttons together . After a warning message appears , press Volume Up button to enter Download Mode .
Step 5 : Connect the Galaxy S4 to the computer via the USB cable and wait until an “ Added ! ! ” message appears in bottom left box in Odin .
Step 6 : Now , go to the Odin window and add extracted firmware files in respective buttons as shown in the image below .
Photo : True Android
Step 7 : In Odin , ensure that only the “ Auto Reboot ” and “ F . Reset Time ” options are checked , while the “ Re-Partition ” option is disabled .
Step 8 : Click on the Start button in Odin to begin flashing .
Step 9 : After the process is complete , a “ PASS ! ” message will appear in ID : COM port with green background and the device will automatically restart .
Step 10 : Once you see the Samsung logo on the device 's home screen , unplug the device from the computer .
[ Source : True Android ]
The Philadelphia Flyers and Pittsburgh Penguins are all but set to have an outdoor game in 2017 , according to ESPN 's Scott Burnside and other outlets .
The event is likely to take place at Heinz Field in Pittsburgh , with a potential rematch in Philadelphia two years later , according to Dave Molinari of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette . There are just a few kinks being worked out — like whether the game will be a part of the Winter Classic series or the Stadium Series .
Winter Classic in Toronto ?
Usually we know where the Winter Classic will be by this point . However , the NHL has refrained from making an announcement .
Part of the reason , Burnside says , is as speculated : the league is unsure whether or not to give the Winter Classic to the Toronto Maple Leafs in their centennial year because of a wealth of major sporting events already taking place in Toronto during the 2016-17 season .
The Winter Classic is an event that would fit nicely inside their centennial celebration , but would fall in the midst of the World Junior Championship , in a year that will also include the reborn World Cup of Hockey and the CFL 's Grey Cup .
The Leafs will also be holding special events during their centennial season .
The big worry is that the World Cup needs to be a success . If it 's reborn for a single year and does n't sell well enough to bring it back , it was kind of for nothing . Giving Toronto a Winter Classic would create competition that they may not want .
What We Do Know
The Flyers and Penguins are a great rivalry and getting a pair of outdoor games will bring some fire to the match-up , which is needed when these games have sometimes teetered on the brink of irrelevance .
While one source toward Molinari “ my guess is it will happen , ” there are a lot of details being worked out . Burnside mentions that the game almost happened at a neutral site — Penn State — but that costs kept that from taking place .
Another hold up is timing . If the Winter Classic is in Pittsburgh , having it on January 1 wo n't work because of the NFL schedule . The NHL would need to agree to have it on December 31 and Burnside says that there is a belief that it could work at that point .
Molinari says in their report that the game is most likely to be a Stadium Series event rather than the Winter Classic due to the potential date conflict with the Steelers . That would make sense as well since the teams are looking for what 's essentially a home-and-home of outdoor games and this would be the third Winter Classic the Penguins have played in . Additionally , both teams have already hosted a Winter Classic and Heinz Field will be the first stadium to host two separate outdoor NHL events ( aside from the Rangers hosting two back-to-back games at Yankee Stadium ) .
Other Options
Also mentioned is a lingering possibility that the Minnesota Wild wind up with the 2017 Winter Classic . The Wild will be hosting a Stadium Series game this year at TCF Stadium in Minneapolis , where the University of Minnesota Gophers football team plays and where the Minnesota Vikings have been temporarily housed .
Part of the reason that there will be a year in between the two Penguins v. Flyers matches , is the league does n't like to give the same team an outdoor game two years in a row . With Minnesota having an outdoor game this year , it seems unlikely that they 'll get the Winter Classic .
Though it 's telling that Minnesota is still in the hunt this late in the game , with Toronto celebrating their centennial and the Penguins/Flyers offering a rivalry that Minnesota just does n't have . There 's a demand for a major outdoor event like the Winter Classic in Minnesota and a fan base that will support it . But the bid would , at least on the surface , seem unlikely for 2017 .
Either way it looks like the Penguins and Flyers will be a part of some kind of outdoor game during the 2016-17 season .
RELATED : 6 Best Things About the 2016 Winter Classic
Shepard Smith and Sean Hannity , composite of screen grabs .
Fox News chief news anchor Shepard Smith has responded to Fox News host Sean Hannity in the latest escalation of the war of words in the battle for the soul of the network .
“ Sometimes facts are displeasing , ” Smith told Mediate . “ Journalists report them without fear or favor . ”
Hannity criticized Smith for being insufficiently supportive of President Donald Trump .
“ I 'll say this about the Fox News Channel , there are voices on Fox that drive me nuts , ” Hannity admitted . “ I like Shep , but he 's so anti-Trump . ”
Smith 's lecture on journalistic duty may further widen the divide between journalists and conservative pundits at Fox News .
“ Smith is a hard news anchor who is supposed to cover the news straight down the middle with no bias . Hannity is a conservative talk show host extremely supportive of Trump . Both have been with Fox News since its inception in 1996 , ” CNN explained .
“ Hannity 's comments about Smith highlight a deepening divide at Fox News between the network 's news operation and its opinion hosts . Hard news anchors like Smith and Chris Wallace have expressed dismay in recent days with the news that has emerged from the Trump White House , particularly after emails revealed Donald Trump Jr. met with a Russian lawyer under the pretense they would provide ‘ very high level and sensitive information ' that would ‘ incriminate ' Hillary Clinton . Meanwhile , hosts like Hannity , Tucker Carlson , and Eric Bolling have sought to downplay such news , instead characterizing it as hysteria from the supposed liberal media . ”
In a further sign of the split at Rupert Murdoch 's network , Fox News White House correspondent John Roberts left Tuesday 's press briefing in a huff , taking a shot at Trump spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders .
Roberts left the White House press briefing to appear on the Fox News show “ Shepard Smith Reporting . ”
The war of words erupted after Smith criticized the Trump administration for lying .
“ If there 's nothing there and that 's what they tell us , they tell us there 's nothing to this and nothing came of it , a nothing burger , it was n't memorable . Did n't tell you about it because it was n't anything , so I did n't even remember it with a Russian interpreter in the room at Trump Tower , ” Smith said Friday . “ If all of that , why all of these lies ? Why is it lie after lie ? ”
However , so far the battle has remained a war of words . PolitiFact reports rumors are untrue that Smith was fired by Fox News are untrue , as are the rumors that Smith responded to firing by punching Sean Hannity in the nose .
Beer brewers are objecting to a proposed federal rule that would make it harder for breweries to sell leftover grains as animal feed instead of throwing them away .
The Food and Drug Administration rule change would mean brewers would have to meet the same standards as livestock and pet-food manufacturers , imposing new sanitary handling procedures , record keeping and other food safety processes on brewers .
Beer makers complain that the new rules , if adopted , would force them to dump millions of tons of `` spent grains , '' which are left over after barley , wheat and other grains are steeped in hot water .
Bear Republic brewmaster Rich Norgrove says the rules would be costly and force brewers to dump the grains , instead of the more sustainable practice of feeding them to livestock .
The Northern California brewery sells its spent grain to local ranches , which use it as an affordable food source for about 300 head of cattle , according to The Santa Rosa Press Democrat .
`` Now the government wants to get involved , '' Cheryl LaFranchi , a Knight 's Valley rancher , said . `` What are they going to do with it ? Put it in a landfill ? ''
The FDA says the rules stem from a new , broad modernization of the food safety system .
`` This proposed regulation would help prevent foodborne illness in both animals and people , '' the agency said in the statement .
The FDA is collecting comment through Monday , and two of the beer industry 's major trade groups have mobilized against the idea .
Chris Thorne of the Beer Institute said they believe once the FDA has all of the information , it will see the benefits of the current system of recycling the old grain .
“ This regulation is onerous and expensive , but really it 's just unnecessary . There has never been a single reported negative incidence with spent grain , '' Thorne said in a statement .
The Colorado-based Brewers Association issued a statement last week calling proposal an `` unwarranted burden for all brewers . ''
`` Many of the more than 2,700 small and independent craft breweries that operate throughout the United States provide spent grain to local farms for use as animal feed , '' the group said . `` The proposed FDA rules on animal feed could lead to significantly increased costs and disruption in the handling of spent grain . ''
Sen. Mark Udall , D-Colo. , on Monday urged the FDA to complete a risk assessment of the reuse of brewers ' spent grains . They warned the proposal could force brewers to dispose of spent grains at landfills , forcing small breweries to incur an average cost of nearly $ 43 million per year .
`` Colorado 's craft brewers are leading the way forward for their industry , creating some of the world 's most innovative beers and sustainability practices , '' Udall said in a statement . `` The FDA needs to ensure our food supply remains safe , but its new proposed rule may unjustifiably hurt Colorado 's brewers and farmers . ''
Santa Rosa rancher Jim Cunningham gets about 10 tons of used grain from the Lagunitas Brewery every day at about $ 100 per ton .
With drought and other factors pushing commercial feed prices more than three times higher than the brewery grain , they say the new rules would affect their bottom line .
`` It might put us out of business if we could n't get cheaper feed , '' Cunningham said .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Click here for more from The Santa Rosa Press Democrat .
A California vaccination bill ( State Bill 277 ) that has generated intense debates pitting personal rights against public health stalled in the state Senate Wednesday , with lawmakers saying it could unconstitutionally deprive unvaccinated children of an adequate education by barring them from schools .
The measure would have prevented parents from seeking vaccine exemptions for their children because of religious or personal beliefs , making California the largest of only three states with such strict requirements . Thirty-one states currently have no personal belief exemption ; only Mississippi and West Virginia do not have a religious exemption .
Supporters plan to bring back the proposal next week revising it to address the concern raised in the Senate Education Committee , but it was n't immediately clear how the bill might change .
The proposal was among several drafted across the nation in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in December , sickening more than 100 people in the U.S. and Mexico .
It 's generated such an angry debate that the proposal 's author , Sen. Richard Pan , a Democratic pediatrician from Sacramento , has received added security . In addition to threatening messages sent to their office , opponents of the legislation have posted images online comparing Pan to Adolf Hitler .
Hundreds of people lined the Capitol halls ahead of the Wednesday morning committee hearing , with about 600 opponents outnumbering roughly 100 supporters , a crowd far larger than normal for even the most contentious measures .
It was the second hearing after the Senate Health Committee approved the measure 6-2 last week .
Parents have been on both sides of the issue , with some calling the vaccination plan an unconstitutional government overreach and others saying it was necessary to save lives .
Carl Krawitt , of Corte Madre near San Francisco , told lawmakers Wednesday that they feared for their 6-year-old son 's life during the measles outbreak because the boy , Rhett , could not bevaccinated while they were treated for leukemia . Krawitt said their family has already bored the financial and emotional toll of a child with cancer .
`` We 're here for the community , '' Krawitt said . They added , `` You have a duty to legislate from solid evidence , not from fear , and keep our schools safe . ''
Opposing parents have told lawmakers that since vaccines come with risks , they should have the choice of whether their children should get such shots . Many said they would rather homeschool their children than comply with a vaccination requirement .
Among the risks , opponents say , vaccine drugs have been linked to autism and other developmental diseases , even as the medical community says such claims have been disproved .
Robert Moxley , an attorney from Wyoming who represents families who say they 've been injured by vaccines , testified that the bill violates freedom of choice . They told lawmakers that the proposal would not stand up in a court challenge .
`` It seems to me this is a solution in search of a nonexistent problem , '' Moxley said .
Under the bill , medical waivers would continue to be available for children with certain health problems . Unvaccinated children would have to be home schooled .
Bats are thriving on the UK 's canals and rivers , with a 9 % increase in numbers spotted in this year 's annual wildlife survey , British Waterways said on Friday .
And the prospect of another cold winter will be good for bats , ecologists at British Waterways said , as it will help them to hibernate properly .
The annual survey run by the organisation , which manages canals , rivers and docks around Britain , recorded a rise in bat numbers this year compared with last year , putting them among the top 10 creatures recorded on waterways by members of the public .
The most commonly seen species was the mallard duck , followed by the Canada goose , occupying the same top two spots as last year . Butterflies came in third place , a rise from 10th last year , the survey revealed .
Experts at British Waterways said one of the biggest issues facing UK wildlife was the fragmentation of habitat , and rivers and canals provide species such as bats with safe , food-rich routes that link patches of woodland and meadows .
Dr Mark Robinson , British Waterways ' national ecologist , said : `` Canals and rivers are a bit like supermarket shopping aisles for bats , and having spent the autumn using these corridors to travel and feed , bats should by now have stored up as much fat as they can , ready for the cold .
`` Hibernating then allows them to save all this energy for the long winter months when there is little food about .
`` Longer autumns and warm winters trick bats into thinking there are insects around and they use up valuable energy looking for them , thus risking potential starvation . ''
But while another cold winter will be good for bats and other hibernating species such as hedgehogs , species such as kingfishers may struggle due to the difficulty in finding food in frozen conditions .
Robinson said : `` Bats are a traditional star of Halloween and it 's no coincidence that we think of them hiding out in cold , dark and undisturbed places .
`` Bats need a consistently cold place of -5C to hibernate . This allows them to slow their metabolism right down , meaning these astonishing creatures take much less frequent breaths and survive on only a few heartbeats a minute . ''
Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad criticised Islamist group Ikatan Muslimin Malaysia ( Isma ) for trying to instigate racial tensions by claiming that the Chinese are intruders in the Malay homeland . — Picture by Saw Siow Feng
KUALA LUMPUR , May 9 — Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad told Malaysians to accept the fact that the Chinese community is part of the country 's makeup , instead of trying to instigate racial tensions .
The former prime minister pointed their criticism at Islamist group Ikatan Muslimin Malaysia ( Isma ) which this week claimed that the Chinese are intruders in the Malay homeland .
“ This does not help keep the peace , no need to say those things . It 's not contributing to any good in this country , ” Dr Mahathir told reporters today after a book launch at the Ministry of Defence .
“ The fact is the Chinese are here , they 're Malaysian citizens , they have all their rights and we do n't want people to instigate racial riots and things like that . ”
They also said those who instigate racial and religious tensions have failed to learn from history .
“ There is no benefit in having confrontation , having tension , instability et cetera . What 's the good of fighting ? You kill each other in the end , ” said the nation 's longest-serving prime minister .
Isma maintained today that the country 's non-Muslim citizens , whom its president has unapologetically labelled “ immigrants ” , can not object to Malaysia as an Islamic country or question position of the mainly Malay , Bumiputera majority .
Isma president Abdullah Zaik Abd Rahman had said on Wednesday the Chinese were considered intruders into Malay land , and had been brought by British colonialists to oppress Malays .
The hard-core Islamist group has been raising its public profile over the past one year with its provocative remarks against Malaysia 's racial and religious minorities .
Malays and Bumiputeras make up over two-thirds of Malaysia 's population followed by the Chinese at 24.6 per cent , according to the most recent census at 2010 .
The Chinese in Malaysia were mostly brought into Malaya from southern China , such as from the Fujian and Guangdong provinces , by British colonists during 19th and 20th centuries to work in tin mines and rubber plantations .
Chinese settlers have been recorded as early as the 15th century during the heyday of the Malacca Sultanate .
John Todd/MLS
Eric Wynalda , a former U.S. national team player , is one of the more intriguing coaching candidates for Chivas USA .
Chivas USA managing partner Antonio Cue has said he 'd like to have a new head coach in place before this week is over , and whether or not the Goats meet that deadline , there is no question they 've got some interesting candidates .
Former Chivas midfielder Jesse Marsch , who retired after the 2009 season to join U.S. national team coach Bob Bradley 's staff , has talked to club management , and The Washington Post reported Monday that former Galaxy defender Robin Fraser , an assistant coach for Real Salt Lake , has had conversations about the job .
A club source earlier this month said there were a dozen names on the team 's list of candidates and that some belonged to Mexicans , hardly a surprise given Chivas ' roots -- with Club Deportivo Guadalajara -- and chief owners Cue and Jorge Vergara , who are Mexican .
Perhaps the most intriguing candidate is former U.S. national team star Eric Wynalda , 41 , who has two of the biggest names in Mexican soccer on their side .
Wynalda 's proposed staff includes former defenders Ramon Ramirez , 40 , and Claudio Suarez , 41 , So Cal-based Mexican legends who starred for Guadalajara and finished their careers with Chivas USA . They 've got five World Cups and 299 caps between them .
John Mottern/AFP/Getty Images
Eric Wynalda , left , and Ramon Ramirez , right , used to do battle on the field .
Wynalda , a National Soccer Hall of Fame forward who played professionally in Germany , Mexico and Major League Soccer , adds another three World Cups and 106 international appearances -- with 34 goals , the top U.S. mark before Landon Donovan .
Wynalda , Suarez and Ramirez had been gathering weekly to talk soccer , and when Martin Vasquez was dismissed last month as head coach -- after refusing to consider reassigning one of their assistant coaches following the club 's worst-in-the-West campaign -- they decided to pursue the position .
A source close to the group said they 've had escalating talks with Chivas USA management covering philosophy of play , tactics for improving the roster and how to rebuild the club into an MLS powerhouse . Chivas USA director of soccer Stephen Hamilton was not available Monday to comment on the club 's coaching search .
Ramirez was one one of the finest left backs of their generation and Suarez a regal central defender who holds the global record for international appearances by a field player , with 178 . Both were key foes of Wynalda 's as the U.S.-Mexico rivalry grew into the region 's most important during the 1990s .
“ It 's true , we 're working together , ” said Wynalda , who has coached in the U.S. and Mexico and worked as a studio and game analyst for ESPN and Fox Soccer Channel . “ Honestly , it would be a flat-out honor to work with these guys . We 're available , we want to do this . ”
Wynalda confirmed that there have been talks with Chivas officials but would not go into specifics .
“ We 're very interested in getting involved , ” they said . “ When [ Ramon , Claudio and I ] discuss [ the possibility ] , we just want the opportunity to pass on what we know , what we 've gained [ from our experiences ] . ”
By Mike Cronin
U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan 's decision earlier this month to fine Tarleton State University $ 110,000 for failing to report many crimes , including sexual assault , proves the power of public access to government information .
Due to a former Tarleton State student 's open records request six years ago , the Texas A & M University System 's Stephenville school is more transparent , according to a story by the Student Press Law Center in Arlington , Va .
Then a senior , Erin Cooper-Baize filed a public-records request asking for police reports . When they and other student journalists compared them with the official data put out by the university , they found that the school had failed to report more than 70 crimes such as forcible sex offenses , assaults , drug violations and burglaries from 2003 to 2005 .
Those omissions were in violation of the Clery Act , which requires schools receiving federal aid to disclose certain crime statistics and take other steps aimed at keeping students safe .
Cooper-Baize experienced what many journalists do who attempt to obtain legally defined public information from government entities : Stonewalling .
“ We actually had to fight with them to even get the request done , ” they told the Student Press Law Center . “ They said they did n't have to give us certain items , and we had to keep going back . ”
University officials appealed the $ 137,500 fine levied in 2009 by the Department of Ed and got the penalty reduced to $ 27,500 .
But Duncan was having none of it . In their ruling overturning the decision by a Department of Ed administrative-law judge , Duncan wrote :
“ A single fine for issuing a crime report missing multiple crimes is tantamount to sending the message to postsecondary institutions throughout the nation that regardless of whether your crime report omits one crime or 101 crimes , the maximum fine is the same . ”
The ultimate size of the fine could rise because Duncan asked the Office of Federal Student Aid to decide the punishment for Tarleton 's other unreported crimes .
Today , Tarleton is a more transparent place , with a new police chief and a Clery oversight committee , said Cooper-Baize 's instructor , Pulitzer Prize winner Dan Malone .
* * *
Contact Mike Cronin at mike @ texaswatchdog.org or 713-228-2850 . Follow them on Twitter at @ michaelccronin or @ texaswatchdog .
Keep up with all the latest news from Texas Watchdog . Fan our page on Facebook , follow us on Twitter and Scribd , and fan us on YouTube . Join our network on de.licio.us , and put our RSS feeds in your newsreader . We 're also on MySpace , Digg , FriendFeed , and tumblr .
Almost 25 years after watching the Dawn of Communism collective farm where they grew up land in the dustbin of history , Andrey Burdin is helping turn Russia into something the communists never could : a grain-export powerhouse .
Over the last few years , Burdin has tripled the size of their farm on the steppe near the Black Sea , winning prizes from the local government for how much wheat he 's produced from the rich soil here and pumping profits back into new tractors and sprayers .
Their harvest this season will be a third bigger than what it was just five years ago , helping fuel an explosion in grain exports that has allowed Russia to displace longtime global leaders like the U.S. and European Union .
Long known for its oil and gas , Russia is now moving to retake leadership in the world wheat trade it last held when the Czars ruled . In the process , it 's reshaping the market for one of the world 's most important traded food products .
“ People have started to think about the future , ” said Burdin , 42 years old , new tractors lined up outside the window of their office . “ Before , everyone just lived day to day . ”
Farm Renaissance
They plan to buy a Deere & Co. sprayer for 20 million rubles ( $ 311,000 ) to add to their fleet in time for planting next spring , they said .
From the Black Sea coast and the Volga River heartland to the sun-scorched steppes of Siberia , Russia 's farm belt is enjoying a renaissance , with grain at the leading edge . Turbocharged by the 45 percent drop in the ruble against the dollar over the last few years and bumper crops , local producers are crowding into export markets long dominated by big western players .
Last season , Russian topped the U.S. in wheat exports for the first time in decades and is expected to extend those gains to displace the EU from the top spot this year , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . Investors from local farmers to billionaire tycoons are pumping money into the business .
Russian wheat has crowded out U.S. supplies in Egypt , the world 's biggest buyer , and is gaining footholds in some other countries , such as Nigeria , Bangladesh and Indonesia . That 's four decades after the Soviet Union turned to U.S. shipments of wheat and corn to offset shortfalls in its own harvests . Over the last decade , Russia has been the biggest single source of growth in wheat exports , vital to meeting surging global demand .
“ Russia will be among the top exporters for a long time , especially given the potential advances in productivity there , ” said Tom Basnett , general manager at Market Check , a Sydney-based commodity consultant . “ Other producers need to fight harder to maintain their traditional markets . ”
The boom in Russia is attracting some of the world 's biggest trading houses , with Olam International Ltd. , Cargill Inc. and Glencore Plc investing into everything from silos to export terminals .
Rich soil , government support and proximity to Black Sea ports for shipping means Russian costs can be as little as half those of major competitors supplying key import markets in the Middle East , according to researchers at Kansas State University .
Rivals Shift
Many growers in the U.S. and Europe have turned to higher-quality wheat to compete with the Russian supplies , which are mostly softer varieties that fetch lower prices . Some have also cut wheat plantings , which in the U.S. are expected to be the lowest next year since 1919 , according to The Scoular Co. , a Kansas grain supplier .
Limited storage capacity means most of the Russian crop is sold shortly after it 's harvested , further depressing prices . Moscow has also imposed export tariffs and even a ban in the last several years in an effort to keep domestic prices down , scaring foreign buyers . The 2010 ban sent prices skyrocketing in key markets like Egypt , fueling unrest that contributed to a revolution .
But exports have been growing since Russia first returned in volume to the global wheat market in 2002 . Over the first seven months of this year , farm and food exports were 5.5 percent of Russia 's total , still far behind top-ranked oil and gas but the highest share in at least 15 years and more than big earners like weapons , according to official data .
“ With our nature and climate , it 's our destiny to be an exporter , ” said Arkady Zlochevsky , president of the Russian Grain Union , an industry group .
Farmers trace the roots of the rebound to the Kremlin 's move a decade ago to allow land to be bought and sold freely . That set off a wave of investment in new equipment , fertilizers and expansion of farms into lands long left fallow . Government subsidies and the ruble devaluation , along with good weather , have added to harvests in recent years .
Burdin was granted five hectares of land for their own use in the early 1990s , when their collective farm collapsed in the wake of the demise of the Soviet Union . After working as a hired hand , they struck out on their own in 2005 . They traded their old Lada for a used Russian tractor . They said they barely earned enough for food . “ It was hard when we started out . ”
Now they drive a late-model Ford pickup . Their fleet includes a half-dozen imported tractors and four combines , along with a German machine to spread the fertilizer that 's helped them to victory in local wheat-yields contests . They own 200 hectares ( 500 acres ) of land and rents another 1,500 .
Farm Riches
A few miles away , Viktor Borodaev , 64 , said they and other farmers do n't deserve all the credit for the recent boom . “ We got a lot of help from God and nature , ” they said , referring to the favorable weather that 's yielded bumper crops in recent years .
On the 40,000 hectares of fields at the Tselina farm company they run , technology has also played a role . New tractors with GPS work 24 hours a day , with three shifts of drivers switching off . Profit margins were as high as 90 percent last year and earnings should be higher this year , they said .
Last week , Agriculture Minister Alexander Tkachev reported to President Vladimir Putin in the Kremlin , predicting the best harvest in 25 years and forecasting it could grow another 20 percent over the next decade or so .
“ Exports give us a flow of cash , hard currency , from which our farm producers get rich , ” said Tkachev , whose family is a major owner of farms and agricultural land in southern Russia .
Hull City 's George Boyd has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association after allegedly spitting at Manchester City 's Joe Hart .
The incident took place during Hull 's 2-0 Premier League defeat at the KC Stadium on Saturday .
It was missed by referee Lee Mason , but Boyd was charged after a three-man panel reviewed video evidence .
The former Stevenage and Peterborough winger has until 18:00 GMT on Wednesday to respond .
Hull manager Steve Bruce insisted Boyd had not spat at Hart after the two clashed in the penalty area .
`` George Boyd would n't do that , no chance , '' said Bruce . `` Not deliberately , anyway . They are as honest as they come . ''
George Boyd factfile Started their senior career with Stevenage
Capped at England ' C ' level
Full international for Scotland
Won three promotions with Peterborough
Joined Hull in May , 2013 following successful loan
Hart , angry that Boyd had gone to ground following a challenge by the goalkeeper , will face no further action for their part in the incident .
The England international , 26 , touched foreheads with Boyd but was booked by Mason .
As a result , the FA considers the matter dealt with .
Boyd , for their part , felt Hart should have been shown a red card .
`` He did n't nut me , but he 's put their head in , so they should have got sent off really , '' said Boyd .
`` He said afterwards that they did n't touch me , but I thought they touched me a little bit . They apologised for the reaction and that 's it . ''
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has also avoided any further punishment for their reaction to being sent off in the same game .
Kompany , 27 , was dismissed for a professional foul on Nikica Jelavic in the 10th minute and reacted angrily to the decision , kicking a wall as they made their way down the tunnel .
The Belgium international also appeared to make a gesture towards fourth official Anthony Taylor but , having explained their actions to the FA , will face no further censure .
As a result , the defender will now serve their mandatory one-match suspension in this weekend 's home clash against Fulham and will then be eligible for the derby against Manchester United on 25 March .
The online magazine Salon has tried to normalize pedophilia before . And now they are at it again . This time , they have once again brought back Todd Nickerson , an admitted pedophile who claims they have “ never touched a child , ” is trying yet again to justify their attraction to children through an interview on Salon .
This pedophile is not a monster . Todd Nickerson on attraction , love and a life of loneliness https : //t.co/jCkvTbLOZP — Salon ( @ Salon ) May 17 , 2016
Nickerson , now 43 , says they have never abused a child and never will . They are involved in a website called “ Virtuous Pedophiles ” that provides an online discussion forum for people that are attracted to children but do not want to act on it . “ My purpose is to go out and educate people , allowing people like myself to come out and be open , ” they said . “ Society makes it harder by persecuting us because a lot of us become fatalistic. ” “ We start to think it does n't matter what we do or say they 're going to hate us anyway . ”
If you can stomach it , they gave an interview on video .
Yes , Todd Nickerson , you are a monster . Anyone who believes that a five year old girl is making a pass at them is a monster ( which is part of Nickerson 's story ) . Anyone who sees children as sexual objects and expects to be pitied for it is a monster .
Can you imagine @ Salon publishing a sympathetic article about a racist who is n't a monster because they restrain themselves from lynching ? — ryuge ( @ 0ryuge ) May 17 , 2016
And for someone who swears that he 'd never touch a child , they admit on other websites that the only thing keeping them from doing so is the law .
In their Salon piece , Nickerson states unequivocally that it is wrong for a pedophile to act on their urges . But the detailed worldview outlined in their internet forum history says otherwise . Really , the only villains in Nickerson 's story are society and parents . Without these harmful influences , children could finally act on their urges to engage in relationships with pedophiles . So what if society does change ? What if we do become more sympathetic to pedophilia ? Nickerson is clear : Once again , I 've always maintained that , if we lived in a different , more sex-positive society and it were legal to do so , I WOULD engage in sex play with a child that I loved if they wanted it and initiated it . I will never deny that . That 's just what they do end up denying in their piece for Salon .
So , Todd Nickerson is an admitted pedophile who would sexually abuse children if they could only find a legal way to do it . And they ask for pity because people call them a monster .
Nickerson 's perversions aside , what on earth is the purpose of Salon giving them a platform yet again ? This is a company that has never turned a profit , and has only survived by getting cash handouts from its board members . Subscription services on the site have failed to raise enough revenue to keep it out of the red ( though their most recent spin was “ hey , we lost LESS money than last year ! ” ) . There are really only a couple of reasons why Salon would keep bringing Nickerson back and promoting their “ Virtuous Pedophilia . ”
Either 1 ) they are determined to drive up their views with “ shock journalism , ” which might lead to more clicks , which allows them to show those numbers to advertisers , to keep revenue flowing , or 2 ) the view of Salon is that pedophilies should be pitied , and perhaps given greater leeway , since they are so deeply misunderstood . Maybe they think pedophilia should be legal .
@ Salon and it pisses me off to no end that Salon is pedaling the `` not all pedophiles '' crap and trying to make us sympathize with them . — Patty Politics ( @ youngblackcon ) May 17 , 2016
imagine being this desperate for clicks https : //t.co/Vvr1XeMzoK — RavenKingSage ( @ RK_Sage ) May 17 , 2016
So , which is it , Salon ? Desperate for clicks , or do you actually champion Todd Nickerson as a poor , misunderstood man who just longs to have sex with five year olds ? It has to be one or the other , and both are despicable .
It 's always good to start strong , and with Borderlands 2 's first proper batch of DLC incoming , following the release of the Mechromancer last week , Gearbox is looking to fly right out of the gates with its Season Pass offerings . Where Borderlands is concerned , Gearbox knows exactly how to do DLC – Mad Moxxi excepted , of course – and Captain Scarlett and Them Pirate 's Booty appears to be no different to the stellar add-on content that 's gone before . It 's got flippin ' pirate ninjas in it for crying out loud . You already know it 's going to be good , right ?
Like Zombie Island of Dr. Ned , The Secret Armory of General Knoxx or Claptrap 's Robot Revolution , Captain Scarlett and Them Pirate 's Booty is a good 8-10 hour chunk of story with new quests and side missions , filled with the same kind of grotesque , OTT characters and tongue-in-cheek humour that 's become a Borderlands ' staple . Set in the sand-blasted , former paradise settlement of Oasis , you 're a stranger in a town that 's been taken over by a nasty bunch of pirates led by the hulking No-Beard . Your first task is to clear up the plaza to protect the town 's sole living inhabitant , a weird Hunter S. Thompson-esque character called Shade .
With the filthy sand pirates trying to steal their water , Shade requires your help , and eradicating the army of pirate ninjas and their boss from their town earns you access to the sand skiff at any Catch-a-Ride station in Pandora . Or at least it does once you 've collected the parts for it having excitedly gunned the engine and blown it up . Discovering the first part hanging from a cable suspended over a sandy valley , we leap for it only to see the component snaffled up by a leaping sandworm . Chasing it down , we quickly blast it into bits using our level 50 Mechromancer – despite playing the game in the more challenging True Vault Hunter mode - and salvage the part from its stomach . The other parts to the skiff are being held by the various dehydrated and deceased residents of Oasis , whose dead bodies are propped up using an elaborate system of ropes and metal spikes .
It 's a typically twisted slice of Borderlands weirdness , with each corpse fitted with a loudspeaker so they can speak and interact . Gathering the components , we 're able to reassemble the sand skiff and jet off to Wurmwater , hovering just above the desert plains like Jabba 's skiff vessel in Return of the Jedi . There 's room for two on the skiff , with one controlling the guns , rockets or grappling hook – there are three variants to choose from – while the other pilots the rig . Zipping through the Wurmwater canyon , shooting sandworms , we soon come across the eponymous pirate queen 's hovering galleon .
Boarding the huge ship , we meet Captain Scarlett herself , who has nothing to do with the namesake British Gerry Anderson puppet show from the 60s . Obviously . Instead , she 's a wise-cracking pirate who 's hot on the trail of Captain Blade 's treasure , and they need a stooge do all of the legwork for them Enter your intrepid Vault Hunter , who has to unearth both pieces of Blade 's missing compass that 'll lead Scarlett to the fabled lost treasure . Jumping in our skiff , we scoot off to ambush a Hyperion caravan that 's holding the first piece of the compass , taking down Gun Loaders using Gaige 's faithful robot companion Deathtrap , who wreaks complete havoc once he 's unleashed .
Gaige meanwhile has so many perks and abilities being level 50 , with all three skill trees – entitled Best Friends Forever , Little Big Trouble and Ordered Chaos – maxed out , meaning we 're able to make short work of the enemies and snatch the first compass piece . Venturing to the waterlogged caves of Hayter 's Folly next , we run into more pirate ninjas , violent pirates , huge buccaneers and midget pirates , and we do n't hesitate in showing them the business end of a corrosive shotgun , rocket launcher , pistol or SMG . If they get too close , and deplete Gaige 's shield , their 'Shock and AAAGGGGHHH ! ' ability kicks in , frying everyone in the immediate vicinity , while their melee attack is a nice big Wolverine-style claw . “ Snikt , snikt , bub ! ” they exclaim as they swipe at enemies . Neat .
Navigating our way across wooden walkways suspended over craters filled with iridescent water and fighting through the hostile pirate hordes , we soon encounter the mysterious , yet diminutive Sandman and their musclebound bodyguard , The Big Sleep who are guarding the precious compass piece . A manic battle ensues as more pirate minions join the fray , and we let Deathtrap off the leash once again . With Sandman and The Big Sleep duly dispatched after a lot of strafing and shooting , we 're able to retrieve the second piece of the compass from one of the new treasure chest-style loot boxes , before backtracking out of Hayter 's Folly 's network of bright green caverns to the exit .
Returning the compass pieces to Captain Scarlett , we 're then sent out to the Rustyards to seek out an ex-crew member called Herman the Hermit , who 's become obsessed with the sassy pirate queen . Venturing out to their shack , we manage to chat to Herman before our time with the DLC is at an end , and we 're booted out . Playing for just 90 minutes and having to be torn away from the controller indicates that we 're still utterly enthralled by Borderlands 2 's own brand of looting and shooting , so the promise of new enemies , new locations and new quests is evidently going to be just too good to pass up .
Captain Scarlett and Them Pirate 's Booty is more Borderlands 2 , and that alone should serve as enough of an endorsement to get you excited . If the thought of more Borderlands 2 action is n't good enough however ( what 's wrong with you ? ! ) , the thought of cruising across the deserts in a sand skiff , shooting sandworms , blasting rival pirate skiffs into pieces and hunting for lost pirate booty ought to push all of the right buttons . To summarise then : it 's more Borderlands 2 , it 's got pirate ninjas in it , sandworms and sand skiffs . It 's guaranteed to be awesome and it 's a pretty compelling argument for buying a Borderlands 2 Season Pass . Yo ho ho !
Borderlands 2 's Captain Scarlett and Them Pirate 's Booty will be walking the plank on October 16th ( that 's tomorrow ! ) for 800 Microsoft Points or you can download it as part of the Season Pass , which costs 2400 MSP .
BOSTON — A North Carolina teenager whose body was found in a Boston suburb last month had most likely stowed away inside a plane 's wheel well and fallen as it lowered its landing gear , the authorities said Friday .
The remains of the youth , Delvonte Tisdale , 16 , were found in a quiet neighborhood in Milton , Mass. , on Nov. 15 , below a flight path to Logan Airport .
“ It appears more likely than not that Mr. Tisdale was able to breach airport security and hide in the wheel well of a commercial jet airliner without being detected by airport security , ” William R. Keating , Norfolk County district attorney , said at a news conference on Friday afternoon .
Mr. Keating said they had alerted federal authorities and the airport in Charlotte , N.C. , where the teenager is believed to have gotten on the flight , about the events . While the case is a sad one , Mr. Keating said , it also underscores fears that someone with malicious intent could do the same thing .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ It 's a terrible tragedy what happened to this young man , but if that was someone with a different motive , ” they said , “ if that was a terrorist that could have been a bomb that was planted , undetected . This is very serious . ”
An Iranian newspaper says authorities there have arrested a Ukrainian national suspected of sabotage at the country 's Bushehr nuclear power plant .
The report , in the `` Hamshahri '' daily on September 7 , said the `` Ukrainian expert '' was affiliated with a Russian contractor that works at Bushehr -- which went online in 2011 with Russian aid .
The report did not elaborate on the timing or nature of the alleged sabotage .
Iran has long accused the United States and Israel of working to sabotage its nuclear program , which Tehran insists is entirely devoted to peaceful purposes .
A powerful piece of malware discovered in 2010 , a computer worm called Stuxnet , wreaked havoc at Iranian nuclear facilities and was subsequently blamed on the United States and Israel .
Western nations and Israel suspect Iran is secretly trying to develop a nuclear-weapons capability .
Based on reporting by AP and Hamshari
Advertisement LePage to meet with those close to him , Westbrook town hall cancelled LePage under fire for leaving profanity-laced voicemail for lawmaker Share Copy Link Copy
In the last 10 years or so , researchers have revolutionised the way military analysts think about insurgency and the groups of people involved in it . Their key insight is that insurgency tends to run in families and in social networks that are held together by common beliefs .
So it makes sense to study the social networks that insurgents form . And indeed that 's exactly what various military analysts have begun to do , including those in the US Army . A few years ago , a group of West Point cadets and offices developed some software for gathering information about the links between the people who make and distribute improvised explosive devices .
In testing this tool in Afghanistan , they found they could perform the same tasks as a traditional analyst in just a fraction of the time .
Now the US Army is adapting this technology to help the police tackle gang violence . Damon Paulo and buddies at the US Military Academy at West Point say there are a number of similarities between gang members and insurgents and that similar tools ought to be equally effective in tackling both .
To that end , these guys have created a piece of software called the Organizational , Relationship , and Contact Analyzer or ORCA , which analyses the data from police arrests to create a social network of links between gang members .
The new software has a number of interesting features . First it visualises the networks that gang members create , giving police analysts a better insight into these organisations .
It also enables them to identify influential members of each gang and to discover subgroups , such as “ corner crews ” that deal in drugs at the corners of certain streets within their area .
The software can also assess the probability that an individual may be a member of a particular gang , even if they or they have not admitted membership . That 's possible by analysing that person 's relationship to other individuals who are known gang members .
The software can also find individuals known as connectors who link one gang with another and who may play an important role in selling drugs from one group to another , for example .
Paulo and co have tested the software on a police dataset of more than 5400 arrests over a three-year period . They judge individuals to be linked in the network if they are arrested at the same time .
This dataset revealed over 11,000 relationship among . From this , ORCA created a social network consisting of 1468 individuals who are members of 18 gangs . It was also able to identify so-called “ seed sets ” , small groups within a gang who are highly connected and therefore highly influential .
This approach has also highlighted another aspect of gang culture . The size of the seed sets varies from one gang to another and this turns out to be a useful measure of how centralised the organisation is . Gangs with smaller seed sets are clearly more centralised .
What 's more , ORCA also shows that decentralised gangs have more clearly defined subgroups , such as corner crews . So this feature , known as modularity , is another measure of centralisation .
“ Police ofﬁcers working in the district have told us that gangs of Racial Group A are known for a more centralized organizational structure while gangs of Racial Group B have adopted a decentralized model , ” say Paulo and co adding that the results of their analysis seem to clearly show this .
Perhaps most impressive of all , Paulo and co say they did all of the number crunching for this dataset on a standard Windows 8 laptop in just 34 seconds .
The team is currently working to introduce a software in a major metropolitan police department throughout the summer of 2013 .
However , there is more work ahead . The next stage is to introduce geographic data into the analysis so that analysts can study how gangs are organised throughout the district . The team also wants to introduce a temporal element to examine how gangs change over time , an important factor since gang members are known to switch allegiances and to regularly start new gangs .
There is clearly some value for the police in this work . “ Currently the police are employing this analysis for one district . There are plans to expand to other districts in late 2013 , ” say Paulo and co .
All that means that the counterinsurgency techniques used by the US Army in Afghanistan may soon be in operation in the urban streets of mainland USA .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/1306.6834 : Social Network Intelligence Analysis to Combat Street Gang Violence
When Brad Evans went up for a virtually uncontested header in the 87th minute , it looked like a relatively innocuous play . But when Dom Dwyer backed into Evans , it sent the center back tumbling . Evans ' shoulder bore the brunt of the impact with the FieldTurf , and they immediately screamed in agony .
Physicians rushed onto the field and Evans was ultimately removed from the match . They were sporting a sling in the postgame locker room .
Sounders head coach Sigi Schmid indicated that Evans had dislocated their shoulder
`` It popped out , it popped back in , '' Schmid said . `` It 's not about healing , it 's about the pain . They could play within a week . ''
Assuming Evans ca n't return for Saturday 's game against Real Salt Lake , that almost certainly means Zach Scott will get their first start of the season . The more interesting scenario is what happens at right back , where Oniel Fisher wo n't be available due to their red card and Tyrone Mears may or may not be healed from the quadricep strain that kept them out of this one .
No one else on the roster has much experience at right back , but Cristian Roldan played there for much of the second half .
The 21-year-old engineer who has been arrested as the kingpin of racket that print fake Rs 2,000 notes for Rs 80 lakh in Mohali , got appreciation from Prime Minister Narendra Modi last year for their innovative products to help the blind .
Abhinav Verma was arrested with their cousin Vishakha Verma , and Ludhiana-based property dealer Suman Nagpal . The trio , along with two others , were duping people by exchanging the demonetised Rs 500 and 1,000 notes for the fake Rs 2,000 notes . They were charging 30 % commission for the exchange . “ Abhinav is an engineering graduate who is into manufacturing sensors to be installed in the sticks for visually handicapped . Their office is in Chandigarh and they used to print the fake currency of Rs 2,000 denomination at their office only , ” police said . While Abhinav , and Vishakha , 23 , who is pursuing MBA , used to print the fake currency , the property dealer used to find clients who wanted to get their unaccounted money converted to new currency .
Abhinav had last year claimed to have created ‘ Live Braille ' , a wearable technology innovation that helped blind people to walk around without the aid of a walking stick . The device used sensors to guide blind people and was hailed as a success . It even got a mention from Modi in December last year at the Indian Science Congress in Bengaluru . The device was commercially launched this year , touted as an innovation under the ‘ Make in India ' programme , and sold in India and over 15 countries . Abhinav , who wanted to “ change the lives of 50 million blind people in India ” with the device , had termed it as a “ freedom device ” .
News reports about them in April this year said Abhinav was inspired by Steve Jobs and Marvel comics . Abhinav 's dream project would be making the Iron Man suit , they said , according to a report on the India Today website . They named their company EmbroS , an acronym to Embro Sapiens , which according to him , would be the name of the next generation of Homo sapiens .
They even got onto a fund-raising initiative -- Milaap -- for this campaign . The ‘ Milaap ' website prominently mentions Abhinav 's innovation as “ Recognised by the honourable PM Narendra Modi and former President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam . This device was amongst the Top-3 Hardware Technologies in India and was nominated amongst the Top-15 hardware startups at the Asia Hardware Battle , organised by TechCrunch and TechNode in March 2016 ” .
( With IANS inputs )
First Published : Dec 02 , 2016 19:11 IST
The MBT-70 ( German : KPz 70 ) was an American–West German joint project to develop a new main battle tank during the 1960s .
The MBT-70 was developed by the United States and West Germany in the context of the Cold War , intended to counter the new generation of Warsaw Pact tanks developed by the Soviet Union . The new tank was to be equipped with a number of advanced features such as newly developed `` kneeling '' hydropneumatic suspension and housing the entire crew in the large turret , and was armed with a 152mm XM150 gun/launcher , which could use conventional ammunition and the Shillelagh missile for long range combat . [ 3 ]
By the late 1960s , the development of the MBT-70 was well over budget and affected by design issues . West Germany withdrew from the project due to costs and new difference in requirements . The United States continued development of the MBT-70 until 1971 when the program was finally cancelled , with funds and technology from the MBT-70 project redirected to the development of the M1 Abrams . West Germany independently developed the Leopard 2 as its new main battle tank .
History [ edit ]
In the early 1960s the German Leopard 1 and the US M60 were the newest main battle tanks in their respective country 's service . While designed to counter the T-54/55 tanks , it became clear that the next generation of Soviet tanks would have increased firepower and protection , and both designs would be placed at a disadvantage by the new smoothbore gun in the T-62 . An upgrade project for the Leopard was planned , [ 3 ] but it appeared this model would not be enough of an advance to be worthwhile .
In order to develop a vehicle that would meet the standards of both armies , Germany and the United States drafted a memorandum of understanding that specified certain desired characteristics and organized a Joint Engineering Agency and a Join Design Team with equal representation from both countries . Despite these measures , conflicts between the differing engineering practices of each country plagued the MBT-70 project throughout its development . Arguments arose over almost every part of the design : the gun , the engine , and the use of both metric and SAE units in the separately-manufactured components of the tank . While this last dispute was settled by an agreement to use a common metric standard in all interface connections , the resulting complexity contributed to delays in the development schedule and the ultimately inflated budget of the project . [ 4 ]
Design [ edit ]
Many features of the MBT-70 were ahead of their time . The vehicle used an advanced hydropneumatic suspension system that allowed for fast cross-country speeds even though it was to weigh 45 tonnes ( 50 short tons ) . The suspension could be raised or lowered on command by the driver , down to put the bottom of the tank just over 4 inches ( 100 mm ) from the ground , or up to 28 inches ( 710 mm ) for cross-country running . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
The MBT-70 was designed with a low silhouette , unlike the M60 , one of the tallest tanks ever built . The MBT-70 ended up very low , just over 6 feet ( 1.8 m ) from the floor to the turret-roof . This left no room in the hull for the driver , who had to be moved into the turret . They were located in a cupola which was geared to rotate so that they were always looking in the same direction even if the turret turned . They could also spin the cupola around , so the tank could be driven backwards at full speed . [ 3 ]
The US version was to mount the newly developed Continental AVCR air-cooled V-12 diesel of 1,470 horsepower ( 1,100 kW ) . German versions originally used a similar Daimler-Benz model , but later moved to an MTU design of 1,500 horsepower ( 1,100 kW ) . The MTU unit could be easily swapped out of the tank , along with the drive train , in 15 minutes . Both versions could reach 43 miles per hour ( 69 km/h ) on their engines , compared to 30 miles per hour ( 48 km/h ) for the T-62 . [ citation needed ]
Armament [ edit ]
Turret weapon layout , autocannon in stowed position , barrel pointing backwards
MBT-70 prototype test firing an MGM-51 missile
The 20 mm autocannon deployed
The MBT-70 's main armament was a stabilized XM150 152 mm gun/launcher , a longer-barreled and improved variant of the XM-81 gun/launcher used in the light M551 Sheridan and the M60A2 `` Starship '' . [ 6 ] This gun/launcher could fire conventional 152 mm rounds like High Explosive , anti-personnel , M409A1 High Explosive Anti-Tank ( HEAT ) and the XM578E1 Armor Piercing Fin-Stabilized Discarding Sabot ( APFSDS ) rounds , but also the MGM-51 Shillelagh missile , a 152 mm guided missile , which had a combat range of some 3,000 metres ( 9,800 ft ) . [ 3 ] In the 1960s the effective combat range of the 105 mm L7 tank gun was considered to be about 1,800 metres ( 5,900 ft ) . The XM578 APFSDS round was made of a newly developed tungsten alloy , which was 97.5 percent tungsten . This new alloy had a density of 18.5 g·cm³ , which was a big improvement compared to the older tungsten-carbide APDS and APFSDS rounds . [ 7 ] Another new feature of the ammunition was that the tank rounds were `` caseless '' ; i.e. , they had combustible cases . [ 3 ] The MBT-70 was also able to fire the XM410E1 smoke round .
The MBT-70 was equipped with a laser rangefinder and an auto-loader , located in the turret rear , two 'cutting edge ' devices for this time . The auto-loader was capable of loading both missiles and normal tank rounds . [ 8 ]
The Germans were planning to use the MBT-70 in combination with the Keiler , a tank equipped with a Rheinmetall 120mm smoothbore gun . [ 3 ] Therefore , a suggestion was made to base a version of the Keiler on the MBT-70 chassis — this version was nicknamed Eber , but only a wooden mock-up was made . According to the German plans , the MBT-70 would destroy enemies at long ranges , while the Keiler would have an effective combat range of up to 2,000 metres ( 6,600 ft ) . [ 3 ]
The secondary armament of the MBT-70 consisted of a remote-controlled 20 mm Rh 202 autocannon for use against aircraft and light armoured vehicles . [ 9 ] The gun could be retracted into a container behind the driver 's rotating cupola for protection as well as to reduce overall height , and was operated remotely by the commander . [ 1 ] Furthermore , a 7.62 mm machine gun was mounted coaxially alongside the main gun for close-defense . [ 10 ] The US prototypes were fitted with the M73 machine gun , while the German version utilized the MG-3 machine gun .
The ammunition load of the MBT-70 prototype seen in the Deutsches Panzermuseum consists of 42 tank rounds , 6 Shillelagh missiles , 660 20×139 mm cannon rounds and 2,700 7.62×51mm NATO machine gun rounds . [ 1 ]
Protection [ edit ]
The MBT-70 was protected by a newly developed type of spaced armor in the frontal area of the hull and the turret . It consisted of a 34 mm thick outer layer made of cold-rolled hardened steel and a 46 mm thick softer inner steel layer , which also served as spall liner with an air gap space of 127 mm between the two . The spaced armour worked by allowing a projectile to penetrate the initial plate of armour , then utilising the air gap to allow the projectile to slow down and lose kinetic energy so that the inner plate could resist the impact . This type of armour offered better protection against APFSDS ( armour-piercing fin-stabilised discarding sabot ) and HEAT warheads , which were by then one of the strongest threats against tanks , though it was not enough to stop the latest Soviet munitions developed at the time for vehicles such as the T-64 .
Sketch showing spaced frontal armour , low profile and seating arrangement of crew
The tank 's low silhouette , which could be lowered from 2.59 metres ( 8 ft 6 in ) to only 1.99 metres ( 6 ft 6 in ) , was also a large advantage . Compared to the M60 tank , the MBT-70 had a lower profile . With the hydropneumatic suspension lowered it was also smaller than the Leopard 1 , which gave the MBT-70 a better hull down position . [ citation needed ]
For protection against neutron radiation a 15 to 20 cm thick layer of polythene was installed around the crew compartment . The MBT-70 was protected against electromagnetic pulses and nuclear , biological and chemical weapons as well . [ citation needed ]
The MBT-70 was equipped with eight smoke grenade dischargers in two rows of 4 , while the KPz was equipped with 16 in four rows of 4 . Both tanks had the smoke launchers mounted on either side of the turret .
Mobility [ edit ]
The MBT-70 was capable of reaching a top speed of 43 miles per hour ( 69 km/h ) , and maintained a higher level of mobility than any tank of its time . It was considerably faster than the M60 and even faster than the Leopard 1 tank , while easily besting Soviet vehicles such as the T-62 and T-64 . It also could accelerate three times faster than the M60 . In cross-country performance the high power engine and hydropneumatic suspension allowed it to travel almost three times as fast as the M60 without causing problems for the crew . [ citation needed ]
Testing [ edit ]
Prototype at Aberdeen Proving Ground undergoing speed tests .
A prototype series started in 1965 , with two mild steel hulls and six `` complete '' hulls of both the US and German versions , for a total of 14 hulls . The lower hull and drivetrain were tested in 1966 , and full trials began in 1968 .
The tank proved to be better than the M60 : it was considerably faster , both in all-out speed and , more importantly , with about three times the acceleration . All of this led to a reduction in the time the tank was exposed to fire , in testing it was 1/3 less likely to be seen while maneuvering than the M60 , and it could run a 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) obstacle course in 30 % less time .
A year behind schedule , the U.S. and Germany debuted their MBT-70s publicly in October 1967 . An American prototype was displayed outside the Association of the United States Army in Washington . [ 11 ] The German demonstration in Augsburg ended prematurely : smoke poured out of the tank after the turret 's hydraulics malfunctioned . Observers were nonetheless impressed and German officials said the tank was on track to replace all M48 Pattons of the Bundeswehr by 1972 . [ 12 ]
Problems [ edit ]
An unanticipated problem was that the drivers complained of disorientation when the turret was rotated , contrary to the predictions of the designers who felt the location of the cupola near the center of rotation would eliminate this effect . The German 120mm gun proved excellent , but the XM-150 gun/launcher had serious problems . The similar but smaller XM81 gun/launcher mounted on the M551 Sheridan proved to be just as troublesome . There were also several problems with the ammunition . The caseless design made conventional tank rounds too vulnerable to water . Wet rounds expanded so they would not fit into the barrel anymore or left hard residues after being fired . [ 3 ] The auto-loader was capable of handling the Shillelagh missile without problems , but the combustible cases of the tank rounds could be deformed by it . [ 3 ] As is often a problem with caseless ammunition , the ammunition also had a tendency to `` cook-off '' , or fire prematurely , due to heat build-up in the barrel from previously fired rounds . The attempted solution , to only carry a single round with the balance in missiles , also proved unacceptable . Deployment of the 20mm anti-aircraft cannon also proved difficult and the weapon itself was overcomplicated and nearly impossible to use effectively . [ citation needed ]
Another problem of the MBT-70 was the increasing weight . While at the beginning of the project , a weight of some 46.3 tonnes ( 45.6 long tons ; 51.0 short tons ) was projected , it increased to 54 tonnes ( 53 long tons ; 60 short tons ) during development , which forced the designers to redesign some elements , so that finally a weight of 50.3 tonnes ( 49.5 long tons ; 55.4 short tons ) was reached , still higher than required . [ 3 ] This meant that the MBT-70 would require its own armoured recovery vehicles and bridge-launching systems .
In order to power the tank at the required speed , a turbine engine was developed for the original American model . [ 13 ] However , turbine engines need very clean air , and the quantities of dust churned up by tank operations proved problematic . After initial efforts to solve the problem using air filters , the turbine engine was replaced with conventional piston engines . [ citation needed ]
Commentators on the MBT-70 typically assert that though it was innovative in many respects , the project was ruined by the use of too many untried and unproven technologies . Senator James W. Fulbright commented that to drive an MBT-70 , a master 's degree from a technical institute would be required . [ 3 ]
Cancellation [ edit ]
By 1969 the MBT-70 cost five times what was projected , [ 3 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] at $ 1 million a unit ( $ 6.83 million in present-day terms [ 14 ] ) . Originally the planned costs of the MBT-70 project were as low as $ 80 million ( or 292.8 million DM ) , but in 1969 the project had already cost $ 303 million ( nearly 1.1 billion DM ) . [ 3 ] West Germany 's part alone of this was about $ 130 million ( 475.8 million DM ) , which in itself was more than the original planned total costs of the project . [ 3 ]
In light of these problems , in August 1969 the Senate halted funding of the program until the Government Accounting Office could undertake an audit of the program . [ 15 ] A complete review of the project was requested by US Deputy Secretary of Defense David Packard . On January 20 , 1970 , the joint program was canceled by the Department of Defense . [ 16 ]
Germany started the development of the Keiler on its own . Later this program would lead to the Leopard 2 . [ 17 ]
Work began on converting the existing MBT-70 design into a low-cost `` austere '' alternative that would use only American-made components , resulting in the nearly-identical XM803 prototype . Despite these compromises , the XM803 design began to match the MBT-70 in complexity as development progressed , and was ultimately marked for cancellation by Congress in December 1971 . [ 18 ] The XM803 program was officially deactivated on June 30 , 1971 and its budget redistributed to the entirely new XM1 design project , which led to the production-model M1 Abrams tank .
Surviving vehicles [ edit ]
MBT-70 at Aberdeen Proving Ground
Kampfpanzer 70 at Koblenz
MBT-70 at Danbury , Connecticut
Altogether 14 prototypes and test-beds have been built , two of them were made of mild steel . Some of them have survived in museums and can still be visited today .
American prototypes [ edit ]
One prototype is located in the Anniston Army Depot in Anniston , Alabama .
Another prototype , as well as a prototype of the XM803 , is located in the Armor Museum Restoration Yard at Fort Benning , Georgia .
A mild steel prototype in bad condition could be seen in the Military Museum of Southern New England in Danbury , Connecticut .
German prototypes [ edit ]
One prototype is located in the Deutsches Panzermuseum Munster
Another is located in the Wehrtechnische Studiensammlung Koblenz
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes
Bibliography
Compare these two tales of corruption that illustrate how the opportunity to turn a profit distorts our supposedly impartial judicial system .
In 2008 , a scandal rocked Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , when the FBI charged two judges , Mark Ciavarella and Michael Conahan , with taking kickbacks from a private juvenile detention facility in exchange for handing down lengthy prison terms to young offenders . Robert Mericle , who had built two for-profit detention centers , and a business person named Robert Powell paid the judges almost $ 3 million over a three-year period to help smooth the way for the construction of the facilities and to keep their beds full .
According to an appeals court ruling , “ over the course of several years , Ciavarella committed hundreds of juveniles to detention centers co-owned by Powell , including many who were not represented by counsel. ” Hundreds of young lives were ruined . Kids , including first-time offenders , were sentenced to juvenile facilities for “ offenses ” like mocking an assistant principal on Myspace , taking loose change from unlocked cars and trespassing in an abandoned building . In one tragic incident , a star high-school wrestler who had never been in trouble before was sentenced to months behind bars for a minor charge of possessing drug paraphernalia . They missed their senior year of high-school , and became bitter and depressed . Their mother would blame their suicide several years later on the corrupt judges .
“ By the summer of 2008 , ” reads the appeals court ruling , “ Ciavarella and Conahan , aware that they were under criminal investigation , met with Mericle and Powell to collaborate on their stories , discuss how to mitigate the effects of damaging witnesses , and encourage the destruction of records. ” What the others did n't know is that Powell was cooperating with authorities and wore a wire during the discussion . Judge Ciavarella was sentenced to 28 years in federal prison . Judge Conahan got over 17 years . Robert Powell received a sentence of 18 months as a result of a plea bargain . Robert Mericle pled guilty and awaits sentencing .
When you deliver boxes full of cash to judges in exchange for keeping your private prison profitable and your beds full – when there 's a clear quid-pro-quo – then the FBI will investigate and the perpetrators will likely end up in prison . But a new report issued this week by In the Public Interest , a government watchdog group , shows that you can achieve a similar result through less direct means – lobbying and campaign financing – and it 's perfectly legal .
The report found that 2/3 of a sample of state contracts with private prison companies have “ occupancy clauses ” that guarantee the companies ' facilities will remain full . The minimum occupancy requirements varied from 80 to 100 percent , with 90 percent being the most common threshold .
With crime rates dropping nationwide , taxpayers are forced to pay the companies compensation if their prison populations fall below the minimum . In some cases , state-owned prisons are now under-populated as detainees have been shifted to for-profit facilities in order to meet these quotas .
According to the report :
These clauses can force corrections departments to pay thousands , sometimes millions , for unused beds — a “ low-crime tax ” that penalizes taxpayers when they achieve what should be a desired goal of lower incarceration rates . The private prison industry often claims that prison privatization saves states money . Numerous studies and audits have shown these claims of cost savings to be illusory , and bed occupancy requirements are one way that private prison companies lock in inflated costs after the contract is signed . By contractually requiring states to guarantee payment for a large percentage of prison beds , the prison companies are able to protect themselves against fluctuations in the prison population . These provisions guarantee prison companies a consistent and regular revenue stream , insulating them from ordinary business risks . The financial risks are borne by the public , while the private corporations are guaranteed profits from taxpayer dollars .
The report offers examples of some nightmarish results of the cost-cutting measures these private facilities often impose – including housing prisoners in deplorable living conditions , overcrowding , violence , mismanagement and escapes .
There are no boxes of cash involved . But as the report notes , “ the for-profit prison industry works hard to ensure harsh criminal laws and elect policymakers that support its agenda . ”
The Center for Responsive Politics reports that [ Corrections Corporation of America ] spent $ 17.4 million in lobbying expenditures from 2002 through 2012 , while GEO Group spent $ 2.5 million from 2004 to 2012 . Similarly , CCA spent $ 1.9 million in political contributions from 2003 to 2012 , and Geo Group spent $ 2.9 million during the same time period .
A 2011 report by the Justice Policy Institute also found that private prison companies lobbied hard for harsher sentencing laws . Steve Owen , a spokesperson for CCA , the nation 's largest private prison company , admitted to the Shreveport Times that the occupancy requirements “ are necessary for a feasible business model . ”
But government should n't be in the business of keeping an unsustainable industry afloat . And yet that 's just what they 've done in the past . In 2008 , Leslie Berestein reported for the San Diego Union-Tribune that the country 's leading private prison firms – CCA , Geo Group , Halliburton and Management and Training Corp. – lobbied lawmakers to pass harsh new immigration laws , including changes “ in the way that immigrant detainees – illegal immigrants , asylum-seekers , legal residents appealing deportation and others – are held . ”
“ The private prison industry was on the verge of bankruptcy in the late 1990s , until the feds bailed them out with the immigration-detention contracts , ” said Michele Deitch , an expert on prison privatization with the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas in Austin . As increasingly tough immigration laws have called for the detention and deportation of ever more immigrants , the demand for bed space by immigration authorities has helped turn what was once a dying business into a multibillion-dollar industry with record revenue and stock prices several times higher than they were eight years ago .
According to Aviva Shen at Think Progress , the private prison industry spent $ 45 million on immigration lobbying alone . They now enjoy a $ 5.1 billion industry , with virtually no risk – the risk instead is borne by American taxpayers and those more likely to end up behind bars to fill quotas .
elegyinthree :
What compels people to post things on social media ? When someone sees an article , what exactly is the motivation to click on the “ share ” button , write a neat little summary of your thoughts , tag friends who you think might like it , and press “ post ” ?
It 's not much of a surprise that this is a mystery to me . Really , most things that people do are a mystery - and to live is to find our way out of that seemingly bottomless hole . Or is it the other way down - the more we know , the farther down the rabbit hole we get ?
There are a few sides that have led to my curiosity about this topic . On the widest level , you have the societal narratives about social media : waste of time , millennials , self-indulgence , social network , globalization , narcissism , hashtags , filters . You know , stuff about social media that you hear out there . On a personal level , I 've seen multiple people talk about their own perceptions of social media . One of movements towards “ consciousness ” regarding it is the idea that it 's a person 's “ highlight reel ” : where they show off the best parts of their lives , and generally not the mundane , dreary , or downright sad . I find this perspective interesting , but it still does n't feel like quite a complete picture .
Before social media was created , people got along just fine . It 's not a need ; people will live if Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram disappear overnight . And of course , it 's not difficult to understand the bigger picture of the * why * . Ask anyone and they 'll have their own motivations . Personally , I 've been an advocate of keeping my Facebook account just for the sake of opportunity . If I want to connect with any one of my friends ( who are on Facebook ) , it just takes a few clicks and a few seconds of typing to convey a message . It 's also a way of being personal without having to be * too * personal . You can “ snoop ” in on everyone else 's lives without actually putting in the in-person time . Efficient : that 's something we love in the 21st century , right ?
I 'm perplexed by why I do things , and why I do n't . If you 're my Facebook friend , you probably , well , have n't noticed me on the site much . I really rarely post anything at all , and if I do , it 's something somewhat detached . Pictures of food , checking in at a location , maybe an article I found interesting . But for a site that 's so focused on yourself , I feel like the caveat is that you have to try at being myself at the will of thousands of other people .
That 's where the idea of the “ composed self ” comes in : the pictures that you post ; the articles that represent your intellect ; the comments that depict your opinions - whether you like it or not , it 's how everyone else sees you . Who cares about the intent of all of these things ? We 've all been there where we meet someone new , “ Facebook stalk ” them , and make some kind of qualitative judgment , whether conscious or subconscious .
And yet if I do n't have any content on social media , where does that put me ? Everything that I 've done with friends is just a memory - which is a fine thing , which is how people have lived for ages - but in the end , * should * I make an effort to put my print on my narrative ? After all , while past generations did n't have a Facebook , they still had their own ways of depicting themselves . Anne Frank 's struggle lived through their diary ; Beethoven 's personal strife resonates in their symphonies ; the Brownings ' love endures from their love letters . And while none of the above were * social media * , they were social in the sense that expression was captured beyond our heads .
You know that old paradox about if a tree falls alone in a distant forest and there 's no one to hear it ? Expression that is created alone might not be inherently social . But it 's a transformation of the personal , which has the * potential * to become something felt in peoples ' hearts . After all , if just one person heard that tree falling , they themselves know it happened , and that is infinitely greater than the previous void .
So perhaps social media is one of the greatest narratives of society captured yet . Each post , tweet , and picture is a part of a story from people - people who are meant to be social - and capturing that * potential * to share ourselves . Sure , it might be an artifiically crafted self , but when there 's no way to truly tap into one 's brain ( as of yet ) , the closest we can get is what people choose to show . And from there , there 's the chance of engagement , communication , and the development of true social bonds .
Is there any act of compassion that Fox News does n't believe to be a plot against America ?
It 's hard to say the answer is yes when a discussion on a proposed school dinner program in Washington , DC , is introduced as a “ nanny state plan ” that may “ destroy American families . ”
“ First it was school lunches , then school breakfasts . Now , school dinners ? ” Fox on Forbes host David Asman said as they introduced the segment . “ A new nanny state plan that some say wo n't only destroy American tax dollars , it 'll destroy American families too . ”
Strangely , none of the Forbes editors and reporters on the panel went on to make the argument that both American tax dollars and American families would be destroyed by a program launched in Washington , DC , to provide dinner to 10,000 schoolkids in one of the country 's poorest school districts .
But Forbes ‘ executive editor came the closest .
“ How this helps families is beyond me , ” Neil Weinberg said . “ I have a friend — he 's a fervent Obama supporter — they say first we had school lunches , then we had school breakfasts . They say the result is parents drop off their kids and they feel no responsibility . ”
The Washington Post reports that the $ 5.7-million program is designed to both help undernourished children and to encourage participation in after-school programs .
The program … comes at a time of heightened concern about childhood poverty in the city . Census data show that the poverty rate among African American children is 43 percent , up from 31 percent in 2007 and significantly higher than national rates . Officials describe the dinner initiative as having three goals : hedging against childhood hunger , reducing alarming rates of obesity and drawing more students to after-school programs , where extra academic help is available . It is also part of a broader effort , mandated by recent D.C. Council legislation , to upgrade the quality and nutritional value of school food with fresh , locally grown ingredients .
Forbes associate editor Victoria Barret pointed out that children who participate in schools ' after-care programs may be in school as late at 6:30 p.m. , and “ if they 're there until [ then ] we should give them a meal . A lot of them were n't getting a meal when they got home . We 're talking about really poor areas in Washington , DC . So I do n't think in this situation that you punish the kids for their parents ' flaws . ”
The following video was broadcast on Fox News ' Forbes on Fox , Oct. 23 , 2010 , and uploaded to the Web by MediaMatters .
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE claimed a net worth of more than $ 10 billion in a Personal Financial Disclosure ( PFD ) form filed with the federal government on Tuesday , their campaign said in a statement .
Trump said they filed the report on Monday . As of this writing , the report was not available for review on the Federal Election Commission website .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a statement , Trump took a swipe at Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE , who has requested an extension to file their own disclosure form .
“ I filed my PFD , which I am proud to say is the largest in the history of the FEC , ” Trump said .
“ Despite the fact that I am allowed extensions , I have again filed my report , which is 104 pages , on time . Bernie Sanders has requested , on the other hand , an extension for their small report . This is the difference between a business person and the all talk , no action politicians that have failed the American people for far too long . ”
Trump filed the same document last July , surprising many critics by taking the final step in becoming an official candidate for president .
Still , Trump has so far declined to release any tax returns , something every major party nominee has done in the modern era . Tax returns are more detailed than the PFDs and include information not on the disclosure form .
Trump says he 's being audited by the Internal Revenue Service and has been advised by their legal counsel not to release their returns until the government finishes its review , although the IRS has said they are free to release them .
Trump 's critics claim he 's either hiding shady business practices or is n't as wealthy as they claim .
The newly filed PFD form says that Trump 's revenue leapt from $ 362 million in 2014 to $ 557 million in 2015 – an increase of nearly $ 200 million . The figure does not include dividends , interest , capital gains , rent or royalties .
“ This income was utilized , among other things , for the funding of construction projects at various multi-million dollar developments , reduction of debt and the funding of the campaign , ” the campaign said .
Trump has already spent an estimated $ 36 million of their own money to fund their primary campaign .
The likely GOP nominee says their net worth has also increased , and is now “ in excess ” of $ 10 billion .
In the sixth century a tsunami triggered by a rockfall on the lake destroyed several villages , sent a 26ft wave crashing over Geneva 's city walls , and caused many casualties .
Experts investigating the event said a similar disaster could easily happen again , and Geneva with its 200,000 inhabitants was especially vulnerable .
They argued that the threat of lake tsunamis is underestimated and should be taken more seriously .
The Lake Geneva tsunami followed a documented mountain rockfall , known as the Tauredunum event , in AD 563 .
A survey , analysis of sediment cores and computer simulations suggested that the rockfall caused a huge mudslide where the river Rhone flows into the lake .
The resulting displacement of water generated large tsunami waves , including one 13 metres ( 42ft ) high where Lausanne now lies on the lake 's northern shore .
An eight metre ( 26ft ) high wave hit Geneva 70 minutes after the initial mass movement of sediment . The city is right at the other end of the lake from the mudslide , a distance of more than 70 kilometres .
A reconstruction showed that the wave would have destroyed Geneva bridge and breached the city walls , as reported in historical records .
`` Today , a wave of this height would completely inundate large parts of the inner city of Geneva , '' the researchers wrote in the journal Nature Geoscience .
They pointed out that the event which triggered the tsunami was `` by no means unique '' .
Seismic records showed that large mass movements of sediment had been generated on the lake several times in the past 12,000 years . Any of these could have triggered destructive tsunami waves .
The scientists , led by Katrina Kremer , from the University of Geneva , wrote : `` Given that riverine sediment input is still loading on the slopes of the Rhone delta , tsunamis may well occur in Lake Geneva in the future , whether they are triggered by rockfall , earthquakes , or simply large storms , resulting in slope failure .
`` Such tsunamis ... pose a direct and hitherto largely ignored threat to at least a million people living along the lake shores .
`` Geneva is particularly vulnerable to such events , both because of its low elevation relative to the current lake level , and its location at the tip of the funnel-shaped lake . ''
They added : `` Our study highlights that not only cities located on sea coasts and fjords are at risk from destructive tsunamis , but so are densely populated lake shores .
`` We believe that the risk associated with tsunamis in lakes is currently underestimated , and that these phenomena require greater attention if future catastrophes are to be avoided . ''
source : PA
Donald Trump 's transition team is asking for a list of Energy Department workers who have attended any United Nations climate change conferences in the past five years . | Getty Trump team 's demands fuel fear of Energy Department ‘ witch hunt '
Donald Trump ' s transition team wants the Energy Department to provide the names of any employees who have worked on President Barack Obama 's climate initiatives — a request that has current and former staffers fearing an oncoming “ witch hunt . ”
The president-elect 's team sought the information as part of a 74-point questionnaire that also asked for details about how DOE 's statistical arm , the Energy Information Administration , does the math on issues such as the cost-effectiveness of wind and solar power versus fossil fuels . POLITICO obtained the document Friday , after Trump 's advisers sent it to the department earlier in the week .
The questions are just the latest sign that Trump is feeling out ways to undo Obama 's environmental agenda , in which DOE has played a major role through actions such as issuing billions of dollars in loan guarantees to green-energy projects backed by companies such as Google and Tesla . Trump has derided the idea of human-made climate change as a “ hoax , ” and he 's announced plans to nominate one of the biggest critics of Obama 's regulations — Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt — to lead the Environmental Protection Agency .
Coupled with calls by congressional Republicans to relax civil-service protections so that it 's easier to fire federal employees , the transition team 's demand that the Energy Department name names has some current and former workers fearing the worst .
“ Sounds like a freaking witch hunt , ” one former DOE staffer wrote in an email .
“ It is a remarkably aggressive and antagonistic tone to take with an agency that you 're about to try to manage , ” a current agency employee said . Another DOE staffer expressed the view that “ some [ of the questions ] are harassment , some are na i ve , some are legitimate . ”
“ Why is that important for informing the transition team ? ” the person said of the list of people who worked on climate issues .
Rep. Frank Pallone of New Jersey , the top Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee , denounced the questions as `` environmental McCarthyism , '' calling them `` a witch hunt and a loyalty test all rolled into one . ''
“ The transition team should reconsider these apparent attempts to intimidate Energy Department employees who were simply working to fulfill the climate objectives of the Obama administration , ” they wrote .
Trump transition officials declined to comment , as did the Energy Department .
Of the 74 questions posed by Trump 's advisers , two called for identifying the employees and contractors who worked on implementing the Obama administration 's efforts to study and address climate change .
One question asks for the names of staffers who attended any United Nations climate change conferences in the past five years . Another requests the names of the personnel on any of the interagency working groups that calculated the “ social cost of carbon , ” a financial measurement of the damage imposed by climate change that the administration uses to help weigh the costs and benefits of some regulations .
Still , one DOE staff member suggested the worries might be overblown , saying Trump 's team has carried out a “ very good transition ” overall . But the person acknowledged that “ those two or three questions where they asked for names is what caught people 's attention . ”
Without knowing who the next e nergy secretary will be , people at the agency do n't know how high a priority those questions really are , the staff member said . “ People read a lot into these things . It could be nothing . ”
Trump has not yet announced a nominee to replace Ernest Moniz as the head of the department , which manages the nation ' s nuclear arsenal , runs the network of national laboratories , funds basic science and oversees a strategic reserve of oil , but sources have said the leading candidates appear to be former Texas Gov . Rick Perry , Sen. Joe Manchin ( D-W.Va. ) and Ray Washburne , a member of Trump ' s finance team .
Besides requesting specific names , Trump ' s transition team directed a series of questions at the department ' s Energy Information Administration , including some that appeared to challenge the agency ' s ability to keep political bias out of its statistical analysis during Obama ' s presidency .
“ How has EIA ensured its independence in your data and analysis over the past 8 years ? ” one question asks , while requesting examples of instances where “ EIA ' s independence was most challenged . ”
Other questions pressed EIA on why it had made certain assumptions about the costs of renewable energy , as well as whether its forecasts had given short shrift to “ the shale gas and oil renaissance . ”
The Trump team also raised other questions around DOE 's climate-related work . “ Which programs within DOE are essential to meeting the goals of President Obama ' s Climate Action Plan ? ” reads Question 29 .
In fact , half of Obama 's targets for greenhouse gas reductions are tied to DOE 's rule s-making on efficiency standards for appliances like water heaters and air conditioners .
Having been on the receiving end of investigations into science , Penn State University climate scientist Michael Mann — themselves a frequent target of attacks from climate skeptics — said they found some of the questions worrying .
`` Normally I would ... withhold judgment , supposing for the time-being that this could just be legitimate information-gathering . However , this latest revelation hardly exists in a vacuum , '' they wrote in an email , referring to the role of prominent climate skeptics on Trump ' s EPA transition team .
“ [ I ] n my mind it raises real concerns that this transition team is planning to target people , including scientists , ” Mann said .
Michael Halpern , a deputy director at the Union of Concerned Scientists , said the questionnaire “ reads more like a subpoena than a request for assistance . ” To Halpern , a question on the list asking DOE ' s national labs about their websites raised an eyebrow .
“ During the Bush administration , there were a lot of webpages that either disappeared or were altered to put nonscientific information on them , ” they said . Nevertheless , Halpern said , “ We elected a president and not a dictator . They ca n't just come and destroy entire departments by executive fiat . ”
The questionnaire also asks the agency to identify which of its offices “ owns ” the work on international Clean Energy Ministerials , a program that helps connect the public and private sectors across several governments , and Mission Innovation , a multinational effort to develop clean technology .
One question , directed to the office of DOE 's undersecretary for science and energy , probes the agency about where it could cut if it had to reduce its budget by 10 percent starting in fiscal 2018 .
The questionnaire appears to have circulated through DOE after the agency ' s transition coordinator , a career employee , sent it by email on Tuesday . The document also indicates that the agency can provide only information that is publicly available .
“ Since the review team wants answers quickly , please send us answers to individual questions as you complete them , ” Ingrid Kolb , director of DOE 's Office of Management , wrote in an email that was read to POLITICO . “ Please do not wait to finish all of them . ”
They added : “ We need to start feeding the agency review team answers ASAP . If you are concerned about a question , please contact me immediately . In some instances the answer to a question may involve information that is not available to the public or is information that we do not have . ''
Kolb has managed the last two transitions for DOE and has worked in the federal government for 37 years .
Bloomberg first reported on the questionnaire but did not release a copy of the document .
What Trump pulled out of their pocket were not medical records , as the Trump campaign and some media outlets are reporting , but two one-page letters . One was from Dr. Harold Bornstein , Trump 's physician who last December wrote a four-paragraph statement on Trump 's health stating that if elected , Trump “ will be the healthiest individual ever ” to be president . The second letter that Trump shared with Oz was from Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City . The letter stated that Bornstein has clinical privileges at the hospital .
Actual medical records would provide information about a candidate 's health over time as opposed to a single document based on a one-off physical exam . In 2008 , when John McCain was running for president , the 71 year-old released more than 1,000 pages of medical records .
The letter Trump shared with Oz listed test results from an examination performed last Friday . In the letter , Bornstein said Trump 's cholesterol , testosterone , blood sugar and blood pressure were within normal levels . Trump also had a normal echocardiogram and chest X-ray , although it was not clear why these tests were performed . Echocardiograms and chest X-rays are not routine tests for healthy people . The letter did not offer any information about a mental health assessment .
At 6-foot-3 and 236 pounds , Trump 's body mass index is 29.5 , which means they are overweight . A BMI of 30 is obese . Oz grilled the presidential candidate about their weight and Trump said they would like to lose 15 to 20 pounds .
Oz has come under fire for touting weight loss supplements that are scientifically proven to be ineffective . In one episode of the Dr. Oz show , they stood next to a caption that read `` No Exercise . No Diet . No Effort '' while promoting a “ revolutionary fat buster ” called Garcinia cambogia . Studies have found that Garcinia cambogia does not work .
More than a third of the claims that Oz makes on their show lack any scientific proof and 15 percent of their claims are actually contradicted by science , according to a study published in a medical journal in 2014 .
That same year , Oz was berated by a Senate subcommittee for touting the health benefits of supplements that turned out to be scams . The senators took issue with products such as raspberry ketone pills , green coffee beans and other supplements that Oz had described as “ miracle weight loss cures. ” Makers of some of these products have been sued by the Federal Trade Commission and charged with false advertising . Oz , some have noted , has been more careful with their words since the Senate hearing .
Last year , 10 physicians wrote to the dean of medicine at Columbia University stating that Oz 's faculty position at the university was unacceptable . `` We are surprised and dismayed that Columbia University 's College of Physicians and Surgeons would permit Dr. Mehmet Oz to occupy a faculty appointment , let alone a senior administrative position in the Department of Surgery . ”
A day before the show with Trump was taped , Oz appeared on the Fox News Radio program Kilmeade & Friends and said they would not ask Trump `` questions they do n't want to have answered . ”
A few hours after the show was recorded , Clinton released new information about their bout of pneumonia and overall health . A letter from Clinton 's doctor , Dr. Lisa Bardack , said `` She is recovering well with antibiotics and rest . They continues to remain healthy and fit to serve as president of the United States. ” The letter also included a list of medications that Clinton is taking , which include treatment for an underactive thyroid gland , a blood thinner and vitamins .
Xiaomi 's eagerly-anticipated upcoming flagship has been stirring up a lot of commotion in the mobile realm and understandably so . The OEM 's track record of putting out competitive offers has resulted in a lot of pressure and high expectations for the Xiaomi Mi 5 .
Despite the frequent visits to the rumor mill , the handset is still shrouded with a lot of mystery and major speculations , like the possibility of a physical home button  a Xiaomi first . Today finally brings some specifics on the flagship offer , as it has been listed on Oppomart 's website .
The page includes a full set of specs and considering the source is pretty reputable , we are inclined to believe in their validity . The Xiaomi Mi 5 will have a 5.5-inch 2560 x 1440 pixel display . There is no info on the panel technology , but we can only assume an IPS LCD one , considering the company 's track record . RAM is set at 4GB and memory options include 16GB , 64GB and 128GB .
The chipset is just as impressive  Qualcomm 's next-gen beast , the Snapdragon 820 . The camera setup consists of a 20MP main shooter and an 8MP selfie one.The phone looks to be powered by a 3,800 mAh battery and boots the OEM 's own MIUI 7 , based on Android 5.1 ( although the specs say MIUI 6 , but that is obviously a typo ) . It is available in classic black and white colors . Thanks to another recent leak , courtesy of China UnionPay , we are also fairly certain that the Mi 5 will once again feature NFC , along with support for the new local `` Cloud Lightening Pay '' platform .
Last , but definitely not least , the listing also features a price . It is , of course , preliminary and could be subject to change , but is currently set at $ 599 . That is a pretty penny indeed , but still quite competitive considering the next-get flagship specs .
Thanks for the tip Dr. Amey Bagewadikar
Source
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Senquez Golson was stopped by TSA agents at an airport in Alabama after they found a handgun and bullets in their carry-on bag ... TMZ Sports has learned .
Maybe they were flying United ? ? ?
Here 's what we know ... the 2015 2nd round draft pick was going through security at Mobile Regional Airport around noon Wednesday when they found a Glock .45 caliber pistol along with 23 rounds of ammunition in the magazine .
There 's a discrepancy over whether the gun can be considered `` loaded '' or `` unloaded '' since there was technically not a round in the chamber .
TSA alerted police and officers took the bag and escorted Golson out of the area .
Golson was NOT arrested . Instead , cops offered to hold the gun for them until they returned from their travels ... at which time they could pick it up .
How 's that for southern hospitality ?
AMD is up to some interesting things . Today at AMD 's tech day , we discovered a veritable cornucopia of information . Some of it was pretty interesting ( audio ) , some was discussed ad-naseum ( audio , audio , and more audio ) , and one thing in particular was quite shocking . Mantle was the final , big subject that AMD was willing to discuss . Many assumed that the R9 290X would be the primary focus of this talk , but in fact it very much was an aside that was not discussed at any length . AMD basically said , “ Yes , the card exists , and it has some new features that we are not going to really go over at this time. ” Mantle , as a technology , is at the same time a logical step as well as an unforeseen one . So what all does Mantle mean for users ?
Looking back through the mists of time , when dinosaurs roamed the earth , the individual 3D chipmakers all implemented low level APIs that allowed programmers to get closer to the silicon than what other APIs such as Direct3D and OpenGL would allow . This was a very efficient way of doing things in terms of graphics performance . It was an inefficient way to do things for a developer writing code for multiple APIs . Microsoft and the Kronos Group had solutions with Direct3D and OpenGL that allowed these programmers to develop for these high level APIs very simply ( comparatively so ) . The developers could write code that would run D3D/OpenGL , and the graphics chip manufacturers would write drivers that would interface with Direct3D/OpenGL , which then go through a hardware abstraction layer to communicate with the hardware . The onus was then on the graphics people to create solid , high performance drivers that would work well with DirectX or OpenGL , so the game developer would not have to code directly for a multitude of current and older graphics cards .
Read the entire article here .
Sure , guys like 3dfx would update their GLIDE API to handle legacy applications and legacy hardware as well as current products and new games . This still was too much work for developers . Creating different rendering engines that would take advantage of features on these chips all the while addressing support for 3dfx 's GLIDE , Rendition 's RRedline , or S3 's Metal was just too much . So we moved on to embrace Direct3D and OpenGL . Sounds like heaven , right ? Not necessarily so . We have had issues with good driver support for these high level APIs . The high level APIs are not efficient , and the overhead that they impose impacts both performance and latency . These APIs have improved over time , especially with the jumps to DX11 and OpenGL 4.0 . Still , they have enough of a hit that performance can be improved by getting rid of them altogether .
This is what Mantle does . It bypasses DirectX ( and possibly the hardware abstraction layer ) and developers can program very close to the metal with very little overhead from software . This lowers memory and CPU usage , it decreases latency , and because there are fewer “ moving parts ” AMD claims that they can do 9x the draw calls with Mantle as compared to DirectX . This is a significant boost in overall efficiency . Before everyone gets too excited , we will not see a 9x improvement in overall performance with every application . A single HD 7790 running in Mantle is not going to power 3 x 1080P monitors in Eyefinity faster than a HD 7970 or GTX 780 ( in Surround ) running in DirectX . Mantle shifts the bottleneck elsewhere .
What kind of improvements can we expect ? Performance will increase when things are not shader bound . We probably could see an improvement in geometry handling ( higher polygon scenes ) . Other than that though , do not expect miracles . In applications that require multiple shading passes , complex lighting , tessellation and deformation , we might see improvements in the single digit percentages , perhaps as high as the low teens . Still , it is an improvement and it will give AMD a leg up in these applications that utilize Mantle as compared to their primary competitor which still uses DirectX and OpenGL .
This development is not exactly unprecedented , though it was unexpected at this time . Both Sony and Microsoft are already essentially going this route with their next generation consoles . In fact , both of these companies have been doing this for several generations of consoles . They enable developers low level access to the hardware and control of memory addresses and accesses which makes graphics on these consoles very efficient . As software for consoles improves over time , these developers can create tricks and optimizations to squeeze every last ounce of performance from these machines . If we were to compare graphical fidelity of the latest titles to those at the consoles ' launches , it is almost night and day where we have come to . This “ close to the metal ” approach is very efficient and allows for a lot of flexibility for programmers .
So why are we seemingly going back in time ? It seems that in computer technology the idea of “ what was old is now new again ” keeps coming around . So why does Mantle sound like a good idea ? First of all , we do not have a dozen competing APIs from the likes of 3Dfx , Rendition , PowerVR , ATI , S3 , Matrox , and others . Secondly we have a huge impetus for this movement from the next generation consoles which both implement AMD 's GCN architecture . Developers will already be familiar with the architecture and very similar programming techniques . Going to Mantle would not be trivial , but at the same time it does not require a total rewrite of the renderer to support .
Battlefield 4 will be the first title to natively support Mantle , and that support will be released to users as a free update in December . BF4 is based on the Frostbite 3 engine , which will be powering around 15 titles over the next year . Obviously most of these titles will have no need to support or implement Mantle , but we could see a couple test out that technology . The more important support could come from titles initially developed for the consoles and ported to the PC . We also have that little free radical called the Steam Box . While AMD is working with Valve to have drivers ready to go , we do not know if Valve will embrace Mantle for their titles . It seems somewhat unlikely because Valve is offering SteamOS for free and for multiple configurations . NVIDIA still has the majority of standalone gaming cards in the wild , but AMD is slowly closing that gap .
Mantle is an interesting move for AMD . While Mantle may not conquer the world overnight , as AMD starts to ship GCN based APUs we could see an uptick of interest . Not everyone owns a high-end graphics card , but there will be a larger group of people with a GCN based APU in their machine . As the numbers start growing , then interest with developers will increase . When we combine the numbers for PS4 , XBOne , and APU enabled PCs , then the numbers may make sense for developers to focus on implementing a Mantle based pathway for their games . Time will tell .
Mugshot via Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail / Getty Images ; photo by Ryan M. Kelly/The Daily Progress via AP
The man who allegedly drove into a crowd of protesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , killing one woman and injuring 35 others , was charged with first-degree murder on Thursday , the Washington Post reports . The upgraded charge could land the 20-year-old in prison for the rest of their life .
James Fields Jr. was initially charged with second-degree murder and arrested back in August , after they allegedly rammed their car into another vehicle that shot into a group of counter-protesters . The crash , which occurred during Charlottesville 's chaotic `` Unite the Right '' rally , ended up killing a young woman named Heather Heyer , and left eight of the dozens injured significantly impaired .
According to the Post , prosecutors argued in court Thursday that Field 's alleged crime was intentional , and announced their charges would be updated to first-degree murder and eight counts of `` aggravated malicious wounding . '' Fields 's case is set to go before a grand jury next week and if he 's indicted , their case will go to trial . They could spend anywhere from 20 years to life in prison if convicted .
Fields was spotted with white supremacist groups in Charlottesville before the crash , but prosecutors have n't been able to prove that they were linked to any specific organization . According to former classmates and teachers , the 20-year-old was fascinated with Nazism and white supremacy and would openly `` proclaim themselves as a Nazi . ''
According to the Daily Beast , Fields 's alleged actions have only emboldened some members of the white nationalist community , and many have started threatening Heyer 's mother , Susan Bro , after their death . Ahead of the trial on Thursday , Bro told the Daily Beast that they had decided to inter their daughter 's ashes in a protected , unmarked spot to avoid unwanted attention from extremists .
`` It 's a symptom of hate in society that you should have to protect your child 's grave , for Pete 's sake , '' Bro told the Beast . `` So , I 'm protecting my child now . ''
Follow Drew Schwartz on Twitter .
Reading has been hit by unusually heavy rain this afternoon causing disruption for shops and motorists .
Traffic has come to a virtual standstill on parts of the IDR and reports are reaching the Reading Post of flooding at junction 11 of the M4 causing drivers to abandon their cars .
One of the worst hit sections is Vastern Road where it passes under the railway bridge .
Reports on Twitter also suggest that Whitley Wood Lane has been hit by the deluge .
The number six bus service has been diverted via Hartland Road , and Northumberland Avenue in both directions .
Some platforms at Reading station are also believed to be affected by the heavy downpours .
Have you been affected by any flooding ? Contact the Reading Post on 0118 9183020 , email readingeditorial @ trinitysouth.co.uk with your pictures or leave a comment here .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Global banks must plan for a “ hard ” Brexit or risk breaching regulatory requirements and disrupting business , according to an industry report seen by Reuters , the first since Prime Minister May said they would take Britain out of the single market .
A sign for Bank Street and high rise offices are pictured in the financial district Canary Wharf in London October 21 , 2010 . REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
Banks ' transformation programs are so complex and lengthy that in some cases they may need to devise two-step interim contingency plans in order to mitigate the risks of disruption , the report says . It was prepared by consultancy PwC for industry body the Association for Financial Markets in Europe ( AFME ) .
The process will require more clarity from regulators in EU countries where banks might seek a new base and need approval of any interim business models , the report says , noting the lack of visibility on future trading relations between Britain and the EU with negotiations yet to begin .
“ The report , ‘ Planning for Brexit – Operational impacts on wholesale banking and capital markets in Europe ' aims to provide policymakers and other industry stakeholders , both in the EU27 and the U.K. , with a fact-based analysis of how these challenges are likely to affect the financial services industry , ” a spokesperson for AFME said in an emailed statement .
The report analyzed information garnered from 15 banks of varying sizes and from different home regions on their Brexit planning measures and also looked at 8 case studies of banking transformation programs in the past that have taken longer than 2 years .
The findings offer stark reading on what lies ahead for banks as they attempt to devise strategies to cope with any impending disruption to their business once Britain leaves the European Union , mapping out 25 key business activities that will be impacted from staffing to establishing new legal entities .
Several major banks have already warned that they will each have to move thousands of jobs to another EU country in order to continue providing services to European clients once Britain leaves the bloc , after Prime Minister Theresa May said that Britain would leave the single market .
Banks are already implementing “ no regrets ” contingency measures such as retaining legal entities , the report finds .
In order to adapt to the post-Brexit landscape banks will need to set in motion a wide range of interacting transformation programs ranging from restructuring legal entities , gaining regulatory approvals , connecting to new market infrastructure and moving staff to new locations .
Some banks ' contingency plans will be achievable within two years whilst others could take at least 4 years to implement , depending on their current European footprint .
A transition period of 3 years would alleviate some of the pressures posed in implementing the necessary changes as well as support from regulators in Europe to speed up license approvals and to avoid any uncertainty that could lead to duplication costs and avoidable disruptions .
Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like . Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
By Michael Riley
April 2 , 2014
Drag queen Kandi Barr asked the audience members to raise their hands if they had never been to a Drag Show before .
“ Look at all the virgins , ” Barr said , as nearly half the audience members raised their hands .
Professional performers and amateur UW-Whitewater student performers showcased their skills at IMPACT 's fifth annual Drag Show on March 20 .
More than 250 students attended the Roaring '20s themed show , which was emceed by Janesville-native Barr . The host of the last two years , Richie St. James , had recently stepped away from the entertainment industry .
Nicolas Milone , IMPACT treasurer and planner of the event , said they watched a few of Barr 's videos and made the decision to ask them to be the show 's host .
Milone said IMPACT raised more than $ 1,000 , and there was a good amount of donations of non-perishables .
“ [ Money raised ] can continue to give IMPACT the opportunity to provide educational and entertainment events for not only the LGBTQ students but also the allies at UW-Whitewater , ” Milone said .
Performers lip synced and danced songs of their choice . The audience was encouraged to give monetary tips to performers if they enjoyed the routine .
The professional drag queens were Jaida Essence Hall , Trixie Mattel , Symphony Alexander-Love , Sasha Christine and Bianca Lynn Breeze . The one drag king was Colin Acumen . Many of the queens came from Madison and do shows across the state and the Midwest .
Essence Hall and Alexander-Love both have performed at UW-W in years past .
Christine , alumni of UW-W , performed a few Beyoncé songs .
Those who were new to the show said it was a great experience to be in a smaller town with such an accepting part of the community , Milone said .
Katrina Shong said they were a friend of Essence Hall and had never been to UW-Whitewater 's show . They said they regularly support Essence Hall when they perform .
“ When thinking back to my first show , all I can remember is how I had an instant smile on my face , ” Shong said . “ Honestly , I can not believe how beautiful all these girls look . They usually look better than I do . ”
Students Jezeel Fuentz , Tom E. Gun and Mr. Andre all performed for the first time on stage .
“ It exposes students to diversity and entertainment rolled up in one , ” said James Sheets , president of IMPACT . “ Unless you 're directly exposed to the LGBTQ community , it would be difficult to experience a drag show or even to know what drag is . Additionally , with the event being on a Thursday , it gives students an alternative instead of going out to drink . ”
Alyssa Reetz , PRIDE resource intern , said they have been going UW-Whitewater 's Drag Show since they were a first-year student .
They said the Hamilton Room is hands down the best location on campus to hold the show because audience members can feel the energy . Reetz was responsible for pre-show music and the music for all of the performers .
Sheets said this event does more than provide students a unique experience .
“ This event helps empower LGBTQ students on this campus because it really gives them a night of their own and allows them to enjoy a show put on by people that they can potentially identify with , ” Sheets said . “ It 's different than seeing yet another heterosexual and cisgender entertainment options . ”
