BY Joey Parsons | Jun 22 , 2014 11:42 PM EDT
Close
It seems like the Snowdrop Engine did not work quite well as Whatifgaming reported that The Division has already been downgraded visually . According to Whatifgaming , a source dev told them that the team has already taken out 'quite a lot of screen space reflections from the game ' and that the final product will not look as good as its E3 2013 reveal .
Below is the full email Whatifgaming received .
`` We really loved the reception to the demo we showed on the PC version at E3 . Currently as it stands , there is definitely a lot of push coming from publishers to not make the experience so different on consoles as to alienate people into thinking that next generation is not as powerful as PC . This is probably what happened at Ubisoft Montreal . I think that while making stability changes is definitely important , it does not completely obliterate a lot of enhanced rendering applications . ''
`` Right now we already took out quite a lot of screen space reflections from the game and are working on asset management the best we can give consoles have that great unified memory . Naturally we will also be using online servers and have to produce a synchronization that higher graphics add to the latency so it had to be turned down . To me it still looks good , but not as good as the original reveal . I am sure as we get closer to launch and the actual console versions of the game featuring SD ( Snowdrop ) that it will start to seem all too obvious to people especially those on PCs . I just wanted to write and let you know that it definitely is not just stability but marketing politics plays into this a lot as well . ''
`` UPDATED 2nd Response from The Division Developer : Truth be told in regards to your question that while 'Yes ' the lead platform is the PC , we simply can not have such a big gap . As you know when the first WATCH DOGS Review was published by that one site , Ubisoft called it a `` false review '' and I am sure everyone can see how bad that sounded when they saw the game did look marginally better than something that was a last generation GTA IV . But no , they will not admit that they practice this or actively downgrade a game . It is much easier to say they removed things for stability which is often a lie as you can tell by the post-issues which are expected in any production we do . ''
`` Also to answer your 3rd question , no ... they will never fully disclose what was removed from what build as no laws ask them to do so in terms of consumer rights . If we as developers published that information in very real terms for the consumer such as `` Replaced particle fog simulation with 2d layer simulation in 3d space , removed particles from all explosions , lowered explosion volume multiplier by 20x , removed X # of trees and civilians , etc . '' we would be out of a lot of sales and probably it would actually require too much time to deliver on the current hype that a lot of downgraded games see which look incredible with a vertical slice . I do share this in the hope 's that my colleagues and publishers and a lot of people who make false promises and do demonstrations which wrongfully create too much hype that they can not deliver on ultimately stop doing such things . I want to see the industry actually move forward and not be so full of itself by promising too much and delivering too little . Regards ''
It remains to be seen whether Whatifgaming 's report is legit or not . As with Watch_Dogs , this was the same scenario were the E3 reveal was astounding during the E3 2013 reveal but turned out to be lesser than anticipated .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Markwayne Mullin ( R-OK ) speaks at an electoral debate last October . ( AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki ) Ad Policy
Native representation in Congress doubled as a result of the last election—from one to two representatives . In January , political newcomer Markwayne Mullin ( Cherokee ) joined Tom Cole ( Chickasaw ) , who has served in the House since 2003 . Both Republicans represent congressional districts in Oklahoma—and might illustrate what 's at stake when the Democratic Party fails to engage Native candidates . Representative Mullin voted against two versions of the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) reauthorization yesterday , but wo n't explain why .
The Senate had already approved an expanded version of the bill , which allowed for the prosecution in tribal courts of non-Native men who attack Native women on reservation land . Native nations operate under tribal sovereignty , and as such , their own courts administer justice . A good way to think about it might be to consider a perpetrator from New Jersey who attacks women in New York : New York could easily prosecute the defendant without jurisdictional objection .
Not so for Native women living on reservations , where , under the previous legislation , survivors would have to hope for a federal prosecutor—sometimes 500 miles away—to investigate and charge a non-Native suspect . It 's no wonder , then , that prosecutors fail to try nearly 70 percent of these sex abuse cases . As Louise Erdrich describes the situation , “ More than 80 percent of sex crimes on reservations are committed by non-Indian men who are immune from prosecution by tribal courts . ”
The Senate version closes that loophole , and restores the way non-Native men who attacked Native women on reservations were prosecuted before 1978 . The House introduced its own version , which critics said did n't address weaknesses in the bill for LGBT survivors , as well as immigrant and Native women .
The issue of tribal sovereignty seemed entirely lost on some members of the House during yesterday 's debate . Representative Kevin Cramer ( R-ND ) shared a moving story about a 2-year-old child who saw their stepfather beat their mother to death . Cramer—who represents a state with one of the highest Native populations—explained that they know “ the scourge of violence against women personally , ” since they and their wife adopted that little boy . Yet they took to the floor to support the House version because they felt that the sovereignty issue addressed in the Senate bill was about what they called a “ good political slogan , ” but not good law .
Yet other GOP lawmakers , including Shelly Moore Capito ( R-WV ) and Charles Dent ( R-PA ) , stood against the House version , and in support of the Senate version . After the House version failed , Cramer and other Republicans joined the majority and passed the expanded Senate version .
Representative Cole , who has sometimes expressed frustration with lawmakers ' limited familiarity to grasp basic Native issues like tribal sovereignty , had worked with Darrell Issa ( R-CA ) to create a separate amendment . It would have allowed non-Native men the option to request their cases be removed to federal court—a move considered a good compromise by most Natives wanting to move the bill forward . But the Cole-Issa amendment was never even heard for debate .
Representative Mullin , meanwhile , voted not only against the Senate version but the House version as well . Phone calls and e-mails to their office and press secretary were met with silence all day yesterday—so it 's hard to determine why . Mullin , a Tea Party darling and Constitutionalist , ran a campaign on fiscal conservatism . Perhaps they did n't like money being poured into a federal program that protects women . In the end , they were one of only twenty-seven House Republicans who voted against both reauthorization versions . As a first-term lawmaker , they have already illustrated that they wo n't necessarily stand with other Natives and their best interests in Congress .
During yesterday 's debate , members on both sides of the aisle made passionate statements about their positions . Noticeably missing from those debates were the voices of Native women . To date , not one Native woman has ever served in Congress from any party . As legislation begins to change , perhaps representation will , too .
The fight against sexism—at the Oscars , and the world over—can be exhausting . Read Michelle Dean 's commentary .
( CNN ) He 'd shot at a military recruitment center , drove off , and rammed the gates of a Navy reserve center . A service member inside the facility saw the threat posed by the heavily armed Mohammad Abdulazeez and opened fire .
But tragically , that did n't stop Abdulazeez .
Rather , Abdulazeez forced their way into the Navy building in Chattanooga , Tennessee , and killed one service member , FBI Special Agent in Charge Ed Reinhold said Wednesday . They continued their rampage , exiting through the back , and fatally shooting four more . Then they tried to get inside again .
They did n't make it in this time -- they were shot by one of the Chattanooga police officers who confronted him .
The whole episode lasted no more than five minutes . Long enough for four Marines and one Navy sailor to be fatally wounded -- as was Abdulazeez .
`` We are incredibly thankful for the bravery of the responding police officers , '' said U.S. Marine Maj. Gen. Paul W. Brier . `` Their immediate actions that day saved lives . ''
They were n't the only ones who acted heroically last Thursday , July 16 , according to Brier . They also lauded the service members -- all but two , apparently , were n't armed -- who risked their lives to help others and stop the carnage .
`` I can tell you that our Marines reacted the way you would expect , '' the major general said . `` Rapidly going from room to room , they got their fellow Marines to safety .
`` Once they had gotten to safety , some willingly ran back into the fight . ''
FBI : Shooter acted alone , motive still unknown
Exactly why they were thrust into this fight -- not in a warzone in a place like Iraq or Afghanistan , but in otherwise placid southeastern Tennessee -- is a question investigators are trying to answer .
What they do know is that Abdulazeez is responsible and , on that day at least , they acted alone .
Born in Kuwait and with Jordanian citizenship , Abdulazeez was a naturalized U.S. citizen who was a once-devoted , disciplined mixed-martial-arts fighter ; a top student known for their smarts , charm and humor ; and a devout Muslim who kept in touch with their roots in the Middle East .
JUST WATCHED Sources : Chattanooga shooter 's uncle detained in Jordan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sources : Chattanooga shooter 's uncle detained in Jordan 01:40
Yet friend Abdulrazzak Pirzada said that Abdulazeez changed after spending time in the Middle East . Jordanian sources said Abdulazeez had been in Jordan as recently as 2014 visiting an uncle . They visited Kuwait and Jordan in 2010 , Kuwait 's Interior Ministry said .
`` Something happened over there , '' Abdulrazzak Pirzada said of Muhammad Youssuf Abdulazeez , adding that `` he never became close to me like they were before they went overseas . ... I 'm sure they had something that happened to him . ''
Reinhold , from the FBI , acknowledged numerous questions surrounding `` the shooter and why they did what they did . ''
`` We have those same questions , '' they said , `` and are trying to get those answered . ''
Carrying an assault rifle , handgun , ammo
While authorities did n't offer much Wednesday on Abdulazeez 's motive , they did shed new details on what they did and how others -- military service members and police alike -- responded .
They started at a military recruitment center on Lee Hwy in Chattanooga . From inside a rented silver Mustang , Abdulazeez opened fire and wounded one recruiter there before speeding off .
Chattanooga police were soon on their tail , but not on their bumper , Reinhold said . Thus , they were n't able to stop them before they drove about seven miles and through the gates of the Navy operations support center on Amnicola Hwy .
Abdulazeez emerged from the car with `` an assault rifle , a handgun and numerous magazines of ammunition , '' according to the FBI agent .
`` A service member from inside the facility observed them and opened fire on him , firing several rounds , '' Reinhold said . `` The shooter then responded by shooting into the building . ''
Authorities did not say whether or not the service member was authorized to carry a weapon at the facility , with Reinhold saying that 's something the military could look into . The FBI agent added that investigators found a total of two firearms that belonged to service members , though it was n't clear if the second one was discharged ; they did not say whether the firearms were personal or military weapons .
Once inside , Abdulazeez managed to kill one service member . ( It was not immediately clear if that person killed was the same one who 'd fired at him . ) They then made their way to a gated motor-pool area , where they fatally shot two others , according to Reinhold .
Abdulazeez killed two more service members before apparently trying to head back inside . Early information suggests that one gun was used to kill all five military personnel , ruling out the possibility of friendly fire .
`` At ( that ) point , they were engaged by the Chattanooga Police Department , '' Reinhold said . Police `` returned fire and neutralized the shooter . ''
By doing so , the FBI agent added , the police `` doubtlessly saved numerous lives . ''
Police and protesters clashed in Kolkata during a protest over farmers ' rights ,
Protesters in Kolkata improvised battering rams to take down police barricades . ( PTI )
Left leaders condemned the police action on protesters in Kolkata . ( PTI )
At 1:45 pm on Monday , Kolkata erupted at five different places . Even outside Mamata Banerjee 's office Nabanna , police and Left protesters clashed . The air was thick with teargas as police charged with batons . Protesters threw stones and fashioned battering rams out of logs to try and bring down police barricades.With major roads in central Kolkata turning into battlefields , traffic was disrupted in a wide radius and commuters stranded for almost two hours at some places . Clashes erupted at Dufferin Road , Hastings , Police Training School in Kolkata and at Satragachi and near Nabanna in Howrah.There were many injuries among protesters and police and , in a first of sorts , journalists too . They were beaten up unprovoked and for reasons unknown . The police denied it but a toxic spray was allegedly used on protesters near the Gandhi statue on Mayo Road , where senior Left leaders were camping . `` The police attack proves there is no democracy left in Bengal , '' said Biman Bose , CPM Polit Bureau member and Left Front chairperson . Congress leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury said , `` This is worse than Emergency . There is not freedom to protest . People were beaten up 7-8 km from Nabanna . Why ? `` Why did the Left hold the protest ? Ostensibly , for farmers ' rights , with 18 demands including rooting out corruption from Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act or MNREGA scheme . They sought employment guarantee for for 200 days a year at Rs 300 a day , a procurement price hike for rice , potato and mustard and pension for farmers over 60.Mamata Banerjee was in Birbhum today , seemingly indifferent . Senior minister Partha Chatterjee said , `` There 's nothing left of the Left . They are just trying to stay somehow in the public eye . `` Even as the protests wound down by about 3:30 PM , at Dufferin Road police suddenly lathi-charged journalists . Several reporters , camera-persons and photographers were injured and had to be rushed to the hospital . Press Club Kolkata has condemned the attacks and demanded a probe into the matter . BJP , fighting for second place in Bengal , watched today 's clashes closely . They are marching , as planned earlier , to Kolkata Police Headquarters , Lalbazar , on Thursday . `` BJP demands a judicial probe into police lathi-charge on journalists , '' BJP General Secretary Rahul Sinha said .
Today 's announcement in The Hague is critical first step in crackdown on violence and theft in global trade in land and natural resources
A move by the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court to expand its focus signals a landmark shift in international criminal justice and could reshape how business is done in developing countries , says Global Witness . Company executives , politicians and other individuals could now be held criminally responsible under international law for crimes linked to land grabbing and environmental destruction .
Global Witness has been campaigning for the ICC to investigate crimes committed amid the global rush for land and natural resources , which has seen an area the size of Germany leased to investors in developing countries since 2000 . ( 1 ) This has led to millions of people being evicted from their land – illegally and often violently - in countries that lack functioning national courts .
At its worst , this violence is fatal . According to Global Witness data , in 2015 more than three people were murdered a week defending their land from theft and destructive industries – the deadliest year on record . ( 2 ) Conflicts over mining were the number one cause of killings , followed by agribusiness , hydroelectric dams and logging .
“ Chasing communities off their land and trashing the environment has become an accepted way of doing business in many resource-rich yet cash-poor countries , ” said Gillian Caldwell , Executive Director at Global Witness .
“ Today 's decision by the ICC shows that the age of impunity is coming to an end . Company bosses and politicians complicit in violently seizing land , razing tropical forests or poisoning water sources could soon find themselves standing trial in the Hague alongside war criminals and dictators . The ICC 's interest could help improve the lives of millions of people and protect critical ecosystems . ”
In its 14-year history the ICC has focused almost exclusively on crimes committed during armed conflict , whether crimes against humanity or war crimes . This has left a significant blind spot in the Court 's approach – it was not investigating mass atrocities committed in the name of profit that occur during peacetime .
Today the Court 's Prosecutor , Fatou B. Bensouda , acknowledged this hole in its focus , adding to its priority list the investigation of crimes that result in the illegal dispossession of land , the illegal exploitation of natural resources and the destruction of the environment . The move comes ahead of a decision by the Prosecutor whether to investigate a case filed in 2014 that catalogues mass human rights abuses linked to systematic land seizures in Cambodia , where business leaders have been working hand-in-glove with the country 's kleptocratic government . ( 3 )
This change to ICC policy is a critical first step in addressing the legal vacuum that is helping drive violence and theft in the global trade in land . Across much of Africa , Asia and Latin America , rural communities lack legal rights to land , despite having relied upon it for generations . In major consumer blocs like the EU and the US , traders or investors are under no legal obligation to check that products like palm oil , rubber or gold were legally or ethically sourced .
In an effort to bring an end to the secrecy and impunity that pervade the land sector , Global Witness is campaigning for new EU laws to prevent European investors from financing land grabs abroad , as well as for international regulations to ensure that companies are legally obliged to respect land rights wherever they operate .
“ The ICC announcement sends a powerful message that the terrible impacts of land grabbing and environmental destruction have been acknowledged at the highest level of criminal justice , ” said Gillian Caldwell .
“ National governments and legislators should now follow suit . Land rights must be strengthened in countries that sell land , and respected by the companies that invest in it . A far stronger legal architecture is required internationally to bring an end to the human suffering and environmental cost of the global trade in land . ”
/ENDS
For more information , briefings or interviews please contact :
Alice Harrison : +44 ( 0 ) 7841 338792 , [ email protected ]
Notes to editors :
( 1 ) At least 38.9 million hectares of land has been leased to companies or put under negotiation since 2000 . See the Land Matrix Project ( as of March 2016 ) http : //www.landmatrix.org/en/
( 2 ) Global Witness ( June 2016 ) On Dangerous Ground , https : //www.globalwitness.org/en/reports/dangerous-ground
( 3 ) This case will be a key test for the ICC 's new policy . If accepted , this would be the first case in international criminal law where the primary allegations relate to the illegal exploitation of land . Corporate actors in Cambodia could be the prime targets for investigation - they have been complicit in a widespread and systematic campaign of illegal land seizures , leading to the forcible displacement of hundreds of thousands of Cambodians with the help of the state police , military and judiciary . The case was filed at the ICC by international human rights lawyer Richard J Rogers , of the law firm Global Diligence LLP , relying on evidence collected by Cambodian and international organisations , including Global Witness .
Continuing our series looking at the Green Bay Packers ' 90-man roster prior to training camp , we examine the cornerback position and reveal our pre-camp predictions for the team 's 2017 53-man roster . Ten APC contributors submitted full roster predictions , and we will present the consensus predictions drawn from those individual guesses over the days leading up to the start of camp .
Today , we come to the final set of predictions for the Packers ' 53-man roster , with two days to go until Wednesday , when the team reports for training camp . The final group is the specialists , of which there are currently three on the roster . The Packers have been known to mix things up in training camps past when they were unsatisfied with results , and there 's also a longtime veteran still hanging out on the free agent wire who could come into play in a few weeks .
Here are the players currently on the roster
Returning Players
Mason Crosby , K
Year : 11th
Age : 33 ( in September )
How acquired : 6th-round draft pick in 2007 ( 193 overall )
Crosby 's job is safe ; they nailed three field goals from 50-plus yards in the final two minutes of last year 's divisional round win over the Cowboys , sending the Packers to the NFC Championship Game . They had a disappointing miss from 41 in that game , which was one of many mistakes by the entire team .
In the regular season , Crosby was their usual solid if unspectacular self , hitting 87 % of their field goals ( the second-highest mark over a single season in their career ) . They did miss a surprising three extra points , however , after missing just three combined over the previous six seasons .
New Acquisitions
Justin Vogel , P
Year : Rookie
Age : 23
How acquired : Signed as an undrafted free agent in 2017
Vogel was one of the Packers ' initial UDFA signings this season following the draft , and was the Miami Hurricanes ' punter for the last three years . They averaged 43 gross yards per punt in college , but was known for their placement more than their power . That seems to be the Packers ' trend , after the team went with Jacob Schum last season . Schum is now gone after suffering an injury , leaving Vogel as the incumbent and with the job theirs to lose .
Derek Hart , LS
Year : Rookie
Age : 24
How acquired : Signed as a free agent in 2017
Hart , a rookie out of James Madison University , was out of football last season but signed with the Packers a few weeks before the draft . They and Taybor Pepper competed at the position through rookie minicamp , after which Pepper was cut loose . If Hart can show consistent accuracy and maybe make a play or two in punt coverage , the job could very well be his . However , they are far from a sure thing , since there is a veteran looming over the shoulder of any young long-snapper the Packers bring in .
Summary
Crosby 's job is the only one that 's a sure thing at this point ; the Packers could easily bring in additional competition for either Vogel or Hart . In fact , it would not be a stunner if the team were to bring back a former Packer at either position ; both Tim Masthay and Brett Goode are still on the market as free agents . Although the team jettisoned Masthay during training camp last year in favor of Jacob Schum ( who was waived with an injury settlement during OTAs ) , it could be possible that the team would bring them in should Vogel struggle significantly in camp .
As for long snapper , just last season the Packers tried out Rick Lovato through training camp but brought Goode back just before the regular season began . After another season without any bad snaps , it is easy to imagine the team keeping that option open for 2017 as well .
Stay tuned and follow along with these players as camp progresses .
MAC RiRi Woo Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo Lipstick ( $ 15.00 for 0.10 oz . ) is described as a “ matte cool red [ with a retro matte finish ] . ” It 's a deep , medium-dark red with strong cool undertones and a matte finish . MAC Ruby Woo is absolutely similar–it 's very , very similar . RiRi Woo is inspired by Ruby Woo , but the difference is very slight–there 's a noticeable difference in darkness and undertone when the two are swatched side-by-side , but applied , it is incredibly difficult to tell .
Other possible dupes include : MAC Ronnie Red is pinker , has more of a sheen . Rimmel # 111 is not as blue-based and has a glossier sheen . MAC Charmed , I 'm Sure is pinker . MAC Runaway Red is similar in darkness but it is slightly brown in comparison . NYX Chic Red has a slight sheen but it is somewhat similar . NARS Mascate is darker and brown-toned in comparison . NARS Dragon Girl is cooler-toned .
The retro matte finish is drier and stiff ; it 's the type of texture that I think you can apply best with a lip brush , because it allows you better control and precision . Because it can be stiff , it will tug/pull on the lip while you 're applying it , which means you may use too much force and it will easily jag outside the lip . The color is incredibly pigmented , though ; one swipe and you will see fully opaque color coverage . RiRi Woo has Rihanna 's signature etched around the side of the lipstick itself , but there was nothing on the packaging or exterior packaging . The color is a classic , retro red with cool undertones , but if you have Ruby Woo , RiRi Woo will feel redundant . This just arrived about an hour ago , so I have n't worn it for long , but so far it feels much like Ruby Woo , so I would expect six to eight hours of wear , some staining , and possibly be slightly drying over time .
P.S . — Watch for a giveaway of RiRi Woo soon ! I purchased mine , but I received a press sample this morning , so I 'll be giving away the one I purchased here on the blog .
Sephora Beautylish Ulta Nordstrom More We hope you 'll consider supporting Temptalia by shopping through our links below . Thanks !
MAC RiRi Woo Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo ( Left ) / Ruby Woo ( Right ) Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo ( Left ) / Ruby Woo ( Right ) Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo ( Left ) / Ruby Woo ( Right ) Lipstick
MAC RiRi Woo ( Left ) / Ruby Woo ( Right ) Lipstick
'Do n't need hard-hearted people , ' Chidambaram hits back at Narendra Modi after 'Recount Minister ' dig
Share EMAIL PRINT Narendra Modi during their rally in Vandalur New Delhi : today slammed Finance Minister P Chidambaram , saying under their leadership the country 's growth has plunged to new lows .
Calling Mr Chidambaram a `` Recount Minister '' in a dig at the Congress leader 's victory in the 2009 elections on recount , the BJP 's Prime Ministerial candidate said that under them and noted economist Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , India has registered high unemployment , fiscal debt and low growth .
`` Going to Harvard means nothing . What matters is hard work .... A man who has just studied in an ordinary school , sold tea and has not even seen the doors of Harvard has shown what it takes to handle economy , '' Mr Modi said at a huge public rally at Vandalur near Chennai .
Soon after the BJP leader 's speech , Mr Chidambaram hit back , saying , `` The country needs hard-working and highly educated people . It does not need hardworking and hard-hearted people . ''
`` The Recount Minister has been using foul language against me for quite some time now . I have been maintaining silence because the more mud you throw , lotus will blossom all the more , '' Mr Modi said today , adding , `` He behaves as if they were the first in the queue when God was distributing intelligence . ''
Earlier today , Mr Modi addressed rallies in Imphal and Guwahati where they lashed out at the Centre and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
Narendra Modi today slammed Finance Minister P Chidambaram , saying under their leadership the country 's growth has plunged to new lows.Calling Mr Chidambaram a `` Recount Minister '' in a dig at the Congress leader 's victory in the 2009 elections on recount , the BJP 's Prime Ministerial candidate said that under them and noted economist Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , India has registered high unemployment , fiscal debt and low growth . `` Going to Harvard means nothing . What matters is hard work .... A man who has just studied in an ordinary school , sold tea and has not even seen the doors of Harvard has shown what it takes to handle economy , '' Mr Modi said at a huge public rally at Vandalur near Chennai.Soon after the BJP leader 's speech , Mr Chidambaram hit back , saying , `` The country needs hard-working and highly educated people . It does not need hardworking and hard-hearted people . `` Last month , the Finance Minister had said Mr Modi 's knowledge of the economy can be written on the back of a postage stamp . `` The Recount Minister has been using foul language against me for quite some time now . I have been maintaining silence because the more mud you throw , lotus will blossom all the more , '' Mr Modi said today , adding , `` He behaves as if they were the first in the queue when God was distributing intelligence . '' Earlier today , Mr Modi addressed rallies in Imphal and Guwahati where they lashed out at the Centre and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . NDTV Beeps - your daily newsletter
Columbus will add a bus line from downtown to Port Columbus Airport in 2016
Photo and Story by Walker Evans , Courtesy of Columbus Underground
Currently , if you want to take the bus from the airport to downtown for any Columbus events , you 've got to hop on the south-bound # 2 line to head east on Main Street and transfer to the # 92 to head north on James/Stelzer Road . If that does n't already sound like a little bit of a hassle , then you should also note that both of these bus lines are local service , which means that they stop every couple of blocks , stretching the trip into nearly an hour-long adventure . The Central Ohio Transit Authority wants to fix that sometime next year with the introduction of a new express-style service .
Read Full Article Here
105 SHARES Facebook Twitter Flipboard Stumbleupon Reddit
Cuvée De 75 blends three popular barrel-aged brews .
Warped Wing Brewing Company , a Dayton craft brewery and Listermann Brewing Company , a Cincinnati craft brewery , have joined forces to create a new Bourbon Barrel Aged beer . The collaborative brew is a blend of Bourbon Barrel Aged Chickow ! , Bourbon Barrel Aged Pirogue and Bourbon Barrel Aged Abominator .
See Warped Wing 's John Haggerty in Episode 1 of Turning Craft .
At 11 % ABV , Cuvée De 75 will be available in both bottle and draft and is an extremely limited release . To add to the excitement , Warped Wing and Listermann are one of , if not the first , to include the Brewers Association 's new Independent Craft seal on the label .
“ I really like what the crew at Listermann 's is doing . So , having the opportunity to work with them was something that I simply could n't pass up . It was a lot of fun and I think the blending project is a unique take on collaboration ” said Warped Wing Brewmaster John Haggerty . Jason Brewer , General Manager for Listermann/Triple Digit Brewing Company said , “ Over the years , we 've had a lot of beers with the guys up at Warped Wing and threw around a lot of ideas on what to make together . Finally during a conference and out way past Nick 's bedtime , we had the idea of blending barrels to make a beer that is better than each individual part by itself . I think we absolutely nailed it . ”
The two breweries will be kicking off Ohio Brew Week Saturday , July 15th at Listermann Brewing in Cincinnati at 10am for the Cuvée De 75 bottle release . At 3pm that day there will be a draft tapping at Warped Wing Brewing in Dayton . Listermann will be offering 4pk 12oz bottles for $ 19.99 . Quantities are extremely limited . Collaborative events will also be scheduled for the public in the following weeks .
About Warped Wing Brewing
Warped Wing Brewing Co. is a craft brewery inspired by Dayton 's rich history of innovation and invention . We are committed to carrying that spirit forward in today 's craft beer scene by brewing new proprietary beer styles and our own “ warped ” interpretations . We also focus on creating unique seasonal and specialty beers . We have a full-scale production brewery in the heart of downtown Dayton in the site of the old Buckeye Brass & Iron Foundry circa 1938 . We brew and distribute our beers to local restaurants , bars , grocery and retailers in the Dayton , Cincinnati and Columbus markets . In addition to distributing our beers , we have an Industrial style Tasting Room where guests can sample our various beer offerings while appreciating views of the downtown skyline or the cathedral of stainless steel . If you are on-the-go , we will sell growlers , package beer and kegs to share with friends off-site . We also offer food service via our friends at Spent Grain Grill .
I was raised in a generically protestant home . Up until my father died when I was eight , we went to church twice every Sunday , we prayed before meals , my three siblings and I were involved in the children 's and teen 's groups . We were taught what sorts of things to look for in a church . We were taught what churches we ought to avoid . On this list was the Catholic Church . I never questioned this much when I was younger . I accepted that faith and your bible and the Lord 's infinite mercy were going to get you into heaven . I believed that a good church could definitely help , but were n't necessarily necessary . After my dad died my family quit going to church . Mom had a falling out with some of the people at the church we had been attending , and we never found a church everyone liked . To be honest , as a child , I preferred staying home on Sundays and getting to sleep in to having to wear dress clothes and sit in church for an hour . I suspect mom just got tired of fighting with their four kids .
When I was getting ready to move to college , I remember having a heart to heart talk with my mom . I knew I wanted to find a church . I wanted to take a more active role in my spiritual life , and felt that I needed guidance . I asked mom for advice about what to look for in a church . They gave me a set of guidelines to follow . Avoid churches where they speak in tongues . When you go to a new church , be cautious at first . Pay attention to your gut feeling . If something feels off , leave . Do n't go to a Catholic church , do n't go to a mormon church , and stay away from Jehovah 's witnesses . Look for a pastor that uses their bible . Oh , and the Lutherans are secretly Catholic , so do n't go there either . Armed with this guidance , I moved away for college .
Before I actually started my first semester , I was given an opportunity to earn six college credits in three weeks . It was an intense time , but while I was there , I met someone who would become my best friend . We shared bunk beds at the school 's biological station . We had a lot in common , both had two brothers and a younger sister , liked similar music , movies , enjoyed watching the Potter Puppet Pals ( good times ) . We both loved Jesus , but they were Catholic . I was very concerned for their soul at first , and I had a million questions . Fortunately , they had a million answers . We discussed how when Catholics pray to saints , it is n't like when we pray to Jesus . Rather it 's like asking the saint to ask Jesus for things on your behalf . Just like asking a friend to pray for you , except if your friend is dead . We talked about the pope , and how they can't/does n't just make up random things the church has to follow . We talked about the hierarchy of the church , why it 's important and how it works . We talked about how Catholics honor Mary as being the mother of God , but do n't worship them Worship is reserved for God alone . We talked about why Catholics go to confession instead of just being like “ Hey God . I screwed up . Sorry. ” in their heads like protestants do . They told me about how confession can at times be scary , but can also be an incredibly freeing experience . We talked about priests , why they ca n't have families , and how they 're different from a protestant pastor . They told me about the Eucharist , and how at every mass , the bread and wine become Jesus Christ , body , blood , soul , and divinity .
For every question I had , they had an answer . At the same time , they were one of the kindest , smartest , most genuine people I had ever met . That coupled with their complete certainty led me to question what I had been taught . I took all the answers I 'd been given to all the questions my mom had taught me to ask , and I went back to my mom . I asked them the questions , and got no answers . I did n't just automatically assume my friend was right after that . I just figured my mom did n't know . I started asking lots of people I trusted about Catholicism . Any time I got a good counterargument , I would take it back to my friend and she 'd explain the Catholic teaching and why the argument was flawed . When they did n't know the answer to my questions , they knew where to look , or who to ask . Without fail , there was always an answer to my misgivings .
One of the first weekends of my first semester of college , my friend talked me into going with them to mass . I remember being terrified . As we went in , I took note of every exit and mentally prepared myself to flee in terror if a demon popped up or something . Once we actually entered the chapel , in spite of myself , I felt a sense of awe . I could feel on an instinctive level that I was in a holy place . This did n't stop me from being scared , but I 'll never forget the way the chapel seemed to quietly demand reverence the first time I walked in . Mass itself seemed… kind of boring actually . Nothing horrible happened . No one died . No one accidentally opened a portal to hell unleashing countless horrors to the world . They just read the bible , prayed a few times , and did communion for like 20 minutes . For how terrible they had been made out to be , their service was n't very impressive .
My friend spent a lot of time at that church , and since I wanted to spend a lot of time with her , so did I . Over the course of the first year , I slowly stopped being afraid . I learned a lot about Jesus from my protestant bible study , and I learned a lot about Catholicism from my Catholic friend . The next year , I even found the courage to go on a retreat my friend invited me to . I was the only protestant on the retreat that time , and I was still nervous . On this retreat , I made more friends . I really bonded with this group of Catholics in ways I failed to bond at other churches . I was loved and accepted and it was awesome . I even signed up to help cook for the next retreat the following year . The friends I made that weekend supported me more than some of the people I 'd been friends with for a whole year . When I got baptized that semester , there were several people from that group who came to see it while not one person from my protestant bible study could make it . It was the little things like that that sparked my emotional conversion .
During my junior year of college , my friend traveled abroad for the year to study in Germany . I thought that year was going to be the end of my involvement with the Catholic Church . I 'd go back to my protestant church and make friends there and it would be grand . Something kept drawing me to the Catholic church though . I was still resisting the idea of being Catholic . During this time , I quit going to the church I 'd joined . No one from that church said anything , and frankly , I 'm not sure that they noticed . I knew it would n't be fair to keep going to the Catholic church and not go all in . I knew I could n't serve two masters . For my own peace of mind , I would either have to stop going to the Catholic church , or become Catholic . Stubbornly , I stopped going to the Catholic church . For about a week . At that time , I could n't stay away anymore . I missed the people , I missed the quiet sort of divine peace in the chapel . I missed my friends . I later found out that around the same time I came back to the church , a friend had dropped by my apartment because they had n't seen me around that week and was worried . It had been about two months since I had walked away from my protestant church . and they had n't said a thing . It felt like a sign from God .
That fall , I began the year-long series of classes known as RCIA ( Rite of Christian Initiation for Adults ) . I told myself I was just learning more about the faith . I was n't necessarily going to commit yet . I remained on the fence for a while longer . During that time , I signed up to give a talk on the church 's student run retreat . I remember the theme that semester was “ be courageous. ” During this talk , I shared some deeply personal things . I talked about my father dying , and how devastated I still felt sometimes . I talked about a years long struggle with pornography . I talked about how scared I was of change because my childhood taught me that every time something changes , things get ten times worse . I shared the most intimate details of my life with those people . I do n't really know what I expected , but what I got was a lot of love and support . They saw my brokenness , and loved me for it . That was when I knew I was going to become Catholic . I was afraid my mom might disown me , but intellectually and emotionally I could find no fault with the church . I was ready to bet my soul that the Catholic church has the most direct path to heaven .
I remember making my first confession . For like two weeks I read through every examination of conscience I could find . I made a big list , and brought with me to my appointment with the priest . The whole thing only took about ten minutes . It was beautiful . Before , I just had to take it on faith that my sins were forgiven , here Jesus was telling me through the priest that they forgave all my sins . All of them . The whole list . It was awesome .
The following week during the Easter vigil , I was accepted into full communion with the Catholic church . My family even came . I forgot to tell them it was going to be two hours long . It wound up being three and a half hours long . Oops . It 's been a little over three years since then . I 've grown and changed a lot in that time , but I definitely do n't regret my choice . I 'd still bet anything that the Catholic church has the straightest easiest path to heaven . I 'm not the greatest at following that path , but that 's why there 's confession . Life is n't magically better now because I 'm Catholic , but I 'm glad I followed God here .
Until next week , God bless you .
Love ,
Michelle
Modi not letting ACB work , alleges Kejriwal
India
oi-IANS
By Ians
New Delhi , Aug 9 : Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday took potshots at Prime Minister Narendra Modi , saying they were not letting the city government 's Anti-Corruption Branch ( ACB ) function .
`` Either let us ( Aam Aadmi Party government ) do work , or you ( Modi ) do . Take our Anti-Corruption Branch ( ACB ) , if you wish , but at least do something , '' Kejriwal said at an event in Burari area of north Delhi .
`` After the formation of our government in Delhi , in three months we abolished corruption from the capital , but on June 8 , Narendra Modi sent paramilitary forces and took over our ACB , '' they said .
Taking a jibe at Modi 's `` Na khaunga , na khane dunga '' ( Wo n't take bribe , wo n't allow corruption ) remark , Kejriwal said the central government has now adopted the policy of `` Na kaam karunga , na kaam karne dunga '' ( Wo n't work , wo n't allow anyone to work ) .
`` Earlier they used to say 'Na khaunga na khaane dunga ' , now they say 'Na kaam karunga , na kaam karne dunga ' , '' they said .
The event marked the addition of 600 more beds to the 200-bed hospital at Burari .
Taking a dig at the Bharatiya Janata Party , Kejriwal said their government was working round-the-clock to deliver on all its promises , but the BJP was busy in taking revenge on the AAP .
`` We are working 24 hours to fulfill all our promises , but the BJP is busy in taking revenge on us . Every month , they ( Delhi Police at the behest of the BJP ) detain one of our MLAs , '' they said .
`` They ( BJP ) have put the entire Delhi Police force in arresting our MLAs . They do not have time for women 's safety , '' they added .
• Unusual Reading At Chatanooga Nuclear Plant
• Milk Contamination At EPA Maximum
• The Highest Levels Yet In Boise Rainwater
[ UPDATED with FDA 's Derived Intervention Level , EPA 's MCL for Cesium-137 ]
Radiation from Japan has been detected in drinking water in 13 more American cities , and cesium-137 has been found in American milk—in Montpelier , Vermont—for the first time since the Japan nuclear disaster began , according to data released by the Environmental Protection Agency late Friday .
Milk samples from Phoenix and Los Angeles contained iodine-131 at levels roughly equal to the maximum contaminant level permitted by EPA in drinking water , the data shows . The Phoenix sample contained 3.2 picoCuries per liter of iodine-131 . The Los Angeles sample contained 2.9 . The EPA maximum contaminant level is 3.0 , but this is a conservative standard designed to minimize exposure over a lifetime , so EPA does not consider these levels to pose a health threat . The FDA , not the EPA , regulates milk .
[ UPDATE : The FDA 's Derived Intervention Level for iodine-131 in milk is much higher : 4700 picoCuries per liter . Read why . ]
The cesium-137 found in milk in Vermont is the first cesium detected in milk since the Fukushima-Daichi nuclear accident occurred last month . The sample contained 1.9 picoCuries per liter of cesium-137 . ( EPA 's maximum contanimant level for Cesium-137 is 200 pCi/L ) .
Radioactive isotopes accumulate in milk after they spread through the atmosphere , fall to earth in rain or dust , and settle on vegetation , where they are ingested by grazing cattle . Iodine-131 is known to accumulate in the thyroid gland , where it can cause cancer and other thyroid diseases . Cesium-137 accumulates in the body 's soft tissues , where it increases risk of cancer , according to EPA .
Airborne contamination continues to cross the western states , the new data shows , and Boise has seen the highest concentrations of radioactive isotopes in rain so far .
A rainwater sample collected in Boise on March 27 contained 390 picocures per liter of iodine-131 , plus 41 of cesium-134 and 36 of cesium-137 . EPA released this result for the first time yesterday . Typically several days pass between sample collection and data release because of the time required to collect , transport and analyze the samples .
In most of the data released Friday the levels of contaminants detected are far below the standards observed by EPA and other U.S. agencies .
But the EPA drinking-water data includes one outlier—an unusually , but not dangerously , high reading in a drinking water sample from Chatanooga , Tennessee .
The sample was collected at the Tennessee Valley Authority 's Sequoyah nuclear plant . A Tennessee official told the Chatanooga Times last week that radiation from Japan had been detected at Sequoyah but is `` 1,000 to 10,000 times below any levels of concern . '' The 1.6 picocures per liter reported by the EPA on Friday is slightly more than half the maximum contaminant level permitted in drinking water , but more uniquely , it is many times higher than all the other drinking water samples collected in the U.S .
[ UPDATE : EPA released new data Saturday revealing higher levels than reported here in Little Rock milk and Philadelphia drinking water ]
The EPA released this new data through a new interactive open-data system it quietly launched on the EPA website Wednesday . The new interface is to be regularly updated , replacing EPA 's periodic news releases and pdf data charts . Here are more details of the data released Friday :
Drinking Water
Radioactive Iodine-131 was found in drinking water samples from 13 cities . Those cities are listed below , with the amount of Iodine-131 in picocuries per liter . The EPA 's maximum contaminant level for Iodine-131 in drinking water is 3 picocuries per liter .
Oak Ridge , TN collected 3/28 : 0.63
Oak Ridge , TN collected at three sites 3/29 : 0.28 , 0.20 , 0.18
Chatanooga , TN collected 3/28 : 1.6
Helena , MT collected 3/28 : 0.18
Columbia , PA collected 3/29 : 0.20
Cincinatti , OH collected 3/28 : 0.13
Pittsburgh , PA collected 3/28 : 0.36
East Liverpool , OH collected 3/30 : 0.42
Painesville , OH collected 3/29 : 0.43
Denver , CO collected 3/30 : 0.17
Detroit , MI collected 3/31 : 0.28
Trenton , NJ collected 3/31 : 0.38
Waretown , NJ collected 3/31 : 0.38
Muscle Shoals , AL collected 3/31 : 0.16
Precipitation
In the data released Friday , iodine-131 was found in rainwater samples from the following locations :
Salt Lake City , UT collected 3/17 : 8.1
Boston , MA collected 3/22 : 92
Montgomery , Alabama collected 3/30 : 3.7
Boise , ID collected 3/27 : 390
As reported above , the Boise sample also contained 42 pC/m3 of Cesium-134 , and 36 of Cesium-137 .
Air
In the most recent data , iodine-131 was found in air filters in the following locations . In the case of air samples , the radiation is measured in picoCuries per cubic meter .
Montgomery , AL collected 3/31 : 0.055
Nome AK collected 3/30 : 0.17
Nome AK collected 3/29 : 0.36
Nome AK collected 3/27 : 0.36
Nome AK collected 3/26 : 0.46
Nome AK collected 3/25 : 0.26
Juneau AKcollected 3/26 : 0.43
Juneau AK collected 3/27 : 0.38
Juneau AK collected 3/30 : 0.28
Dutch Harbor AK collected 3/30 : 0.14
Dutch Harbor AK collected 3/29 : 0.11
Dutch Harbor AK colleccted 3/26 : 0.21
Boise , ID collected 3/27 : 0.22
Boise , ID collected 3/29 : 0.27
Boise , ID collected 3/28 : 0.32
Las Vegas NV collected 3/28 : 0.30
Las Vegas , NV collected 3/30 : : 0.088
Las Vegas , NV collected 3/29 : 0.044
No other types of isotopes were found in the most recent data from air samples , even though EPA is also on the lookout for barium-140 , cobalt-60 , cesium-134 , cesium-136 , cesium-137 , iodine-132 , iodine-133 , tellurium-129 , and tellurium-132 .
In older samples , isotopes of cesium and tellurium were found in Boise ; Las Vegas ; Nome and Dutch Harbor ; Honolulu , Kauai and Oahu , Hawaii ; Anaheim , Riverside , San Francisco , and San Bernardino , California ; Jacksonville and Orlando , Florida ; Salt Lake City , Utah ; Guam , and Saipan on the Marina Islands .
Some of these locations had not been previously reported in EPA news releases .
The EPA has said it will continue to monitor radiation levels in air , precipitation , drinking water , and milk even if the budget impasse shuts down the government next week .
There is more discussion of maximum contaminant levels and health concerns in the related links below and their associated comments :
Related Posts :
They - and the report - propose a `` bilateral mobility zone '' agreement between Australia and Britain , modelled on the trans-Tasman agreement between Australia and New Zealand . Decrease in Australians : The Walkabout pub in central London . Any Australian or New Zealander who wanted to travel to , live and work in Britain would get a free visa – although they would not get immediate access to welfare support . The same would apply for British citizens who wanted to work in Australia . `` Extra Brits would never be seen as alien , '' the report predicted .
`` Nor would Aussies or Kiwis in Britain . The issue may come down to political climates and the resulting political will . `` It would certainly allow a greater flourishing of our common unity . `` The UK , Australia , Canada and New Zealand share the same head of state , the same language and the same common-law legal system . Critically , they are all highly economically developed democracies and there is also a distinct common culture and familial bond between them . `` Taken together this has led some to ask why policies of free movement do n't already exist . '' However , the report conceded that the idea would have to wait until after the British elections next May – and warned that `` grasping the nettle of immigration policy is always replete with trials in Britain '' .
The report quoted an unnamed Australian teacher who described how red tape had almost prevented them from staying and working in Britain , after their application to renew their work visa was initially declined . `` Jumping through hoops , playing the waiting game and being in limbo is definitely something I wish not to have [ again ] any time soon , '' they said . `` The amount of processes that Australian and New Zealand and other Commonwealth citizens have to do just to stay in the UK is absolutely ridiculous . '' It also quoted an Australian electrician who arrived on a youth mobility visa , planning to work and travel for a few years , `` fell in love '' with Britain , and found a company willing to sponsor them to stay . However , the company changed its mind because of the `` strict and long process '' required to get a visa , which included conducting a labour market test to ensure that nobody in Britain or the European Union could do the job better .
The report also recommended extending the same option to Canadians . Mr Johnson first proposed the idea of a `` bilateral labour mobility zone '' between Britain , Australia and New Zealand in August last year . In a foreword to the report , they said it was `` the beginning of a long-overdue discussion about how we engage with Commonwealth citizens '' . `` In 2013 , I visited Australia and was reminded of the myriad enduring bonds between 'the English-speaking peoples ' , to use Churchill 's phrase , '' wrote Mr Johnson , who has just published a biography of the former prime minister . `` I was also struck by the strength of the Australian economy … It seems that almost all parts of the Commonwealth are brimming with a new energy and optimism at precisely the time that the European Union is struggling .
`` As we reconsider Britain 's place in the world , I want us to reconsider how we engage with Commonwealth peoples . '' The report was written by Tim Hewish , a former academic and Conservative researcher who co-founded a new think tank called Commonwealth Exchange , which is aimed at promoting trade , education and strategic co-operation within the Commonwealth . They wrote that the Commonwealth had `` fallen out of fashion in recent years '' but this was to the detriment of Britons . The Commonwealth had a population of 2.3 billion including a growing labour force and middle class , with a common lingua franca - English - and much of it sharing English common law . `` However at present the UK underutilises this network and the Commonwealth is undermined by an outmoded UK visa regime , '' they said .
Migration from what they called the `` old Commonwealth '' had crashed : Australian migration to Britain had gone from 40,000 in 1999 to 26,000 in 2001 ; New Zealand migration from 18,000 in 2000 to 8000 in 2011 ; and South African migration from 37,000 in 2004 to just 5000 in 2012 . The report also recommended extending the Youth Mobility visa , which applies to only a handful of nations , to more Commonwealth countries . It says there should be a `` Commonwealth concession '' on the cost of tourist and business-tourist visas . Last October , Chris Hancock , general manager at the Walkabout pub in central London , told Fairfax Media they had noticed the decrease in Australians from behind the bar . The cost of living in Britain had grown significantly , they said .
`` Rents are through the roof . The general consensus among Aussies is they can make more money at home on the mines . `` When the pound was worth three Aussie dollars , London 's jobs were plentiful and rents not so exorbitant ; it was possible to go over , work in a bar job , and see Europe . You could party hard and still save a nest-egg for the return to Australia , Now , not so much . `` They realise how expensive it is to live in London and they think , 'Bugger it , I 'll travel a bit then go home . ' `` Comment is being sought from the government and the opposition .
The world of web behavioral tracking is a mess .
Advertisers are eager to make it more effective , governments want to regulate it , and web users are generally horrified of its potential .
But out of chaos comes opportunity , and advertising technology company Evidon has risen to take advantage of the turmoil .
At Evidon 's core is Ghostery , a browser extension that allows users to block any and all the web trackers they encounter while browsing the web . A more hardcore subset of these users , called “ GhostRank ” even anonymously sends that data back to Evidon , which adds the trackers to its database .
Ghostery fills a major void among web users , roughly four million of whom have downloaded the extension in the last year . It 's no surprise that web behavioral trackers have created a lot of paranoid web users .
But while Ghostery is a valuable tool for the privacy-obsessed , Evidon is savvy enough to know that it ca n't make money solely by blocking tracking cookies . So , the company had a smart and somewhat devious idea : Why not take its trove of data and sell it to the very companies Ghostery users are blocking ?
After all , the thinking goes , many ad networks sell their advertisements via real-time bidding , so they often lack a clear idea of where their tags are appearing . In short , online ad networks are just as hungry for information about web users as they are for data about themselves . Ghostery gives them that information .
This gives Evidon a clear target market and even clearer plan of attack : Use Ghostery users to build the tracker database , then turn around and license the data to ad networks who can use the data to bolster their own efforts .
“ We 've got a really nice business model , ” Evidon CEO Scott Meyer boasted in an interview with VentureBeat .
Ghostery data is also the backbone of Evidon Encompass , a performance tool that allows website owners to get a better idea of what web entities are running on their pages .
This is a key ability for developers , because as the number of web elements on a webpage climbs , so too does the time it takes for the page to load . And that 's no good for websites , which can lose visitors as a result of sagging performance .
Perhaps most key is that Evidon is leading the ad industry 's charge for self-regulation , an effort that 's becoming more important as the number of advertising networks continues to climb . ( And do n't even get Meyer started on the whole government-proposed do-not-track initiatives . Suffice it to say that he 's not a fan . )
Ghostery adds roughly 70 new trackers to its database every three months , and for many companies , appearing in the database has become a sign of maturity .
This is something Meyer is proud of . “ When a new web tracker comes on the scene , they often want to be listed in Ghostery . It 's proof that they 've arrived and have influence , ” Meyer said .
All of this information is , again , built on the efforts of Ghostery users , who improve the Ghostery experience by letting the team know when they pick up on a new tracker . Without its user base , Evidon would be a shell of itself . But with them , Evidon is well on its way to becoming a central piece of the behavioral tracking puzzle .
But how much do Ghostery users know about where their contributions go ? While it 's hard to say for sure , Evidon maintains a FAQ detailing the connection between Ghostery and its parent company . And while most users probably are n't aware of the connection , it 's not something that the company goes out of its way to hide .
Meyer says that , for Evidon , transparency is vital . “ We 're really transparent about what we do with all the Ghostery data , ” Meyer said . “ Our business model is built on that , ” they said .
A large American cannabis retailer has secured a foothold in the Canadian market by taking a “ significant ” stake in a Calgary startup producer amid a recent spate of deal-making in the fledgling marijuana sector .
Denver 's privately held LivWell Enlightened Health , one of Colorado 's largest producers and retailers that reportedly surpassed $ 100 million in annual revenue , has bought an undisclosed share of Calgary-based 51st Parallel Life Sciences .
The private deal gives the Alberta company access to an experienced grower and retailer with a longer track record than any licensed Canadian player .
LivWell , in return , will reap the rewards of helping to build a producer and retailer in Canada with long-term plans to ship internationally , a reach not available to American companies .
“ No only do we gain their cannabis growth capabilities , but we get a level of retail experience that not a single producer in Canada could say they have , ” Jason Kujath , 51st Parallel 's president , said Wednesday .
51st Parallel is applying for a federal licence to grow cannabis in Lethbridge , where it plans to produce 3,500 kilograms of pot a year from a 50,000 square-foot facility , with room to nearly quadruple its production capacity . Its first harvest is expected by the third quarter of 2018 .
LivWell , which operates 14 stores in Colorado and another in Oregon with 200,000 square feet of production space , secures a “ significant ” stake but not a controlling interest in the Calgary firm , Kujath said .
The deal follows other mergers and acquisitions in the Canadian cannabis sector , expected to be worth billions in annual sales when retail is legalized July 1 .
Alberta 's Aurora Cannabis this week made a bid for Saskatoon-based CanniMed Therapeutics in an all-share deal valued at over $ 544 million , excluding debt .
Last month , New York-based Corona maker Constellation Brands bought a nearly 10 per cent stake in Ontario 's Canopy Growth for $ 245 million , with the option to double its ownership position in Canada 's largest pot producer for the same price .
Under the 51st Parallel deal , LivWell will become a third-party operator of its Lethbridge facility for five years and assist with the Calgary company 's plans to open three to five retail locations in Alberta planned for July 1 .
Since the production facility will not be harvesting the day retail sales are legalized , 51st Parallel will start by selling cannabis from other producers until its own crops are ready .
At that point , up to 70 per cent of products for sale at its retail locations would come from its own supply , with the balance shipped in from other growers .
Alberta became the second province after Manitoba to signal that private operators would be responsible for retail sales , though it has n't announced any details , including whether producers will be permitted to sell .
Dean Heizer , LivWell 's executive director , said their company was looking for an investment target where it could have a “ direct impact on the structuring and the building of the business , pretty much from the ground up . ”
“ We are a vertically integrated , seed-to-sale company , and this gave us an opportunity in Canada to do the same thing , ” Heizer said .
LivWell was ranked the top American marijuana producer , processor and retailer for the past two years by the Cannabis Business Executive , a Virginia-based online publication , which estimated the company 's revenues last year crested $ 100 million .
Rob Meagher , editor-in-chief of the company that publishes the rankings , said the Canadian pot market is attractive to American companies like LivWell because producers here can secure export permits to send medical cannabis to other countries with liberalized marijuana laws .
Lucrative new markets are opening in the European Union , Australia and parts of Latin America , but American producers are forbidden from exporting their marijuana .
Big Canadian producers , such as Aurora , Canopy and B.C.-based Tilray , have been increasing their international footprints in an effort to secure market share .
Kujath said 51st Parallel 's immediate goal is to become an established producer in Alberta , though they do plan to expand internationally over the longer term .
“ The game is about getting your … revenues increased because you have more consumers that have access to legally regulated cannabis , ” Meagher said .
“ That 's why , I believe , they 've invested in Canada . ”
rsouthwick @ postmedia.com
Whole-genome phylogenetic analyses place the tunicates as the true sister clade to vertebrates5 , and consequently they are well suited for investigating the evolutionary origins of the neural crest . In a previous report on the mangrove tunicate , a migratory cell population originating from the vicinity of the neural tube was likened to the neural crest6 . However , subsequent studies of eleven additional tunicates provided unequivocal evidence that these cells arise from the mesoderm flanking the neural tube7 . It was then suggested that a mesoderm-derived mesenchyme lineage ( A7.6 ) in Ciona possessed some of the properties of the neural crest8 , although these cells do not arise from the neural plate border and lack expression of key neural crest regulatory genes .
We present evidence that the bilateral a9.49 pigment cell lineage of Ciona embryos represents a rudimentary neural crest . It arises at the neural plate border and expresses several neural plate border genes , as well as a number of neural crest specification genes , including Id , Snail , Ets and FoxD8,9,10,11,12,13 ( Fig . 1a and Supplementary Fig . 1 ) . In vertebrates , MITF ( microphthalmia-associated transcription factor ) directly activates several target genes required for melanogenesis of neural-crest-derived melanocytes , including TYR and TYRP1 ( ref . 14 ) . In tunicates , Mitf is expressed in the a9.49 lineage15 , which can be labelled by electroporation of a reporter , Mitf > lacZ ( Mitf regulatory sequence driving the expression of lacZ ) ( Fig . 1b ) . The posterior daughters of the lineage ( a10.97 ) intercalate at the dorsal midline and form the gravity-sensing otolith and melanocyte of the light-detecting ocellus ( Fig . 1c ) 16 . We sought to understand the basis for the differential specification of these pigmented cells .
Figure 1 : Wnt signalling promotes ocellus formation . a , Schematic of neural plate at gastrulation , indicating the lineage-specific expression of enhancers in this study . b , Tailbud embryo electroporated with Mitf > lacZ , detected with an antibody ( green ) and hybridized with a Wnt7 probe ( red ) . ISH , in situ hybridization . c–f , Larvae electroporated with βγ-crystallin > GFP ( βγ-cry > GFP ) marks the otolith and anterior palps . c , Larva co-electroporated with Mitf > lacZ ( 166 of 196 had an otolith and ocellus ) . d , Larva co-electroporated with Mitf > Wnt7 ( 172 of 205 had two ocelli ) . e , Larva co-electroporated with Mitf > stable β-catenin ( 189 of 205 had two ocelli ) . f , Larva co-electroporated with Mitf > ΔTcf ( dominant-negative Tcf ) ( 100 of 205 had two otoliths ) . g , h , Larvae electroporated with Zicl > Ets–VP16 and βγ-crystallin > GFP . g , Larva co-electroporated with Mitf > lacZ ( 75 of 100 had extra otoliths ) . h , Larva co-electroporated with Mitf > Wnt7 ( only 11 of 100 had extra otoliths ) . Scale bars , 50 μm . Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Wnt signalling has a conserved role in neural crest induction , and promotes melanocyte formation from cephalic neural crest in zebrafish17 . Both a10.97 cells express Tcf/Lef , the transcriptional effector of Wnt signalling13 , thus Wnt may also have a role in Ciona melanogenesis . We found that Wnt7 is expressed along the dorsal midline just posterior to the presumptive ocellus ( Fig . 1b ) , suggesting that it might serve as a positional cue to trigger differentiation of the posterior a10.97 melanocyte .
Wnt signalling was selectively perturbed in the a9.49 lineage by the targeted misexpression of Wnt7 , stable β-catenin and dominant-negative Tcf ( ΔTcf , which lacks the β-catenin amino-terminal binding domain ) using the Mitf enhancer ( Fig . 1c–f ) . A βγ-crystallin reporter was used to distinguish the melanocytes , as it is expressed in the otolith but not the ocellus ( Fig . 1c ) . Both pigmented precursors were converted to ocelli after misexpression of Wnt7 in the a9.49 lineage ( Wnt7 is not normally expressed in this lineage ) ( Fig . 1d ) . A similar transformation was observed after targeted expression of a stabilized form of β-catenin , the coactivator of Tcf ( Fig . 1e ) . In contrast , misexpression of a dominant-negative form of Tcf ( Mitf > ΔTcf ) produced the reciprocal transformation : both a10.97 melanocytes differentiated into otoliths and expressed the βγ-crystallin reporter ( Fig . 1f ) .
Supernumerary otoliths were induced by the expression of a constitutively active form of the transcription factor for MAPK signalling , Ets1/2 ( also known as Ets/pointed2 ) ( Fig . 1g and Supplementary Fig . 2 ) . Co-electroporation of Mitf > Wnt7 transformed these extra otoliths into ocelli ( Fig . 1h ) . These results suggest that Wnt7 signalling is crucial in transforming otoliths to ocelli ; it specifies the ocellus and suppresses the development of the otolith . To determine the underlying mechanism we sought to identify neural crest specification genes that are selectively activated in the presumptive ocellus in response to Wnt7 signalling .
In vertebrates , Foxd3 has been shown to repress melanogenesis of neural crest cells through downregulation of Mitf14,18 . In Ciona , FoxD is activated directly by the accumulation of nuclear β-catenin in the early embryo , indicating a potential link between Wnt signalling and FoxD expression19 . We found that FoxD is selectively expressed in the presumptive ocellus , ( Fig . 2a , b ) adjacent to the site of Wnt7 expression in the dorsal midline ( Fig . 1b ) . A FoxD enhancer recapitulates this expression in the presumptive ocellus ( Fig . 2c ) , and is dependent on Wnt signalling , as expression is lost in the presence of ΔTcf ( Fig . 2d ) .
Figure 2 : FoxD represses Mitf in the ocellus . a , Tailbud embryo electroporated with Tyrp1 > lacZ detected with an antibody ( green ) marking the precursors of the otolith and ocellus , and hybridized with a FoxD probe ( red ) . b , FoxD is expressed in the posterior a10.97 cell . c , d , Tailbud embryos electroporated with FoxD > mCherry and Mitf > GFP . Arrowheads mark the presumptive ocellus . c , Co-electroporated with Mitf > lacZ ( 126 of 180 expressed mCherry ) . d , Co-electroporated with Mitf > ΔTcf ( only 30 of 180 expressed mCherry ) . e , f , Tailbuds electroporated with Msx > histone H2B mCherry and Mitf > GFP . Arrowhead shows GFP expression in a9.49 derivatives . e , Co-electroporated with Msx > lacZ . f , Co-electroporated with Msx > FoxD N terminus . Scale bars , 50 μm ( a , c–f ) ; 25 μm ( b ) . Oc , ocellus ; Ot , otolith . Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
To investigate the role of FoxD in melanogenesis , we expressed variants of FoxD in the midline of the CNS , including the a9.49 lineage , using 5′ regulatory sequences from the Msx gene ( Fig . 1a and Supplementary Fig . 3 ) . Targeted expression of either full-length FoxD or the N-terminal third of FoxD ( non-DNA binding ) abolished expression of the Mitf > GFP reporter gene ( Fig . 2e , f and Supplementary Fig . 3 ) . However , misexpression of a constitutive repressor form of FoxD ( DNA-binding domain fused to a WRPW repressor motif ) had little effect on Mitf expression ( Supplementary Fig . 3 ) . These results suggest that FoxD represses Mitf independent of its DNA-binding domain , which is consistent with its mode of regulation in avian embryos , in which Foxd3-mediated repression of Mitf is thought to occur through the sequestration of the transcriptional activator Pax3 ( ref . 18 ) .
Our results suggest a simple gene regulatory network ( Wnt7 signalling activates FoxD , which inhibits Mitf expression ) for the differential specification of the otolith and ocellus in the Ciona tadpole ( Supplementary Fig . 4 ) . Both a10.97 cells express Mitf before neurulation and during the convergence of the two cells along the dorsal midline of the anterior neural tube . Subsequently , the posterior a10.97 cell receives a localized Wnt7 signal and activates FoxD , which attenuates Mitf leading to diminished pigmentation in the ocellus . Mitf expression is sustained in the anterior a10.97 cell , which forms the densely pigmented otolith .
Notably , zebrafish uses a very similar mechanism to specify neural crest-derived pigmented melanophores and iridophores , which derive from a common bipotent Mitf+ progenitor14 . The conservation of this network strengthens the argument that the a9.49 lineage of Ciona represents a rudimentary neural crest . However , the a9.49 lineage lacks some of the defining properties of cephalic neural crest , such as long-range migration and the potential to form ectomesenchyme derivatives .
We therefore sought to identify vertebrate neural crest determinants that are not expressed in the Ciona a9.49 lineage . In vertebrates , the craniofacial mesenchyme is derived from primary mesoderm and the ectomesenchyme arising from cephalic neural crest2,20 . Both sources of cranial mesenchyme express the conserved mesodermal determinant Twist21 and produce diverse cranial tissues including muscle , cartilage and bone . In tetrapods , it seems that only the cephalic neural crest expresses Twist and produces ectomesenchyme21,22,23 , whereas trunk neural crest lacks Twist expression and generates non-ectomesenchymal derivatives ( for example , neurons , glia and melanocytes ) 2 . Disruption of Twist activity causes severe cephalic neural crest phenotypes , including defects in cell migration and survival , as well as morphological defects of the skull vault and heart21,22,24 .
There are three Twist-related genes in Ciona . In this study we focused on the gene most similar to Twist1 in vertebrates ( Supplementary Fig . 5 ) . In Ciona , Twist is expressed solely in mesoderm-derived mesenchyme ( Fig . 3a ) . It is not expressed in any region of the neural plate , including the a9.49 lineage . Twist-expressing mesoderm undergoes long-range migration ( Fig . 3b ) and produces a number of diverse tissues in juveniles and adults , including body-wall muscles , tunic cells ( which populate the protective covering of the adult ) and blood cells25 . The migration and differentiation of these mesoderm tissues are inhibited when Twist expression is reduced25 .
Figure 3 : Twist reprograms the a9.49 lineage . a , Neurula hybridized with a Twist probe . b , Tailbud embryo during mesenchyme migration ( arrows ) co-electroporated with Twist > GFP and Twist > H2B mCherry . c , d , Larvae electroporated with Mitf > GFP and Mitf > H2B mCherry . Insets show lineage marked with Tyr > mCherry and Tyr > H2B YFP ( yellow fluorescent protein ) ; both the Tyr and Mitf reporters label the same a9.49 cells . c , Co-electroporated with Mitf > lacZ . Oc , ocellus ; Ot , otolith . d , Co-electroporated with Mitf > Twist . Arrowheads indicate ectopic position of a9.49 derivatives . e , f , Juveniles electroporated with Tyr > mCherry and Tyr > H2B YFP . Arrows identify the position of a9.49 derivatives . e , Juvenile co-electroporated with Mitf > lacZ . f , Co-electroporated with Mitf > Twist . Scale bars , 50 μm . Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
To determine whether ectomesenchyme could be formed in Ciona , we misexpressed Twist in the a9.49 lineage using the Mitf enhancer ( Fig . 3c , d ) . The manipulated cells exhibit a mesenchymal phenotype , including protrusive activity , proliferation and long-range migration , which was not observed by the misexpression of other related genes ( Supplementary Video 1 and Supplementary Fig . 6 ) . Moreover , misexpression of Twist in the notochord and motor ganglion causes some disruptions in terminal differentiation , but does not transform these tissues into mesenchyme ( Supplementary Fig . 7 ) . The reprogrammed a9.49 cells exhibit expression of mesenchyme genes , including Erg ( Supplementary Fig . 8 ) , which is expressed in the ectomesenchyme of mouse embryos26 . The affected lineage was visualized in juveniles using reporters for Tyr , a gene that is activated by Mitf in melanocytes14 ( Fig . 3e , f ) . Normally the a9.49 derivatives are located solely in an anterior region of the CNS ( Fig . 3e ) . In contrast , embryos expressing Mitf > Twist result in juveniles with ectopic a9.49 cells ( Fig . 3f ) . The reprogrammed cells seem to produce mesodermal derivatives , such as tunic cells , based on their location and distinct , rounded morphology ( Supplementary Fig . 9 ) .
Additional evidence for the reprogramming of the a9.49 lineage was obtained with Kaede , a photoconvertible fluorescent protein that was previously used in Ciona to trace the formation of the CNS27 . Embryos were co-electroporated with Mitf > Twist and Tyr > Kaede , which mediate expression in the a9.49 lineage ( Fig . 4a ) . Tailbud embryos that were not exposed to ultraviolet light show no red fluorescence ( Fig . 4b ) and result in juveniles that have only green a9.49 descendants ( Fig . 4c ) . In contrast , tailbud embryos treated with ultraviolet light ( Fig . 4d , e ) develop into juveniles that display red cells throughout the body ( Fig . 4f ) . Control juveniles lacking Mitf > Twist exhibit the expected expression solely in the CNS ( Supplementary Fig . 10 ) . Finally , time-lapse microscopy was used to examine the Mitf > Twist expressing cells in juveniles . Some of these cells migrate like the normal tunic cells derived from the mesenchyme ( Fig . 4g and Supplementary Video 2 ) . Thus , the misexpression of Twist is sufficient to reprogram the a9.49 lineage into migrating mesenchymal cells , reminiscent of vertebrate ectomesenchyme .
Figure 4 : Lineage tracing of reprogrammed a9.49 cells . a–f , Ciona electroporated with Mitf > Twist and Tyr > Kaede . a , b , Non-ultraviolet ( UV ) -treated tailbud embryo shows only green fluorescence . c , Embryo never exposed to UV results in a juvenile with only green ectopic cells ( arrows ) . d , e , UV-treated tailbud embryos show green and red fluorescence , respectively . f , UV-treated embryo results in a juvenile with green and red ectopic cells ( arrows ) . g , Time-lapse frames of Supplementary Video 2 ( frames were taken from the times indicated ) shows the migration of reprogrammed a9.49 cell labelled with Tyr > mCherry ( arrowhead ) . The white cells correspond to endogenous tunic cells . Scale bars , 50 μm . Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The mesenchymal properties of neural crest were proposed to be the last features to appear during its evolution3,28 . Our studies of the non-vertebrate chordate Ciona intestinalis support this hypothesis . We propose that cephalic neural crest arose from the co-option of one or more mesenchyme determinants ( for example , Twist ) in a rudimentary neural crest cell type . Thus , this enigmatic cell population should not be considered a vertebrate innovation but an elaboration of an ancestral chordate gene network .
Note added in proof : After this paper was accepted for publication , our time-lapse imaging revealed that the a10.97 cells undergo an additional division just before their intercalation at the dorsal midline . This finding does not alter any of the preceding conclusions .
The charge to which retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn has pleaded guilty may tell us a great deal about the Robert Mueller investigation .
The first question is , why did Flynn lie ? People who lie to the FBI generally do so because , if they told the truth , they would be admitting to a crime . But the two conversations that Flynn falsely denied having were not criminal . They may have believed they were criminal but , if they did , they were wrong .
Consider their request to Sergey Kislyak , the Russian ambassador to the U.S. , to delay or oppose a United Nations Security Council vote on an anti-Israel resolution that the outgoing Obama administration refused to veto . Not only was that request not criminal , it was the right thing to do . President Obama 's unilateral decision to change decades-long American policy by not vetoing a perniciously one-sided anti-Israel resolution was opposed by Congress and by most Americans . It was not good for America , for Israel or for peace . It was done out of Obama 's personal pique against Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rather than on principle .
Many Americans of both parties , including me , urged the lame-duck Obama not to tie the hands of the president-elect by allowing the passage of a resolution that would make it more difficult to achieve a negotiated peace in the Middle East .
ADVERTISEMENT
As the president-elect , Donald Trump was constitutionally and politically entitled to try to protect their ability to broker a fair peace between the Israelis and Palestinians by urging all members of the Security Council to vote against or delay the enactment of the resolution . The fact that such efforts to do the right thing did not succeed does not diminish the correctness of the effort . I wish it had succeeded . We would be in a better place today .
Some left-wing pundits , who know better , are trotting out the Logan Act , which , if it were the law , would prohibit private citizens ( including presidents-elect ) from negotiating with foreign governments . But this anachronistic law has n't been used for more than 200 years . Under the principle of desuetude — a legal doctrine that prohibits the selective resurrection of a statute that has not been used for many decades — it is dead-letter . Moreover , the Logan Act is unconstitutional insofar as it prohibits the exercise of free speech .
If it were good law , former Presidents Reagan and Carter would have been prosecuted : Reagan for negotiating with Iran 's ayatollahs when they were president-elect , to delay releasing the American hostages until they were sworn in ; Carter for advising Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to reject former President Clinton 's peace offer in 2000-2001 . Moreover , Jesse Jackson , Jane Fonda , Dennis Rodman and others who have negotiated with North Korea and other rogue regimes would have gone to prison .
So there was nothing criminal about Flynn 's request of Kislyak , even if they were instructed to do so by higher-ups in the Trump transition team . The same is true of their discussions regarding sanctions . The president-elect is entitled to have different policies about sanctions and to have their transition team discuss them with Russian officials .
This is the way The New York Times has put it : “ Mr . Flynn 's discussions with Sergey I. Kislyak , the Russian ambassador , were part of a coordinated effort by Mr. Trump 's aides to create foreign policy before they were in power , documents released as part of Mr. Flynn 's plea agreement show . Their efforts undermined the existing policy of President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate , America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44 ' on sleeve at basketball game MORE and flouted a warning from a senior Obama administration official to stop meddling in foreign affairs before the inauguration . ”
If that characterization is accurate , it demonstrates conclusively that the Flynn conversations were political and not criminal . Flouting a warning from the Obama administration to stop meddling may be a political sin ( though some would call it a political virtue ) but it most assuredly is not a crime .
So why did Flynn lie about these conversations , and were their lies even material to Mueller 's criminal investigation if they were not about crimes ?
The second question is why did Mueller charge Flynn only with lying ? The last thing a prosecutor ever wants to do is to charge a key witness with lying .
A witness such as Flynn who has admitted they lied — whether or not to cover up a crime — is a tainted witness who is unlikely to be believed by jurors who know he 's made a deal to protect themselves and their son . They will suspect that they are not only “ singing for their supper ” but that they may be “ composing ” as well — that is , telling the prosecutor what they want to hear , even if it is exaggerated or flat-out false . A “ bought ” witness knows that the “ better ” their testimony , the sweeter the deal they will get . That 's why prosecutors postpone the sentencing until after the witness has testified , because experience has taught them that you ca n't “ buy ” a witness ; you can only “ rent “ them for as long as you have the sword of Damocles hanging over them .
So , despite the banner headlines calling the Flynn guilty plea a “ thunderclap , ” I think it may be a show of weakness on the part of the special counsel rather than a sign of strength . So far they have had to charge potential witnesses with crimes that bear little or no relationship to any possible crimes committed by current White House incumbents . Mueller would have much preferred to indict Flynn for conspiracy or some other crime directly involving other people , but they apparently lack the evidence to do so .
I do not believe they will indict anyone under the Logan Act . If they were to do so , that would be unethical and irresponsible . Nor do I think they will charge President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE with any crimes growing out of the president 's exercise of their constitutional authority to fire the director of the FBI or to ask them not to prosecute Flynn .
The investigation will probably not end quickly , but it may end with , not a thunderclap , but several whimpers .
Alan M. Dershowitz is the Felix Frankfurter Professor of Law , Emeritus , at Harvard Law School and author of “ Trumped Up : How Criminalizing Politics is Dangerous to Democracy. ” Follow them on Twitter @ AlanDersh and on Facebook @ AlanMDershowitz .
Juve to 'release Zaza or Gabbiadini '
By Football Italia staff
Juventus “ could well release ” one from Simone Zaza and Manolo Gabbiadini , confirmed Beppe Marotta .
The Bianconeri co-own or loan out many of Serie A 's most promising young players , just as they did with Ciro Immobile before they were sold to Borussia Dortmund this summer .
Zaza is currently impressing at Sassuolo and has become a regular in Antonio Conte 's Italy side , while Gabbiadini also earned a call-up thanks to their Sampdoria form .
“ We know these are expensive deals , so we will have to make some choices . For example , we could well release one from Zaza and Gabbiadini , ” general manager Marotta told Tuttosport .
There are also contract renewals to be discussed with Sebastian Giovinco , Stephan Lichtsteiner and Carlos Tevez .
“ We had contact with Giovinco 's agent to see if it 's possible to renew on our terms . If we do , good , otherwise ... Giovinco has to tell us what they want .
“ Torino ? We have not received any offers from Torino for Giovinco , not even over the summer .
“ The same goes for Lichtsteiner , as we are negotiating , but do not want to go outside our parameters . ”
Tevez has become a key figure for Juventus and their goals earned them an Argentina recall after three years .
“ He is one of the best strikers in the world . As long as they want to stay , the doors will be open . ”
London , ON – After waiting for almost two decades on a government waitlist , 19-year-old Chad Mendes is finally getting a subsidized daycare spot .
The son of a single mother was placed on a government wait list on August 17th , 1997 two days after their birth . That all changed last week when their mom received a phone call from a local child care centre telling them that there was a spot that opened up for Chad .
“ I 've been looking forward to getting this experience , ” said the high school graduate who is now working two part time jobs in the service industry . “ I remember many of my friends who went to Mrs. Wiggles Daycare Centre and they said the place will be a right fit for my childhood development that I never received . ”
Daycare workers were impressed on how well Chad was fitting into their new surroundings and commended their good manners , large vocabulary , and ability to drive a car .
“ He 's a lot larger than the other children , but they still put their toys away and asks permission to use the washroom , ” explained Mrs. Wiggles Daycare Centre worker Paula Achom . “ We only have problems when he 's leaving without permission saying “ he ca n't be late for work again or they 'll fire my ass. ” He 's just silly sometimes . ”
At press time , day care staff had seized Chad 's cell phone for talking to their imaginary girlfriend again .
The Rules Reference Guide has shaken up our Destiny world by laying ruin to all of the “ Tier 1 ” decks . As the competitive players try to piece back together the shambles we call decks and figure out what is left , I want to shed some light on some old cards and decks that might make their triumphant return to the competitive stage . Cards that once never thought they would see the light of day from our binders return to fight the good fight and grind us to victory . The players who played from the beginning of the game will float down memory lane , where as the newer players may have never known the soul crushing power they exhibited in a format of old .
The Good
Han / Rey
Enigma666 ( Destiny 's most known Han Rey Player ) must be ecstatic to see that this duo is making a potential comeback . Zach Bunn attempted to pilot this at Nova ( US Nationals ) during the SoR format but fell short . There was a new “ trick ” introduced at that point in the form of “ Fair Trade ” which was often good enough to kick Nine 's down a notch in the first round and jump start the hero advantage . If you 're a bit lost , the explanation is this : Play an Ambush upgrade on Rey , roll out Han and if you had “ Fair Trade ” in hand , you had a 75 % chance to accelerate your own resources while taking one of theirs at the very least if not taking both of their resources . Han has 3 sides on each die you were fine showing up ( 2 Disrupt and double Resource ) which is 50 % so when you include their second die that increased the odds to 75 % .
EaW gave us another Ambush upgrade in the form of X-8 Sniper Rifle which made the consistency for the double action starts stronger . Concentrate from the 2P Starter is to help fix die sides when it was safe to do so and Truce helps for our pay sides when we are poor , as well as making our Fair Trades and Disrupt sides better . I 've talked about it a bit on the podcast but have yet to really sit down with it and try to make the magic come together .
Second Chance
We have n't really seen Second Chance since to nerf on Ammo Belt happened and I 'll be honest , I wish I did n't have to see it again . Sabine is going to cause fits and nightmares with how often they smash this down and crushes the opponent . If things get out of hand , we could potentially see a nerf to this card that ends up removing it from the game after use , but it is still too early for people to cry about it . We 'll let Regional season come and go and see if people outcry will occur . This combined with Starship Graveyard is one of the old Negative Playing Experiences for players as they continually tried to kill Han only to have this put on top of the deck every round . It was so destructive that we 've had to write articles on how to play around it .
The Bad
Jango Veers… . i mean Jango / Phasma2
Jango Veers has been “ upgraded ” into Jango Phasma2 and any one who started this game at the very beginning of Awakenings format will remember the tyranny caused by Jango and their action cheat . Cries of “ broken ” were shouted from the rooftops and then they slowly faded away as players learned to build better decks with better damage output and could punish the duo which has 19 health at the time . Well he 's back and there is no promise of grandeur , but we do have better upgrades now as well as a better partner and some more explosive events for him .
Intimidate
Intimidate was one of my favorite “ counter plays ” to make back during Awakenings . Opponent 's would quick claim the battlefield so that they could cast “ Dug In ” to put 3 shields on the guy i 'm targeting then KAPOW , got em and the glee that they once had has drained from their face . With blue hero making a good showing , Caution , does an auto include as well as the asupervisorstioned Dug In for any moderately fast red deck and players choosing an opponent 's battlefield to put 2 shields on , making Intimidate a great card even when it is outside of the Quigon match .
The Ugly
Jabba Dooku
The premiere mill / control deck of old is looking to rear it 's ugly head with the format slowing down a bit . It feels like I 'm cheating by having 2 sets of villain lineups as opposed to 1 hero , but I ca n't guarantee that either villain set will be as good as the hero ones . The damage output may be too low , but packing 4 character dice with double Discard sides is pretty scary when we 've become much more accustomed to using up our entire hand in a round and burning through our deck . We also pack some new force powers , control cards , and bait and switch to set up some insane discard actions . The sky is the limit when you can easily burn out 4 cards from an opponents hand and then take your time controlling their dice . The format is rampant with slow grind 3 and 4 character decks and this pairing is set to abuse that methodology .
Hunker Down
This still might be too slow but with the reintroduction of 3 character and 4 character ranged redeploy decks , good ol Hunker Down would make realistic sense . Even against Melee decks it should realistically afford you two shields and vibroknife is no longer as good as it used to be , should packing this should get you some well sought advantage .
Dodge
Anyone who has seen 5 Die Villains or Sabine load up a board of ranged ( Sabine via Never Tell Me the Odds ) may consider bringing this back into the mix rightfully so . Dodge was mainstream as a near TWO of back during Awakening for hosing an opponent 's entire round at times and it may make it 's return . In most situations Sabine has an additional action to resolve their dice , but when they get Running Interference going , they get an explosive option from Never Tell Me the Odds and then the opponent ca n't cast a card . Hidden Agenda can circumvent that situation and it is an odd option , but if you have a few 2+ Cost events , then you may be running Agenda anyways and are perfectly content with that happening for a blowout turn .
Are you excited about the current format and the wide variety of decks to play ? If we 're lucky it 'll stay this way for a while and we 'll have a plethora of options to choose from when we go to our next big event . If you 'd like to see what we 're cooking up at the Hyperloops Discord , then join our Patreon because it 's becoming one of the hottest places to be for seeing what 's hot . Tabletop Simulator League Season 3 Top Cut is in full swing and we 're getting lots of games in trying to take down another one for the group , so prepare yourselves for that and future events .
~ HonestlySarcastc
Let me tell you about the time I had the opportunity to taste a priceless bottle of 1975 Château Mouton Rothschild , with a label designed by none other than Andy Warhol .
Several years ago , when I was just getting started in the wine business , I was hired for a part-time job at BLM Wines & Spirits in Allston , MA .
Just getting out of an unemployment slump , I was dead broke and eager to impress my new employers .
I showed up to work 15 minutes early , dressed for success and ready for any challenge they were willing to throw at me .
First task , stock shelves . Second task , consolidate the back room . Done and done .
Third task , dust off the old bottles in the Rare Vintage Room and adjust pricing with 4 percent increase for the new year .
Why they would trust the new guy to handle such valuable inventory , I will never know .
The Rare Room was impressive . Imagine a temperature and humidity controlled 10 x 10 room filled wall to wall , from floor to ceiling with rare and exotic wines , some vintages dating as far back to the early twentieth century !
I knew that these bottles were extremely valuable and completely irreplaceable . It was like being in a museum . No cameras and please leave your backpacks and pocketbooks outside .
Dusting the bottles , with my trusty swiffer , I took my time and was very careful when handling each one . All of which were in mint condition .
And then there it was , a Château Mouton Rothschild , one of the most marvelous wines in France and a glorious blend of Cabernet Franc , Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot and Petite Verdot . Appropriately , the bottles for each vintage of this First Growth Bordeaux have been adorned with labels illustrated by the world 's greatest artists since 1945 . Since my parents collect art , I immediately recognized the 1975 Warhol .
Excited to impress my manager Roger with my knowledge , I brought the bottle over to their desk and started a dialogue .
As a joke , I asked if we could taste the bottle . To which they replied , “ only if you have $ 1,125 ! ” We both had a good laugh and I walked back to put it away .
I liked Roger . They were a nice man in their mid-sixties and had been with the company for over 39 years . They looked like a short and skinny Santa Claus , white hair , beard , wore scratched up lenses and always dressed like a librarian .
As I returned to my chores and was reaching toward the top shelf to put Warhol back where I found it , Roger walked in , the bottle slipped out of my hands and crashed to the floor , spilling broken glass and wine all over each label below it .
I was horrified . We both were ! Roger and I both stared at each other , mouths agape , paralyzed in disbelief of what had just happened .
Before I could even say “ FUCK ! ! ! ” — which I most definitely did , twice — they rushed over to salvage the remaining bottles , running them back and forth to the sink to remove as much wine and broken glass as they could from the labels before the stains set in and devalued the inventory .
Luckily , we were able to salvage the rest of the display , but the Warhol was toast . All that remained was a couple sips worth at the bottom of the half shattered bottle . It was a sad moment in wine history . I was devastated and knew my career at BLM was to be short lived .
After we cleaned up the mess , Roger approached me , sat me down and explained the severity of the situation . Then they pulled out a coffee filter and decanted the remaining contents of the broken bottle .
“ Looks like you can use a drink , ” they said , offering me some of the remaining contents of the bottle . “ Am I going to get fired ? ” I asked .
“ Absolutely not , ” they protested , claiming that they bought that bottle back in 1975 for $ 108 a case . “ Accidents happen . Besides , we 're insured . Keep up the good work . ”
As we shared the wine , I knew that I would never forget that day as long as I live .
So the moral of the story is simple . Try not to break priceless merchandise at your job , especially if you 're still the new guy , because if your manager is n't as forgiving as Roger , you 'll probably get fired on the spot .
David Blum is an alumnus of the Culinary Institute of America ( CIA ) and the consulting chef at In Vino , an Italian restaurant and wine bar in New York City .
The boyfriend of ice skating superstar Kim Yu-na is in hospital after a traffic accident that happened while they were off base without leave .
Kim Won-jung ( 30 ) plays ice hockey for military team Daemyung Sangmu as part of their mandatory service .
The Defense Ministry says the sergeant will be punished for going AWOL .
The ministry on Wednesday said three players for the team left their off-base accommodation in Ilsan , Gyeonggi Province at 9 p.m. on June 27 in a car driven by Lee .
They had permission from their civilian coach to leave the off-base accommodation , where they had been training as part of the Korean national ice hockey team , to buy some soft drinks .
But instead they went to a massage parlor 3 km away .
As they were driving back to the motel , their car was hit by another driven by a civilian .
A ministry official said , `` We confirmed that the place they went to was a Thai massage parlor that offers strictly non-sexual services . ''
Kim sustained a ligament injury to their right knee and needs si x weeks of treatment , while the other two suffered bruises .
Kim was called up in December 2012 and will be discharged in September .
`` He tried to cover up the fact that there was an accident . We will strip them off their special status as a sports talent and transfer them to a normal position , '' the ministry official said .
German retailer lists Chaos ; Child , Earth Defense Force 5 , Punch Line , SG/ZH School Girl/Zombie Hunter , and YU-NO
Here 's a slew of unannounced localizations .
German retailer 4U2Play has listed several titles both now available and upcoming in Japan and still unannounced for localization .
The full list of titles includes :
Chaos ; Child ( PS4 , PS Vita ) – June 30 , 2017
Earth Defense Force 5 ( PS4 ) – September 30 , 2017
Punch Line ( PS4 , PS Vita ) – September 30 , 2017
SG/ZH School Girl/Zombie Hunter ( PS4 – August 31 , 2017
YU-NO : A Girl Who Chants Love at the Bound of this World ( PS4 , PS Vita ) – October 31 , 2017
The attached release dates are those listed by the retailer and are likely placeholder , if localization for said titles is even planned .
We 've gone through their other listings to make sure there were n't any other weird ones . Other than a PlayStation 4 version of the PC platformer Fossil Fuel , these were the only ones that stood out . ( Update : As mentioned by commenter Kumazyx , this retailer previously leaked Cladun Returns : This is Sengoku ! and Operation Babel : New Tokyo Legacy before their localization announcements . )
Thanks , NeoGAF and @ Mazyx .
The Gift Box off Main Street in Mount Airy , N.C. , last year . ( Logan R. Cyrus for The Washington Post )
Since Donald Trump 's approval rating now looks like something that got stuck to the bottom of my shoe , I joined the flood of journalists who went to Real America to gloat see how the Trump supporters are getting along .
In the shadow of the old flag factory , Craig Slabornik sits whittling away on a rusty nail , their only hobby since the plant shut down . They are an American like millions of Americans , and they have no regrets about pulling the lever for Donald Trump in November — twice , in fact , which Craig says is just more evidence of the voter fraud plaguing the country . Craig is a contradiction , but they do not know it .
Each morning they arrive at the Blue Plate Diner and tries to make sense of it all . The regulars are already there . Lydia Borkle lives in an old shoe in the tiny town of Tempe Work Only , Ariz. , where the factory has just rusted away into a pile of gears and dust . The jobs were replaced by robots , not shipped overseas , but try telling Lydia that . ( I did , very slowly and patiently , I thought , but they still became quite brusque . ) Them one lifeline was an Obama-era jobs training program , but they say that they do not regret their vote for Trump and likes what they say about business . They make a point of telling me that they are not racist , but I think they probably are , a little .
Next to them sits Linda Blarnik . Like the rusty hubcaps hanging on the wall behind her , they were made in America 50 years ago , back when this town made things , a time they still remember fondly . They say they have had just enough of the “ coastal elitist media who keep showing up to write mean things about my town and my life , like that thing just now where you said I was like a hubcap , yes you , stop writing I can see over your shoulder. ” Mournfully a whistle blows behind her , the whistle of a train that does not stop in this America any longer .
Linda 's sister , Carla Blarnik is married to an undocumented immigrant yet voted for Trump , who has vowed an increase in deportations . Asked to explain this contradiction , they shrug . “ Do not tell Bert this , ” they say , “ but I have been trying to find an unobtrusive way to break up the marriage for years and this seemed like just the loophole I was waiting for. ” Huh . Okay .
The hard power budget : Never weak , never soft , always STRONG . ( Adriana Usero , Dalton Bennett , Dani Player/The Washington Post )
Their waiter is David Mattress , a sentient robot who will be shut down if Trump 's budget is put into practice . They love Trump , insofar as love is possible for him . When asked “ Do n't you realize the contradiction of this position ? ” the other regulars leap up and shout at me because the last time this question was posed to him , David short-circuited and emitted large quantities of smoke . “ First that magazine writer , ” Linda scolds me , gesturing to a table in the corner where six other journalists sit writing versions of this same article , “ now you . ”
Mark Hooglats lives inside Obamacare , do n't ask them how . They voted for Trump . They will vote for Trump again , maybe up to 10 times if they do the thing with the economy . They are excited that Trump has said “ God ” out loud for what they believe is the first time in the past eight years . ( It is n't . )
In the corner , under a picture of George Washington that is cracked and broken and stained with tobacco juice , lies Herm Slabornik . Herm is encased in a cryogenic tube which will be unplugged if Trump gets their way . According to a note on their cryotube , they know what Trump said about unplugging tubes but they do not think Trump would unplug them personally . They will vote for Trump again in 2020 , provided they are not unplugged . Also , they hate Obamacare .
Glom Pfeffernitz lives in a rusty kettle . Trump 's plan will definitely repossess their kettle , but they do not believe me when I tell them this . “ I just do n't think he 'd do that , ” Glom repeats . Glom 's priority is filling the lakes with waste because they remember when they were a kid and the lakes used to glow , and they want to get back to those great days . They say their No . 1 priority is keeping telephones away from the undeserving poor . Is everyone here messing with me ?
Claudia Barknappen , the owner of the diner , wipes their hands on their faded God Bless America Apron . They are taken aback to see that Trump 's budget would replace their home with a sinkhole , but they say that they are reserving judgment and likes how much they hate immigrants . “ We 've got to give them a chance , ” they observe . They say that one time Trump showed up at their home and hit their dog with a broom , but in their mind this amounts to no more than one strike . They know that they can change Trump with love , not that they need to change at all . Behind her , an eagle falls out of a tree and dies .
62 SHARES Facebook Twitter If you feel like contributing , please send a message to : join @ sensanostra.com
Ever been to a Christians-only tailor ? Or a Muslim bikini parlor ? Well in Berlin there 's an Atheist shoe shop . Sensa Nostra interviews David Bonney on how they got started and ( for God 's sake ! ) how they came up with the idea . So sit down , relax and feel free to unknot your religiously laced shoes .
I 'm pretty sure I 've always been an atheist even before I was aware of what it meant . I grew up in Ireland where religion is a sensitive subject , but my family is non-religious , so it was never a big debate inside our house . My parents wanted me to become a doctor and I wanted to write musicals . Eventually I chose Psychology , as it was somewhere in the middle , but when my academic years came to an end I joined London 's vibrant advertising industry . It was enjoyable , but after six years I got bored working with staid , superficial brands and I was ready for a new challenge . I had the urge to create something purposeful , meaningful , something founded on deep values that people actually gave a shit about .
Later I moved to Berlin and for a while I returned to the world of music , becoming a comic songwriter . At the same time , a friend of mine , a shoemaker , introduced me to the craft and I really enjoyed messing around in their studio . I 'd always wanted to design a perfect shoe and this opportunity came along at the same time I wanted to create my own values-based brand . Somehow , the idea of atheism and shoes came together in the shape of an ‘ atheist shoe ' . It felt like a bizarre and perverse joke . It was such a silly idea that I had to do it . So I told all my friends I was starting an atheist shoe shop , as I knew they 'd keep asking about it . I guess I tricked myself into doing it .
Once I 'd made my first pair of shoes , a friend told me about Reddit and how many atheists were there . I thought there 's nothing less fun than hanging out with a load of militant atheists online . But they said , “ Call yourself a ‘ godless shoemaker'— it will get lots of hits ” . So we made a post , went for a curry and did n't think about it again until I started receiving hundreds of emails . It was amazing . We made the front page with just a picture of me holding an atheist shoe . It was clear there was a great appetite . Within a few months we 'd launched a Kickstarter campaign and got successfully funded . That process helped us understand exactly what people wanted in the shoe and how much they were willing to pay .
The positive reactions were overwhelming , but I felt a bit of ‘ imposter syndrome ' . All of a sudden I was talking to a very active online community of atheists , bringing them a godless shoe , without being part of their codes or lingo . Here I was , this laissez-faire , European atheist with a Monty Python-ish idea , confronted by hundreds of outspoken voices . I knew there were some atheists online , but I had n't realised how active and powerful they 'd be . In some sense it felt like homecoming , in other ways it was n't atheism as I had ever experienced it before . There were clearly many people angry about religion !
Soon enough we were shipping all over the world , including to Israel , Iran and Saudi Arabia . There were some atheists who reacted negatively . They responded by saying , “ Why are you commercialising my beliefs ? ” That 's pure nonsense to me . We do n't commercialise beliefs ; we commercialise nothingness .
People from religiously suppressed areas , from Alabama to Pakistan , gave us a lot of praise for what we were doing . They 're passionate and proud to wear atheist shoes , and they consider us courageous . But for me it 's just the easiest thing in the world to start an atheist shoe-shop in Berlin . For some its a statement ; for others its fashion or art . For me it was silliness . Why do I put “ Ich bin atheist ” on my shoe soles ? Its almost embarrassing , to draw attention to yourself in that way . But I came to see what a powerful and liberating experience it was for others .
In our early days we received an email from a seventeen-year-old American boy thanking us for making the shoes . They said they used a conversation about the shoes to out themselves to their evangelical Christian parents . They cried together and eventually their mother said they loved them for who they were and bought them a pair of atheist shoes as a birthday gift . That was the seachange moment for me . From afar it all seems a bit unbelievable and melodramatic , but when we realised some atheists were writing to us from areas where they would get their throats squeezed for not being religious , it was hard not to feel for them .
So our little joke gained great significance and I found myself thinking more about my own atheism . Receiving such a welcoming feeling from the active online community , people all over the world emailing us saying what a great idea the shoes were , the whole experience . It made me feel more responsible to be open about my atheism . I 'm hardly militant , though it might appear so ; I 'm just increasingly aware . And I have to say atheists should be more conscious and outspoken about their non-belief . A lot of people do n't really know what atheism means , but on the other hand it does n't really need a definition . Not believing in gods is about as clear as you can get . Maybe the personification can do with redefinition . There 's a risk of atheists seeming nerdy , scientific , unimpressed and boring . But that 's not the reality . Atheists are just like any other person , trying to mind their own business .
I always enjoy having pop-up stores . It 's entertaining listening to people 's responses walking by . People laugh and take photos ; slightly older people will verbally express their disdain . In New York we had crazy rabbis come in and tell us we were n't atheists because we believe in money . Generally most religious people keep their opinions to themselves—probably due to years of mental training—or they stay religious because granny promises to leave them money . The most violent reactions we got were from vegans . They criticised us for using leather in our shoes . Most of them were polite and lovely , but many were n't . Still , for the sake of the polite ones we 've created non-leather atheist shoes .
Sometimes I do think I 'd like to see the demise of religion . We 'd be better of without it , but it has a big grip on society . Atheists should be more vocal and organised to defend their secular rights . The fight for safely having your own beliefs , or non-beliefs , is as vital as ever in our time . The number of atheists is climbing , but paradoxically so is the number of religious fundamentalists . This overarching message is hard to square by just running a witty fashion label , but I 'm optimistic that people are becoming more educated , independently minded and conscious enough to call out the preposterous notions of religion and faith . I 'm pretty sure fifty years from now , at least in the Western world , that faith will have been put in its place , and it will be about as important as Santa Claus or Harry Potter .
Please consider supporting my fundraiser so I can continue to do this kind of work .
Two years ago , I noted a chilling exchange from a 2002 FISA suit argued by Ted Olson . Laurence Silberman was trying to come up with a scenario in which some criminal information might not have any relevance to terrorism . When they suggested rape , Olson suggested we might use evidence of a rape to get someone to inform for us .
JUDGE SILBERMAN : Try rape . That 's unlikely to have a foreign intelligence component . SOLICITOR GENERAL OLSON : It 's unlikely , but you could go to that individual and say we 've got this information and we 're prosecuting and you might be able to help us .
It 's chilling not just because it suggests rapists have gone free in exchange for trumping up terrorist cases for the government , but because it makes clear the kinds of dirt the government sought using — in this case — traditional FISA wiretaps .
Now consider this passage from the government 's 2009 case that it should be able to sustain the Section 215 dragnet .
Specifically , using contact chaining [ redacted ] NSA may be able to discover previously unknown terrorist operatives , to identify hubs or common contacts between targets of interest who were previously thought to be unconnected , and potentially to discover individuals willing to become U.S. Government assets .
Remember , while the government downplayed this fact , until Barack Obama won the 2008 election , the government permitted analysts to contact chain off of 27,090 identifiers , going deeper than 3 hops in . That very easily encompasses every single American .
The ability to track the relationships of every single American , and they were using it to find informants .
In the 7 years since this program ( now allegedly scaled back significantly , but still very very broad ) has existed , the dragnet has only helped , however indirectly , to capture 12 terrorists in the US ( and by terrorist , they also include people sending money to protect their country against US-backed invasion ) .
Which means the real utility of this program has been about something else .
The ability to track the relationships of every single American . And they were using it to find informants .
Even while the number of terrorists this program discovered has been minimal , the number of FBI informants has ballooned , to 15,000 . And those informants are trumping up increasingly ridiculous plots in the name of fighting terrorism .
The ability to track the relationships of every single American ( or now , a huge subset of Americans , focusing largely on Muslims and those with international ties ) . And they were ( and presumably still are ) using it to find informants .
Update : Note how in Keith Alexander 's description of the alert list , the standard to be on it is “ the identifier is likely to produce information of foreign intelligence value ” that are “ associated with ” one of the BR targets ( Alexander 33 ) . This is very similar to the language Olson used to justify getting data that did n't directly relate to terrorism .
Also note this language ( Alexander 34 ) :
In particular , Section 1.7 ( c ) of Executive Order 12333 specifically authorizes NSA to “ Collect ( including through clandestine means ) , process , analyze , produce , and disseminate signals intelligence information for foreign intelligence and counterintelligence purposes to support national and departmental missions. ” However , when executing its SIGINT mission , NSA is only authorized to collect , retain or disseminate information concerning United States persons in accordance with procedures approved by the Attorney General .
Again , this emphasizes a foreign intelligence and CI purpose for collection that by law is limited to terrorism . Which could mean they think they can collect info to coerce people to turn informant .
The AG guidelines on informants are , not surprisingly , redacted .
Nothing compares to the drama that unfolds inside basketball arenas each March . From underdogs shredding brackets to insane buzzer beaters , the NCAA Division I Men 's Basketball Tournament delivers thrilling moments in liberal doses .
Related : 2017 NCAA Men 's Basketball Tournament Schedule
This season promises to deliver one of the most wide-open championship races we 've seen in a long time . Teams like Kansas , Villanova , Gonzaga , North Carolina , Baylor , Louisville , Kentucky , UCLA , Arizona and Oregon have all taken turns dominating competition and appear well equipped to ascend to the top . It promises tons of compelling , fun games in the weeks ahead .
Here 's a sneak peek at what to watch for once the field is unveiled on Selection Sunday :
Northwestern Making History
At last , Northwestern has shed an asterisk that has dogged its basketball program for ages . The Wildcats are set to claim their first-ever NCAA Tournament bid after setting a school record for victories and finishing Big Ten play with a winning record for the first time since 1968 . Northwestern 's rise from cellar dweller to contender is no fluke .
The Wildcats play tenacious defense and smart offense . Bryant McIntosh makes the engine hum on offense . The junior point guard led the team in points ( 14.6 ppg ) and assists ( 5.4 apg ) in the regular season . Scottie Lindsey and Vic Law are both talented wings who can stretch defenses with their long-distance shooting . Northwestern is capable of much more than being a feel-good story . The Wildcats have the right tools to make their first NCAA Tournament bid last beyond one weekend .
ACC Takeover
Once again , the ACC has risen to the top as the nation 's toughest and deepest conference . As many as 10 teams from the league could hear their name called on Selection Sunday . How will that translate to the tournament next week ?
Seven ACC teams earned bids to the 2016 NCAA Tournament . Six advanced to the Sweet 16 , four reached the Elite Eight and two – Syracuse and North Carolina – made it to the Final Four . League schools posted a collective 19-7 record in tournament play . Given the strength of the ACC this year , a similar scenario could unfold in 2017 .
Can Villanova Repeat as National Champions ?
No college basketball team has won back-to-back NCAA titles since Florida did it in 2006-07 . Only seven Division I teams have ever won two or more consecutive championships . Villanova has a decent chance of joining that exclusive group . The Wildcats claimed their fourth straight regular season Big East crown and are likely to claim a No . 1 seed in the Big Dance for the second time in three seasons .
Josh Hart is a big driving force behind Villanova 's continued success . The senior guard and Wooden Award finalist is both the top scorer ( 18.7 ppg ) and rebounder ( 6.5 rpg ) for the Wildcats . Jalen Brunson , Kris Jenkins and Mikal Bridges are all capable inside and outside offensive threats . Villanova has enough options to make it almost impossible for teams not named Butler to shut the Wildcats down .
Unfinished Business for North Carolina
The Tar Heels came within a buzzer beater of claiming their first national championship since 2009 last April . North Carolina is hungry to finish what it started . Do n't count these Tar Heels out from taking that final step from runner-up to champion .
One thing that makes North Carolina so dangerous is the sheer number of offensive weapons that head coach Roy Williams can throw at opponents . The Tar Heels have four players – Justin Jackson , Joel Berry , Kennedy Meeks and Isaiah Hicks – who have scored at least 1,000 points in their careers at Chapel Hill .
Williams previously featured four 1,000-point scorers on the same roster in 2004-05 and 2008-09 . Both times , North Carolina went on to win the national championship .
Final Four on the Horizon for Gonzaga ?
All the pieces are finally in place for the Bulldogs to make a run to Phoenix . Mark Few has arguably their deepest and most talented roster during their head coaching tenure in Spokane . Washington transfer Nigel Williams-Goss is the brightest star in this dynamic group . The junior impacts the game in many different ways , averaging 16.4 points , 5.6 rebounds and 4.7 assists per contest .
Gonzaga opened the season by winning 29 straight games before falling to BYU in its regular season finale . The Bulldogs wrapped up their 15th WCC Tournament title in 19 seasons with a 74-56 victory over St. Mary 's on Tuesday . With victories over the likes of Florida and Arizona , the Zags are a lock to earn a No . 1 seed for just the second time in school history .
Three-Headed Pac-12 Monster
Two decades have passed since a Pac-12 team won a national championship . Odds are more favorable than ever for that streak to finally come to an end . Each of the league 's top three teams is capable of reaching the Final Four and beyond .
Oregon and Arizona shared the regular season title . Both cause major headaches for opponents . The Ducks rank second nationally in total blocks ( 212 ) and blocked shots per game ( 6.84 ) . They also feature an electric playmaker in Dillon Brooks . The Wildcats weathered early injuries and suspensions to earn a third league title in four seasons . Freshman center Lauri Markkanen exceeded all expectations , averaging 15.2 points and 7.5 rebounds per game in the regular season . Markkanen draws tons of defensive attention away from Alonzo Trier , allowing them to pick defenses apart . Trier averaged a team-best 16.4 points per game heading into the postseason .
UCLA possesses a high-powered offense that could take the Bruins back to the Final Four for the first time in a decade . Lonzo Ball and T.J . Leaf are a dynamic inside-out duo and Bryce Alford is a lethal shooter from the perimeter . Ball led the nation in assists ( 7.8 apg ) during the regular season and the Bruins boasted the nation 's top scoring offense ( 91.3 ppg ) over the same period .
Consistent Kansas
Seeing the Jayhawks reign atop the Big 12 has joined death and taxes in the realm of life 's certainties . Kansas is fresh off claiming its 13th consecutive Big 12 regular season championship . The scary thing for opponents ? This could be the most dangerous team that head coach Bill Self has assembled , which is saying something . It all starts with the playmaking abilities of Frank Mason III and Josh Jackson . Both players are Wooden Award finalists and a thorn in the side of even elite defenses .
Mason , a senior guard , has taken a quantum leap forward in their final collegiate season . They averaged 20.5 points , 5.1 assists and 4.2 rebounds per game during the regular season and has been piling up national player of the year honors left and right . Jackson has been electric in their debut season . The first-year student forward is dangerous on the wing , totaling 16.4 points per game during the regular season while shooting 37.7 percent from distance .
Future NBA Stars
March is a great time to binge watch games featuring players who will be tearing it up for NBA teams as soon as next season . UCLA guard Lonzo Ball and Kansas forward Josh Jackson are the most obvious examples . Both Ball and Jackson are widely projected as top-five picks in the 2017 NBA Draft and stand out as energetic players and dynamic scorers . Ball excels at creating plays and running a potent offense . Jackson is a menace on defense , disrupting shooters and ball handlers with equal ease .
They are n't the only ones who will grab the spotlight . Kentucky guard Malik Monk is a lethal shooter who can go on scoring binges . Duke forward Jayson Tatum is a versatile all-around threat . North Carolina forward Justin Jackson has boosted their outside shooting this season to pair with strong passing and defending abilities . These players all have the tools to make an impact right away in the NBA .
One notable NBA prospect who will be absent is Washington guard Markelle Fultz . The first-year student is likely to be selected No . 1 overall in the upcoming draft , but their season with the Huskies wo n't conclude with an NCAA Tournament run . The Huskies finished 11th in the Pac-12 this season despite getting 23.3 points , 5.9 rebounds and 6.0 assists per game from Fultz during the regular season .
Bracket Busters Lurking
It 's no secret the bubble for potential at-large teams ended up being weaker than usual this season . Still , that does n't mean there 's a shortage of plucky dark horses in the field that can tear your bracket to shreds once the first two rounds are done . Wichita State , St. Mary 's and SMU are defensive behemoths no team will want to see in their bracket .
The Shockers won a share of the regular season Missouri Valley Conference title after clobbering a string of opponents by double digits . They rank second nationally in scoring margin ( 19.6 ppg ) behind Gonzaga . The Gaels from the West Coast Conference muck up offenses with a deliberate , efficient pace . They rank second nationally in scoring defense ( 56.5 ppg ) behind Virginia . SMU breezed to an American Athletic Conference ( AAC ) title behind a five-guard lineup that picks offenses and defenses apart with equal precision . The Mustangs allowed just 59.4 points per game during the regular season – ranking third nationally .
Michigan , Iowa State , Oklahoma State and Miami all made incredible runs in their respective conferences to get off the bubble . The Cowboys offered the most impressive turnaround of the group , winning 11 of 12 games to overcome a 0-6 start in Big 12 play . All four teams are rolling and are dark horse picks to advance to the Sweet 16 at a minimum .
Where Did the Mid-Majors Go ?
This season has been punctuated by a definite dearth of worthy at-large candidates outside of the power conferences . Besides VCU , St. Mary 's and Middle Tennessee , there are few mid-major teams that have assembled a resume worthy of at-large inclusion . Mid-major leagues that traditionally produce multiple bids have fallen off the map in 2016-17 .
The Mountain West Conference could be a one-bid league for the second straight year after traditional powers San Diego State , New Mexico and UNLV all suffered through mediocre seasons . BYU did not live up to expectations in the West Coast Conference , depriving that league of a potential third NCAA bid . Outside of Dayton , VCU and Rhode Island , the Atlantic 10 featured a collection of middling to awful teams . Wichita State and Illinois State were both hampered by the weakness of the remaining Missouri Valley Conference teams .
All of it added up to weak at-large resumes for a majority of the teams from those leagues even if they belong in the NCAA Tournament mix . The end result ? Multiple mediocre at-large teams drawn from power leagues that may have not been under serious consideration in past seasons .
— Written by John Coon , who is part of the Athlon Contributor Network . Coon has more than a decade of experience covering sports for different publications and outlets , including The Associated Press , Salt Lake Tribune , ESPN , Deseret News , MaxPreps , Yahoo ! Sports and many others . Follow them on Twitter @ johncoonsports .
I received a Facebook message about the negativity of reporting on the migrants on Jihad Watch . A Facebook Friend stated : “ Interesting . Now , please tell us the POSITIVE things of these MIGRANTS…No ? Reason for posting this- if it is true ? - Lord , have mercy . ”
At first I thought : go do some yoga and count your blessings as a citizen of our free country , and shut up . Is n't it obvious why I am writing about this ? Clearly this individual has no regard for genuine victims of the most brutal human rights crimes , but only for personal touchy-feely emotions .
There are widespread , public news reports which are not based on bigotry or opposing a helping hand to refugees in need because they are Muslim refugees . That would be not only ignorant but a basic violation of decency and humanitarian duty , not to mention lack of appreciation of human rights in a democratic nation built on immigration , with the recognition that there is a history of hard-working refugees in our midst who have also contributed enormously to Western societies .
No one has fun writing about people having their heads lopped off and children getting raped , yet it is the reality on the ground that Jihadists are practicing a kind of barbarism unmatched by anyone else in recent history . To recap some of what I have recently featured on Jihad Watch — headlines in recent Muslim migrant news that ruffled a feather ( maybe two ) : Islamic State jihadis stealing blood from civilians ; Jihad groups acquiring cyber capability to bring major cities to standstill ; parents of Islamic State suspect ( “ Jihadi Jack ” ) remanded in custody for terrorism ; Christians ordered to “ pray in silence ” so as not to offend Muslim migrants ; young women burned alive by Islamic State captors for refusing them sex ; and the aftermath of Merkel 's open door ? 70,000 crimes committed or attempted by migrants in Germany .
I must state that these blogs and reports have been mostly greeted with positive responses from people who were grateful for the information . Kudos to these fellow warriors for their righteousness and clarity of insight .
To state the obvious : we do n't let our children wander the streets at night , more so in some neighborhoods . The reason for reporting on atrocities that are being committed at alarming rates by the Muslim migrants should also be obvious , and we should be eager to learn from these facts , putting aside our emotions .
How many Westerners want our cities and countries to become replicas of Islamic states , with the full range of all the atrocities committed in them ? We 're on our way there , folks , unless we hold leaders accountable ; those who should be protecting the citizens of our countries from bloodthirsty criminals and people who are encroaching upon our freedoms and safety .
I once covered a court case of a biker who put a gun to a four-year-old 's head and pulled the trigger , and also killed the child 's mom . Why was this necessary to report ? Should n't that have been kept silent , in order to be more “ positive ” in reporting ? It was reported on because it happened . Such reporting provides information and insight on crime to enable citizens to be cautious around certain people .
There are those among us who , if they receive a medical diagnosis of cancer or heart disease , refuse to accept it , lashing out at the doctor or making the lives of those around them miserable because they choose not to adhere to necessary measures to restore their health . Their counterparts are those who lash out at reporters and opinion writers for not reporting what they would like to hear . Rather than support those who issue valid warnings and who historically labored for their freedoms and security , they take aim at the messenger , while exonerating the most violent perpetrators of crimes against innocent victims , all for some self-aggrandizing personal psychological reason — usually such people point out historic racism by the white man . Some of these people can not fathom modern-day truth about the bloodthirsty hatred and evil zeal of Jihadists , who ultimately aim to destroy our freedoms in the name of a religion that is historically rooted in war and conquest ; and most importantly , is still carrying out that war today , both militarily and insidiously . And since 1948 , Muslims have killed over 10 million of their co-religionists , as well as thousands of non-Muslims .
Westerners want to feel safe and be safe , but that comes with law and order . Evil thrives in the darkness of ignorance and concealment , and it gains momentum in weaving a web around those without the knowledge or wherewithal to oppose it . With knowledge , we are without excuse .
There is a pattern among those who accuse others for delivering so-called “ negative messages ” . The toughest to state is that they demonstrate no empathy for the innocent victims . They are saturated in their own emotions and caught in a limited world in which they forget that they and their loved ones are safe on the backs of others who do the fighting for them . They point out such transgressions as “ police brutality ” and the racism of “ colonialists ” , and they blame Western societies for the world 's ills , without knowledge of the history of violence and racism among visible minority groups that still exists , or interest in educating themselves about it . Yet that violence and racism , such as what we see throughout Islamic states and now also in Europe , which has flung open its doors to Muslim refugees , is far worse .
The victimology narrative trafficks in us-versus-them rhetoric , ignoring the evolution of Western and European societies into models of human rights and constitutional rule . Those who propagate the victimology narrative are happy that we are now protected against the past horrors of black slavery , the Japanese internment , colonialism , and the like , all the while ignoring the modern-day crimes in Islamic states that are committed against women , girls , Christians and other infidels . These people are accepting the humiliating messages of perpetual victimhood and a kind of psychological ghettoization long after the shackles have been shed .
Indeed , racism ( and colorism ) exists in all spheres of civilization , and it needs to be effectively battled , but choice follows knowledge . The news stories about migrant crimes are intended to inspire concern for the protection of innocents , and for our safety and freedom , which are now at stake in this paramount battle we face in the war on terror , both stealthy and violent . Many have paid a high price for the freedoms that we take for granted . Jihad Watch and other publications that provide the truth about the War on Terror and the Jihad ideology ( which is coming for the West , and in fact is already on our soil , with a mounting number of victims ) are to be applauded and supported . Whatever venom useful idiots want to spew , they are enemies of our democracy , and they are to be differentiated from those who genuinely want to learn . Let them greet Islamic State militants and put their families in harm 's way of Jihadists who are indoctrinated in hate and supremacism , and let 's see if their imprudent opinions will remain the same .
Hello ladies and gentlemen . We hope the summer is treating you great and you 've had your fill of beverages and sun tanning . Nick and Barry peeled themselves off their respective hammocks because a special guest became available . On this episode of Talking Raptors the guys sit down with Toronto Raptors Television Producer Dan Gladman . Dan aka “ Danny G ” sits down with the guys to discuss their career , their past times and passions . Its a great conversation with a great guy who has a wealth of knowledge on our beloved team .
Topics include :
-The Greatness of the band Phish .
-Favourite Raptor moment of all time .
-Media life .
-Season Predictions
-Favourite Raptor memory
-Basketball progression in Toronto
All this and so much more . We hope you enjoy listening to this as much as we enjoyed recording it . Danny G is as good of a dude as they are a guest .
Enjoy and as always thanks for listening .
Grab the iTunes feed or check us out on Stitcher on Android . There is also the plain old feed . You can also download the file , or just listen below :
President Trump has nominated Notre Dame Law Professor Amy Barrett to the Seventh Circuit and Professor Barrett once gave a speech to the legal rights organization Alliance Defending Freedom . The ADF has recently been designated an anti-LGBT hate group by the absurdly misnamed hate cult known as the Southern Poverty Law Center . Drawing on the SPLC 's assault on the ADF and Professor Barrett 's appearance to speak before the group once upon a time , Franken has attacked Professor Barrett as unworthy of confirmation .
Here we have absurdity heaped upon absurdity in the style of McCarthyite guilt by association , but with a twist . At the end of McCarthy 's attacks was the Communist Party of the Soviet Union . At the end of Franken 's attack is the Alliance Defending Freedom . Franken 's performance in the hearing on Professor Barrett before the Senate Judiciary Committee last week made for a sickening display of ignorance heaped upon bigotry and dishonesty .
Franken has drawn on the same technique to state their opposition to the nomination of Minnesota Supreme Court Justice David Stras to the Eighth Circuit . In the statement that they released after their pretended four-month study of Justice Stras 's record , Franken announced that they would withhold their blue slip and therefore prevent Justice Stras 's nomination even from consideration by the Senate unless it is dishonored by Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley . Here are the two operative paragraphs of Franken 's statement ( with my editorial notation of falsehoods ) :
Early in their career , Justice Stras worked as a law clerk for Justice Thomas , one of the Supreme Court 's most conservative members [ lie ] Justice Stras has described Justice Thomas as a mentor , and at an event hosted by the conservative [ lie ] Federalist Society , Justice Stras talked about how the jurisprudence of Justice Scalia helped to shape their own views . They said , “ I really grew up with a steady diet of Justice Scalia , and I 'm better for it. ” Justice Scalia embraced a rigid view of the Constitution that favored powerful corporate interests [ lie ] , was blind to the equal dignity of LGBT people [ lie ] , and often refused to acknowledge the lingering animus in laws that perpetuate the racial divide [ lie ] . As a state court judge , Justice Stras has not often had occasion to consider cases raising these issues , but I am concerned that a nominee nurtured by such an ideology would likely seek to impose it on the litigants before them [ libel based on lies ] . And as it turns out , there is good reason to be concerned about that . During the presidential campaign , then-candidate Trump proudly declared that they would “ appoint judges very much in the mold of Justice Scalia. ” And to make certain that their nominees would espouse such views , President Trump outsourced the job of identifying them to the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation , deeply conservative interest groups that cast skeptical eyes on workers ' rights and civil rights [ a lie several times over ] . Those groups produced a list of conservative judges for then-candidate Trump to consider naming to the Supreme Court-a list that included Justice Stras .
Again note the McCarthyite approach that makes up the sum and substance of Franken 's opposition to Justice Stras ( and of their prospective opposition to Professor Barrett ) . Justice Stras clerked for Justice Thomas . Justice Stras has spoken highly of Justice Scalia . Justice Stras is supported by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society ( putting the facts to one side ) . Franken therefore opposes Justice Stras .
Franken cites nothing from Justice Stras 's scholarly or judicial record to support their opposition . Franken 's opposition is founded entirely on guilt by association — not with the Communist Party or some nefarious organization , but rather with Justice Thomas and with the Federalist Society .
I took a look at Senator Amy Klobuchar 's statement on the Stras nomination last week in “ The many moods of Amy Klobuchar. ” Klobuchar 's statement supports a hearing for Justice Stras while also supporting deference to Franken 's blue slip . Star Tribune reporter Patrick Coolican declared Klobuchar 's statement — seeking to please all while committing themselves to nothing — “ peak Klobuchar. ” They are a walking parody of a politician .
They put the question squarely to Senator Grassley . Will they respect this nonsense ?
The sun as you rarely see it ... through millions of ice crystals called diamond dust
This amazing sunset with a difference is a phenomenon than can arise when you view the sun through millions of ice crystals .
As water freezes in the upper atmosphere , millions of small , six-sided ice crystals - known as diamond dust - flutter to the ground .
And at the approach of either sunrise or sunset , this is what an observer passing through the same plane as the falling crystals will see .
Sunset with a difference : This dazzling halo was taken in Stockholm , Sweden , with the sun at the centre and two bright sundogs glowing on the left and right
Each crystal acts like a miniature lens , refracting the eye 's view of sunlight and creating the phenomena known as sundogs .
The dramatic effect is also referred to a mock sun or a phantom sun .
This sun halo image was taken in Stockholm , Sweden , with the sun in the centre while two bright sundogs glow prominently from the left and the right .
Also visible is a bright 22 degree haloes - as well as the rarer and much fainter 46 degree haloes - also created by sunlight reflecting off atmospheric ice crystals .
Sundogs can be seen around the world as long as the conditions are suitable .
A newly pregnant person has three options from which to choose : Parenting , Adoption , Abortion . They are all equally valid and only the pregnant person can make the final call on what is the right one for them . For more information on all your choices , please check out Planned Parenthood 's Pregnancy Options page . If you 're overwhelmed at the potential that you might be pregnant and you do n't even know where to start , Scarleteen 's here for you with their article “ Pregnancy Scared ? ”
Of course there is so much more to learn about abortion than we had room to fit in one brief comic . I very heartily encourage you to do some more research on your own ! Some excellent resources are :
If you need some after-abortion support , Exhale is the nation 's premiere organization addressing the emotional health and wellbeing of people after abortion .
Comic Updated 3/25/15 :
Medical abortion is administered up to 9 weeks of pregnancy , not 10 , and at 8-9 weeks it is possible to see the embryo pass out of the body , although earlier than that and it is much more unlikely . I apologize for these initial mistakes .
I footnoted a bunch of URLs in the comic , here they are in clickable form :
We 've also done two previous comics on Pregnancy and Emergency Contraception
Meanwhile , In Seattle…
Heeeey ! ! ! This weekend , March 27-29th , Matthew and I 'll be at the Emerald City Comicon ! Here are the deets :
Coordinates :
The Glenturret Distillery is located on the banks of the Turret River two miles north west of Crieff in Perthshire , Scotland . [ 1 ] The distillery is hidden in the glen and its secluded location may have contributed to its early history as the site of several illicit bothy stills . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] The high hills to either side of the distillery were thought to act as lookout points for the smugglers . [ 4 ] When Alfred Barnard visited the distillery they described the glen as “ a perfect paradise to artists , who come in great numbers to transfer some of its transcendent beauties to canvas. ” [ 5 ] The distillery is located in the parish of Monzievaird and Strowan . [ 6 ]
History [ edit ]
The distillery was officially established in 1775 , but had previously been under the control of illicit distillers , who sought to avoid paying taxes to England , since 1717 . [ 4 ] This early history has led to claims that Glenturret is the oldest distillery in Scotland , a title contested by other establishments such as Littlemill , [ 1 ] Glenisla , [ 1 ] Bowmore [ 7 ] and Glen Garioch . [ 7 ]
The distillery was originally known as “ Hosh ” and was originally owned by the Drummond family . `` Hosh '' comes from the Gaelic `` cois '' , meaning foot . [ 8 ] It was taken over by John McCallum in 1845 , until 1875 when Thomas Stewart took it over and renamed it Glenturret in its centenary year . [ 9 ]
The First World War saw the closure of the distillery , but following the war it reopened under the Mitchell Brothers until 1921 , when the great depression and prohibition in America saw it closed again . [ 3 ] The buildings during this period were kept as storage by the Murrays of Ochtertyre . It did not reopen again to production until 1957 when it was revitalised by James Fairlie . [ 9 ] [ 3 ] Fairlie was a whisky enthusiast and their intention was to make a malt whisky created in traditional fashion and to preserve the craft of distilling . [ 1 ] The distillery was bought by Cointreau in 1981 and from there passed to Highland Distillers in 1990 . [ 1 ] Since then it has become the home of “ The Famous Grouse Experience ” , [ 10 ] which was nominated for an Interactive Entertainment Award at BAFTA in 2002 . [ 11 ]
Production and character [ edit ]
A bottle of Glenturret whisky . Above a 10-year-old , 700 ml , 40.0 % Vol .
The water supply for the Glenturret comes via its own pipeline from Loch Turret which has its origin in Ben Chonzie . As the water used contributes much of the taste and character of the whisky , the purity and quality of the water is essential in the whisky making process . Ben Chonzie is part of the Grampian Mountain Range and is a granitic intrusion , [ 12 ] with a diorite composition . This geology has resulted in the extreme softness of the water of Loch Turret making it a suitable source for the whisky .
Barley is soaked in water from the source for two to three days then spread over the floor of the malting house . The green malt is then dried in a kiln over peat smoke , before being milled into grist , which is then mixed with hot water in the mash tun at about 70 °C for an hour . This is drained off and the second water , which is hotter , is added and allowed to run straight through . The third water is even hotter and is used as the first water for the next batch . The sugary wort is collected , cooled and then fermented in large pine vessels called wash backs . Yeast is added and after 48 hours of fermentation the wash is made . The wash is then pre-heated in a wash-charger and from there goes to the wash still . This is a traditional pot still made of copper and is of a shape unchanged in the history of Scotch whisky making . The wash is heated in the pot still so the alcohol vapour rises up and cools and condenses in the low wines receiver . The low wines then pass through to the spirit still where it is distilled again . The spirit running through the pot and spirit stills is subject to Them Majesty 's Customs and Excise Duty and so is kept under lock and key . It can be sampled and tested by the stillman via the spirit sample safe . The spirit from the spirit still is divided in three parts , but only the middle cut or “ Heart of the Run ” is suitable to be made into malt whisky . The other two parts are fed back into the low wines receiver to be re-distilled . The middle cut then goes to an oak spirit receiver and from there to the filling vats in the spirit store . [ 4 ]
At this stage more water is added to reduce the concentration of alcohol from 75 % to 64 % . Each oak cask is handmade and therefore unique , so each must be weighed before and after filling to determine how much spirit is in each . Each cask is stencilled with the name , year , cask number and number of litres . The casks are then laid aside in the warehouse for a minimum of three years when it can be used for blending . But for the malt whisky range it is matured for 8 , 10 , 12 , 15 or 21 years or longer for very special bottlings . [ 4 ]
Philip Hills has described Glenturret with the words : - “ Its nose has the floweriness which is characteristic of such [ bourbon cask ] ; it opens up with water and yields scents of elderflower and liebfraumilch . It is entirely honest , not appearing to be anything it is n't , but what it is , is sufficient ; an entirely pleasing and agreeable whisky. ” [ 13 ]
Towser the mouser [ edit ]
Towser , a long-haired tortoiseshell female , the resident feline pest control expert at Glenturret from 1963 till 1987 , [ 14 ] was an officially recognised record breaker . Them record-breaking victim count was estimated as 28,899 [ 15 ] mice , which were laid out on the Still House floor each morning to be inspected by the stillman . The auditors for the Guinness book of records observed Towser 's prowess over a number of days , and their total kill count was estimated statistically . They were commemorated by a bronze statue at the visitor 's centre at Glenturret and their story was featured on BBC Television 's Blue Peter . Them paw prints also decorate the label on a bottle of Fairlie 's light Highland Liqueur . [ 16 ] Them immediate successors were Dylan and Brooke , [ 17 ] who were chosen for their friendliness and photogenic looks rather than for their mousing skills . The distillery currently `` employs '' Glen , an orange tabby , and Turret , a gray tabby for mousing duties .
Illicit distilling [ edit ]
Excise duty was introduced in Scotland in 1660 . [ 18 ] The taxation laws were very complex and it was unclear how much tax should be paid . Duties also continued to rise gradually and Robert Burns wrote the poem `` Earnest Cry and Prayer '' in 1785 about the problems these high duties caused . Burns themselves was an exciseman between 1789 and 1796 . [ 19 ] They were reported to be `` not a bustling active gauger '' and was allegedly too impatient for the lengthy stake-outs required in their investigations . [ 19 ] But the job paid very well and there were often sizeable rewards paid and the job had very good security .
In 1814 the act banning the use of stills of less than 500 gallons was introduced . [ 20 ] This limited whisky production to commercial concerns and from then on farmers had no way of raising enough money to pay their rents , as distilling allowed them to use their excess grain for whisky which could be sold at a profit greater than that of the grain itself . This drove many honest people to smuggling as a way to survive . Many widespread difficulties were caused by farmers moving off the land , that agriculture in the Highlands was in danger of dying out . The law was changed in 1816 to allow stills of more than 40 gallons to be legal to encourage small distillers . [ 21 ] However this still meant that stills under 40 gallons were determined to be portable and hence illegal which eradicated a lot of domestic distilling .
Smuggling gangs set up stills in secret places . The stills themselves were small so that if the exciseman was spotted they could be removed and hidden . Smuggling chiefs were often men of high standing in the community . When one of their men was arrested the chief 's name would be kept secret . This was partly due to the fact that the excise duties were seen as a tax by a foreign power , i.e . England , and so denying this revenue was their patriotic duty . [ 22 ]
There are many tales of the deviousness of the whisky smuggler in outwitting the gaugers ( an itinerant exciseman who measured containers and their content ) , [ 23 ] and the excisemen . In one such story the gaugers confiscated a large cask of spirit and transported it to a nearby inn where they were staying . They took the cask to their room on the second floor for safe keeping . The smugglers came to the inn and employed the serving girl to locate where the cask sat on the floor above and , using an auger bore into the bottom of the cask , removed all the spirit so that there was none left for the gaugers to sample .
The only way to tackle the illegal distilling entirely was to decrease the duty so that it was no longer profitable and increase policing so that the military and gaugers were increased . Revenue cutters were employed up and down the coast and the numbers excisemen was increased as they were often outnumbered by smuggling gangs . [ 24 ] Further tariff reforms and generous rewards for informers were introduced and these measures became known as `` the burning and starving act '' . [ 25 ]
Illicit distilling has died out from lack of profitability , but rumours still persist in remote places of homemade moonshine like `` Melvaig Mist '' and in Shropshire . [ 26 ]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Glenturret distillery at Wikimedia Commons
The single most important marketing decision most people make is also the one we spend precious little time on : where you work .
Think about this for a second . Your boss and your job determine not only what you do all day , but what you learn and who you interact with . Where you work is what you market . Work in a high stress place and you 're likely to become a highly stressed person , and your interactions will display that . Work for a narcissist and you 'll develop into someone who 's good at shining a light on someone else , not into someone who can lead . Work for someone who plays the fads and you 'll discover that instead of building a steadily improving brand , you 're jumping from one thing to another , enduring layoffs in-between gold rushes . Work for a bully and be prepared to be bullied .
And yet , there are plenty of books about getting a job , but no books I know of about choosing a job . There are hundreds of sites where job seekers can go to find a new job , and virtually none where you can find reviews of bosses or companies or jobs .
Ted Zoromski really needed a job , so they took one doing human spam ( outbound telemarketing ) . That 's their first mistake . This is n't a stepping stone to something better , it does n't teach you much , it grinds you down and it does n't make you more marketable . When they found they were also making calls they found offensive , they quit .
Years ago , when I had ten people working for me at my book packaging company , one client accounted for about half our revenue . They were difficult , constantly threatening litigation , sending lawyers to otherwise productive meetings , questioning our ethics and more . It was clearly the culture of their organization to be at war . So I fired them . I gave them the rights and walked away , even though it meant a huge hit to our organization . Why do it ? Because if we had stuck with them , it would have changed who we were , who we hired and how we marketed ourselves going forward . We would have had a lifetime of this .
How many job offers with good pay have you turned down in your lifetime ? How many clients ? Compare that to how many times you 've been rejected . That 's totally out of whack . Great marketing involves having a great product , and not every job ( or every client ) is worth your time or attention or love .
If you want to become the kind of person that any company would kill to have as an employee , you need to be the kind of employee that 's really picky about who you align with .
In a previous analysis of Google Trends , I noted that it would seem that prog is a dying genre . While I made a couple loose assumptions to come to that conclusion ( namely , that search engine results say something about the ultimate popularity of prog ) , I have been reflecting on what it might mean that prog is diminishing in influence or popularity .
Of the conclusions I made in a Reddit discussion of the post , I think the theory that I favor the most , and the one that holds the most hope for prog fans , is that Le Morte de Prog is a branding problem .
In my own field , clinical psychology , we could see an analogue in the use of hypnosis . Hypnosis was once considered a highly effective , albeit mysterious , form of treatment . In fact , some scientific research supports the claims of hypnosis in the treatment of various physical and mental health concerns .
The problem is that hypnosis suffered from an image problem . The idea of having a bespectacled Austrian man waving a pocket watch in front of you and delving into your unconscious mind – or even worse , associations with stage hypnotists who get paid to get people to cluck like chickens or act like they 're giving birth – were too bothersome and scary for most clients . Combined with some theoretical fuzziness and controversies with “ repressed memories ” meant , for the most part , the death of hypnosis as a mainstream psychological treatment .
Except hypnosis never went away . Now , therapists of all kinds employ mindfulness practices and other forms of meditation , “ guided imagery , ” progressive muscle relaxation , and various other techniques that tend to suspiciously resemble hypnosis but are different enough – and , importantly , do n't carry the same marketing connotations – to sell more comfortably to clients . I 'm currently involved in clinical research on some similar techniques ( namely , guided scripts that encourage people to savor happy events in the past or anticipated events in order to reduce stress ) .
So if we extend this analogy to prog , I think it 's very possible that the very exclusive and incestuous genre of “ Progressive Rock , ” characterized mostly by its excesses , may be losing branding power . This seems especially true in an age where the album format is losing steam and songs are streamed , downloaded , and listened to individually .
Does this mean that prog is gone ? Absolutely not . It would just mean that prog has diffused itself into other forms and genres that tend to shun the p-word altogether . Reviewers might rightly point out that a band might be “ prog-tinged , ” “ proggy , ” or “ psychedelic , ” but tend to shy away from the words “ Prog Rock . ”
So prog fans , rejoice ! Prog is still out there . You may just have to look harder for it . Or you can find a decent prog website and let them do some of the work for you .
Advertisements
Scientology in the spotlight amid fresh allegations
Updated
Fresh evidence implicating the Church of Scientology in the mistreatment and exploitation of some of its most loyal adherents will be aired on Four Corners tonight .
The allegations come just days before an expected Senate vote on whether to launch a Parliamentary inquiry into the church .
Tonight 's program , Scientology : The Ex-Files , focuses on the stories of Australians and Americans who have left the church and are now speaking out . Some are taking legal action against the church .
The men and women featured in the program belonged to Scientology 's elite unit of full-time staffers , the Sea Organisation - or Sea Org .
The allegations in tonight 's program include first-hand accounts that some women have been coerced into having abortions because the Sea Org does not allow its members to have children while they work in the organisation ; that children as young as 15 are interrogated about their sex lives , asked to work excessive hours , and punished severely if they fail to meet targets for recruiting members of the public ; and that 'public ' Scientologists - Scientologists who live and work in the broader community - are pressured over long periods of time into donating their life savings to the church .
The church itself denies the allegations , and is vigorously defending the legal actions which are underway in the United States .
As a religion , the Church of Scientology is tax-exempt in Australia and the United States . In other countries - for example , the United Kingdom - it does not have charitable status .
The UK Charity Commission has determined that the Church of Scientology was not established for the public benefit .
Over the past year , the Church has opened a number of new churches around the world , largely it is believed , funded by tax-free donations from ordinary parishioners .
Tonight 's program features an exclusive interview with a former rugby league player , Joe Reaiche , who played for Eastern Suburbs and Canterbury Bankstown in the 1970 's .
Mr Reaiche , who now lives in America , was declared a `` suppressive person '' and expelled from the church in 2005 .
They have not seen their children - who work in Hollywood and who remain public Scientologists - since then , and says they believe that they were warned not to contact them after they were declared a `` suppressive person '' .
Mr Reaiche told reporter Quentin McDermott : `` You do n't do that to a parent . ''
Church of Scientology spokesperson , Tommy Davis , denies that the church has a policy of disconnection .
They say that members of the Church are free to maintain contact with relatives who have been expelled , but acknowledges that they would not then be welcome in the Church .
Mr Davis told Four Corners : `` If somebody is expelled from the church , anybody who insists on continuing to be connected to somebody who 's been expelled from the church would be told that as long as they maintain that connection they 're not welcome in the church . ''
Tonight 's program features interviews with three members of the Anderson family from Canberra .
Liz Anderson , who left the church last year , has not seen their eldest daughter Fiona since 2005 , when Fiona was posted overseas by the Sea Org in Sydney to join the Sea Org at its base in Clearwater , Florida .
Mr and Mrs Anderson arranged for their youngest daughter Jordan to leave the church last year . Both Jordan and their older sister Fiona joined the Sea Organisation aged 14 .
Jordan tells Four Corners that they were asked to work excessive hours for minimal pay - and once worked 72 hours straight without sleep .
The church 's senior spokesperson , Tommy Davis tells Four Corners that if that were the case , it would be `` utterly and completely unacceptable '' .
Tonight 's program also highlights the issue of alleged `` coerced '' abortions within the church .
Two former members of the church in America describe in detail how they were pressured to have abortions when they fell pregnant to their husbands within the Sea Organisation .
Both women say that they wanted to give birth to the children , but were told not to do so .
Mr Davis tells Four Corners : `` Sea Org members do not have children . If someone is a member of the Sea Organisation and they wish to have a child , they would need to do so outside of the Sea Org , '' but they deny that the church has any policy of coercing women into having abortions .
However , one of the women reporter Quentin McDermott interviewed has composed a list of 40 other women who - they say - say that they too were `` coerced '' into having abortions in America .
Tonight 's Four Corners presents evidence that women inside the Sea Org in Australia have also been put under pressure to have abortions when they fall pregnant .
This week Independent Senator Nick Xenophon is expected to move that an inquiry take place into `` the abuses against Australians that have taken place within the organisation of Scientology '' .
Senator Xenophon told the Senate last November : `` Scientology is not a religious organisation . It is a criminal organisation that hides behind its so-called religious beliefs . ''
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd commented at the time : `` Many people in Australia have real concerns about Scientology . I share some of those concerns . ''
Topics : religion-and-beliefs , community-and-society , law-crime-and-justice , australia , united-states
First posted
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has become a thorn in the side of many European leaders . Their authoritarian politics , bombastic statements , and arrests of German citizens have injected particular tension into German-Turkish relations . Hopes for improved ties following the March 2016 E.U.-Turkey migration deal have been displaced by a diplomatic showdown that sees two powerful NATO allies locking horns — familiar ground for Erdoğan , but almost unprecedented for post-war Germany .
Senior Turkish officials suggest the downward spiral is driven by German politics and express confidence that ties with Berlin will improve after the Sept. 24 election . But anyone in Ankara who thinks this is whistling past the graveyard : German Chancellor Angela Merkel themselves has stated that Turkey should not become an E.U . member and separately warned that Germany will scale back its extensive economic ties with Turkey . This clash is likely to persist — and bring collateral damage for the broader European-Turkish relationship — well beyond election day .
Downward Spiral
The timeline below charts the major diplomatic incidents between the two nations over last 18 months , revealing a near-constant barrage of back-and-forth volleys ranging in severity from ambassadorial reprimands to military redeployments .
Erdoğan 's latest salvo came on Sept. 9 with a warning to Turkish citizens not to travel to Germany , mirroring Germany 's guidance to its citizens after a spate of detentions in Turkey . Earlier , on Aug. 18 , Erdoğan described Germany 's Christian Democratic , Social Democratic , and Green parties as “ enemies of Turkey ” and encouraged German voters of Turkish descent , who number about 1.2 million ( out of a total electorate of 61.5 million ) , to vote against them in the upcoming election . Merkel and Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel responded with justifiable indignation , though this is hardly the only provocative statement Erdoğan has directed at Germany in recent months .
In March , ahead of Turkey 's constitutional referendum on the expansion of presidential powers , Erdoğan accused Merkel of using “ Nazi methods ” to suppress free speech after local German authorities barred some pro-referendum rallies at which senior Turkish politicians planned to speak . This was an offensive accusation for obvious reasons and struck at the heart of Germany 's post-war self-image as a country that has , as its greatest achievement , unequivocally renounced anti-democratic methods .
Germany was not the only country to block such rallies . Similar actions in the Netherlands and Austria also drew Erdoğan 's ire . Their vocal outrage may have been , in part , a tactical calculation . They likely sought to draw support in the referendum from the Turkish diaspora in Europe by presenting themselves as an aggrieved defender of Turkish sovereignty and national pride . For their part , these European governments were able to leverage the moment to issue warnings to Erdoğan against instrumentalizing Turkish populations in Europe and to capitalize on growing anti-Erdogan sentiment in their countries — a bizarre sort of win-win scenario .
The security realm has not been spared these recriminations . Turkey has , on three occasions , blocked German parliamentarians — who voted in June 2016 to support a resolution recognizing the Armenian genocide — from visiting German troops stationed at the Incirlik and Konya military bases in Turkey . Ankara has also launched legal battles against offending German comedians and accused German companies operating inside Turkey of supporting terrorism ( a claim it later withdrew ) . With the arrests of two more German citizens on Sept. 1 , the number of Germans currently being detained in Turkey has risen to over 50 , 12 of whom German authorities say are held on political charges ( including journalists and human rights experts ) .
In response , Germany has taken increasingly tough steps toward Turkey . In May , German authorities ignored Turkish extradition requests and granted the asylum claims of some Turkish military officers and officials who feared for their safety following Erdoğan 's post-coup purge . According to media reports , 615 former Turkish officials and dependents have sought asylum in Germany . Some cases yet to be adjudicated include two officers Turkey accuses of direct participation in the coup attempt , which will guarantee continued bilateral friction on this issue .
Berlin has also moved its 260 Incirlik-based troops involved in the counter-ISIL mission to Jordan , one of the boldest steps to date . It issued a travel warning advising German citizens about the risks of travel to Turkey , and warned Ankara that it would refuse to allow balloting in Germany ( among Turkish citizens ) if Erdoğan decides to hold a referendum in Turkey on reinstating the death penalty .
Most recently , in a televised election debate on Sept. 3 , Merkel and their SPD rival for the chancellorship , Martin Schulz , sought to outdo each other in criticizing Turkey 's direction . They disagreed only about means : Schulz called for ending Turkey 's accession talks with the European Union , and while Merkel demurred , they stated unequivocally that Turkey “ should not become a member of the EU ” and that they had always opposed accession . Condemnation of Erdoğan turned out to be one of the central points of agreement in the election debate .
Motivations
For a country that instinctively stresses dialogue and diplomacy — and particularly for a leader like Merkel , who embodies rational pragmatism — Germany 's stance is striking . It is hard to recall such sustained acrimony levied publicly by Germany toward another country in the post-war period , let alone toward a treaty ally .
The current standoff reflects a dramatic change from March 2016 , when Merkel brokered the E.U . deal with Ankara to halt the flow of migrants and asylum-seekers from Turkey to Greece . The price tag on the deal — €6 billion in aid , visa-free travel for Turkish citizens , and intensified accession talks — seemed to attest to Europe 's weak negotiating position . Eighteen months later , Germany 's increased willingness to respond in kind to Erdoğan 's rebukes stands in stark relief . It may be partially explained by the closure of the migrant land route through the Western Balkans , which has made Germany less vulnerable to migration pressures from Turkey .
It also has to do with politics in both countries . Public opinion in Germany has turned decidedly against Erdoğan and their government : A survey earlier this year indicated that an overwhelming majority of German voters , regardless of party inclination , supported a tougher line toward Turkey . There is virtually no electoral constituency of any consequence supporting closer relations . Deepening authoritarianism in Turkey has only reinforced that position across the political spectrum .
In Turkish politics , Erdoğan benefits in the short term with their conservative and nationalist base by defying Europe 's acknowledged leader — a leader that , in the eyes of some Turks , stands unfairly between their nation and visa-free travel to the European Union , a full customs union , and , ultimately , membership in the union . By channeling Turkey 's national sense of indignation over Europe 's repeated rebuffs in Merkel 's direction , Erdoğan is able to rally their base while distracting from economic difficulties in Turkey and from domestic opposition toward their own policies .
Erdoğan also harbors resentment over what they perceive as an inadequate show of support following the attempted coup in July 2016 . They feel betrayed by Germany 's criticism of the steps they consider justified and necessary to sustain democratic rule . There is also deep suspicion and paranoia in Turkey about supporters of exiled Turkish spiritual leader Fethullah Gulen , whom Erdoğan blames for the coup attempt . Erdoğan alleges that Germany ( along with many other nations ) harbors Gulenists who represent a threat to the Turkish state .
Implications
There are several aspects of the German-Turkish relationship that have been or could be affected by the current row . Economically , Germany is Turkey 's biggest trading partner , with trade totaling $ 34.4 billion in 2015 . Germany is the largest export market for Turkish products by a broad margin and the second largest import market after China . There are nearly 6,400 German companies operating in Turkey . German tourism totaled 5.5 million last year alone , the most from any nation and 15 percent of all tourism in Turkey . Germany knows it holds the upper hand : Berlin will not want to damage German business interests in Turkey , but Merkel and their government will not be coerced by threats against German firms . Economic interests may therefore be one of the few checks on how far Erdoğan is willing to push Berlin .
Ripple effects will surely be felt inside NATO , however , where consensus and unity are required for decision-making . So far , significant impacts have been avoided , if only barely . After asking for and receiving NATO air and missile defense reinforcements — which included German PATRIOT systems — from 2013 to 2015 , Turkey now has signed a $ 2.5 billion deal with Moscow to procure four S-400 air defense batteries over other U.S.- and European-made systems . Unlike the United States , Germany has bitten its tongue publicly despite the dangers to NATO interoperability and solidarity vis-à-vis Russia . Because German industry does not have a direct commercial interest in the S-400 sale , it may decide to let the United States take the lead in managing this disagreement . Given Germany 's economic leverage with Turkey , however , the question of whether it should take a pass on this issue is a valid one .
In a more public clash , NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg had to step in to mediate when Turkey again riled members of the German Bundestag . The incident originated with Erdoğan 's decision to postpone a German delegation visit to the NATO forward operating base at Konya , where approximately 30 German troops are stationed in support of the alliance 's AWACS air surveillance contribution to the counter-ISIL coalition . Stoltenberg persuaded Ankara to allow the visit on the condition that it occur under NATO sponsorship , averting a showdown that could have jeopardized the mission itself .
That the Germans are still supporting NATO 's efforts in Konya after pulling their nationally-flagged troops from Incirlik shows that , at least for now , Berlin is willing to separate its NATO commitments from its bilateral political disagreements . In the near term , Germany is unlikely to block future NATO assistance measures requested by Turkey from going forward . It may , however , be less willing to answer the call with contributions of its own going forward , especially for deployments that require a Bundestag mandate — as the current AWACS deployment ( and past missile defense support ) did .
Germany 's bilateral defense relationship with Turkey may suffer , too . Berlin has already announced that it will exercise stronger control over arms exports to Ankara , a relationship worth $ 99 million in 2016 . Opposition parties in the Bundestag have called for a complete halt to arm sales , which Merkel 's government thus far has resisted , although 11 cases reportedly have been denied since the start of 2016 .
As for the European Union , the most significant impact of frayed relations will be to the overall trajectory on Turkey 's accession . Post-election , it is unlikely that any new governing coalition in Germany would favor Turkish E.U . membership , but it is possible Berlin might preserve a modicum of ambiguity by declining to seek a consensus to break off the process . Neither side wants to assume blame for ending the talks altogether , and Germany as well as other European states have a direct interest in intelligence-sharing with Turkey and the broader fight against terrorism . Regardless , the promises made by Merkel and Schulz in the election campaign ensure that the European Union will assess its relationship with Turkey at the October E.U . Council meeting . Ankara seems resigned to the reality of its prospects , or at least content to use an eventual rejection for domestic political gain .
Expectations
While the temperature might decrease a bit after the Sept. 24 German election , the relationship will not be repaired anytime soon . This is because the core of the issue will not disappear : Turkey 's shift toward authoritarianism , and how NATO and the European Union deal with allies and partners who are diverging not just diplomatically but also in their foundational values .
The new assertiveness in German policy toward Turkey can not be separated entirely from the rise of President Trump and the weakening of U.S.-German ties . If Berlin loses confidence in Washington 's ability to manage the overall western relationship with Ankara , then it may feel the need to strike a more independent course . Growing German responsibility inside the western democratic coalition will involve further growing pains and challenges , which the next Chancellor will have to confront and reconcile with Berlin 's top foreign policy priorities .
Lisa Sawyer Samp is a Senior Fellow in CSIS 's International Security Program , and formerly the Director for NATO and European Strategic Affairs at the National Security Council . Jeffrey Rathke is a Senior Fellow and Deputy Director of CSIS 's Europe program , and formally a NATO official and a Foreign Service Officer at the State Department .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
U bum . Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James spoke for a grateful nation Saturday morning , when they slapped down President Donald Trump on Twitter for essentially trying to start a race war with the country 's black athletes . James might have said the same thing Monday night , after the president took to Twitter and blamed the devastated territory of Puerto Rico for its tremendous suffering in the wake of Hurricane Maria . Ad Policy
Here 's how it went down , courtesy of the Politico Playbook :
@ realDonaldTrump at 8:45 pm : “ Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico , which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt , is in deep trouble .. ” … at 8:50 pm : . ” .. It 's [ sic ] old electrical grid , which was in terrible shape , was devastated . Much of the Island was destroyed , with billions of dollars…. ” … at 8:58 pm : . ” .. owed to Wall Street and the banks which , sadly , must be dealt with . Food , water and medical are top priorities—and doing well . # FEMA . ”
“ With billions of dollars owed to Wall Street and the banks , which , sadly , must be dealt with. ” The poster boy of profligacy , the man of six corporate bankruptcies—even a golf course they mismanaged in Puerto Rico wound up being forced into bankruptcy—the boy whose father made him , to begin with , and then secretly made them whole , funneling them money by purchasing $ 3.5 million in casino chips from one of their schlocky , mismanaged Atlantic City gambling resorts ; this grifter is lecturing Puerto Rico about its troubles and insisting its debts “ must be dealt with. ” U bum . Related Article Taking a Knee Is Not About Abstract Unity but Racial Justice Dave Zirin
Let 's review : One minute Trump is railing against the threat of black football players ' taking a knee during the national anthem to protest police violence , and the scourge of uppity black basketball players ( in this case , the Golden State Warriors ' Stephen Curry ) who refused a customary visit to the White House as long as Trump 's in it . The next , he 's lecturing an island of brown people about their insufficient readiness for disaster , and their underwhelming claim on the resources of the United States—even though they are citizens . It 's just like Steph Curry said , discussing the fact that the players Trump has attacked all happen to be African American . “ I do n't know why they feel the need to target certain individuals rather than others , ” Curry told reporters on Saturday . “ I have an idea of why. ” Me too , Steph . Same with Puerto Rico .
Now Trump has turned their attention from black Americans to brown ones , trapped on an island devastated by centuries of colonization and exploitation . Puerto Rico 's 3.5 million residents may be without power for as long as six months . They lack adequate drinking water . The island 's farmland is devastated ; green fields have turned a sickly brown . It 's true : The debt to Wall Street has made the commonwealth poorer , as did an agreement reached last year that cut public workers ' pay and hours , and precluded investment in the indeed decrepit infrastructure .
I wondered if Trump 's Puerto Rico rant had been inspired by another slight they suffered Monday night : The entire Dallas Cowboys team and staff , including owner and GOP donor Jerry Jones , took a knee before the national anthem during the Monday Night Football game against the Arizona Cardinals . Yes , that Jerry Jones , the iconic old-school owner of America 's Team ! Sure , Jones was driven by their wallet—he ca n't afford to be on a different team , so to speak , from their overwhelmingly African-American players . But Jones had to be the very picture of the man Trump had in mind Friday night as they urged NFL owners , “ when somebody disrespects our flag , to say , ‘ Get that son of a bitch off the field right now . Out ! He 's fired . He 's fired ! ' ” Trump went on to muse : “ You know , some owner is going to do that . He 's going to say , ‘ That guy that disrespects our flag , he 's fired . ' And that owner , they do n't know it [ but ] they 'll be the most popular person in this country. ” If they thought that owner might be Jerry Jones , who in the past criticized the anthem protests , they were very disappointed Monday night . Current Issue View our current issue
“ It was real easy for everybody in our organization to see that the message of unity , the message of equality was getting , if you will , pushed aside or diminished by the controversy , ” Jones said at a post-game news conference . It 's true the cagey owner managed to stage the show of unity before the anthem , so that their players were standing , not kneeling , while it was played . But the insult was n't lost on Trump , who tweeted Tuesday morning : “ The booing at the NFL football game last night , when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees , was the loudest I have ever heard . Great anger . ”
So he 's back to bashing black football players—and now , the white team owners too—and taking a break from debt-shaming the unlucky citizens of Puerto Rico . On MSNBC Tuesday morning , FEMA director Brock Long brushed aside questions about Trump 's callous tweets to say the president had approved “ 100 percent ” of their requests for aid to this forlorn American territory .
But even if Trump has belatedly authorized aid , the lack of care and attention , and the nasty tweets , reveal their entitled corporate worldview . Even though as a developer he 's been a grifter , pulling in government favors , stiffing small contractors , and ultimately stiffing large banks if they needed to , as a president they are first and foremost the president of American capitalism , and debts must be paid . That same mindset—rules apply to other people , not to us—can be seen in the news that at least six high-ranking members of the Trump administration , including daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner , used private e-mail to do government business , after being part of a campaign that promised to imprison Hillary Clinton for the non-crime of doing the same . Rules apply to other people , not to us .
Thus the rule that debts “ must be dealt with ” applies to Puerto Rico , and not to Trump . It 's not irrelevant that the island 's residents are mostly citizens of color : In the New York of Trump 's formative years , the '50s , '60s , and '70s , a Puerto Rican immigration surge made them a scapegoat to the white ethnics in places like Trump 's hometown of Queens . Disrespecting Puerto Ricans , along with black athletes , is just Trump revving up white grievance politics again , which is especially essential as their legislative agenda circles the drain .
There has been speculation on cable news and social media that Trump 's inattention to the suffering in Puerto Rico stemmed from their ignorance that the island 's residents are in fact citizens , that they are their president too ( even though they did n't get a vote ) . It 's the modern Republican paradox : Are they ignorant , or are they lying ? Ignorant , or just evil ? As readers answered resoundingly when I asked that question about the GOP 's many , many lies about the Graham-Cassidy Obamacare repeal , the answer is often both . In this case , Trump has advisers who can , presumably , remind them that Puerto Rico is part of the United States , and they are the territory 's president . And yet they sent those three cruel tweets anyway , because they are a bum .
Russia 's team was allowed to participate in the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , according to the President of the Russian Olympic Committee ( ROC ) Alexander Zhukov .
`` We are going to Rio ! '' Alexander Zhukov said as quoted by Russia 's Sport Express newspaper .
© REUTERS / Ricardo Moraes Most Scandalous Olympic Boycotts of All Time
The IOC made a decision not to ban the entire Russian team from participating in the 2016 Summer Olympic Games , leaving it to the respective International Federations to decide on whether individual Russian athletes will be participating in the competition .
The IOC also noted that Russian athletes with a doping record will be suspended from participating in the competition , including Russian track and field athletes who will not be able to take part in the Games in accordance with the previous decision made by IAAF .
West Virginia lawmakers have introduced a bill that would ban drivers from using Google Glass from behind the wheel .
The bill specifies that the use of any “ wearable computer with head mounted display ” while operating a vehicle would result in a fine .
“ I actually like the idea of the product and I believe it is the future , but last legislature we worked long and hard on a no-texting-and-driving law , ” state Delegate Gary G. Howell , a Republican , told CNET . “ It is mostly the young that are the tech-savvy that try new things . They are also our most vulnerable and underskilled drivers . ”
“ We heard of many crashes caused by texting and driving , most involving our youngest drivers . I see the Google Glass as an extension , ” Mr. Howell , a self-described Libertarian , continued . “ [ W ] hen I choose to use the Google Glass and cross the center-line of the road because I 'm reading a text , then my actions affect someone else . ”
Google Glass , which has n't yet made its debut , displays information in a smartphonelike format hands-free , can interact with the Internet via voice commands and uses Google 's Android operating system .
Other issues that have been addressed regarding Google Glass is privacy . Earlier this month , a Seattle dive bar — the 5 Point — became the first to ban the high-tech , augmented-reality spectacles .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
A western Michigan man stricken with cancer has failed to persuade a judge to order the state to recognize their New York same-sex marriage . ( Photo : Getty Images )
A western Michigan man stricken with cancer has failed to persuade a judge to order the state to recognize their New York same-sex marriage .
Federal Judge Gordon Quist said Tuesday he 's not “ unsympathetic ” to Bruce Morgan 's health . But they say the case , filed last June , must remain on hold until the U.S. Supreme Court decides whether states must recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states .
Attorneys representing Gov . Rick Snyder agree with the judge . The Supreme Court is hearing arguments next week .
Morgan and Brian Merucci live in the Grand Rapids area . Morgan 's cancer is progressing , and they want their marriage recognized so they can make medical decisions for each other .
Their attorney , Stephanie Myott , says Morgan “ may not have much time left . ”
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //bcene.ws/1GoUXxC
So I spent a day and a half , knowing full well that the Colombian rescue was done with the assistance of our intelligence services , wondering , still , why they timed the rescue to coincide with McCain 's visit to Colombia .
Leaders of the Colombian FARC rebel movement were paid millions of dollars to free Colombian politician Ingrid Betancourt and 14 other hostages , Swiss radio said on Friday , quoting ‘ a reliable source ' .
The 15 hostages released on Wednesday by the Colombian army ‘ were in reality ransomed for a high price , and the whole operation afterwards was a set-up , ' the radio 's French-language channel said .
Saying the United States , which had three of its citizens among those freed , was behind the deal , it put the price of the ransom at some $ 20 million .
[ snip ]
White House spokesperson Dana Perino said the rescue ‘ was conceived by the Colombians and executed by the Colombians with our full support , ' while implying that Washington had provided intelligence and even operational help .
A United States senator from Missouri ( 1843-55 ) , David Rice Atchison is a lively footnote to political history : he 's now known to trivia buffs as the man who was “ president for one day . ”
Supporters claim that Atchison was president on 4 March 1849 , when newly-elected president Zachary Taylor refused to take the oath of office on a Sunday . The term of incumbent James Polk ended that day at noon , leaving the office theoretically vacant until Taylor could be sworn in on Monday .
As president pro tempore of the Senate , David Rice Atchison would presumably have been next in line for the job , if a vacancy had been declared . But in actual practice Atchison was never sworn in or assigned the presidency in any way . The day passed without incident and Taylor simply took the oath of office on March 5th .
As years passed , however , Atchison 's “ term ” became a popular bit of historical lore . Atchison helped the story along : their grave marker reads “ David Rice Atchison — President of the United States for One Day. ” A pro-slavery Democrat , Atchison supported the Confederacy during the Civil War . The town of Atchison , Kansas is named for him .
It seems that in every blog `` argument '' I enter with a conservative or Republican individual , I am inevitably identified as a `` communist , '' a `` pinko commie , '' or an `` Obamunist . '' Now , I learned early on in my political blogging career that insults hurled in comment sections are often the product of an inflated sense of bravado enhanced by the protection that anonymity ensures . But really , folks . Communist ? Pinko ? Obamunist ? All you are succeeding in doing is identifying yourself as woefully ignorant about political theory .
Let 's begin with a basic lesson in Communism . MSN 's Encyclopedia Encarta defines communism as :
A theory and system of social and political organization that was a major force in world politics for much of the 20th century . As a political movement , communism sought to overthrow capitalism through a workers ' revolution and establish a system in which property is owned by the community as a whole rather than by individuals . In theory , communism would create a classless society of abundance and freedom , in which all people enjoy equal social and economic status . In practice , communist regimes have taken the form of coercive , authoritarian governments that cared little for the plight of the working class and sought above all else to preserve their own hold on power .
Now , seeing as how Merriam-Webster defines a communist as `` an adherent or advocate of a Communist government , party , or movement , '' I think we can agree that anyone who supports capitalism and individual property ownership is not a communist . Barack Obama , who supports capitalism and the ability for people to climb the class ladder based on their own individual hard word and success . Their economic plan offers plenty of assistance to those who wants to improve their own skill sets through education and training , and thus advance in their jobs . You can find details on their entire economic plan here , on their own Web site .
People who support Obama generally support Obama 's economic plan ( and as a recent ABC News poll indicates , 57 % of those surveyed believe Obama has a stronger understanding of the American economy than McCain ) . Therefore , I feel it is a safe assumption that Obama 's supporters are capitalists , not communists .
Calling us `` communists '' for supporting Barack Obama is more or less on par with calling us `` smelly , '' `` doo doo heads , '' `` fatties , '' or `` dumb dumbs . '' It reveals that you know so little about government that you are forced to regurgitate fear-mongering GOP talking points from more than a half century ago .
It 's not that I 'm offended by being called a communist -- in fact , I find it amusing how eager and willing these people are to proclaim their ignorance so publicly . It 's that they expect people to take them seriously in political discussions when they do n't even care enough to research the party line before they recite it .
With more questions and inquiries coming through www.worldesport.com , the Founders Maxima and Vazy have decided to create an additional service for the eSport & Gaming community . World eSport Legal Services offer consulting on various legal topics and ready to use legal documents , you as a player , team or an organisation may need . To introduce the client friendly legal framework in the eSport & Gaming community , it is essential that you know about your legal position , your options , and your brand . We use our experience and passion to help you !
Visit us on : legal.worldesport.com
What services can I contact World eSport Legal Services for ?
Trademark Search
You have thought of an idea , started working on the concept and want to make sure that no one copies your logo/brand name ? We do the search for you and advise you based on your case on how to best protect yourself in the market . Once we helped you through your registration , we will inform you if anyone is willing to register a similar or even identical mark in the EU and advise you accordingly .
EU Trademark registration
A Trademark registration can be complex and quite costly . Once registered , you can´t amend what you have registered . Let us help you through the registration and advise you how to best protect your brand . If you are unsure about the classification or what type of mark you should register , just contact us and we can start consulting you !
IP/Brand protection and portfolio building
Once you have started building your brand and have registered it , it is mandatory to protect it . Imagine you have spotted someone uses an identical logo , or a highly similar brand name ? We consult you on what to do next . Protection is not enough for you ? Are you thinking about expanding your brand , whether geographically or in terms of services/goods ? Let´s discuss your options !
THE TIME HAS COME TO LEGALISE ESPORT . BE ON THE SAFE SIDE Alexandra “ Maxima ” Merz
Confidential NDA´s and NCA´s
A Non-Disclosure Agreement is what you need when you are still working on your big project behind the scenes , but want to freely discuss it with potential partners and team members . We design your customised NDA for a good conscious mind ! A Non-Compete Agreement is specifically applicable when you hire your developer or designer , but don´t want them to compete against your business for a certain period , should he/she decide to leave your company . That´s what you need ? Contact us today .
Player Contracts
Player contracts are becoming more popular , but are they legally correct ? There may be loopholes in your contract , which once signed , will be tough to amend . Do you feel there is something abusive or unfair in your contract ? Or do you need advice on how to best negotiate a contract – either with a team or a player ? We have the answers for you !
International Service Contracts
Whether you are an international or domestic company , the second you hire freelancers or new team members , you need a formal agreement in place . Are you uncertain of what clauses are supposed to be included ? Want to make sure you have it all covered ? Don´t hesitate to contact us for an individual consulting session .
For an inquiry or advice regarding the above mentioned topics , please email us on legal @ worldesport.com
Mark Cuban . AP Photo/Brandon Dill Billionaire business mogul Mark Cuban said Tuesday that Gary Cohn , head of President Donald Trump 's National Economic Council , is leading a `` Democratic invasion of the White House . ''
Cuban , the owner of the NBA 's Dallas Mavericks and star of ABC 's `` Shark Tank , '' told the Fox Business Network that was why Trump is becoming more centrist , according to Fox Business reporter Charlie Gasparino .
`` 50 % of non-military leadership are Democrats , '' Cuban said , pointing to Cohn , Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin , senior adviser Jared Kushner , and assistant to the president Ivanka Trump .
Cuban , who 's flirted with the idea of a future presidential run himself , has been among Trump 's most vocal critics .
Recent reporting on internal affairs of the White House has the more centrist wing consisting of Cohn and Kushner clashing with the more nationalist , conservative populist wing headed by chief strategist Steve Bannon .
Temple of Dawn : visit inside a Brazilian UFO cult
Do n't trifle with spirits , said my American friend as we enter this weird syncretic Brazilian sanctuary in the outskirts of Brasilia , called the Temple of Dawn .
I am wearing my white Brazilian dress with big black Brazilian ants on it , and I cover my bare shoulders with a colorful silk shawl with tiny celebrity faces : from Hitler to Jesus .
It is about to rain outside , one of those tropical storms is coming . But inside the barn-like temple , it is stuffy and misty with incense , like a science fiction movie-set from the 1930s . My eyes are burning , my nose is running , but I am glimpsing incredible figures and paintings on the walls , on the brick labyrinths , numerous thrones , veil like fabrics .... The Temple of Dawn worships UFOs , Tutankhamen , Jesus , the disembodied spirit of an Indian chief named White Feather ... name it . `` Aunt Neiva , '' the cult 's prophet and founder , created the church in a trance some 50 years ago .
Neiva used to be a truck driver married with four kids , before their spiritual gift descended on them and they became a prophet . They founded this cult community , and , advised by spirits of the dead , they dictated the cult 's highly elaborate costumes and rituals . Our spiritual guide is a very warm pleasant church functionary in a complicated black , white and orange uniform , with a sash and a white surcoat adorned with crosses , badges and stars . They are telling us this elaborated story , without much philosophical or religious consistency . Every logical question makes them wriggle .
They do n't need to seek answers , says my American friend , they have their dogma and faith .
I guess that goes for all religions . As I try hard to understand the incomprehensible , it strikes me that , in this gaudy , rambling UFO temple , I feel exactly as I feel in a Catholic cathedral or an Orthodox church . It 's the same situation , only with less transparency .
So I decide to surrender and go with the spiritual flow . A procession of cult women of all ages , dressed as Disney queens with hooded capes and billowing skirts in cartoon-bright colors , is chanting and marching though the brick labyrinths . They smile at us and ask us to stand aside . This ritual marching and toneless singing goes on for hours every day , while two other religious orders , costumed differently but just as strangely , carry out other tasks , such as washing in trough-sized baptismal fonts and hailing shrouded idols with stiff-armed salutes . This ruckus seems agitated and messy at first , but some firm military structure underlies it . They are calm , focused and persistent , like hospital orderlies .
The high priests of two orders , doctrinaires and mediums , perform the purification of souls of the patients ( as they call us , the non-believers ) . The cult does n't lack for clients . Many common people are there in the temple , sitting on painted cement benches to watch the cultists meditate on colored thrones and fly into trances . Some are poor , simple local people , some are on crutches or in wheelchairs . Of all ages and races . Rich ambassadors come over from Brasilia sometimes , I am told . Tourists come to gawk . Culturologues film them and study them .
Every day , the cult offers spiritual guidance to those who have not yet realized that they are incarnated from other planets . Our guide is a former general who has been reincarnated nineteen times , and they confess shyly that they need to help people because of the large numbers they slaughtered in their former military career . People , says our guide , are continually pestered by ghosts , whether they know it or not . Their general keeps coming back to him , asking for this and that , and struggling to find a new order where they can purify themselves through good works . The spirit of the dead man is doing that now , in the body of the priest . It 's not fun , it 's demanding and suffocating work . But it is rewarding : these kind people do n't ask for money . They even refuse donations . It 's unclear how they manage to eat , much less built their private lake , cement pyramids and giant plywood Jesus effigies . One never sees them doing anything but performing their sacred duties . The mediums sometimes writhe , moan and gasp in woe as the spirits of the dead take direct hold of them . This elite group seems to have life especially hard .
There are 670 temples all over the world , they tell us , and about 36 000 believers here in Brasilia . Even though a woman founded the cult , only men become the priestly `` doctrinaires , '' who go out among the public to preach and proselytize . The spirits have never called another woman to be adequate to that job , I am told .
The temple is full of dreamlike imagery : of the Sun and the Moon , in the middle an arrow , framed faces of ghostlike creatures and big-eyed spirit guides , six-sided stars pasted all over with mirrors , crosses draped in cloth , pillars , veils , and painted flames . It reminds me of my grandmother ' s stories from inner Serbia , when the dead used to come back and ask for justice , or their earned reward , or sometimes even for peace .
Although I feel uneasy , I do n't feel endangered . I look at a young , very thin boy with a bandanna on their head : obviously he 's come here in some pitiful hope to get well again . Will faith healing help them in their plight , or just speed them to the grave ?
All these New Age cults have some vague aura of criminality . When Radovan Karadzic , the Serbian war criminal was hiding as a guru of alternative medicine , disguised in a weird costume , I met sick people who believed their cover stories . They never cured them .
Although we are in rather good health , when our guide presses the issue , we volunteer to get a diagnosis by trance mediums .
My personal medium has a hard time with me . We have no language in common , and four different spirits take over their body and then run away as they try to give me good advice . My Brazilian friend has a different problem , their medium is speaking ancient Portuguese to him , through a spirit who is several centuries old . Nobody can get their true meaning , as they urge my Brazilian friend to drink plenty of water and bang on the earth with a cane .
Outside it is storming and getting cold in the summer : the women are chanting on the cult 's private lake . Other women sit in specific cement thrones inside the temple , in immobilized silence , gathering spiritual power . We 're warned not to touch them , or even the barriers and chains that surround them . When fully charged , they rise unblinking in their starry cartoon costumes and go sit in another chair somewhere else . Nothing much happens .
The droning songs , endless marches and reeking incense are leaving us tired , empty and badly in need of a drink . The calm chaos has come to seem normal ; it 's the everyday Brazilians , in their summer shorts , Tshirts and rubber zories , who seem exotic now .
We are urged to purify ourselves though long ritual procedures in brightly-painted antechambers , but we do n't feel up to the challenge . We 'll try that next time , we promise gratefully . Kindly they salute us , with good wishes for the foreign wanderers . Many have come before us from all over the world , they confide . Some have come back to the Temple of the Dawn . Some join us and stay .
This prospect gratifies our eccentricities . It makes us feel humble and grateful for the wonders of our life as it is . Religion can be soaringly inspirational as it becomes impossible to describe .
More : jasminatesanovic.wordpress.com
( photographs : Jasmina Tesanovic )
Madison - Like many college students , Wisconsin defensive tackle Jordan Kohout is n't afraid to share certain parts of their life via Twitter :
`` Mopeding in the rain = bad idea . ''
That tweet ( on @ jkohout91 ) came earlier this month , on a cool , rainy day in Madison .
Another : `` I love the @ FoodNetwork . ''
For the record , @ FoodNetwork has more than 1.1 million followers .
`` There are a lot of things out there , '' Kohout said when asked about the information available on Twitter . `` If you want to follow a celebrity talking about their day . . . ''
Or you can follow Kohout talking about the volatile situation in the Middle East , their views on how people should treat each other and their discovery of Islam .
Sometimes Kohout shares original thoughts on Twitter .
`` If we can dedicate ourselves to virtue and goodness , and see others as we see ourselves , then maybe we can live that dream of his , '' they tweeted recently .
Other times , they re-tweets the thoughts of historical figures , writers or friends .
Kohout has followed the reported atrocities in Syria under the rule of President Bashar Assad .
They recently re-tweeted this from a Jordanian blogger :
`` The whole world is # UnitedAgainstAssad . It 's up for the politicians to live up to what the people want . And they 're not ! # Syria . ''
`` I 've been practicing the Muslim faith for about two years now , '' said Kohout , who will be a redshirt junior next season . `` I think it is just good to get positive stuff out there . I re-tweet a lot of stuff .
`` I 'll see a positive message and I think it is good for people to have a nice little reminder if they want to ( escape ) from all the gossip you see there . ''
Messages such as this quote , attributed to Imam Birgivi , who lived from 1522-1573 , during the height of the Ottoman Empire .
`` He who harms the innocent , Ten times harder shall they fall . Fire from heaven shall strike him . And when their body drops , They shall rise in hell . ''
Kohout , from Waupun , became a practicing Muslim by chance .
`` I tried a few different things , '' they said . `` I was n't very religious when I was younger . I tried a few different things - Buddhism , meditation , Christianity .
`` I have some great Muslim friends who I really think the world of . . . They are wonderful people that I 'm very happy to have met . ''
Prayer has become an integral part of their daily life .
`` Praying five times a day , '' they said , `` I like the rigor of that . That 's something that I need . Not everybody needs it , but I think I do . ''
Kohout , who has missed the last week of spring workouts because of recurring migraines , is often pained to see TV reports detailing the ongoing struggles of Muslims in the Middle East .
`` I think I 've just got to remind myself it is a nuanced issue , '' they said . `` You see stories about suicide bombings and if you look into classic Islamic law ( Sharia law ) that is completely against the law .
`` That is disheartening . But people that are committing atrocities , if they are living in a place like that , if they see family members killed every day , it can mess with your head . ''
Kohout referred to a report that detailed a 10-year-old Palestinian boy living in Israel who chose to become a suicide bomber .
`` He saw their mother killed by an Israeli soldier , '' they said . `` He just went crazy . They strapped a bomb to himself . Any child who saw their mother killed like that , that would mess with you . I ca n't even imagine that .
`` Evil is evil . But I do n't think people are inherently evil . I think a lot of circumstances contribute . ''
Whether the topic is the wisdom of riding a moped in the rain , watching a Packers game with friends at a local restaurant or the crisis in the Middle East , Kohout does n't mind sharing their thoughts on Twitter .
NEW YORK -- Montreal Canadiens goalie Carey Price left the game Wednesday against the New York Rangers after two periods with the same lower-body injury that kept them out of the lineup for nine games from Oct. 30 through Nov. 19 .
Price 's right leg appeared to bend awkwardly when they were trying to move across the crease during a sequence in the second period .
Montreal coach Michel Therrien said they did not know how long Price would be out of the lineup . They will not play against the New Jersey Devils at Prudential Center on Friday , but was n't scheduled to play in that game . The Canadiens play the Devils at Bell Centre on Saturday .
Price was playing their third game since returning from the injury last Friday against the New York Islanders at Barclays Center . They finished with 22 saves in two periods Wednesday . Rookie backup Mike Condon replaced Price and made 11 saves in a 5-1 win .
`` The medical staff was really comfortable and Carey was really comfortable to come back , '' Therrien said . `` If we had had any doubt , for sure we were never going to take that risk . That 's all we could say about it . They tweaked it again tonight and that 's why we do n't want to take any chances . It 's still early in the season , so it 's important for us that when they play he 's got to make sure he 's healthy . ''
Price came to the bench midway through the second period to talk with athletic therapist Graham Rynbend . Condon said they could tell Price was laboring the rest of the period , so they mentally prepared to go into the game .
`` I saw them coming to the bench in a TV timeout , but our medical staff told me nothing , '' Therrien said .
Condon found out they were going in during the intermission between the second and third periods .
`` Goalies know how goalies move , and you can tell when a guy obviously is n't 100 percent or something happened and they got hit , '' Condon said . `` I saw what happened and started getting my mind mentally ready . You 've always got to be ready at the drop of a hat because you never know when that moment can come . ''
Canadiens forward Devante Smith-Pelly said they did n't know Price was coming out of the game until they saw Condon leading them back onto the ice for the start of the third period . Montreal was leading 2-1 at the time .
`` It 's next guy up , '' Montreal captain Max Pacioretty said . `` You never want to see that happen , especially with Carey , our best player , but [ Condon ] did a great job in relief . ''
The Canadiens know more about Condon and what they offer now as opposed to the previous time Price was injured .
Condon started all nine games Price missed . Montreal went 5-2-2 , and Condon had a .904 save percentage and 2.39 goals-against average , including a 4-0-1 record with a .937 save percentage and 1.60 GAA in their first five starts .
They allowed 13 goals in their last four starts and went 1-2-1 with a .857 save percentage and 3.47 GAA .
`` Have a short memory , focus on the things that matter , '' Condon said of what they learned . `` It does n't matter about the game you played before , it just matters about being in the moment . Whether it 's a bad goal or a nice save , you 've got to move on to the next one because there are a lot of games to be played . ''
Good news everyone ! The location and dates for the public edition of “ Advanced Tool Development with SMT Solvers ” have been settled and are as follows :
New York , August 15th-17th
London , August , 22nd-24th
The full details , including pricing can be found here , while the syllabus is here . I 've been teaching this class since early 2013 to private groups so I 'm quite looking forward to a public edition . If you 're interested in bug finding , RE , exploit dev or more general automated program analysis , and want an exercise-driven introduction to SMT-based analyses , then send an email to contact @ vertex.re to reserve your place now . There 's an early-bird discount available until April 29th ( UPDATE : deadline extended until May 13th ! ) , and further discounts available for groups , so drop me an email for a quote !
Now , for the other part of this post : there will be a seat at each training * up for grabs for full-time students * * who are not otherwise employed . I considered a few different options for ‘ challenges ' but , realistically , I would much rather see what fun things people have come up with on their own , than go over responses to a contrived challenge I have come up with . So , we 're going to go with something simple ( and hassle-free for everyone involved ! ) : published something awesome in the past 6 months ? Great ! Send an email with a link to contact @ vertex.re and whomever makes me go “ Well that 's f * * king awesome ! ” with the greatest degree of enthusiasm wins . Simple .
Ideally , your entry will have something to do with program analysis , bug finding , exploit dev , RE and such things , but use your imagination here . GitHub repos , blog posts , bug reports , exploits , academic papers , CTF write-ups , and so on , are all fair game .
To enter , send the following to contact @ vertex.re :
A link to a write-up , paper or code , which has been published in the past 6 months
Your name
The university/college at which you are enrolled , and the title of the programme * * *
Which location ( NYC or London ) you can make it to
The contest will run until April 29th ( UPDATE : deadline extended until May 13th ) and I 'll notify the winners shortly thereafter .
* Just so it 's clear : students will still be responsible for their own travel , accommodation and all other costs except for the cost of the training .
* * In order to take the most from the course you will still need to meet the minimum requirements set out in the syllabus . In short : you 'll need a solid grasp of Python , and be comfortable reading plenty of x86 assembly .
* * * If you win we 'll also need some proof that you are in fact enrolled in this programme full-time .
GETTY Anti-Islamisation groups across Europe have joined forces pledging to defend Western Civilisation
The British branch of the far-right PEGIDA movement will join colleagues from across the continent as part of the Fortress Europe coalition , which says it will `` never surrender to our enemies '' amid concerns about mass Muslim migration . The new alliance brings together tens of thousands of campaigners from across Europe and has been announced in response to the escalating migrant crisis and alleged refugee sex attacks in Germany and Sweden . It will feature veteran activists from all corners of Europe including Tommy Robinson - the former leader of the English Defence League ( EDL ) who is now fronting PEGIDA UK .
GETTY Former EDL leader Tommy Robinson is fronting PEGIDA UK
The groups met near Prague last week to thrash out a common mission statement with eight bullet points in which the campaigners pledge to `` risk our lives '' to oppose `` political Islam , extreme Islamic regimes and their European collaborators '' . The movement is being spearheaded by campaigners from Germany , where PEGIDA was founded , and which has taken in more than one million refugees and migrants flooding into Europe from the Middle East , Asia and North Africa . Criticism of Angela Merkel 's open door migration policy has been growing amid fury over the Cologne refugee sex attacks and subsequent cover-up attempts by authorities . Speaking at the conference in the Czech capital , leading PEGIDA activist Tatijana Festerling raged : `` Merkel is growing a massive surplus of men in Germany .
GETTY Angela Merkel 's open-door immigration policy has sparked fury amongst some members of the far-right
`` The goal of the network is international understanding . For only by the profound solidarity among peoples will it be possible for us to cooperatively ward off the population replacement and the Islamisation of Europe that goes with it . Submission is out of the question . ''
Merkel is growing a massive surplus of men in Germany Tatijana Festerling , PEGIDA activist
Marek Cernoch , the chairperson of the Czech party Usvit , which hosted the meeting in the town of Roztoky just outside Prague , added that the new coalition will campaign for tougher immigration rules to stop a repeat of the Cologne rapes . They said : `` We will demand the strictest measures against migrants ; we want to defend our women and children , all Europeans from them . '' Mr Cernoch also criticised EU lawmakers and the media for the way they handled the issue of migrant sex attacks .
GETTY PEGIDA has carried out a number of demonstrations since the Cologne attacks at New Year
There is an excellent set of free , open source video software available on the Linux platform which is both fully featured and mature . Become a digital video editing master , turn your Linux machine into a Home Theatre box are two options that are explored in this article .
We previously published an article on excellent open source video tools in 2008 . Some of the tools featured in that article have ceased development . There were often developed by one or a few developers . They ceased working on the projects , in part because better alternatives sprung forward . Given the length of time that has elapsed , we thought it best to update the article .
There is one application that deserves a separate mention . It 's called Lightworks , an awesome professional non-linear editing system . It is very mature , and has multi-platform support . But it has no source code , and is released under a freemium license . But it 's still anticipated that the source code will be released soon .
Now , let 's explore the 42 video applications at hand . For each title we have compiled its own portal page , providing a screenshot of the software in action , a full description with an in-depth analysis of its features , together with links to relevant resources and reviews .
Video Software VLC Portable multimedia player for various audio and video formats GNOME Videos Official movie player of the GNOME desktop environment SMPlayer Qt based MPlayer front-end mpv Based on MPlayer and mplayer2 MPlayer Extremely powerful movie player bomi Powerful and easy-to-use open source multimedia player Miro A platform for Internet television and video Kaffeine Full featured media player for KDE Kodi Award-winning digital media hub and HTPC MythTV Provides a Home Theatre convergence box Kdenlive Non-linear video editor for KDE OpenShot Non-linear editor for GNOME , built with Python , GTK , and the MLT Framework Cinelerra 3 main functions : capturing , compositing , and editing audio/video LiVES Video Editing System designed to be simple to use , yet powerful PiTiVi Non-linear audio/video editor using GStreamer Open Movie Editor Non-linear video editor designed for basic movie making capabilities Avidemux Video editor designed for simple cutting , filtering and encoding tasks Shotcut Powerful cross-platform video editor Flowblade Multitrack non-linear video editor Veejay Visual instrument and realtime video sampler Blender 3D content creation suite Natron Node-based compositing tool HandBrake Multithreaded DVD to MPEG-4 converter dvd : :rip Perl front end for transcode OGMRip Application and a set of libraries for ripping and encoding DVDs avconv Part of libav-tools ; fork of FFmpeg Mencoder Simple movie encoder , designed to encode MPlayer-playable movies FFmpeg Real time audio/video encoder/converter , streaming server transcode Console based tools for transcoding video and audio files DeVeDeNG Create video DVDs , suitables for home players , from any number of video files DVDStyler Cross-platform DVD authoring application Q DVD-Author GUI frontend for dvdauthor and related tools GCStar Manages personal collections Data Crow Cataloger/media manager Tellico KDE application for organizing your collections dvgrab Receives audio and video data from a digital camcorder via an IEEE1394 Kazam Well designed and easy to use interface screencasting tool vokoscreen Screencast creator MKVToolNix Tools for the Matroska media container format SMTube Search , play and download YouTube videos Cheese Use your webcam to take photos and videos OBS Open Broadcaster Software
Return to our complete collection of Group Tests , identifying the finest free and open source Linux software .
Image copyright AFP
US safety regulators have announced a formal recall of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 after reports of fires caused by faulty batteries .
The South Korean tech giant had already launched a voluntary recall after user complaints about 'exploding ' phones .
According to Samsung , the problem affects 2.5 million devices globally , including 1 million in the US .
The recall comes at a crucial time as rival Apple has just released its new iPhone 7 flagship model .
`` Because this product presents such a serious fire hazard , I am urging all consumers ... to take advantage of this recall right away , '' Elliot Kaye , chairperson of the US Consumer Product Safety Commission said .
Mr Kaye said Samsung should not have tried to do the recall by itself , saying : `` Anybody who thinks that a company going out on its own is going to provide the best recall for that company , and more importantly for the consumer , needs to have more than their phone checked , ''
So far , Samsung has received 92 reports of the batteries overheating in the US , including 26 reports of burns and 55 of property damage , according to the commission 's website .
The company said it would speed up its recall , with Tim Baxter , president of Samsung Electronics America saying that `` consumer safety is always our highest priority . ''
What makes lithium batteries catch fire ?
Image copyright Ariel Gonzalez Image caption This Galaxy Note 7 reportedly caught fire shortly after its charger was unplugged
Flight warnings
Samsung has come under fire for its response to reports of battery problems over the past weeks .
On 2 September the firm said it would stop selling the phones and offered to replace the ones already sold .
The company last week advised people to stop using the device .
Samsung also said it would limit the batteries of the Note 7 to 60 % of their capacity via a software update .
The US Department of Transportation meanwhile has ordered airline passengers not to bring the phones on planes unless they keep them turned off and do n't charge them during the flight .
Passengers were even advised against packing the phones into any checked-in luggage .
A number of airlines around the globe have also banned the phone from being used or charged on their planes .
The phone was launched on 19 August and had been generally well-received by critics and consumers .
The Galaxy Note 7 model is the latest of Samsung 's series of so-called phablets - smartphones with very large screens .
Google 's Play Store has now served more than 15 billion downloads . The folks in Mountain View filled TechCrunch in on the milestone yesterday , though it appears Google actually crossed the number `` weeks ago '' without much fanfare . The store hit 10 billion downloads back in December — when Play still carried its original Android Market branding — and Google indicated they were seeing downloads increase by a billion each month . Based on that pattern , the 15 billion thresholds was surpassed slightly ahead of schedule .
Android 's ecosystem is clearly expanding at a healthy clip , but that 's not to say there 's no room for improvement . Apple 's iOS App Store ( which launched several months before Google 's offering ) reached 15 billion downloads in July of last year , and celebrated breaking the 25 billion barriers back in March . Microsoft , currently in the midst of `` cleaning up '' its Windows Phone Marketplace , has refrained from discussing overall app downloads — surely dwarfed by the competition — opting instead to highlight a growing catalog and rapid international expansion .
A video still shows pro-Israel organizer Elliott Miller , right , shoving two people during Thursday night incident at University College London .
Video has emerged showing supporters of Israel being violent , aggressive and abusive during student protests against a speech by a former Israeli army officer at University College London ( UCL ) on Thursday evening .
At the start of one video , filmed by student journalists and published on The Independent newspaper 's website , pro-Israel organizer Elliot Miller can clearly be seen shoving another man into a peaceful pro-Palestinian demonstrator , whose arm is then grabbed by a security guard .
Miller works as a national organizer for Student Rights , a project of the neoconservative Henry Jackson Society think tank .
Student Rights published its own report on the event claiming that supporters of Israel had been “ surrounded by assaults and racist chants ” and had to be “ escorted by the Metropolitan Police for our very physical safety . ”
Miller themselves claims protesters were “ aggressive and violent. ” A number of media outlets , including The Daily Telegraph and Jewish News , echoed this characterization and reported that police have received at least one allegation of assault .
Aggressive
But Miller 's portrayal of events may not be accurate . ( It would not be the first time : the BBC previously upheld a complaint of inaccuracy about a story fed to it by Student Rights , which has a record of smearing Palestine solidarity activism ) .
There is no evidence of violence from pro-Palestinian demonstrators . In contrast , another video also documents aggression against Palestine solidarity activists :
In the footage , two young men can be seen lying down in protest inside the room where former Israeli army officer Hen Mazzig was due to speak .
A woman orders the pair to “ stand up , ” calling them “ cowards. ” They can then be seen stamping near one of the men 's heads before making a grab for their neck .
The woman appears to be Sharon Klaff , a founder of the Israel advocacy group Campaign4Truth .
Until September , Mazzig worked for the Israeli-government funded anti-Palestinian group StandWithUs . On twitter they described the protestors on as an “ angry Arab mob . ”
A UCL student involved in the protest told The Electronic Intifada : “ The pro-Israel protesters were throwing all kinds of racial slurs at us , telling us to ‘ go back to Syria ' and ‘ go back to Gaza . ' ”
“ Although the media are slating us as ‘ violent , ' our protest was peaceful , ” the student said . “ If you look at the footage you can see who actually instigated violence . ”
They categorically denied media claims that anyone was “ trapped ” and stated that “ UCL students overwhelmingly protested the event while most of those supporting Israel were not students . ”
In a third video posted on Facebook by Sussex Friends of Israel , Zionist activist Simon Cobbs can be heard being abusive to students , calling one a “ fascist ” and telling another , “ you heard your führer . ”
In other videos Palestinian solidarity protesters are called “ scum ” and “ vermin . ”
Further footage emerged showing students chanting “ free , free Palestine ” and a supporter of Israel repeatedly responding “ from Arabs . ”
Anti-Muslim outburst
Miller formerly studied at UCL and , according to their LinkedIn page , previously worked for the Israeli foreign ministry .
They have also done stints with the UK Conservative Party and the Republican Jewish Coalition in the United States .
Another video appears to show them shouting at a person of color wearing a Palestine T-shirt and peacefully protesting : “ the Home Office should follow you up ! You 're at risk of radicalization ! ” In another version of that film another Israel supporter can be heard telling students “ get out of our country . ”
On Saturday , Middle East Monitor published this video showing Miller in an anti-Muslim outburst :
Miller can be seen shouting in the faces of protestors , “ You treat them like shit . You do n't respect women . You do n't respect gays … It 's a violent religion . It 's a violent religion . ”
The event was organized by the Friends of Israel society at UCL which is “ supported ” by CAMERA on Campus , a branch of the Israel advocacy group CAMERA .
After the event , the Board of Deputies of British Jews issued a call for UCL to express “ abhorrence ” at the demonstration and for protesters to face “ disciplinary action . ”
The Board of Deputies alleged that there had been “ aggressive and intimidating ” protests , by “ a hate-filled mob supporting the worst kind of extremism , ” but unlike Miller 's group Student Rights , it did not use the word “ violence . ”
The Board of Deputies vowed to raise the issue with the UK government .
A statement issued by some of the protesters said : “ Yesterday evening , 70 students gathered on UCL campus in nonviolent protest of an event organized by the UCLU Friends of Israel society to host former Israeli soldier Hen Mazzig . This was a peaceful protest . Everything was documented and there is no evidence of any violence . ”
Although UCL Friends of Palestine society did not organize the protest , it separately issued a statement pointing out that Mazzig worked for COGAT , the Israeli army body that controls the lives of millions of Palestinians under military occupation in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
COGAT is responsible for “ grave violations of international law ” including coordinating “ demolition of Palestinian homes , forced displacement [ and ] restrictions of movement , ” Friends of Palestine said , adding that “ it is reasonable for students to protest an event at which these crimes are whitewashed and defended . ”
“ We support the protest which took place for these reasons . We also believe that all groups reserve the right to free expression as long as they abide by the UCL code of practice on freedom of speech and remain within the law , ” the group added . “ UCL security and police , confirmed that the protest ended safely , and there are hours of footage live from the protest suggesting that it was peaceful . ”
This article has been updated with new information since initial publication .
Editor 's note : A video ( by student outlet Pi Media ) of Miller shouting at protesters “ the Home Office should follow you up ” incorrectly subtitles the line as “ lock you up. ” This has now been corrected in this article .
Felix had an easier time making it to the gym five times a week than the average person , but that was probably because they worked there . It was n't the ideal job , but it paid well enough for the summer between first and second year of university .
Each day Felix arrived to the familiar scent of sweat and chlorine ; the faint smell had permeated throughout the gym , even into the office sections . Most days , when punching in , Felix 's boss ( who we 'll call `` Ross '' ) would stop them and bounce off their latest and greatest idea for the gym .
`` What if , '' they said with a dramatic pause , arms outstretched , `` you did n't have to punch in your ID number when you came in ? '' Felix recalled the touchpad near the door . `` But wait , before you say that 's impossible , I have one word for you ... biometrics ! ''
Ross continued to describe their dream system . `` All you have to do is scan your finger and you 're in . No more forgetting your ID number and having the receptionist look it up , no more having to carry your wallet in with you for card scans if you just want to go for a swim . Just imagine ! '' Their excitement and ambition were childlike , though that 's not to say they were naive . Ross would be running the gym of the future .
But the high-tech sign in was n't all the system would do ; it would run the `` store '' too . The store was part of the reception area , and was basically a cooler with protein drinks , sports drinks , energy bars , and the like . If members had sufficient prepaid credit , they could simply grab a protein drink , scan their finger , and then pinch their nose and try to down the shake quickly without throwing up protein vomit on the receptionist .
`` But the best part is , '' Ross continued with a toothy smile , `` ... we 're rolling it out this week . ''
Day One
A few days later , Ross stood proudly in the reception area , hands on their hips . A high-tech fingerprint scanner sat at the reception area near the turnstile and register , as the same scanner would be used for each , though the register system was n't quite ready for rollout yet . Another scanner sat on the opposite side of the turnstile , for gym members to sign out . The touchscreen was still available , but moved further away so that members would get accustomed to the new system . The receptionist looked almost as pleased as Ross that morning as well , excited that this meant they were working toward a system that necessitated less manual member ID lookups .
The first member of the day showed up , walked to the spot where the sign-in touchscreen usually was , and eyed the fingerprint scanner dubiously . `` Hi , we 'll have to take your prints , '' the receptionist greeted . `` We 've got a new better system . '' The man was initially skeptical , but agreed to get their index finger scanned and associated with their old member ID after learning that it was an internal system and the prints would n't be shared with the CIA , FBI , or UNATCO .
After signing a few people up , the new system was going swimmingly . Some users declined to use the new system , instead walking to the far side of the counter to use the old touchscreen system . Then Johnny tried to leave after theirs workout .
A One-Way Turnstile
Johnny was what you might call a `` gym rat . '' In incredible shape from almost-daily gym visits , a tight Lycra tank top , iPod strapped to their sizable bicep , underneath which was a large black tribal tattoo . They scanned their finger on their way out , but the turnstile would n't budge .
`` Uh , just a second , '' the receptionist furiously typed and clicked , while Johnny removed one of their earbuds out and stared . `` I 'll just have to manually override it ... '' but it was useless . There was no manual override option . Somehow , it was never considered that the scanner would malfunction . After several seconds of searching and having Johnny try to scan their finger again , the receptionist instructed them just to jump over the turnstile .
It was later discovered that the system required a `` sign in '' and a `` sign out , '' and if a member was recognized as someone else when attempting to sign out , the system rejected the input , and the turnstile remained locked in position . This was not good .
The scene repeated itself several times that day . Worse , the fingerprint scanner at the exit was getting kind of disgusting . Dozens of sweaty fingerprints required the scanner to be cleaned hourly , and even after it was freshly cleaned , it sometimes still could n't read fingerprints right . The latticed patterns on the barbell grips would leave indented patterns temporarily on the members ' fingers , there could be small cuts or folds on fingertips just from carrying weights or scrapes on the concrete coming out of the pool , fingers were wrinkly after a long swim , or sometimes the system just misidentified the person for no apparent reason .
Fingerprint Scanning
In much the same way that it 's not a good idea to store passwords in plaintext , it 's not a good idea to store raw fingerprint data . Instead , it should be hashed , so that the same input will consistently give the same output , but said output ca n't be used to determine what the input was . In biometry , there are many complex algorithms that can analyze a fingerprint via several points on the finger . This system was set up to record seven points .
After a few hours of rollout , though , it became clear that the real world does n't conform to how it should 've worked in theory . There were simply too many variables , too many activities in the gym that could cause fingerprints to become altered . As such , the installers did what they thought was the reasonable thing to do – reduce the precision from seven points down to something substantially lower .
The updated system was in place for a few days , and it seemed to be working better ; no more people being held up trying to leave .
Discovery
Felix was n't just an employee ; the gym was also where he 'd work out . They arrived with a friend ( `` Ray '' ) one evening after work , around 8:30 . Curious , the receptionist pulled up the activity log . `` Ray , were n't you already here at 6:00 today ? ''
`` No ... ''
`` Well that 's not what this says , '' they said , turning the monitor toward them . It showed Ray as coming in several times that week , often twice on the same day , just hours apart . For each day listed , Ray had only come the later of the two times .
Reducing the precision of the fingerprint scanning resulted in the system identifying two people as one person . Reviewing the log , they saw that some regulars were n't showing up in the system , and many members had two or three people being identified by the scanner as them .
Hopes Dashed
Ross lost their childlike ambition in lieu of adultlike rage . Despite all of the time and energy he 'd sink into this system , they swore that he 'd personally tear out the scanners if the technicians could n't get the system working properly . And the very following day , mysteriously , there were no fingerprint scanners to be found in the gym ; simply the familiar smell of sweat and chlorine and a turnstile that no longer required a `` sign out '' for members to leave .
Of course , we 're all fortunate that this occurred in an environment where security breaches are of little concern . Can you imagine something similar happening in a very high security environment , like say , a prison ? Oh , wait .
We speak differently to the various people in our lives . Some conversations go deep , like ones with good friends that keep you up until 4 a.m . Some wade in the shallows of “ this heat we 're having , ” like with a stranger on the street . Some swim in one part of the conversational sea , taking care to avoid the others , like when your parents want to know about your exam grades — or love life .
We 're connected to ( literally ) an entire world of people on the internet , an entirely new — yet not all that different — experience . Instead of having every online service expect us to socialize as our one “ true ” identity , it should be easy to have a distinct , private identity for each online situation . Your conversations with friends should be private enough that your family or boss does n't see them . Your published thoughts should only be seen by who you want . You should be able to speak your mind .
That 's what we believe , and that 's why creating multiple blogs on Write.as is so easy . Each blog is a lightweight identity , independent and never linked to the others . You can also move posts freely between blogs , or turn them into anonymous articles . And as we add more community features , you 'll be able to fully interact as each one of your blog identities .
So to make this even more useful , today we 're bumping up the blog limit for Pro users to 10 blogs , with more to come as we hear about people hitting that limit ( let us know how many you need if you do ) . Enjoy !
Update August 1 : Do n't need 10 blogs ? We 've launched a smaller plan , too .
It 's not easy being a Detroit Lions fan .
Unless you were around during the Dwight Eisenhower administration , you have no life connection to a Lions team that could call itself a world champion . The Lions are 0-for-48 in Super Bowl tries and have struggled to simply crack the playoffs in the current century , with just a single one-and-done showing in 2011 over the past 14 years .
New Lions safety James Ihedigbo believes the current Lions have what it takes to snap one of the NFL 's nastiest cold streaks .
`` It 's one of those things , you can feel it , '' Ihedigbo said , according to mlive.com . `` With this team , I can feel the makings of a championship-DNA team . Are we willing to sacrifice ? That 's the question , and I know we are . There are guys in this locker room that are willing to pay the price , whatever it is , to put the work in to be a champion . Yeah , we definitely have that championship DNA . ''
Ihedigbo knows what it takes to be a Super Bowl champ . They appeared in all 20 games of the Baltimore Ravens ' run to the Super Bowl XLVII title in 2013 .
The Lions underwent substantial change following a 7-9 season . The coaching staff was replaced . Ihedigbo , wide receiver Golden Tate and first-round pick Eric Ebron were among those added to the mix .
`` It 's one of those things you ca n't really explain it , you ca n't really talk about it because people just wo n't understand it , '' Ihedigbo said of the culture change that makes a champion . `` You just have to watch and see , and when it unfolds , it 's going to be a special season . ''
Lions fans have gotten their hopes up before . Perhaps Ihedigbo knows something the rest of us do n't . Check back in a few months .
The latest `` Around The League Podcast '' ranked the best ( and worst ) quarterbacks in the NFL today .
For the first time , a Canadian mining company will appear in a Canadian court for actions committed overseas . Hudbay Minerals , Inc , will be standing trial for murder , rapes and attacks committed against Indigenous Guatemalans by security personnel working for Hudbay 's subsidiary , Compañía Guatemalteca de Níquel ( CGN ) .
Source : The Dominion
For the first time , a Canadian mining company will appear in a Canadian court for actions committed overseas . Hudbay Minerals , Inc , will be standing trial for murder , rapes and attacks committed against Indigenous Guatemalans by security personnel working for Hudbay 's subsidiary , Compañía Guatemalteca de Níquel ( CGN ) . The court case is proceeding thanks to a precedent-setting decision from the Ontario Superior Court of Justice , which ruled this past July in favour of the Mayan Q'eqchi ' people of Lote Ocho , near El Estor , Guatemala .
“ It is a massive victory for our clients and for human rights , ” Cory Wanless , an attorney with the Toronto-based Klippensteins law firm , told The Dominion . “ Before this decision , no claim brought by individuals that had been harmed by Canadian mining abroad had ever gotten into Canadian courts at all . They did n't even have the ability to forward their claims . ”
Wanless represents the Q'eqchi ' plaintiffs in a lawsuit accusing the company of negligence in its ground management of the Fenix open-pit nickel mine project . They allege that security personnel—under the control of Hudbay—gang-raped 11 women , shot dead an Indigenous leader and outspoken critic of mining practices and left another man paralyzed from the chest down after sustaining a gunshot wound .
Grahame Russell of Rights Action , a Canadian organization working mainly with Indigenous communities in Central America , has been doing solidarity work with the Q'eqchi ' people for almost 10 years and has worked closely on the case . “ Two major pre-trial issues were fought over . One was jurisdiction , and one [ was ] whether Hudbay could be held accountable—directly or via its subsidiary CGN—over what happened in Guatemala , ” Russell told The Dominion .
“ We won on both counts . First , the company accepted that Canada can be the appropriate jurisdiction . Second , the judge decided in our favour , saying that it is appropriate to try to hold Hudbay accountable [ for their negligence ] in Guatemala . ”
Russell explained that the conflict is rooted in unresolved tensions around what can be referred to in Canada as “ prior land claims. ” The events in question occurred between 2007 and 2009 in the context of a land dispute between the Q'eqchi ' people and the mining company .
“ The specific context of the attack , rape [ s ] and murder is related to the mining company wanting to get the Q'eqchi ' people off their land so they can get the mineral resources under the ground , ” Russell said . “ There have been waves of repression in this region related to Canadian mining companies going back to the 1970s and early 1980s . This is an old story that is replaying itself out all over again . ”
Rachel Small is an environmental justice activist working with communities impacted by Canadian extractive industry . “ The abuses carried out by Canadian mining companies in Central America are part of a long and violent history of colonization , which continues today , ” they told The Dominion .
Small , who visited the Q'eqchi ' community of Lote Ocho in 2010 , said the Hudbay case is a classic example of environmental injustice . “ Resources are being extracted for the benefit of Canadians—and primarily Canadian stockholders—at the expense of primarily Indigenous communities in Guatemala . It 's a blatant example of one of the ways that colonization plays out today and the costs are unimaginably huge for the communities who are being exploited . ”
The Superior Court of Ontario 's decision , written by Judge Carole Brown , concluded that there was enough initial evidence to allow the actions to proceed to trial . Judge Brown emphasized that Hudbay is headquartered in Toronto , is incorporated under Canadian laws and was fully in control of its subsidiary . Hudbay has decided not to appeal the ruling .
The court decision argued that “ the pleadings disclose a sufficient basis to suggest that a relationship of proximity between the [ Q'eqchi ' ] plaintiffs and the defendants [ Hudbay and CGN ] exists , such that it would not be unjust or unfair to impose a duty of care on the defendants. ” The decision also listed a number of factors that might , at trial , prove the proximity between Hudbay and its subsidiary .
This problem of proximity is one that has sunk many attempts to hold Canadian companies accountable in Canadian courts for human-rights abuses committed in other countries . Most mining companies have a complex corporate structure with a head office in one country , smaller offices in others and operations in the Global South . In courts , they have repeatedly been able to draw a line between the legal responsibility of a parent company that controls management and the subsidiary that controls daily operations on the ground .
In November 2012 , a group of Congolese people exhausted all legal options with a final failed attempt to drag Anvil Mining in front Canadian courts for its involvement in a massacre of civilians in the Democratic Republic of Congo . The company admitted to a United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( MONUC ) that it had provided transportation , food and lodging to the Congolese soldiers who committed the massacre . Yet the Quebec Court of Appeal ruled that there was no sufficient link between the company 's Quebec office and the events that led to the killings , and that Quebec 's courts therefore had no jurisdiction over the matter . At the time of the events , Anvil 's headquarters were in Australia .
Wanless said that Hudbay 's corporate ties to Canadian law might explain why the case was allowed to go through while the Anvil case never made it to court . “ The question in [ the case of ] Hudbay is different because there was no question that Ontario did have jurisdiction over Hudbay . It was an Ontario company through and through . ”
Since the July 22 , 2013 , decision , Rights Action has reported that some Mayan Q'eqchi ' women have received threats pressuring them to withdraw the lawsuits . “ This is a new wave of intimidation , ” said Russell , who speaks with members of the community on a weekly basis . “ In the past , it has targeted Angelica Choc—the wife of Adolfo Ich , [ the man ] who was shot and killed . Now , it is targeting the women , trying to turn some women against the other women . ”
When asked to comment on the threats , both Small and Wanless said they are an unsettling development , but one that is not surprising . Small highlighted how geographical isolation could add to the community 's vulnerability .
“ The fastest way to reach Lote Ocho requires an uphill drive in a Jeep or all-terrain vehicle , followed by an over-two-hour trek up the side of a densely forested mountain , ” they explained . “ The limited access to communication with family , friends and allies in other places certainly impacted Lote Ocho 's ability to respond to threats and attacks . ”
Though the pre-trial decision has been hailed as a victory , the trial to follow could still take years . “ [ The decision ] is absolutely a breakthrough , but this wo n't all of a sudden bring proper and full accountability , ” said Russell . “ It was a step that had be fought for and won , but there is still a hugely long way to go . ”
Small said the injustices committed in other countries implicate Canada 's whole political and economic system . “ Canadian government actively supports the [ mining ] industry , both financially—such as through pension plan investments—and politically. ” They listed a host of political players , including Canadian embassies and Canada 's Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade , who negotiate international trade deals and partnerships with mining companies operating in the Global South .
For Small , this means that the problems faced by the Q'eqchi ' wo n't be solved in one courtroom . “ We 're looking at complex systems…that serve to concentrate power and resources in the hands of a small few , especially at the expense of Indigenous peoples . It 's going to be a long struggle to reverse these patterns , and one that needs to play out on more than one continent and in a multitude of settings . ”
Wanless was cautiously optimistic about the court 's decision . “ This case is the first of this kind but I think that claims like this are going to be much more common , ” they said . “ It is no longer possible for Canadian courts to deny that this is a Canadian problem that deserves a Canadian solution . ”
Arij Riahi is a legally trained writer based in Montreal . Arij tweets as @ arijactually .
If nothing else , Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich can take credit for asking the American electorate to re-examine the definition of capitalism . Their defeat of rival Mitt Romney in South Carolina 's Republican primary is chapter one in this lesson .
American enterprise is about the installation of the competitive spirit and using that drive to become better . Just whether Romney embodies that attitude is a fair question for voters .
What we know so far is that the Wall Street Journal looked at 77 of Bain Capital 's takeovers from 1984 to 1999 , when the former Massachusetts Governor ran the private capital firm . It says that 17 of them went bust eight years after they were bought .
Companies like Staples and Sports Authority flourished . But others such as Worldwide Grinding Systems that later became GS Technologies went bankrupt and 750 workers lost jobs . News reports say that Bain used borrowed money to pay $ 36 million in dividends , allowing the guys at the top to get rich while the little guy , well , got stiffed .
Certainly , corporations do n't exist to benefit the insiders -- the infamous Enron business model . No one disagrees there . But the old adage that they live to maximize shareholder values is evolving . The modern interpretation is broader -- that they are also in business to improve their communities and constituencies .
“ Managers have a responsibility to manage for the long term interest of the corporation , '' says Paula Alexander , professor of ethics at Seton Hall University , in a previous talk with this writer . “ Sustainability is key . And so is managing for a firm 's stakeholders , not only its stockholders . ”
Economist Milton Friedman has argued that it is the social responsibility of corporations to increase profits thereby putting more people to work and paying more taxes to support programs that benefit the general public .
But business ethicists caution against a myopic pursuit toward earnings -- one that can blind corporate leaders . Enron , of course , will go down in the record books for this , all while preaching the gospel in public and ripping off “ Aunt Millie ” behind the scenes .
In Enron 's case , it tried to hide losses and boost quarterly revenues so that it could keep its stock value artificially high . Private equity firms do n't have such pressures but they may be too eager to flip entities before they have fully matured .
As such , the desire to maximize profits must be tempered by the needs of other prevailing interests , namely the well-being of vendors , suppliers and employees . If any constituency feels slighted , the house of cards could begin to wobble . And unless the structure is reinforced with values that build trust , it could all come crumbling down .
Just how results are measured is a subjective exercise . Studies abound , with varying conclusions . The bottom line is that private equity investors are both respected and loathed -- blamed for shedding workers but credited for building enduring businesses . Just what method of corporate leadership is best for America ?
The voters are now wrestling with this . But if enterprises become consumed with improving shareholder value without considering the effect that such decisions will have beyond the company 's four walls , their successes may be short-lived .
London 's famous Drury Lane where the chants were heard .
It 's one of the most tolerant , accepting places in Britain – packed with theatres and attracting tourists from around the world .
But just three days after the country voted to leave the European Union , Colin Appleby , a gay resident of London 's Covent Garden , heard something they are n't expecting .
A group was making its way up Drury Lane on Sunday night , singing at the top of their voices :
‘ Rule Britannia !
‘ Britannia rules the waves !
‘ First we 'll get the Poles out , then the gays ! '
Appleby told Gay Star News : ‘ I was in bed just drifting off to sleep when I heard them .
‘ There had been football chants all day long from the direction of the pubs so did n't really pay much attention until the words became clearer .
‘ This is Drury Lane in Covent Garden , London , it 's the home two theatres , a plethora of restaurants and bars and it is in liberal , tolerant London .
‘ To those who voted Leave but did n't have the balls to stand up and counter the racism underpinning that campaign , I say be careful what you wish for . '
While Britain voted 52 % for Leave , that figure fell to 40 % in London .
Since the vote , hate crime has risen by an incredible 57 % .
Even children have been victims . The BBC reported on 11-year-old Matteus from Poland who found a card suggesting their family were ‘ vermin ' who should ‘ go home ' .
Appleby has reported the hate incident to the Metropolitan Police and posted about it on Facebook .
More from Gay Star News
This is why a gay MP is calling for another referendum on Brexit
After Brexit and Trump : Austria , France , Italy and The Netherlands are swinging right
I can no longer be a proud , gay British man because of Brexit
Despite a company history of leading the industry in graphic fidelity , id Software 's upcoming Rage -- while still among the best-looking games out there -- intentionally prioritized framerate over graphics in development.According to the company 's legendary programmer John Carmack , that decision was a `` hard-fought battle '' internally . `` I made the conscious decision that the user is going to get more value out of running at a higher framerate than me making the pixels pretty , '' they told Gamasutra as part of a larger interview . `` I think I could have made the game look better at 30 hertz . We could have had some more design freedom , '' they admit , though they say the decision to focus on keeping the game at 60 frames per second will look better to just about everyone , including those who ca n't tell the difference between 60 and 30 . `` Most people get at least a subliminal feel about it , '' they say . `` It 's more responsive . It 's crisper . It 's smoother . `` But framerate perception has its limits . Carmack tells us they conducted a number of experiments to see if players responded to a doubling of framerate , having them play a demo in both 60FPS and 120FPS . `` Interestingly , almost nobody can tell the difference between 120 and 60 , '' they say , adding that this `` means that we 've got this benefit curve on here , and 60 is kind of right at the knee . `` This , in addition to technological advances like the iPhone 4 's nearly print-level resolution , is `` cool thing that in many ways , we are approaching sort of the biological limits of what betterness we can display , '' they say.More insight from one of the most fascinating figures in video game development is available in our full interview
Authorities will be able to force suspected Islamist extremists believed to pose a threat to the public to wear electronic ankle bracelets , the German cabinet agreed on Wednesday .
Previously , only convicted individuals could be required to wear the device used to monitor location and movements .
With the cabinet proposal , `` Gefährder , '' or people who pose a security threat , who have not been convicted can be forced to wear the device by order of the Federal Criminal Police Office ( BKA ) .
The change to the law was approved by the cabinet as part of a package of amendments to BKA law .
Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere and Justice Minister Heiko Maas had previously agreed to change the law in the wake of the December 19 terror attack on a Berlin Christmas market , which killed 12 people and wounded nearly 50 others .
The attacker , Anis Amri , was considered a potential threat to public safety and under surveillance until a few months before the attack when they fell off the radar .
They were ordered to be deported to their native Tunisia , but the deportation was postponed because Tunisia delayed providing their papers . Despite the deportation order , they were able to move around Germany .
The incident prompted sharp criticism of measures aimed at preventing terrorism . In response , the German government has put forward a host of measures to overcome apparent security gaps .
cw/kms ( AFP , dpa )
It is said that the three pillars of Puglia 's agriculture are wheat , wine and olives , and all three make their way into this simple but tasty Puglian snack . Flour , white wine and olive oil are mixed to make a simple dough , formed into rings and , much like bagels , briefly simmered and then baked until golden brown . If this does n't sound like much , wait until you try it !
At its simplest , the dough is seasoned just with a generous pinch or two or salt , but you can make taralli with various flavorings , the most common being fennel seeds or ( my personal favorite ) cracked black pepper .
Ingredients
Makes enough for a medium sized bowl
250g ( 1/2 lb ) flour , preferably of the “ OO ” variety
75 ml ( 1/4 cup ) olive oil
100 ml ( 3/8 cup ) white wine
Two generous pinches of salt
Optional , to taste :
Freshly , coarsely ground black pepper
Fennel seeds
Directions
Mix all the ingredients together in a bowl , including the optional ingredients if using , until you have a firm but pliable dough . Knead the dough for a good 15-20 minute if by hand . You can also use a standard mixer with the paddle attached and set to the lowest speed for 5-10 minutes . Let the kneaded dough rest , covered with a towel or plastic wrap , for at least 30 minutes .
After the rest , form the taralli by taking a walnut-sized piece of dough , rolling it out with the palm of your hand into a “ cord ” about 1 cm ( 1/3 inch ) thick and 3-4cm ( 2-3 inches ) long . Now connect the ends of the dough to form a ring , making sure that the two ends are pressed together . Personally , I like to wrap the cord around my index finger or thumb to ensure that the taralli come out even in size . ( This makes for a rather small tarallo but that 's fine ) . Continue until all the dough has been used up , laying the taralli on a baking sheet or other flat surface as you go .
Once you 've formed all your taralli , bring a pot of water to a simmer . Add the taralli—no more than 10-12 at a time depending on the size of your pot so as not to crowd them—and simmer them just until they rise to the surface of the water . Remove the taralli with a slotted spoon and let them drain for a few moments on a towel while you add the next batch of taralli .
Place the blanched taralli on a baking sheet ( no need to grease the sheet , as the dough itself has ample fat and should not stick ) . Place in a hot ( 200C/400F ) oven for about 30 minutes , until the taralli have turned a light golden brown . Check them after about 20 minutes ; if they are not as brown as you like them , raise the heat ( or turn on your convection function , if you have one ) .
Notes on taralli pugliesi
Besides black pepper and fennel seeds , other possible flavors include red pepper flakes , onion , rosemary , sesame seeds and poppy seeds . I have n't given exact measurements for these flavorings , but I like to be generous , using my eyes—make sure that the dough is speckled through and through , so that you get a bit of flavoring in each bite .
The fine ground “ OO ” flour you can buy online or in better stocked Italian delis is especially nice for this dish as it produces a tender , friable tarallo , but if you do n't have access to it , do n't fret . Good old all purpose flour will do fine ( as will , I suspect , pastry flour , but I have yet to experiment with it ) .
Do n't confuse these savory taralli with the sweet kind , taralli dolci , that in our family we used to call Nana 's cookies—also delicious but actually quite different in taste ( obviously ! ) and texture . In Campania they also make savory taralli that are quite different , too : the dough is enriched with lard instead of oil , the dough is twisted into a kind of braid before being formed into rings and , finally , the rings are then topped with peeled almonds before being baked [ without pre-boiling ] . In any event , that 's a recipe for a future post…
Print Yum Taralli pugliesi Total Time : 1 hour Yield : Enough for one medium bowl Ingredients 250g ( 1/2 lb ) flour , preferably of the `` OO '' variety
75 ml ( 1/4 cup ) olive oil
100 ml ( 3/8 cup ) white wine
Two generous pinches of salt
Optional , to taste :
Freshly , coarsely ground black pepper
Fennel seeds Directions Mix all the ingredients together in a bowl , including the optional ingredients if using , until you have a firm but pliable dough . Knead the dough for a good 15-20 minute if by hand . You can also use a standard mixer with the paddle attached and set to the lowest speed for 5-10 minutes . Let the kneaded dough rest , covered with a towel or plastic wrap , for at least 30 minutes . After the rest , form the taralli by taking a walnut-sized piece of dough , rolling it out with the palm of your hand into a `` cord '' about 1 cm ( 1/3 inch ) thick and 3-4cm ( 2-3 inches ) long . Now connect the ends of the dough to form a ring , making sure that the two ends are pressed together . Personally , I like to wrap the cord around my index finger or thumb to ensure that the taralli come out even in size . ( This makes for a rather small tarallo but that 's fine ) . Continue until all the dough has been used up , laying the taralli on a baking sheet or other flat surface as you go . Once you 've formed all your taralli , bring a pot of water to a simmer . Add the taralli—no more than 10-12 at a time depending on the size of your pot so as not to crowd them—and simmer them just until they rise to the surface of the water . Remove the taralli with a slotted spoon and let them drain for a few moments on a towel while you add the next batch of taralli . Place the blanched taralli on a baking sheet ( no need to grease the sheet , as the dough itself has ample fat and should not stick ) . Place in a hot ( 200C/400F ) oven for about 30 minutes , until the taralli have turned a light golden brown . Check them after about 20 minutes ; if they are not as brown as you like them , raise the heat ( or turn on your convection function , if you have one ) . Schema/Recipe SEO Data Markup by Yummly Rich Recipes 0.1 https : //memoriediangelina.com/2015/03/06/taralli-pugliesi/ ( c ) Frank Fariello
Enter your email address below and you 'll receive new posts in your inbox as soon as they 're published , at absolutely no charge . You 'll never miss another recipe ! Leave this field empty if you 're human :
SHOULD Geelong bring forward an announcement on the futures of its veterans so they can get a farewell game this weekend ? Addy Footy Fix scribes NICK WADE and MICHAEL AUCIELLO push their cases for and against — have your say in our poll below .
NICK WADE — YES
IF Geelong knows which veterans will be moved on at season 's end , they should be named and celebrated this weekend against Adelaide .
It would be a bleak end to the careers of these champions if their fate was revealed one afternoon in the coming weeks by a press release containing a few manufactured quotes .
With nothing but pride to play against the Crows , this weekend presents an unplanned opportunity for the Cats to honour the legacies of a number of premiership players whose time at the club is up .
media_camera Mathew Stokes should be recalled from the VFL .
If Mathew Stokes has been told their time is up , they need to be recalled from the VFL and given one last hurrah at AFL level .
If James Kelly is n't part of the plans for next year , that needs to become public so they can soak up their moment in the sun before parting ways with the club .
With Geelong 's finals chances dead , the Cats have an opportunity to be sentimental in the way it exits its premiership champions .
This opportunity was n't possible in the days when the club was playing deep into the finals for obvious reason .
“ We 'll announce it when we think the right time is , ” Geelong coach Chris Scott said .
Scott said the Cats ' large group of uncontracted players fell into three groups — some know they 're staying , some know they 're going and some know their fate is still undecided .
“ It 's going to be brutal . I feel so bad because I know it is difficult for them , ” Scott said .
“ I 've heard people say that you should not get too emotionally attached , and on some levels the head coach has to be a little bit removed , but I do n't mind saying publicly I love them . Some of them I played against , and I ca n't think of people in the game that I respect more . ”
With that being the case , there is no need to delay the inevitable if the club 's mind is already made up .
MICHAEL AUCIELLO — NO
THERE is no need for Geelong to hurry decisions on its veterans , particularly just for the sake of fans wanting to wave and say goodbye this weekend .
If you think it might be the last time you see Corey Enright , Steve Johnson or James Kelly on a footy field , then just go anyway . Cheer them off and say thank you .
No one in this recent era has announced their retirement before the end of the season .
That 's either because they were trying to win a premiership , or did n't necessarily want to retire .
Has it mattered ?
Part of the balancing act in the decisions of these players is what Geelong can get in during the trade and free agency periods .
Considering they are at least a month away , why should Geelong be expected to hurry any decisions on these players ?
What happens if , at the last minute , Patrick Dangerfield decides they do n't want to come to Geelong ; or a trade ca n't be struck for Lachie Henderson ?
That might be unlikely , but crazier things have happened .
Where would that leave Geelong , having already prematurely farewelled players it actually thinks could well play on for another season , and suddenly would actually have room for them ?
Many Cats fans bleated for a long time about the decision made on Paul Chapman . Imagine how much more outcry there would be if that had been a hurried decision .
The decision was made when the club could decide when the dust had settled on the season , and the landscape for what lay ahead was clearer .
The same should be done for these veterans this year .
They have been great servants , and as nice it would be for them to get the send-off they have earned , they deserve the respect of proper and patient decisions made on their futures .
STAY OR GO ?
JIMMY BARTEL : Will play on and potentially become the club 's fourth 300-game player .
COREY ENRIGHT : Sentimentally , it would be magic if they played on next year to become the club 's games record holder . Will be left to decide their future . But is more than likely playing their last game on Saturday .
ANDREW MACKIE : Set for another season . The Cats have said they are in their plans for 2016 .
STEVE JOHNSON : No formal decision but the gut feel is they will part ways . The Paul Chapman situation all over again . Definitely an argument for one more season playing as a deep forward . If not at the Cats , then somewhere else .
JAMES KELLY : Appears gone . Looked like a defeated man on Friday night , which was sad after an otherwise solid season despite regular injuries .
MATHEW STOKES : Gone . In and out of the side in the second half of the year . Hit career-best form in 2013 but has n't been the same since injuring their ankle last year .
TOM LONERGAN : Contracted and will play . No doubt here .
Indiana Michigan Power has asked state utility regulators to approve a nearly 20 percent rate hike for its Indiana customers .
The company 's request to the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission says the proposed 19.7 percent rate increase would be implemented in two phases between summer 2018 and early 2019 .
The rate hike would generate $ 263 million in new revenue for the utility . The Journal Gazette reports the company says the increase would amount to less than $ 1 per day for a customer who uses 1,000 kilowatt hours of electricity each month .
Indiana Michigan Power says the proposed rate increase would help it manage tree and vegetation that are the utility 's biggest cause of customer outages and help finance the installation of about 1,400 new utility poles and other systems .
___
Information from : The Journal Gazette , http : //www.journalgazette.net
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
7/27/2017 9:42:04 AM ( GMT -4:00 )
The fields had been freshly plowed . The furrows ran straight and deep . Yet , thousands of farmers across Andhra Pradesh ( AP ) and Karnataka waited to get a text message before they sowed the seeds . The SMS , which was delivered in Telugu and Kannada , their native languages , told them when to sow their groundnut crops .
In a few dozen villages in Telengana , Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh , farmers are receiving automated voice calls that tell them whether their cotton crops are at risk of a pest attack , based on weather conditions and crop stage . Meanwhile in Karnataka , the state government can get price forecasts for essential commodities such as tur ( split red gram ) three months in advance for planning for the Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) .
Welcome to digital agriculture , where technologies such as Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) , Cloud Machine Learning , Satellite Imagery and advanced analytics are empowering small-holder farmers to increase their income through higher crop yield and greater price control .
AI-based sowing advisories lead to 30 % higher yields
“ Sowing date as such is very critical to ensure that farmers harvest a good crop . And if it fails , it results in loss as a lot of costs are incurred for seeds , as well as the fertilizer applications , ” says Dr. Suhas P. Wani , Director , Asia Region , of the International Crop Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics ( ICRISAT ) , a non-profit , non-political organization that conducts agricultural research for development in Asia and sub-Saharan Africa with a wide array of partners throughout the world .
Microsoft in collaboration with ICRISAT , developed an AI Sowing App powered by Microsoft Cortana Intelligence Suite including Machine Learning and Power BI . The app sends sowing advisories to participating farmers on the optimal date to sow . The best part – the farmers do n't need to install any sensors in their fields or incur any capital expenditure . All they need is a feature phone capable of receiving text messages .
Flashback to June 2016 . While other farmers were busy sowing their crops in Devanakonda Mandal in Kurnool district in AP , G. Chinnavenkateswarlu , a farmer from Bairavanikunta village , decided to wait . Instead of sowing their groundnut crop during the first week of June , as traditional agricultural wisdom would have dictated , they chose to sow three weeks later , on June 25 , based on an advisory they received in a text message .
Chinnavenkateswarlu was part of a pilot program that ICRISAT and Microsoft were running for 175 farmers in the state . The program sent farmers text messages on sowing advisories , such as the sowing date , land preparation , soil test based fertilizer application , and so on .
For centuries , farmers like Chinnavenkateswarlu had been using age-old methods to predict the right sowing date . Mostly , they 'd choose to sow in early June to take advantage of the monsoon season , which typically lasted from June to August . But the changing weather patterns in the past decade have led to unpredictable monsoons , causing poor crop yields .
“ I have three acres of land and sowed groundnut based on the sowing recommendations provided . My crops were harvested on October 28 last year , and the yield was about 1.35 ton per hectare . Advisories provided for land preparation , sowing , and need-based plant protection proved to be very useful to me , ” says Chinnavenkateswarlu , who along with the 174 others achieved an average of 30 % higher yield per hectare last year .
“ Sowing date as such is very critical to ensure that farmers harvest a good crop . And if it fails , it results in loss as a lot of costs are incurred for seeds , as well as the fertilizer applications. ” – Dr. Suhas P. Wani , Director , Asia Region , ICRISAT
To calculate the crop-sowing period , historic climate data spanning over 30 years , from 1986 to 2015 for the Devanakonda area in Andhra Pradesh was analyzed using AI . To determine the optimal sowing period , the Moisture Adequacy Index ( MAI ) was calculated . MAI is the standardized measure used for assessing the degree of adequacy of rainfall and soil moisture to meet the potential water requirement of crops .
The real-time MAI is calculated from the daily rainfall recorded and reported by the Andhra Pradesh State Development Planning Society . The future MAI is calculated from weather forecasting models for the area provided by USA-based aWhere Inc . This data is then downscaled to build predictability , and guide farmers to pick the ideal sowing week , which in the pilot program was estimated to start from June 24 that year .
Ten sowing advisories were initiated and disseminated until the harvesting was completed . The advisories contained essential information including the optimal sowing date , soil test based fertilizer application , farmyard manure application , seed treatment , optimum sowing depth , and more . In tandem with the app , a personalized village advisory dashboard provided important insights into soil health , recommended fertilizer , and seven-day weather forecasts .
“ Farmers who sowed in the first week of June got meager yields due to a long dry spell in August ; while registered farmers who sowed in the last week of June and the first week of July and followed advisories got better yields and are out of loss , “ explains C Madhusudhana , President , Chaitanya Youth Association and Watershed Community Association of Devanakonda .
In 2017 , the program was expanded to touch more than 3,000 farmers across the states of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka during the Kharif crop cycle ( rainy season ) for a host of crops including groundnut , ragi , maize , rice and cotton , among others . The increase in yield ranged from 10 % to 30 % across crops .
Pest attack prediction enables farmers to plan
Microsoft is now taking AI in agriculture a step further . A collaboration with United Phosphorous ( UPL ) , India 's largest producer of agrochemicals , led to the creation of the Pest Risk Prediction API that again leverages AI and machine learning to indicate in advance the risk of pest attack . Common pest attacks , such as Jassids , Thrips , Whitefly , and Aphids can pose serious damage to crops and impact crop yield . To help farmers take preventive action , the Pest Risk Prediction App , providing guidance on the probability of pest attacks was initiated .
“ Our collaboration with Microsoft to create a Pest Risk Prediction API enables farmers to get predictive insights on the possibility of pest infestation . This empowers them to plan in advance , reducing crop loss due to pests and thereby helping them to double the farm income. ” – Vikram Shroff , Executive Director , UPL Limited
In the first phase , about 3,000 marginal farmers with less than five acres of land holding in 50 villages across in Telangana , Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh are receiving automated voice calls for their cotton crops . The calls indicate the risk of pest attacks based on weather conditions and crop stage in addition to the sowing advisories . The risk classification is High , Medium and Low , specific for each district in each state .
“ Our collaboration with Microsoft to create a Pest Risk Prediction API enables farmers to get predictive insights on the possibility of pest infestation . This empowers them to plan in advance , reducing crop loss due to pests and thereby helping them to double the farm income , ” says Vikram Shroff , Executive Director , UPL Limited .
Price forecasting model for policymakers
Predictive analysis in agriculture is not limited to crop growing alone . The government of Karnataka will start using price forecasting for agricultural commodities , in addition to sowing advisories for farmers in the state . Commodity prices for items such as tur , of which Karnataka is the second largest producer , will be predicted three months in advance for major markets in the state .
At present , price forecasting for agricultural commodities using historical data and short-term arrivals is being used by the state government to protect farmers from price crash or shield population from high inflation . However , such accurate data collection is expensive and can be subject to tampering .
“ We are certain that digital agriculture supported by advanced technology platforms will truly benefit farmers. ” – Dr. T.N . Prakash Kammardi , Chairman , KAPC , Government of Karnataka
Microsoft has developed a multivariate agricultural commodity price forecasting model to predict future commodity arrival and the corresponding prices . The model uses remote sensing data from geo-stationary satellite images to predict crop yields through every stage of farming .
This data along with other inputs such as historical sowing area , production , yield , weather , among other datasets , are used in an elastic-net framework to predict the timing of arrival of grains in the market as well as their quantum , which would determine their pricing .
“ We are certain that digital agriculture supported by advanced technology platforms will truly benefit farmers . We believe that Microsoft 's technology will support these innovative experiments which will help us transform the lives of the farmers in our state , ” says Dr. T.N . Prakash Kammardi , Chairman , Karnataka Agricultural Price Commission , Government of Karnataka .
The model currently being used to predict the prices of tur , is scalable , and time efficient and can be generalized to many other regions and crops .
AI in agriculture is just getting started
Shifting weather patterns such as increase in temperature , changes in precipitation levels , and ground water density , can affect farmers , especially those who are dependent on timely rains for their crops . Leveraging the cloud and AI to predict advisories for sowing , pest control and commodity pricing , is a major initiative towards creating increased income and providing stability for the agricultural community .
“ Indian agriculture has been traditionally rain dependent and climate change has made farmers extremely vulnerable to crop loss . Insights from AI through the agriculture life cycle will help reduce uncertainty and risk in agriculture operations . Use of AI in agriculture can potentially transform the lives of millions of farmers in India and world over , ” says Anil Bhansali , CVP C+E and Managing Director , Microsoft India ( R & D ) Pvt . Ltd .
Photos courtesy of ICRISAT
It is 10 years since 52 people died and hundreds were injured in London in a series of attacks on the capital 's tube and bus network . A decade on , are we any safer than we were then ?
The short answer ? Yes and no .
Since the London bombings there have been enormous improvements in the way the police , the security service , community leaders and the public all tackle the threat from international terrorism .
The authorities believe that it would be far harder , in 2015 , for terrorists to carry out a complex , co-ordinated bomb plot like 7/7 without being detected . But conversely , that threat has diversified into something far harder to detect and stop .
Listed below then is a simplified balance sheet , as it were , of the ways we in Britain are safer , or not , from a terrorist attack .
Improved detection
Image copyright PA Image caption Ministers have said the security services have foiled numerous planned attacks since 2005
MI5 , whose job it is to detect terrorist plots using covert intelligence , has roughly doubled in size to about 4,000 people over the past decade . These now come from a wide range of backgrounds , languages , religions and ethnicities , more representative of the urban populations from where threats tend to emanate .
Old rivalries with the Metropolitan Police have largely been set aside . The two organisations work in tandem and have set up a number of regional counter-terrorism units ( CTUs ) all over the country to give them a national picture of the threat .
MI5 also works more closely with the Secret Intelligence Service and GCHQ to use both human intelligence , for instance overseas-based spies , and intercepted communications to get ahead of plots at the earliest stages .
Conversely , this has led to accusations from some quarters of excessive surveillance , harassment and the erosion of civil liberties . Some security experts are highly critical of the government 's approach .
`` Despite the erosion of civil liberties , invasive security checks and greater state access to our personal information , we are seemingly further from defeating terrorism than ever , '' says Prof Lee Marsden , from the University of East Anglia .
Raffaello Pantucci , an expert on jihadism and author of the book , We Love Death as You Love Life , takes a different view of the track record of MI5 and the police in the light of 7/7 and the Woolwich murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby in 2013 .
`` We have had two successful attacks in 15 years which is a pretty good standard to be operating by , a pretty good success rate , '' they say .
`` On the other hand I think they are dealing with a very dynamic , evolving threat picture , that in some cases the security services have been slow to pick up on . ''
Read more - 7 July attacks
The Syria factor
Image copyright Uncredited Image caption Islamic State extremists are believed to be encouraging British jihadists to commit attacks on their return
Almost the entire UK government apparatus underestimated both the appeal and the threat now emanating from the Syria-based terror group that calls itself Islamic State ( IS ) .
Latest estimates put the number of foreign fighters flocking to join the group , or live under its control , in excess of 20,000 . That is more than the number who went to Afghanistan to train in al-Qaeda camps when the Taliban were in charge for five years .
Official estimates put the number of Britons who have gone to Syria to join IS at 700 , with around half that number returning to the UK . Real figures are probably higher .
Not all those who return need to be watched . Some come back disillusioned , some come back traumatised and need counselling .
But counter-terrorism officials believe there are concerted efforts by IS leaders in Syria to persuade Britons to carry out attacks in the UK , in some cases urging followers who have not even travelled to the Middle East .
The sheer numbers getting drawn to IS , for a whole range of reasons , means that the 'Syria factor ' places an enormous workload on those trying to head off the next plot .
`` Since 7/7 lots of different places have started to emerge as a source of a potential threat , '' says Aimen Deen , a former member of al-Qaeda who now works for a Middle East-based consultancy .
`` Be this in Yemen , be this in North Africa , be this in Somalia or more recently in Syria and Iraq , where we can see that there are different groups and networks that are trying to launch attacks . ''
Multiplication of ways of attack
Image copyright AFP Image caption So-called `` lone wolf '' attacks such as that seen in Tunisia are among those most feared by the authorities
Al-Qaeda 's primary modus operandi was big , co-ordinated , centrally planned attacks using synchronised suicide bombings . 9/11 , 7/7 , the Madrid and Bali bombings were all examples of this .
So too would have been the 2006 liquid bomb airline plot , if it had not been intercepted in time . That threat has not gone away .
There are still jihadist planners in Yemen , Syria and Pakistan who would like to execute just such a big , signature attack on a list of Western countries , of which Britain , the US , France and Denmark are at the top .
One of the most serious threats the UK has been rehearsing for , ever since the Mumbai siege of 2008 , is a `` marauding attack '' by heavily-armed gunmen targeting defenceless citizens in a crowded city centre .
Plots are harder to detect right now because they moved from being centralised plots , organised by cells overseas into plots that are basically carried out by lone wolves , who are recruited in isolation and who are not in touch with other cells Aimen Deen , Former jihadist
Powerful , automatic weapons are much harder to obtain in Britain than they are on the continent but that may not always be the case .
Most of today 's would-be jihadist attackers are interested in a much simpler , cruder approach , one with minimal communications that can be intercepted , with as small as possible a circle of people in the know .
MI5 are believed to have between 2,000-3,000 people `` on their radar '' , meaning people who are known to have extremist views or be in contact with extremists , but who have not necessarily committed a criminal offence .
Trying to second guess when someone 's extremist views are going to translate into action , like the killers of Lee Rigby in Woolwich , is an ongoing challenge for the police and spooks .
They point out that `` being on the radar '' is not the same as `` being under the microscope '' and that to watch all those people all the time would require a network of informants akin to the Stasi in the former East Germany .
`` Plots are harder to detect right now because they moved from being centralised plots , organised by cells overseas into plots that are basically carried out by lone wolves , who are recruited in isolation and who are not in touch with other cells , '' says Aimen Deen .
`` Therefore when they decide to take action it is difficult to detect them in advance so it became harder and harder for security agencies . ''
Encryption
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Deciphering encrypted messages can be a laborious process
Back in 2005 international terrorists communicated mainly by email or mobile phone .
Today the choice of methods at their disposal has ballooned , from easily encrypted messages to those hidden in online games . GCHQ has enormous and controversial powers to tap into communications but its operatives have to know what they are looking for .
Often , says one expert , it is not so much a case of looking for a needle in a haystack as looking for a certain type of needle in a haystack made up of needles .
Decrypting terrorist communications , once they are zeroed in on , is labour intensive as they can pass through dozens of stages of encryption using multiple nodes around the world .
Sometimes it can prove a false alert and sometimes the trail can reach a dead end , as plotters switch seamlessly to a different means of communication .
Threat level
Britain is currently at a national terror threat state of `` severe '' , the second highest in a ranking of five .
Officially this means a terrorist attack of some sort is thought `` highly likely '' , ranging from a single jihadist with a machete on the High Street to a 7/7-style attack .
This assessment is based on the intelligence being fed into a unit called JTAC , the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre , but it is far from complete .
MI5 and the police have stopped a very large number of plots since the 7/7 bombings but they also missed the 21/7 plot two weeks later - it failed because the bombs did not work - and the Woolwich attack of 2013 .
Although today Britain has an almost negligible military presence in Iraq and Afghanistan ( one of the main reasons given by jihadists for their targeting a decade ago ) , the threat has still multiplied and morphed .
How long will it last ?
`` Well it started a generation ago , '' says former jihadist Aimen Deen . `` There is no reason to believe that it wo n't last another generation or possibly even two '' .
WASHINGTON — Here 's an image Montreal Canadiens fans wo n't soon forget : Mark Streit lying on their belly in front of backup goaltender Al Montoya as the Washington Capitals danced their way through the offensive zone to score their fifth goal in what ended up being a 6-1 win on Saturday .
U-G-L-Y .
It was n't pretty for Canadiens defenceman Jordie Benn , either . In the first period , just 26 seconds after Capitals captain Alex Ovechkin scored their first of four goals to bring their season total to seven , Benn made a blind breakout pass to Brendan Gallagher that landed on Andre Burakovsky 's stick and ultimately ended up behind Carey Price .
“ You make one bad pass , turns into a turnover , turns into a goal , ” said Benn after the game . “ It 's hockey . You try to make a play and if the play works you 're the hero . If it does n't , you 're the s— . ”
Benn started on a pair with Shea Weber , was moved to the left of Jeff Petry in the second period , and was turn-styled on three separate occasions before night 's end . Ironically , they were one of two defencemen on the Canadiens ' side to not get scored on more than once in the game .
Hardly cause for celebration .
“ I was definitely not good enough tonight , ” Benn said . “ And the boys all want better for themselves , too . ”
It was a tough night for Weber . It was a tough one for Petry , who whiffed on an opportunity to break up the play that led to Ovechkin 's first goal 20 seconds into the first period .
And it was an especially tough one for the 39-year-old Streit , who 's done little since the beginning of training camp to dispel the notion that the game has passed them by .
Discarding the obvious—that one of the best players in the world took over the game and in the process did something that had n't been done since the NHL 's inaugural year ( 1917 ) by scoring a hat trick in consecutive games to start a season—the Canadiens have ample reason to be concerned about their blue line . The turnover was dramatic over the summer , with Nathan Beaulieu , Alexei Emelin , Andrei Markov and Mikhail Sergachev moving out and Streit , Karl Alzner , 19-year-old Victor Mete and David Schlemko ( currently on the injured reserve list ) coming in . It 's understandable that things have n't quite yet come together for the group as management might have hoped .
But the grace period ca n't last much longer .
“ It 's not back to the drawing board . It 's figuring out what our drawing is right now , ” said Alzner , who was playing in their first-ever game against the Capitals after spending nine years with the organization . “ We know it . We just have n't put it all together yet . It 's going to come soon . It 's just a bad display tonight . ”
It was n't the brightest display on Thursday , either , when the Canadiens allowed 45 shots against in a 3-2 shootout win over the Buffalo Sabres to begin their season .
Carey Price was otherworldly in net on that night . On this one , they were pulled after allowing four goals on 13 shots .
Price could n't be faulted on Ovechkin 's goals . A spinning slapshot that redirected off Canadiens forward Artturi Lehkonen was unstoppable . Ditto on the power-play marker Ovechkin scored from their usual spot on the left side of the ice .
And there was no chance Price could snag the high-slot tip Ovechkin snuck through them with 1:50 remaining in the first .
Price can hide the team 's blemishes on any given night with their god-given ability , but they ca n't possibly do it every night .
“ I think that there are guys that can play way better than that , ” said Canadiens coach Claude Julien . “ We need more players playing a little bit better to have some success . We 've got some guys struggling right now . ”
Julien had said the same , on more than one occasion , while the Canadiens were stumbling out to a 0-6 record in the pre-season . They are not wrong in their conviction .
Benn proved outstanding for the majority of their time with the Canadiens last season after they were traded from the Dallas Stars in February . They were a stabilizing force at five-on-five , a gutsy penalty killer and a minute-muncher who could move up and down the lineup . They moved the puck quickly and precisely and quickly assumed a leadership role . All reasons general manager Marc Bergevin referred to them as a potential partner for Weber in pre-season interviews .
Weber is still among the best in the world—he showed it on Thursday , playing nearly 30 minutes of the game and punishing the Sabres with that heavy frame of his—and Petry is in the heart of their prime .
And even if Streit 's skating stride limits their ability to have the same impact on games he 's had for the majority of their career , they are capable of making much better decisions , of executing with more precision , and of playing as a sixth defenceman on occasion .
Sunday offers most ( if not all ) these players an occasion to show something better , with the Canadiens travelling to New York to take on the Rangers . There 's potential for Brandon Davidson or Joe Morrow to draw in and replace one of them .
As Benn said , “ It 's just one night and we 'll forget about it and move on to the next one . ”
Gage Skidmore via Flikr Libertarian icon and three-time presidential candidate Ron Paul is launching their own foreign policy think tank that aims to advance their views on non-interventionism and civil liberties .
The Ron Paul Institute for Peace and Prosperity `` will fill the growing demand for information on foreign affairs from a non-interventionist perspective , '' according to a press release .
Paul plans to formerly launch the initiative at a press conference in Washington , D.C. Wednesday .
From the release :
The neo-conservative era is dead . The ill-advised policies pushed by the neo-cons have everywhere led to chaos and destruction , and to a hatred of the United States and its people . Multi-trillion dollar wars have not made the world a safer place ; they have only bankrupted our economic future . The Ron Paul Institute will provide the tools and the education to chart a new course with the understanding that only through a peaceful foreign policy can we hope for a prosperous tomorrow .
Members of the Institute 's board of advisors include U.S. Reps. Walter Jones , Jr. ( R-N.C. ) and John Duncan ( R-Tenn. ) , Fox News contributor Andrew Napolitano , former Reagan-era Ambassador Faith Whittlesey , and libertarian blogger Lew Rockwell .
The formation of the Institute is the latest rollout in the rapid expansion of Paul 's libertarian cottage industry in the wake of their 2012 retirement . Earlier this week , Paul launched their own home school curriculum course , which promises an `` education in liberty like no other , '' and vows never to seek government accreditation . The former Texas Congressman has also hit the speaking circuit , charging $ 50,000 per appearance .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
The NFL has become the No Fun League so many times over that it 's impossible to keep track . It has clamped down on touchdown celebrations , stopped their own teams from sharing highlights on social media , and generally behaved like a sports league run by Roger Goodell , with a focus on money above all else and little , if any , regard for its players .
But let 's not worry about any of that right now , because the Chinese Arena Football League is here to rescue us from NFL stuck-uppery . The CAFL is absolutely doing the lord 's work with their elaborate touchdown celebrations , which include sword fighting with a football , doing an elbow drop ( or perhaps a sidewalk slam ) followed by a referee three-count , and my favorite of all , the Curly Howard floor spin ( at midfield , no less ) . Literally the only thing missing from that is a loud “ WOOP-WOOP-WOOP-WOOP. ” But I 'll forgive them that .
Kudos to you , CAFL . We will be monitoring your touchdown celebration progress with great interest .
Ben Carson was really hyping up this morning 's big visit to ABC 's The View leading up to this appearance , so really , everything they got , they had coming to him . They simply had to have seen all of this coming . They were right about one thing : This was an episode you will be sad you missed .
I will be LIVE on @ TheView at 11am ET . This is an episode you wo n't want to miss , so tune in . — Dr. Ben Carson ( @ RealBenCarson ) March 24 , 2016
Things were sort of calm in the beginning . Carson was talking about their endorsement of Donald Trump , which they did n't see as anything remarkable or shocking . ( Even they have said they are bummed they endorsed Trump , but what 's done is done . )
They were in the middle of a defense of Trump based on how well their kids behave when Joy Behar jumped in and reminded them that Donald Trump Jr. hunts big-game animals for sport . That was the beginning of the end for Carson .
They dismissed Behar but Whoopi Goldberg just was n't having it after that . “ I 'm sorry , ” they said , “ but he 's a racist ! And he 's not good for the country ! ”
They went on to hammer the renowned neurosurgeon :
You 're Ben Carson ! You 're so much better than this !
Then , the ball was back in Behar 's court . They told Carson it was fine it they wanted to gloss over Trump 's racist and misogynistic remarks , but asked how they could justify all of the awful things Trump had said about him . They referenced the time Trump compared Carson to a child molester . They brushed that off , also .
Finally , before the commercial break , they were asked about Trump 's passive-aggressive attack on Ted Cruz ‘ s wife . Again , they dodged .
Watch above .
[ image via screengrab ]
For more from Lindsey , follow them on Twitter .
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
– September 27 , 2016Washington Capitals fans are invited to participate in the Best Buddies Friendship Walk : Capital Region as members of team “ Strollin ' with Nolan ” on Saturday , Oct. 15 , at 8:30 a.m. at the Washington Monument.Best Buddies International is a nonprofit organization dedicated to creating opportunities for friendship , employment and leadership development for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities ( IDD ) . The goal of the 5K Walk/Run is to raise awareness and funds to support individuals with IDD.Capitals head coach Barry Trotz and their son Nolan , a Best Buddies chapter member , are serving as honorary walk co-chairs . On Oct. 15 , participants will walk with coach Trotz 's wife , Kim , and son Nolan , mascot Slapshot and Red Rockers.Participants must register at www.StrollinWithNolan.com . Students can join for free , while adults may join by committing to raise $ 100 or more in donations . Race-Day registration begins at 7 a.m. , and opening ceremonies begin at 8:30 a.m. at the base of the Washington Monument ( Madison Drive and 15St NW ) .Members and supporters of team “ Strollin ' with Nolan ” will be entered a drawing to participate in a community skate at Kettler Capitals Iceplex with Coach Trotz . In addition , the first place fundraiser will receive four tickets to a regular season Capitals game and a post-game meet and greet with Trotz . The second place fundraiser will receive a Capitals jersey autographed by the team , while the third place fundraiser will receive a Capitals hockey stick autographed by the team.The Friendship Walk will take place on closed roads along the National Mall . Following the event , there will be a finish line celebration with food , beverages , dancing and activities for all ages.Best Buddies Capital Region hopes to have more than 2,000 participants lace up their shoes to walk for friendship and inclusion . The Walk is expected to raise $ 415,000 for Best Buddies Capital Region 's School Friendship , Jobs , and Ambassadors programs.Since 2009 , more than 55,000 participants have walked in more than 26 states and three countries , raising more than $ 5 million for Best Buddies . Proceeds from the Friendship Walk play a fundamental part in funding Best Buddies ' state programs that provide one-to-one friendships , leadership development and integrated job opportunities for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities . This year , our programs will work to create promising opportunities for more than 350,000 people in all 50 states .
Description :
Chaitkin was on the fourth panel , where they were able to deliver their full statement without interruption , denouncing the CE Council for reviving the euthanasia program of Hitler , and called for the Council to disband and to reverse course . The moderater , clearly destabilized , brought themselves to say “ Thank you ” to Tony , and to call on the next witness . After that witness , Ezekiel Emanuel intervened and said “ my reputation has been besmirched ” and that “ I think I do have a very long record of writing against the legalization of euthanasia. ” They protested that “ the association of me and that , seems a little strange given 25-30 years of writing on the topic against legalization . so just to clarify the record for everyone in the room. ” Tony rebutted this ( although mostly inaudible on the webcast ) saying that yes , you wrote that , but you also write that care should be withdrawn from people which accomplishes the same thing .
THE golden arches may be their guilty pleasure but do n't expect to run into Will Hopoate at a McDonald 's anytime soon .
Since returning to the NRL in 2014 following a two year break from the game while they completed a Mormon mission , the 23-year-old admits he 's taken their body for granted .
But that 's about to change .
At the end of last year Hopoate was clubless after their deal with Parramatta had expired and that 's when the centre made the conscious decision to start the next chapter of their rugby league career at Canterbury by making a transformation .
It 's a new attitude and it starts with eliminating Big Macs from their diet and taking better care of their body .
“ My eating habits , ” Hopoate told foxsports.com.au when asked what changes they need to make this year .
Will Hopoate is tackled by Sam Perrett . Source : Getty Images
“ I was n't a bad eater but being a better eater will help . Putting the right fuel into the body will bring forth good energy and doing a lot of pre-hab exercises the physio wants me doing .
“ I can get a bit slothful on those exercises when I 'm at home . Taking my time to stretch will play a big part . ”
For Hopoate , it 's all about being better — a better player , trainer , student and husband — it all comes down to fulfilling their potential .
By their own admission , Hopoate is a firm believer of setting goals each year .
Ahead of the new season , the 2011 premiership winner with Manly said they have a mixture of achievements they want to knock off their list which impact their personal and professional life .
“ At the top of the list you 'll find some spiritual goals , ” they offered .
“ My faith is everything to me . Footy wise — ( I have ) more daily and weekly goals in terms of producing numbers on the field and in the gym and reaching certain key indicators for each training session .
Will Hopoate in action . Source : News Corp Australia
“ Off the field the fans and public only see the 80 minutes played on the weekend but there 's so much preparation .
“ For me off the training paddock is a big thing — recovery , diet , hydration and sleep are pillars on which performance is based on . If I can get that right it 'll help me train better .
“ In terms of spiritual goals , reading scriptures every day and praying with my wife every day . ”
Since joining the Bulldogs , it has been speculated Hopoate could be playing fullback for the club however they say he 's been training in the centres .
It 's the position they feel most comfortable in , although he 's willing to play wherever the team needs him .
The same can be said for Origin . Having come under criticism for their performances on the wing in last year 's series , the Blues flyer said he 's focused on leaving the past behind them and starting 2016 anew .
Will Hopoate during the 2015 State of Origin series . Source : News Corp Australia
“ I think I was criticised fairly , ” they admitted .
“ It was n't the best performances that I put forth . I 've put that behind me now and 2016 is all I 'm looking forward to . Positivity is all I want . ”
In moving forward , Hopoate has moved to Belmore where they have reunited with coach Des Hasler who gave them their start as a teenager with the Sea Eagles back in 2010 .
Having signed a two-year-deal with the Bulldogs , Hopoate said the transition into the kennel has been an easy move for them to make .
“ There were a number of reasons I chose to become a Bulldog and Des was one of them , ” they said .
“ He can really get the best out of players and being able to play alongside some Origin teammates I 've had been another reason why .
“ Having a few familiar faces there ... I was n't coming to a completely different team where I did n't know anyone . There was already friendships established which made the transition a bit easier . ”
Estonia 's Prime Minister Taavi Roivas arrives at the EU summit in Brussels , Belgium , October 21 , 2016 . REUTERS/Eric Vidal
TALLINN ( Reuters ) - Estonia 's coalition government could be threatened with collapse this week after two junior coalition partners called on the prime minister to resign on Monday and the opposition called for a vote of no confidence .
The prime minister of the smallest Baltic state , with a population of just 1.3 million , Taavi Roivas has little room to maneuver to save their fractious coalition government .
The government was formed after elections in April 2015 with their center-right Reform Party , Social Democrats , and the conservative-nationalist Pro-Patria and Res Publica Union holding 59 seats in the 101-seat parliament .
On Monday , the Social Democrats and Pro-Patria and Res Publica Union called on the prime minister to resign , saying there was too little trust between the coalition partners and they wanted the formation of a new majority government .
“ The Estonian state leadership needs new energy and fresh ideas , ” the chairperson of the Estonian Social Democrats , Jevgeni Ossinovski , said in a statement .
Adding to the prime minister 's woes , the opposition called for a vote of no confidence in him , to they held on Wednesday .
Without the support of coalition partners , they can not survive the vote .
The Reform Party 's deputy chairperson Hanno Pevkur said on the country 's public broadcaster ETV that the party 's management board would meet early on Tuesday to discuss the prime minister 's resignation .
Dealspotr is an online place where you can not only find deals and coupons for products you want to buy on major retailers like Amazon , Best Buy , Apple , Sony , Walmart…etc but it also rewards members for posting deals and validating deals . Validating deals can even be done without having to buy a product , you simply participate in the community by testing out a coupon and confirming that it worked and you get reward points . Earn enough reward points and you can earn gift cards and other rewards to your favorite online stores as well , so you basically get rewarded for just helping expand and grow and validate the deals .
You can also sign up and follow your favorite stores and choose to get notifications when your store has a deal or coupon posted . I like how Dealspotr by default has email notifications turned off when you follow a store , and you have to enable it rather than default to spamming you with emails just for following a store .
Also , there is a giveaway for an Amazon gift card , now as part of this giveaway they are trying to grow the community but as part of growing the community you will also get 5,000 points for signing up since I am using my own code as the sign up URL . 10,000 points and you get a $ 10 Amazon gift card , so you are half way there to getting a $ 10 gift card already too .
Also , you get 15,000 points if you partner your site with Dealspotr and host a badge , this will give you a verified influencer status . I am well on my way to the $ 10 Amazon gift card for only a few minutes of my time . In only 2 hours of using the site over 3 days I earned so far $ 20 worth of Amazon gift cards and I am going to keep saving up and see how much I can get at the end of May !
Enter for your chance to win a $ 100 Gift Card
Enter to Win an Amazon Gift Card
US poison control centres have experienced a 229 % increase in the number of calls related to synthetic cannabinoid use in 2015 compared with last year , prompting concern from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
The agency has announced that it has registered more than 3572 such calls between January and May 2015 , versus 1085 calls that came in during the same period in 2014 . In addition , there were 15 reported deaths related to use of synthetic cannabinoids in 2015 , compared with five in 2014 .
New synthetic cannabinoids , higher toxicities and an apparent increase in those using such drugs suggest that these drugs may be an emerging public health threat , the CDC suggests . The CDC is troubled by this trend , and says it suggests a need to step up efforts to remove these products from the marketplace .
Synthetic cannabinoids include various psychoactive chemicals or a mixture of such chemicals that are sprayed onto plant material , which is then smoked or ingested to achieve a ‘ high ' . These products are known by various names like spice and synthetic marijuana , and they are sometimes sold in retail outlets as herbal products . The most commonly reported adverse health effects associated with synthetic cannabinoid use included agitation , tachycardia and vomiting .
The small pallet wooden pieces and blocks are very easily to find which can be present in home scrap and home surroundings . One can arrange them and organize them in a shape of furniture that could be beneficial and exquisite . Like other useful pallet projects , DIY lovers can make a DIY Pallet Cell Phone Holder . A pallet cell phone holder could be small in length , however , it is not hard to make and it is not going to be time-taking at all . Pallet Mobile Phone Holder can be created or shaped in different designs and styles , which you like first-rate . DIY pallet mobile phone holder may be located at everywhere in your own home . The awesome designs will get the appeal of your visitors . Cut pallet woods in equal lengths keeping in thoughts size and join them together . You can make as protective that it could store cell phone to be fallen .
Pallet cell phone holder is an exquisite concept , which can not only suffices your requirements in a home however also offers excellent appearance as the decoration piece in your own home . This little cell phone holder will inform you who 's calling you through just one side opening of your eye whilst sleeping . Enormous uses may be provided from this rustic holder . You could use it in your own home , office and it 'll additionally rock for college kids . You could paint pallet wooden mobile phone holders with the color of your preference otherwise could simply leave it in its natural rustic brown shade . Reclaimed Pallet cell phone holder is a great and innovative shifting of pallet wooden scrap which can also be placed as a centerpiece in room charms too . Craft it with DIY techniques and place it in any direction you think it will be appropriate for you and charming as well . You must sand the pallet mobile phone holders so that it will not be harmful .
The media is raising concerns about a drone bombing at the 58th Presidential Inauguration on Friday .
On Thursday 's `` Today '' show , a report indicated that U.S. Secret Service has put in place several anti-drone efforts out of concern that an I-inspired `` flying IED '' will smash into the crowd , or worse .
The report quoted an official from DroneShield , a drone countermeasure firm , saying that the Inauguration `` is not something I would feel safe at . ''
Reports of violent protests and attacks has Washington on edge , though past threats have never come .
But the `` Today '' show report , headlined `` Drone Danger At Inauguration ? Dealing with a new high-flying security threat , '' noted that drone bombs have been seen flying over coalition forces in Iraq at least once a day .
`` When strapped with a bomb , a worse case scenario especially with hundreds of thousands of people gathered at one spot like the Inauguration , '' the report said .
Paul Bedard , the Washington Examiner 's `` Washington Secrets '' columnist , can be contacted at pbedard @ washingtonexaminer.com
On this page :
What is the Problem and What is Being Done About It ?
What are the Symptoms of Exposure to Molds and to Talaromyces penicillium ?
Who is at Risk ?
What Specific Products are in Question ?
What Do Retails Need To Do ?
What Do Consumers Need To Do ?
Who Should be Contacted ?
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is alerting the public to a recall of Comforts FOR BABY Purified Water with Fluoride with certain sell by dates , sold by Kroger in various affiliated stores , due to potential mold contamination .
What is the Problem and What is Being Done About It ?
The Kroger Company has recalled Comforts FOR BABY Purified Water with Fluoride Added 1 GAL ( 3.78 L ) with sell by dates from 4/26/2018 to 10/10/2018 , after receiving complaints about mold in the product . Testing by Kroger has identified the mold as Talaromyces penicillium . The water is sold in clear containers , but the mold may not be visible with the naked eye .
The FDA is issuing this consumer alert to reach parents and caregivers who may have bought the product , which is intended for infants .
The products were distributed to Kroger stores , including Food 4 Less , Jay C , Jay C Food Plus , Kroger , Kroger Marketplace , Owen 's , Payless Super Market , and Ruler stores in Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Mississippi , Missouri , North Carolina , Ohio , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia and West Virginia . The Kroger Company has instructed its stores to remove the recalled products .
The recalled products are labeled with the UPC Code 0 41260 37597 2 and the plant code 51-4140 . The labels also state DISTRIBUTED BY THE KROGER CO , CINCINNATI , OHIO 45202 .
The recalled products have sold by dates from 4/26/2018 – 10/10/2018 .
If you have purchased this water return it to the store for a refund .
back to top
What are the Symptoms of Exposure to Molds and to Talaromyces penicillium ?
In general , inhaling or touching mold or mold spores may cause allergic reactions in some people . Allergic responses include hay fever-type symptoms , such as sneezing , runny nose , red eyes , and skin rash . Allergic reactions to molds are common and can happen immediately after touching or inhaling mold spores , or later . Molds can also cause asthma attacks in people with asthma who are also allergic to mold . Molds can irritate the eyes , skin , nose , throat , and lungs , even in people who are n't allergic to them .
back to top
Who is at Risk ?
Drinking water or other products contaminated with Talaromyces penicillium may affect infants who have HIV or other conditions that cause immune compromise . Consult your health care professional if you believe your infant may be affected .
What Specific Products are in Question ?
Comforts FOR BABY Purified Water with Fluoride Added
1 GAL ( 3.78 L )
UPC Code : 0 41260 37597 2
Plant Code : 514140
DISTRIBUTED BY THE KROGER CO. , CINCINNATI , OHIO 45202
The recalled products have sold by dates from 4/26/2018 – 10/10/2018 .
back to top
What Do Retailers Need To Do ?
These products are sold exclusively by Kroger and affiliated stores , which have been instructed by Kroger Company to remove the products from shelves .
What Do Consumers Need To Do ?
If you bought this product , do not use it , return it to the store for a refund .
Drinking water or other products contaminated with Talaromyces penicillium may affect infants who have HIV or other conditions that cause immune compromise . These individuals may become infected and this may lead to serious health consequences . Consult your health care professional if you believe your infant may be affected .
Who Should be Contacted ?
The FDA encourages consumers with questions about food safety to call 1-888-SAFEFOOD Monday through Friday between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. Eastern time , or to consult the fda.gov website : http : //www.fda.gov .
back to top
# # #
The world of fashion met the world of blockchain technology at Shanghai 's Fashion Week . When independent , trendy fashion label Babyghost teamed up with Shanghai-based Blockchain-as-a-Service ( BaaS ) company , BitSE , and its VeChain project , the result was a multidimensional sensory feast for the fashion crowd .
For Babyghost 's 2017 Spring and Summer collection , the brand took to the streets to create a new twist . While still incorporating Babyghost 's core influences , this collection also draws on inspiration from the new age trope of the Indigo Child - the concept of an evolved group of children that embody intelligence , intuition , and supernatural abilities . Uniting with VeChain , Babyghost is now taking their fashion line one step further by providing a link between fashion and the digital world .
VeChain is a cloud product management solution integrated with blockchain technology that puts unique IDs on the blockchain and can verify if an item is genuine or not . It focuses on four areas : anti-counterfeiting , supply chain management , asset management , and client experiences , each of which can be used independently or synergistically .
The result of this union is called FashTech , where a clothing collection can be verified on the blockchain through Near Field Communications ( NFC ) - which allows devices to communicate with one another when brought into close proximity - or by scanning the QR code on the label . A person 's phone communicates with the small VeChain chip embedded inside the clothing or accessory , which then tells its `` story '' to the consumer .
The chip holds a unique public and private key pair . The public key is also stored in the blockchain and can be verified by the VeChain app . The app then verifies the public key with the VeChain servers to determine if the public key is genuine . As a result , product safety and quality assurance are maintained , helping to drive customer satisfaction .
With the help of VeChain , Babyghost reaches an elevated level of interaction with their customers through their garments . At Shanghai 's Fashion Week , VeChain and Babyghost presented 20 models who told the stories of 20 new looks .
Embedded with a VeChain chip , those in attendance at the event had the unique opportunity to simply scan the chip on each piece of clothing to receive an interactive memory of who had originally modeled the piece in NYC . Later on , should future customers want to document that they also wore the piece of clothing before selling it secondhand , it would also be possible to provide this interactive memory , according to BitSE .
Speaking to Bitcoin Magazine , BitSE COO Sunny Lu said that Babyghost is ready to try any innovation that will give their customers extraordinary experiences .
`` This event illustrates that fashion brands , especially high fashion brands , need to keep the consumer in mind and give them more than a product , '' said Lu . `` The customer wants to know that the connection between them and the brand is real , and that their products are real . ''
Also presented at the event were 80 eco-friendly handbags that had 80 different stories to tell because of their unique VeChain IDs . Tagged with one of 80 landmark Babyghost photos , each handbag has its own `` soul '' representing a specific moment in Babyghost history .
This successful collaboration proves that blockchain can be disruptive to more than just finance , said Lu .
`` Currently , some players in the fashion industry are using NFC as an anti-counterfeiting solution , '' they said . `` However , these are n't the most advanced chips , and they only solve one of the many problems that the fashion industry faces ... these chips still have potential security risks and concerns . ''
The disruptive difference of VeChain comes from the use of blockchain technology , which creates an opportunity for everyone to be involved in the business operations , including consumers , without introducing any security concerns , adds Lu .
By simply scanning the VeChain chip on a cardigan , dress or shirt , a customer has the opportunity to access a personal digital adventure revealing information about their piece and its journey .
Not only that , customers will be interacting with blockchain technology without even knowing that it 's working behind the scenes .
`` The industry players will know how everything works , but the end consumer does n't need to know , which is why this use case is so beautiful , '' said Lu . `` The primary concern for the customer is the user interface and value , which this technology brings to them . ''
This experience gives consumers a real sense of what FashTech is . It 's not simply a case of putting lights on clothing : It 's about connecting software , hardware , a tangible item and the user to something much more than that .
As Lu says , the world is seeing a paradigm shift in a lot of industries from mass production to mass customization .
`` We want to be a part of that [ and ] VeChain provides an exclusive and personalized experience to the clients of Babyghost , '' they said .
View a series of videos featuring Babyghost 's new FashTech collection here .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Iraqi forces have hit back with air strikes near Tal Afar as the BBC 's John Simpson reports
If you read the newspapers or watch television news it 's easy to come away with the feeling that ISIS is a conquering army , sweeping everything before it as it rushes towards Baghdad : a little like the North Vietnamese Army advancing on Saigon in 1975 , perhaps .
It is true that ISIS is now attacking Baquba , just 37 miles down the road from Baghdad . It is also true that it terrified the national army last week , and that three regular divisions simply collapsed as ISIS advanced .
ISIS is hugely rich - its capture of the Iraqi city of Mosul probably brought in an extra two billion dollars to its coffers - and appallingly brutal .
Buying bullets
Now , though , the fighting in Baquba may have changed things . The forces which seem to have pushed the ISIS fighters out of the town centre are partly composed of enthusiastic Shia volunteers who have been rushing to attack their Sunni enemies .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Iraqi size themselves up for military service
In Baghdad , bullets and pistols have tripled in price , and you can scarcely buy a Kalashnikov at all . But this is not because nervous citizens are arming themselves against the ISIS onslaught ; it is due to the huge demand from the Shia volunteers .
More importantly , in Baquba ISIS is getting close to the edge of Sunni Iraq . There are two big Sunni suburbs on the edge of Baghdad , Amiriya and Khadra , which may soon pose a problem to the Iraqi government , but the city itself is predominantly Shia .
For an organisation of fewer than 10,000 fighters to be able to capture Baghdad and hold it would require a wholesale collapse of morale among Shia Iraqis : something that is hard to imagine , especially after the savage photographs and videos that ISIS fighters have been putting on Twitter and the web .
Iranian influence
Shia knows very well that ISIS regards them as heretics to be wiped out . No mercy can be expected from an organisation which boasts of crucifying its victims or using their heads as a football .
Now , though , there is another factor in the equation : international help . The 275 US military personnel who , the US government says , are coming to Baghdad are nowhere near as important as one single Iranian soldier who is here already .
As the world 's predominant Shia nation , Iran has sent a general from the elite al-Quds force of its Revolutionary Guards to advise on the defence of Baghdad .
Brig Gen Qasem Soleimani is a symbol of Iran 's determination to preserve the huge influence it has built up over the government of Iraq .
Image copyright ISNA Image caption Gen Soleimani ( file picture ) is in Baghdad advising Iraqi officials
Image copyright AFP Image caption Vounteers have been eager to join Iraqi security forces and Shia militias to try to stem the ISIS advance
Indeed , Western diplomats blame many of the current problems which have grown up between Sunnis and Shias on the willingness of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki to follow Iran 's demands .
If you listen to statements from the White House or the British Foreign Office , you would think they were judiciously allowing Iran in from the cold , so it can play a minor role in this crisis .
In fact they are simply acknowledging that Iran is the sole external power which , if things go badly wrong , can save Iraq . Neither Britain nor the US will intervene here seriously , and everyone knows it .
ISIS eruption
Only a year ago , most thoughtful people here believed that Iraq would probably hold together as a unified country . Clearly , the Kurdish north-east was to all intents and purposes independent , but it still accepted that it should notionally remain a part of Iraq .
Sunnis in the rest of Iraq increasingly disliked what seemed to them to be rule by Shia politicians , but even so the balance of advantage still seemed to lie with staying inside Iraq .
Now the eruption of ISIS , straddling the border with Syria , has changed all that .
Image copyright AP Image caption Photos released by ISIS show Iraqi army prisoners before their apparent execution
Many Sunnis , particularly the conservative ones who started turning against al-Qaeda eight years ago , and enabled the US forces to leave Iraq with what seemed at the time to be dignity , are not at all happy that ISIS should control their towns and villages .
But the danger of the present fight-back by Shia volunteers is that they will victimise ordinary Sunnis , and make them feel that ISIS is the only group that can protect them .
In other words , this has the potential to turn into a clear-cut religious war , with the possibility of mass `` cleansing '' of civilians and brutality on a large scale .
So things at present may not be quite as bad here as people abroad think ; but they could turn out that way if the fighting is not ended quickly and clearly .
Correction 20 June 2014 : An earlier incorrect reference to the Viet Cong has been changed to refer to the North Vietnamese Army .
Mayor Menino Helps Kick Off Toys for Tots Campaign and Announces `` Toys for Tickets ''
Program allows for any non-public safety tickets to be paid by toy donation
Today , Mayor Thomas M. Menino joined members of the United States Marine Corps to help kick off the annual Toys for Tots campaign . The City of Boston has worked closely with the program for several years to ensure that Boston residents have the opportunity to donate toys during the holiday season to less fortunate children . To help encourage donations , Mayor Menino announced the “ Toys for Tickets ” campaign that allows non-public safety parking tickets to be paid by toy donations .
“ During these difficult economic times , families are struggling everyday just to make ends meet , ” Mayor Menino said . “ After putting food on the table and paying the bills , many parents and guardians do n't have the ability to buy toys . Unfortunately , this means that too many kids are missing out on the joys of the Holiday season . This year the demand will be very high . I am asking everyone to give what they can . ”
The “ Toys for Tickets ” program will allow any driver that is issued a non-public safety parking ticket on Boston 's streets between December 5 and December 9 , to resolve their ticket by providing a non-violent , wrapped toy of equal or greater value than the fine on the ticket . Toys will be accepted from December 8 thru December 16 between the hours of 9:00 AM and 4:00 PM on the second floor of Boston City Hall . To participate in the “ Toys for Tickets ” program , drivers must bring the parking ticket and a receipt for the toy .
Last year the “ Toys for Tickets ” campaign contributed over $ 3,000 in toys to brighten Christmas morning for many children . Public safety violations that are excluded from this program are :
parking in the way of handicapped ramps ;
parking in spots reserved for those with handicapped or disabled veteran license plates ;
blocking fire hydrants ;
parking in crosswalks ;
double-parking ;
parking less than 20 feet from an intersection ;
parking in a fire lane ;
and being in a no stopping and standing zone .
Watch Video
# # #
An 86-year-old Bellevue man disputes allegations that they were one of the Führer 's henchmen . But they may not live to clear theirs name .
Accused Nazi war criminal Peter Egner says he 's still waiting to hear specifics of the atrocities they are alleged to have committed in Yugoslavia during World War II . Though Egner has been under U.S. scrutiny for five years , they think the government 's attempt to revoke their citizenship is based solely on sketchy information they provided during a surprise early-morning visit by Justice Department lawyers to their Bellevue home last year .
But a more pressing question is whether the white-haired 86-year-old widower will live long enough to resolve the accusations , which date to when Egner was a teenaged German security police officer in Belgrade .
“ He 's quite sick , ” their attorney , Robert Gibbs of Seattle , said last week . It turns out Egner was hospitalized for four days in mid-October for congestive heart disease and pneumonia , according to Gibbs . “ These cases tend to run five , six , seven years , ” they note , “ and I do n't know if he 's likely to live that long . ”
Justice officials in D.C. are n't saying whether or not they believe Egner is seriously ill . But either way , says Justice spokesperson Laura Sweeney , the denaturalization casewill proceed . “ In most of these cases today , the person is obviously older because these are crimes from World War II , ” they say . “ That does n't at all diminish the acts that occurred . ”
In U.S. District Court in Seattle , Egner is seeking dismissal of the government 's effort to send them back to what is now Serbia , possibly to stand trial . Members of a Serbian government war-crimes unit recently reviewed Nazi documents stored in Germany for evidence of Egner 's alleged participation in the Holocaust , but so far are n't saying what they 've learned .
Should Egner be denaturalized , Vladimir Vukcevic , Serbia 's chief war-crimes prosecutor , told the Associated Press , “ Absolutely , we will ask for their extradition . That goes to prove that war crimes never fall under the statute of limitations . ”
Egner denies they were directly involved in what the Justice Department says was the mass murder of more than 17,000 Serbian Jews , Gypsies , and political dissidents by the Nazis ' Security Police and Security Service ( SPSS ) during Egner 's service from 1941 to 1943 .
Elizabeth White , a deputy director and historian with the DOJ 's Office of Special Investigations , says the SPSS at times operated a mobile death unit called the Einsatzgruppe . More than 6,200 of the SPSS 's victims from Belgrade 's Semlin concentration camp died after being herded into the Einsatzgruppe ‘ s specially-designed vans , where they were asphyxiated with carbon monoxide from piped-in exhaust as they took a funeral ride through Belgrade 's streets , White says . They were then interred in mass Nazi burial pits at the foot of Avala Mountain , southeast of Belgrade .
White , in court documents , does n't specifically say what role Egner had in the Avala deaths . But during the February 2007 interview at their Bellevue residence , Egner apparently told the feds they had guarded prisoners en route to both life at Semlin and death at Avala . They were also an interpreter for political prisoners , White says , who were sometimes tortured , then executed .
Egner immigrated to the U.S. in 1960 and applied for citizenship five years later . The government now says they lied on their application by stating they served with the German Army rather than the clandestine SPSS . Egner and their wife settled near Portland , where they worked as a hotel food-service worker , then sold real estate . After their wife Gerda died in 2005 , they moved to Bellevue to be near relatives .
Gibbs says the government has been investigating Egner since 2003 . “ We 're surprised this is all they 've been able to come up with in all that time , ” the attorney says . “ I 'm just scratching my head . I 'm as disgusted as anyone with what the Nazis did , but I do n't see any point in chasing down Mr. Egner unless they 've got more information . ”
In a new court filing , Gibbs says , “ It would have been a simple matter for the complaint to allege that Mr. Egner participated in a specific persecutory act had there been a factual basis for such an assertion. ” In a response , Justice attorney Michael Barr contends the complaint is specific enough . Egner 's “ assistance in persecution ” was their admitted role in guarding and helping interrogate prisoners in the Nazi death-camp system .
Barr , who would not comment further , indicated there is more evidence to come . Gibbs , however , has their doubts .
“ Two Justice lawyers showed up at Mr. Egner 's home at 7 a.m. , and they willingly let them in and tells them candidly what he 'd done in the war and how limited their role was , ” states Gibbs . “ That 's their case now—no compelling details , as there usually are , about a camp guard shepherding people to the gas chamber , and so on . There 's nothing like that here , because it did n't happen . ”
randerson @ seattleweekly.com
As I write this in the first few days of January 2014 , a bitter cold is making headlines and turning much of the nation into a mean and nasty freezer state . The remnants of the storm they called Hercules are still being felt in the northeast . The thermometers read less than zero in a big swath of the midwest . And a lot of people are struggling to get through this cold snap . They 're worried about getting stuck in their home due to ice or snow , or even finding a warm place to stay the night . Frivolities like limited edition spirits in fancy bottles are decidedly not top of mind .
Me ? I 'm fortunate enough to say I 've got it relatively easy . Atlanta is far from the worst of this weather , my heat is keeping things a comfy 72 degrees in my house , and I 've got plenty of food , water , ( bourbon ) , and friends and family to keep me healthy and happy for the time being . But I ca n't help but think about those in need , and ways to help them out ( here 's one way – and some helpful hints on dealing with the cold as well ) .
Which is all a roundabout way to introducing the latest Parker 's Heritage Collection bourbon release from Heaven Hill , dubbed Promise of Hope . This year 's release ( out since October 2013 ) is distinguished by the fact that , for every bottle sold , $ 20 is being given to the ALS Association to help fund research and patient care for those effected by ALS ( also known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease ) . Parker Beam himself , the master distiller who has worked with Heaven Hill since 1960 , was diagnosed with ALS in 2013 , so it 's a cause clearly very dear to the Heaven Hill family .
At $ 90 or so , this is not cheap bourbon , but knowing that it supports a cause like this takes the sting out of the price . Previous Parker 's Heritage Collection releases have run the gamut from an 11 year old cask strength small batch in 2007 ( its first year ) , to a 27 ! year old release , to a cognac-finished release ( by the way , Heaven Hill , please update your website , since the last edition shown is from two years ago ! ) . This year 's Promise of Hope is fairly straightforward in its premise – a 10 year old single barrel bourbon that simply hits all the things Parker Beam looks for , from the age , to the location in the rickhouse where it matured , to the proof ( 96 ) it was bottled at . It 's basically the very best of the best of what the Evan Williams Single Barrel can be ( at a higher proof ) . Which is to say that it 's very , very good . Prototypical Evan Williams/Elijah Craig excellence .
Amazingly , there 's still some of this stuff to be found if you get lucky . It has n't fallen prey to the mania around bourbons like Pappy or the Buffalo Trace Antique Collection . If you do see a bottle , I highly recommend picking it up . It 's a good cause , and a great bourbon . Tasting notes and review below .
Parker 's Heritage Collection , Promise of Hope , Single Barrel , 10 year old Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey
96 Proof
Approx . $ 90 Retail
Tasting Dates : November 2013 – January 2014
I have to admit that I was n't fully appreciative of this bottle on the first few tastes back in November . It tasted , well , a bit pedestrian for the price . The fact that I knew it was basically Evan Williams Single Barrel ( though hand selected especially for this release by Parker Beam ) maybe played with my mind a bit , since EWSB runs for roughly a fourth of the price ( a great bargain ) . But Promise of Hope is a bourbon that has grown on me over time , becoming a regular go-to when I 'm in need of something to warm me from the cold or simply bring a slow smile to my face .
The nose here hits basically every note you expect it to hit… toasty oak , burnt caramel , cinnamon and vanilla , orange peel , a bit of crisp apple fruit , then a sharp mineral edge at the end . And , yes , the proof is just right for sipping neat . Plenty strong , tongue coating richness , but not at all too hot . Those same elements you get on the nose come out strongly on the palate , the fruit and grain a bit more pronounced , but the spicy cinnamon coming on stronger , too . Cloves and baking spice carry through into a finish that keeps going and going and going . Robust without being domineering , balanced and wholly integrated . It 's enough to keep you happy on a cold winter night , and it also puts you in the mind of thinking about the challenges that others are facing , and the fact that even a little thing like supporting a charity with a purchase ( or a donation ) can have an impact .
Thirsty South Rating : Excellent *
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
* Thirsty South Rating Scale :
Wow – among the very best : knock-your-socks-off , profound , complex liquid gold !
Excellent – exceptional in quality and character , worth seeking out , highly recommended
Good Stuff – solid expression of its type/varietal , enjoyable and recommended
Fair – fairly standard or exhibiting obvious though minor flaws
Avoid – move away folks , nothing to see here , a trainwreck
Full Disclosure : Tasting sample provided by Heaven Hill . Donation made by Thirsty South to the ALS Promise of Hope Fund .
Curiosity scans Moonlight Valley beyond Dingo Gap Dune .
Curiosity 's view to “ Moonlight Valley ” beyond after crossing over ‘ Dingo Gap ' sand dune . This photomosaic was taken after Curiosity drove over the 1 meter tall Dingo Gap sand dune and shows dramatic scenery in the valley beyond , back dropped by eroded rim of Gale Crater . Assembled from navigation camera ( navcam ) raw images from Sol 535 ( Feb. 6 , 2104 ) Credit : NASA/JPL-Caltech/Ken Kremer- kenkremer.com/Marco Di Lorenzo
See below more before/after Dingo Gap imagery
Story updated [ /caption ]
NASA 's Curiosity mega rover has successfully crossed over the ‘ Dingo Gap ' sand dune- opening the gateway to the science rich targets in the “ Moonlight Valley ” and Martian mountain beyond .
“ I 'm over the moon that I 'm over the dune ! I successfully crossed the “ Dingo Gap ” sand dune on Mars , ” Curiosity tweeted overnight Thursday .
“ Moonlight Valley ” is the name of the breathtaking new locale beyond Dingo , Curiosity Principal Investigator John Grotzinger , of Caltech , told Universe Today .
Curiosity drove westward over the 1 meter ( 3 foot ) tall Dingo Gap dune in stellar style on Thursday , Feb. 6 , on Sol 535 .
Dramatic before and after photos reveal that the rover passed over the Red Planet dune without difficulty . They also show some interesting veins and mineral fractures are visible in the vicinity just ahead .
“ Moonlight Valley has got lots of veins cutting through it , ” Grotzinger told me .
“ We 're seeing recessive bedrock . ”
The Martian dune lies between two low scarps sitting at the north and south ends .
“ The rover successfully traversed the dune in Dingo Gap , ” wrote science team member Ken Herkenhoff in an update .
“ The data look good . ”
Since arriving at the picturesque “ Dingo Gap ” sand dune about a week ago , Curiosity 's handlers had pondered whether to breach the dune as an alternate pathway into the smoother terrain of the valley beyond as a workaround to avoid fields of rough rocks that have been ripping holes into the robots six aluminum wheels in recent months .
“ We 're guessing it will be softer on the wheels , ” Grotzinger informed me .
Before giving the go ahead to move forward , engineers took a few days to carefully assess the dune 's integrity and physical characteristics with the rovers science instruments and cameras to insure there was n't the potential to get irretrievably stuck in a deep sand trap .
The team even commanded Curiosity to carry out a toe dip by gently rolling the 20 inch ( 50 cm ) diameter wheels back and forth over the crest on Tuesday , Feb. 4 to insure it was safe to mount .
They wo n't take any chances with safety , recalling that rover Spirit 's demise occurred when they because mired in a hidden sand trap in 2010 from which there was ultimately no escape . They froze to death during the bitter Martin winter – more than 6 years into their 90 day mission .
Opportunity also got wedged at the seemingly endless dune field at “ Purgatory Dune ” , that nearly doomed them early in the now decade long trek . Engineers spent weeks on the extrication effort .
Since last summer , Curiosity has been traveling on a southwestward route to the breathtaking foothills of Mount Sharp , their ultimate science destination .
The westward route though Dingo will soon lead Curiosity to a spot dubbed “ KMS-9 ” where the team hopes to conduct the first rock drilling operations since departing the Yellowknife Bay quadrant in July 2013 , into areas of intriguing bedrock .
“ At KMS-9 , we see three terrain types exposed and a relatively dust-free surface , ” said science team collaborator Katie Stack of the California Institute of Technology , Pasadena .
The missions science focus has shifted to “ search for that subset of habitable environments which also preserves organic carbon , ” says Curiosity Principal Investigator John Grotzinger , of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
But first , with the dune now safely in the rear view mirror , the team plans a busy weekend of research activities .
A big science program using the X-Ray spectrometer and high resolution MAHLI camera on the robotic arm is already planned for this weekend .
“ The arm will be deployed to investigate some interesting veins or minerals filling fractures in front of the rover , ” says Herkenhoff .
“ ChemCam will search for frost early on the morning of Sol 538 ( Saturday ) , then analyze targets Collett and Mussell along the vein/fracture fill later in the day . ”
Thereafter Curiosity will continue on its journey across the floor of Gale Crater , taking images and atmospheric measurements along the way to the sedimentary layers at the base of Mount Sharp .
Curiosity has already accomplished their primary goal of discovering a habitable zone on Mars that could support Martian microbes if they ever existed .
And be sure to check out Curiosity 's first ever image of Earth from Mars in my new story – here .
To date Curiosity 's odometer stands at nearly 5 kilometers and they have taken over 118,000 images .
The robot has about another 5 km to go to reach Mount Sharp .
Meanwhile , NASA 's sister Opportunity rover is exploring clay mineral outcrops by the summit of Solander Point on the opposite side of Mars at the start of their 2nd Decade investigating the Red Planet 's mysteries .
And a pair of new orbiters are streaking to the Red Planet to fortify Earth 's invasion fleet- NASA 's MAVEN and India 's MOM .
Stay tuned here for Ken 's continuing Curiosity , Opportunity , Chang ' e-3 , SpaceX , Orbital Sciences , LADEE , MAVEN , MOM , Mars and more planetary and human spaceflight news .
Ken Kremer
Image copyright Getty/GMP Image caption A Rolex Yachtmaster worth £20,000 was taken during the break-in at Ricky Hatton 's home in Hyde
Watches worth £28,000 and a large number of 500 euro notes were stolen during a burglary at Ricky Hatton 's home after they tweeted they were away .
Thieves ransacked the boxer 's house in Hyde , Greater Manchester after breaking in between 30 January and 2 February , police said .
They had earlier tweeted they were heading to London for a TV appearance .
A 37-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of burglary and released on bail pending further inquiries .
Det Con Marc Baker said : `` These were some valuable and quite distinctive timepieces and we hope that this will assist us in tracking these items and the offenders down .
`` One was a gold Rolex Yachtmaster worth £20,000 , while the other was a stainless steel Rolex Explorer worth £8,000 .
`` Similarly , the euros were in large denomination notes not typically used by the public . ''
Hatton , 36 , announced their retirement from professional boxing in July 2011 , but returned to the ring in November 2012 to fight Vyacheslav Senchenko .
The former two-weight world champion retired again after defeat at the Manchester Arena .
Incredible sounds with great comfort
If you are here looking at the Beyerdynamic DT 880 , you already know what you are getting yourself into . I 'm going to cut straight to the chase and talk about the outstanding characteristics of this headphone . Comfort level is 9 - the soft pads are very comfortable , clamp pressure is OK , not too tight and definitely not too light so it stays on your head ( depends on how big your head is ) . Sound quality is 9+ in a heart beat . Here is where I have to lay out the different parts of the sound spectrum . Highs ( treble ) is on the bright side for sure , but even that is relative to the source you are feeding to these headphones . Everything you read about the high frequencies is true , they are not `` dark '' sounding headphones . I would say the highs are clear , pristine , lots of detail especially in cymbal hits , trumpet stabs , female voices , high pitch wind or string instruments , kissing of guitar strings , distortion guitars in high registers , etc. , so it has a snappy fast feel to the sound . Some people interpret this snappy feel as `` exciting '' . That is pretty accurate . The caveat to this is that if you have music that is mostly high frequencies , then these headphones would probably sound harsh , ringing , or what people say `` sibilant '' . There is a peak at about 7k so female voices or those S 's jump out a little . The mid range is liquid smooth and pretty spot on , as flat as you should naturally get which translates to perhaps a kind of sonic politeness . Compare this to say a Sennhesier HD650 , where the mids are more pronounced , you might feel the DT 880 mids sound little flat but that 's exactly what it is . The sound is not colored . This is not a V shape graph , there is no dip in the middle or a `` hole '' in the mid frequencies nor is there an artificial bump to make the mid range sound `` forward '' . You can hear voices and mid frequencies played at exactly where they are intended to be placed . Now let 's focus on the Bass - this is where lots of people get it wrong because the consensus is that the DT 880 is lean on the bass . Not true at all ! I find the bass to be full , detailed with lots of control . Not boomy . Definitely not like Skullcandy or Beats where the bass frequencies are totally exaggerated , completely washing out all other useful frequencies . If all you want to hear is bass , well , you need to go see a specialist . The natural world does n't only generate bass frequencies , thanks very much . With that said , the low end is powerful and plentiful . The intro to Coldplay 's Adventure of a Lifetime just blew me away ! Talking about the bass . The sound stage is pretty good . Not wide like you 're in outta space but definitely not claustrophobic like a pair of Grado 's . There is enough room or `` air '' between instruments and you will experience a natural way of listening to music . You can further modify the sound via amplifiers or EQs to your liking , but either way you will get addicted to these headphones straight out of the box.Read full review
Verified purchase : Yes | Condition : New
ENGLEWOOD—If the Denver Broncos want to stop Kareem Hunt , it would help if they had Derek Wolfe .
“ I should be there , '' Wolfe said .
The Broncos ' standout defensive end , Wolfe has missed practice this week with a bruised right foot and torn tendon in a ring finger . The Broncos play against the AFC West rival Kansas City Chiefs on Monday night at Arrowhead Stadium .
“ I 'm not going to lie , I did n't think I was going to be able to play a couple days ago , '' Wolfe said . “ I was like , ‘ I do n't know . ' But we 've got a great training staff here . They get us ready to play . That 's what they 're best at . It would take a lot for me not to be playing in a Monday Night Football game against the Chiefs . ''
Playing without practicing is something all NFL veterans learn to do from time to time .
“ I usually play better when I do n't practice , '' Wolfe said with a wry smile .
The foot is the biggest issue . It got stomped on Sunday during the Broncos ' 21-0 loss to the Los Angeles Chargers . Wolfe progressed to where they were running around while wearing cleats Thursday .
Sign up for the 9NEWSLETTER Thank You Something went wrong . This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning . Thank You for signing up for the 9NEWSLETTER Please try again later .
Submit
Hunt , the Chiefs ' rookie running back , leads the NFL in rushing and already has more than 1,000 yards from scrimmage through seven games .
“ He 's a great back , '' Wolfe said . “ Great back . Their balance . The balance they run with . They get hit and they stay on their feet . It 's impressive . ''
Three other Bronco players did n't practice again Thursday because of injuries : Starting receiver Emmanuel Sanders , starting inside linebacker Todd Davis and backup offensive tackle Donald Stephenson .
Olivo accepts blame
The problem was n't the punt . The problem was special teams coordinator Brock Olivo did n't do a good enough job coaching up their punter .
So said the refreshingly self-deprecating Olivo during the coordinator press conferences Friday . Turns out , Riley Dixon was supposed to directionally punt toward the right sidelines with the speedy Travis Benjamin back as the Chargers ' returner .
But like most young punters , Dixon has yet to master the directional punt . Their boot went low , short and down the middle . Benjamin caught it in a hop and sprinted 65 yards for a touchdown .
Worse , it occurred a few plays after the Denver defense came up with a four-down , goal-line stand from its 1 yard one . The Benjamin return made it , 7-0 Chargers as the Broncos ' defense watched helplessly from the sidelines .
“ We left it in the middle of the field with 3.2 ( second ) hang time against an elite returner like Travis Benjamin -- we ca n't do that , '' Olivo said . “ It puts us in trouble . It puts a lot of stress on your coverage team . That 's on me . I have to get Riley ready to go . They had to come out of the gate hitting a good directional punt . We knew that Travis Benjamin was a guy that we had to stop . That was one of our first objectives going into that week . I did n't do a good enough job of preparing them to do that , apparently . I have to be better with that coming out of the gate . We ca n't give that up . I 'm letting our team down and our staff down . I have to do better . ”
McCoy says turnovers the key
For two weeks , Mike McCoy seemed like an offensive genius as the Broncos ' new offensive coordinator . The Broncos built an impressive ( and barely insurmountable ) 24-7 lead through three quarters against the Chargers in the opener . They then put up 42 points ( with help from an Aqib Talib pick six ) against Dallas .
But in the last four games McCoy 's play-calling has often been second-guessed as the Broncos have scored 16 , 16 , 10 and zero points .
Did the shutout – the first suffered by the Broncos in nearly 25 years – cause McCoy and their offensive assistants to make changes this week ?
“ I think number one we have to quit turning the football over , '' McCoy said . “ That 's the first thing , Throughout the season , that 's one thing that has hurt our team . ''
Indeed , the Broncos have turned it over 12 times , or two a game .
“ Secondly , we have to eliminate penalties , '' McCoy said . “ There are some things where we 're driving the ball at the end and there 's a penalty here and there , especially in the red area which are critical at times . ''
The Broncos had just one red-zone trip last week – and it did n't happen until 5 minutes left in the game with the Chargers up by the 21-0 score that became the final . On first and 10 from the Chargers ' 11 , the Broncos first went back 5 yards when right tackle Allen Barbre was called for an illegal formation .
That made it first and 15 .
Then left tackle Garett Bolles was called for holding . That made it first and 25 at the Chargers ' 26 . So much for the red zone possession . The Broncos wound up turning it over on downs .
Galindez writes : `` Bernie Sanders ' proposal of Medicare for All will cover everything . Single payer is what works around the world and can work here . Bernie released their health care plan just hours before Sunday 's debate . The Clinton campaign is critical of their past legislation in Congress that would have put the states in charge . Bernie 's new plan is administered by the federal government , not by the states . ''
The Democratic candidates faced off in Charleston , South Carolina , Sunday evening . ( photo : Randall Hill/Reuters )
Hillarycare Wo n't Cover Everyone , Berniecare Will
By Scott Galindez , Reader Supported News
hile Hillary Clinton has made statements in the past in support of single-payer health care , they have never proposed it . Even in 1993 , when they chaired Bill Clinton 's special commission on “ universal '' health care , they did n't propose a plan that would have covered everyone . Like Obamacare , it had a mandate that said everyone has to buy into a private plan . They called it universal , but like Obamacare it would not have led to everyone getting health care .
Politicians have thrown around the term “ universal health care ” around , but rarely have they proposed it .
Hillary 's current plan is to defend the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) against Republican efforts to repeal it . According to their website , they are “ committed to building on delivery system reforms in the Affordable Care Act that improve value and quality care for Americans . ”
Bernie Sanders also would not repeal Obamacare without first passing a better plan . But if you listen to Hillary , you would think Bernie is ready to throw everyone off their health care . That could n't be further from truth .
Single-payer government-run health care is the only way we get to 100 % coverage of every American . Insurance companies love the mandate , since it means people have to buy insurance , but the mandate does not lead to lower premiums and deductibles . Do n't get me wrong , I support Obamacare and have benefited from it , but I have an employer that is giving me $ 300 a month for health care . But as I sit here in my hospital bed , I still dread the portion of my hospital bill that I will have to pay . I am worried that if I ca n't pay , I might lose my health care .
According to Bernie 's website :
The Affordable Care Act was a critically important step towards the goal of universal health care . Thanks to the ACA , more than 17 million Americans have gained health insurance . Millions of low-income Americans have coverage through expanded eligibility for Medicaid that now exists in 31 states . Young adults can stay on their parents ' health plans until they 're 26 . All Americans can benefit from increased protections against lifetime coverage limits and exclusion from coverage because of pre-existing conditions . Bernie was on the U.S. Senate committee that helped write the ACA .
But as we move forward , we must build upon the success of the ACA to achieve the goal of universal health care . Twenty-nine million Americans today still do not have health insurance and millions more are underinsured and can not afford the high copayments and deductibles charged by private health insurance companies that put profits before people .
Bernie Sanders ' proposal of Medicare for All will cover everything . Single payer is what works around the world and can work here . Bernie released their health care plan just hours before Sunday 's debate . The Clinton campaign is critical of their past legislation in Congress that would have put the states in charge . Bernie 's new plan is administered by the federal government , not by the states .
Under Obamacare som states have shortchanged their residents by refusing to set up exchanges or expand Medicaid . I am in Iowa , where there are no platinum plans . I am one who has high premiums and co-pays . I know single payer would save me money . I am willing to pay higher taxes for single-payer health care . I will save money .
According to the plan posted on their website , under the Sanders plan the marginal income tax rate would be :
37 percent on income between $ 250,000 and $ 500,000 .
43 percent on income between $ 500,000 and $ 2 million .
48 percent on income between $ 2 million and $ 10 million . ( In 2013 , only 113,000 households , the top 0.08 percent of taxpayers , had income between $ 2 million and $ 10 million . )
52 percent on income above $ 10 million . ( In 2013 , only 13,000 households , just 0.01 percent of taxpayers , had income exceeding $ 10 million . )
This plan would be partly paid for by :
A 6.2 percent income-based health care premium paid by employers .
A 2.2 percent income-based premium paid by households .
This year , a family of four taking the standard deduction can have income up to $ 28,800 and not pay this tax under this plan . A family of four making $ 50,000 a year taking the standard deduction would only pay $ 466 this year .
These additional elements would pay for the remainder of the plan :
Progressive income tax rates .
Taxing capital gains and dividends the same as income from work .
Limit tax deductions for rich .
The Responsible Estate Tax
Savings from health tax expenditures .
So it would be accurate to say taxes will go up , but the cost is offset by the end of premiums and co-pays . All you will have to do is go to the doctor . The bill will be paid for by the government . You wo n't have to pay a dime .
All I see in Hillary Clinton 's health care plan is that they will fight to preserve and improve Obamacare . They will also address rising prescription drug costs .
According to Bernie 's website , their plan “ will cover the entire continuum of health care , from inpatient to outpatient care ; preventive to emergency care ; primary care to specialty care , including long-term and palliative care ; vision , hearing and oral health care ; mental health and substance abuse services ; as well as prescription medications , medical equipment , supplies , diagnostics and treatments . Patients will be able to choose a health care provider without worrying about whether that provider is in-network and will be able to get the care they need without having to read any fine print or trying to figure out how they can afford the out-of-pocket costs . ”
So unless your employer is providing you with a great health care plan , you will save money on health , care . It is clear to me that we will get more and pay less for health care under Bernie Sanders .
Scott Galindez attended Syracuse University , where they first became politically active . The writings of El Salvador 's slain archbishop Oscar Romero and the on-campus South Africa divestment movement converted them from a Reagan supporter to an activist for Peace and Justice . Over the years they have been influenced by the likes of Philip Berrigan , William Thomas , Mitch Snyder , Don White , Lisa Fithian , and Paul Wellstone . Scott met Marc Ash while organizing counterinaugural events after George W. Bush 's first stolen election . Scott will be spending a year covering the presidential election from Iowa .
Reader Supported News is the Publication of Origin for this work . Permission to republish is freely granted with credit and a link back to Reader Supported News .
After a trip to Montréal I have some recommendations as to how we can get on their level .
I returned from Montréal exhausted and amazed by what I had just seen . I know that we have all heard recently about the defeats that the student movement there has suffered , but in America we are so far behind what has been created in Montréal that we need to be taking notes on all the things that the Montréal activists did right .
I attend American University in Washington DC , a school that has a tradition of radicalism that dates back the 1960s . At American we feel forever indebted the administration for being kind enough to grant us a storage closet for our social justice club 's office . Imagine my surprise upon visiting the offices of the radical leftist groups on the campus of CGEP ( a school for people of ages 17-20 ) Marie-Victorin . Marie-Victorin was smaller than my school , my school has 6,500 undergrads and 4,000 graduate students , Marie-Victorin has 4,000 students total . The activists at Marie-Victorin have an office space that includes 4 or 5 rooms and its own storage closet . Oh la la ! At Université du Quèbec à Montréal an entire section of the school is decorated with elaborate leftist murals , graffiti , and revolutionary slogans which include encouragements to kill cops . Needless to say this section of the school belongs to the leftist activists .
Beyond the freakin cool offices and graffiti the student activists in Montréal have succeeded in so far keeping tuition at CGEPs and Universities to around $ 2,000 a year . At my school it is currently $ 50,000 a year with room , board and food ( mandatory payments for Freshman ) included . In addition , it has recently been announced that our school administration is proposing a 30 % tuition hike .
The strength of the student left in Montréal lies to a large extent in the hard work , maturity , and unwavering amiability of its central activists . These people work hard and communicate without bitterness or passive aggression towards one another . I believe this has to do with the differences in culture between Montréal and the US . It is my understanding that US culture is more alienating than Montréal culture and thus produces more students with psychological problems . This is evident from my own personal experience with organizational infighting and if one needs concrete evidence of this a quick look at the recent history of mass shootings by disturbed US males should be enough .
To remedy the psychological problems of fellow activists and in addition as an organizing tactic I believe that American student activists should put a great deal of energy into creating a tight knit community of activists that is also welcoming to those who are interested in joining . By creating such a community we can offer a social circle that is an alternative to the Frat and Sorority community as well as to the “ community ” of the cynical hipsters .
Additionally , we need commitment . Activism is not a career path . This is not something we should be doing simply to pad our résumés . The student activists in Montréal were not taking time out of their lives not because they wanted a job with a non-profit upon graduation , but because they actually cared about what they were fighting for . I have seen a lot of careerism amongst US student activists , but we need to start caring more about our work in activism than our future career opportunities .
Finally , the Montréal students have taught us that the future is unwritten . Things may look really bad now , but that just means we need to start working from where we are at . If we want to fight then we will fail many many times , but we will learn from these failures and become stronger because of them . Cynicism is our enemy and it can only be defeated by taking risks and not losing our will to fight .
Some people will go to any lengths for a drink , but a plan to drag an iceberg to the United Arab Emirates in a bid to secure the country 's future freshwater supply looks the most extreme .
`` We are in need of every single drop of water and , unfortunately , these icebergs are disintegrating from Antarctica and they are floating in the ocean due to global warming , '' Abdulla Al Shehi from the National Advisor Bureau Limited , the company behind the bizarre idea , told CBC .
Al Shehi says the UAE can collect the billions of liters of water melting from icebergs , a project they hope will help combat water shortages in the country over the next 15 years .
The plan would involve towing an iceberg from near Heard Island , one of a group Antarctic islands , up to the coast of Fujairah in the east of the UAE . Once there , it can be turned into drinking water at a processing port . It 's thought the project could also provide a unique tourist attraction .
A promotional video for the plan shows crowds flocking to see the iceberg . Curiously , both penguins and polar bears are being dragged along with it – a strange scene considering they do n't live on the South Pole .
Part of the plan will also see the UAE terraform their own landscape , with the cool air emitted from the icebergs facilitating a climate change in the region and transforming an area known as the ‘ Empty Quarter ' from an uninterrupted sand mass to a lush green garden landscape .
About 30 to 40 percent of the iceberg 's volume will be lost on the 10,000km ( 6,000 miles ) journey which is estimated to take one year , according to National Advisor Bureau .
They claimed the reflective surface of the iceberg will protect it from the harsh UAE heat but did not say how long the icebergs would be expected to survive .
The ambitious plan , if successful , could provide a welcome alternative to the current desalination plants according to Al Shehi . `` [ Desalination ] not only pollutes the air , but it is costly , it burns fuels and it affects the seawater salinity . So many creatures in the sea are affected by this . ”
The plan is n't the first time winter has been brought to the UAE . Despite not having any snowfall Dubai still boasts its own giant ski slope layered with snow produced in a chilled indoor facility . The facility is cool enough to host to groups of penguins .
SHARE Special Report Chronic Crisis : Milwaukee County 's mental health system focuses less on continual care and more on emergency treatment than any in the nation . Despite scandals , studies and promises of reform , the system is like many of its patients : It never gets better . Go to section
By of the
Gov . Scott Walker has authorized an investigation into a report on the deaths of four patients at the Milwaukee County Mental Health Complex .
It 's not about how the patients died or the conditions there that led to their deaths .
It 's an investigation about how the public learned about the claims of substandard care .
The state will investigate whether Disability Rights Wisconsin violated patient confidentiality rules by widely distributing copies of the report — even though it already had been covered by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel . The investigation would determine whether the organization should be stripped of its role as the state 's official advocate for people with disabilities .
The report found that doctors at the complex failed to provide basic medical care , leading to the deaths of four patients in 2012 . It was written by William Knoedler , a Madison psychiatrist , based on patient records given to them by Disability Rights Wisconsin .
In the wake of the Journal Sentinel coverage , the county moved to discredit Disability Rights Wisconsin , and asked Walker to investigate the agency . Walker assigned the review of the patient advocacy group to lawyers at the state Department of Health Services on March 12 and notified Milwaukee County of the move this week .
Knoedler on Thursday called the move to undermine the organization `` an utter deflection of responsibility . ''
`` Clearly , they care more about their own embarrassment and looking for ways to divert attention than they do about patient care , '' Knoedler said .
In the report , Knoedler found that conditions at the complex were so poor that the facility should be closed until improvements could be made . Failures were both in psychiatric care — `` the area of specialty and presumed expertise '' of the staff at the complex — and in basic medical treatment , they found . In some cases , patients went days without adequate medical attention .
Disability Rights Wisconsin gave the report to state and federal officials , County Executive Chris Abele and two county officials last summer , but did not release it to the public or share it with the County Board .
The Journal Sentinel wrote about the report in January .
Disappointed in county
Knoedler said Thursday that no one from the state or county contacted them after the report was made public to ask their advice on what needs to be done to correct the problems that they found .
Jonathan Safran , a lawyer who represents the family of a man who died of complications from a broken neck at the complex , said he , too , is disappointed in the county and state 's focus on whether Disability Rights Wisconsin should be disciplined .
`` You would have expected them to immediately launch an investigation into the care there , especially given the grave concerns in the report , '' Safran said .
Brendan Conway , spokesperson for Abele , said the county had moved to correct any errors in care before Knoedler 's report became public .
Disability Rights Wisconsin has been a key player in pressing for more resources and better patient care at the complex . A Disability Rights official in late 2012 publicly called for state intervention at the complex , a move that prompted criticism from county officials . The group joined with other organizations last summer in calling for an increase in the county budget for more community mental health programs .
State legislation passed last week transfers oversight of the complex to a new board of mental health professionals and advocates appointed by the governor . Walker is expected to sign that into law soon .
The Journal Sentinel 's `` Chronic Crisis '' investigation prompted the state legislation . The series told how Milwaukee County 's mental health system focused more heavily on emergency treatment rather than continual care than any system in the country .
Patient identification
County Corporation Counsel Paul Bargren confirmed the governor 's action came in response to a request by the county . Bargren said it was a consensus decision of Abele , county supervisors and administrators at the Mental Health Complex to seek the state investigation of the rights group .
County officials have complained that the rights group 's report led to identification of some dead patients , even though no names or other personal information were used in the report .
Walker 's action calls for a determination of whether Disability Rights Wisconsin should have its role as the state 's official patient protection and advocacy agency revoked over the report 's dissemination .
Before that could happen , the state would have to issue a formal finding of `` good cause '' to strip the patient advocacy designation from Disability Rights and give interested parties a chance to comment on the move .
Disability Rights Wisconsin is a nonprofit that operated on a $ 4.5 million budget in 2013 . Losing the patient advocate designation — something Disability Rights Wisconsin has held since its founding in 1977 — would mean the loss of federal grants comprising about 40 % of its total budget , said Dan Idzikowski , executive director of the rights group .
Walker directed Sandra Rowe , the chief legal counsel for the state Department of Health Services , to conduct the investigation of Disability Rights Wisconsin . They did n't give a time frame for completion of the investigation and a department spokesperson did not immediately respond to a question on the time frame for the probe .
Cognitive Dissidence , a local blog authored by Chris Liebenthal , first reported the Disability Rights investigation Wednesday . Liebenthal is a human services worker for the county in the same department that runs the Mental Health Complex .
The rights group investigates reports of patient abuse and has access to hospital and other patient records .
Confident of compliance
After the Journal Sentinel wrote about the report , the rights group distributed copies to about 60 members of the county 's Mental Health Task Force and hundreds of others on a task force mailing list . The report also was posted on the rights group 's website .
Names and other personal patient information were blacked out .
According to a Jan. 20 letter by Bargren , those actions violated a confidentiality agreement Disability Rights Wisconsin signed with the county in 2011 , when it was investigating earlier allegations of patient abuse at the Mental Health Complex .
The distribution of Knoedler 's report also may have violated federal law protecting patient privacy , Bargren wrote in a Feb. 11 letter to Walker and other state officials .
`` Such a disclosure constitutes a grave breach of DRW 's statutory and ethical patient confidentiality obligations and should prompt reconsideration of its role as Wisconsin 's protection and advocacy agent , '' the Feb. 11 letter says .
Idzikowski said Thursday there was no violation of patient confidentiality .
`` We redacted any names or any other protected health information , in compliance with all the laws on patient confidentiality , '' Idzikowski said . `` We are very confident that we complied with all laws regarding confidentiality . ''
The agency took an additional step and obtained permission from relatives of two of the deceased patients to publicly use any part of those patients ' records Disability Rights thought might be useful , they said .
Kristin Kerschensteiner , managing attorney for the rights group , said in a letter to the county that the group did not breach its confidentiality agreement with the county or break any state or federal patient confidentiality laws .
They said no one from the rights group leaked the report to the Journal Sentinel . But once the Journal Sentinel posted the report on its website in January , it `` became generally available to the public , '' Kerschensteiner said .
Furthermore , Disability Rights `` has complied with all relevant provisions of these ( patient confidentiality ) laws and properly protected the individuals ' identity , '' Kerschensteiner wrote .
Knoedler 's report did n't name any of the patients who had died at the complex , but discussed some details of poor care they received there .
Names of those patients had been publicly disclosed in medical examiner and law enforcement reports . One of the patients who died in 2012 , Brandon Johnson , was the subject of an open Joe Doe investigation into circumstances surrounding their death from complications of a broken neck .
Twitter : twitter.com/SteveSchultzeJS
How to contact county and state officials
Gov . Scott Walker : ( 608 ) 266-1212 , govgeneral @ wisconsin.gov
Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele : ( 414 ) 278-4244 , chris.abele @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Hector Colon , Milwaukee County health and human services director : 414-289-6481 , hector.colon @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
James Kubicek , acting administrator for Milwaukee County Behavioral Health Division , ( 414 ) 257-4823 , james.kubicek @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Deanna Alexander , ( 414 ) 278-4259 , deanna.alexander @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Mark Borkowski , ( 414 ) 278-4253 , mark.borkowski @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor David Bowen , ( 414 ) 278-4265 , david.bowen @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Gerry Broderick , ( 414 ) 278-4237 , gerry.broderick @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor David Cullen , ( 414 ) 278-4263 , david.cullen @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Marina Dimitrijevic , ( 414 ) 278-4232 , marina.dimitrijevic @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Jason Haas , ( 414 ) 278-4252 , jason.haas @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Willie Johnson Jr. , ( 414 ) 278-4233 , willie.johnson @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Patricia Jursik , ( 414 ) 278-4231 , patricia.jursik @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Theo Lipscomb Sr. , ( 414 ) 278-4280 , theodore.lipscomb @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Michael Mayo Sr. , ( 414 ) 278-4241 , michael.mayo @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Khalif Rainey , ( 414 ) 278-4278 , khalif.rainey @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Peggy Romo West , ( 414 ) 278-4269 , peggy.romowest @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Jim `` Luigi '' Schmitt , ( 414 ) 278-4273 , james.schmitt @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Russell Stamper II , ( 414 ) 278-4201 , russell.stamper @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Anthony Staskunas , ( 414 ) 278-4247 , anthony.staskunas @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor Steve F. Taylor , ( 414 ) 278-4267 , steve.taylor @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Supervisor John Weishan Jr. , ( 414 ) 278-4255 , john.weishan @ milwaukeecountywi.gov
Corbett approved grant for Sandusky charity
$ 3M OK 'd despite abuse investigation
Gov . Tom Corbett this summer approved a $ 3 million state grant to The Second Mile , the charity founded by suspected child molester Jerry Sandusky , despite knowing about the sex abuse investigation that later resulted in charges against Mr. Sandusky .
The grant is now on hold , said Mr. Corbett 's spokesperson , Eric Shirk .
The grant would have helped pay for the first phase of the `` Center for Excellence '' at The Second Mile , which Mr. Sandusky , a former Penn State University assistant football coach , founded in 1977 to work with troubled children .
The center was a grand dream of Mr. Sandusky 's that they said would offer `` a sense of [ permanence ] and a place for our kids to call 'home . ' `` It would have classrooms , a gym , athletic fields and dormitory space .
THE SANDUSKY CASE THE SANDUSKY CASE » See the PG 's coverage
According to correspondence from Mr. Corbett 's budget secretary , Charles B. Zogby , the $ 3 million was first budgeted by the Legislature in 2010 and approved for release by former Gov . Ed Rendell a year ago .
A grant agreement was not completed before Mr. Corbett took office in January , and the administration decided to review that and other grants that were pending in the state 's Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program , Mr. Zogby wrote .
`` The Office of the Budget has completed its review of The Second Mile Learning Center project and I am pleased to inform you that Governor Corbett has approved the Commonwealth 's commitment of $ 3,000,000 in RACP funding for this project , '' they wrote in a July 20 letter to Jack Raykovitz , Second Mile CEO until they resigned Monday .
Mr. Corbett as attorney general supervised an investigation that began in 2008 when a 15-year-old Clinton County boy came forward with complaints that Mr. Sandusky had sexually abused him . The governor spoke about the case in a live radio interview on Tuesday but was not questioned about the grant . They could not be reached to comment about it later .
Solidarity Rallies at all eight of Senator Chuck Schumer 's Offices as New Yorkers from Across the State Call for a Halt to Spectra 's AIM pipeline
by ResistAIM
New York City – Today at 9:00 AM , New Yorkers rallied to demand action from Senator Charles Schumer to stop the construction of a high pressure , fracked-gas pipeline that poses a major threat to more than 20 million people . Two hundred and fifty people gathered and heard from health professionals , indigenous leaders and residents of the Hudson Valley where the pipeline is being built . Fifteen people were arrested after refusing to leave unless Senator Schumer took action . Allied organizations held solidarity actions at Senator Schumer 's offices in Peekskill , Rochester , Binghamton , Albany , Long Island , Buffalo , Syracuse , and Washington DC . Groups in Massachusetts , where the pipeline is also being built , gathered to pressure Senators Markey and Warren .
Several groups read a statement from Courtney Williams , a Peekskill resident whose home and children 's school is in the blast radius of the pipeline . “ Senator Schumer , I speak on behalf of the HUNDREDS of people at every one of your offices in New York and the millions threatened by this pipeline : You must stop making excuses for your inaction . Spectra 's AIM Pipeline is a human-made and entirely avoidable disaster in the making and YOU have the power to stop it ! ” Leigha Eyster , a born-and-raised resident of Yorktown Heights where another section of the pipeline is being built , was present at the rally as well : “ I 'm here to take a stand against the AIM Pipeline project . It 's a great risk to my community and to New York City as well . We 're here because we need Senator Schumer to act . We need them to go to FERC Commissioner Norman Bay , we need them to go to President Obama , and we need to see action , not just words . ”
Spectra Energy 's AIM project is a 42 ” gas pipeline that is only 105 feet from Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant 's safety infrastructure and 400 feet from an elementary school . The pipeline would bring fracked gas from Pennsylvania to New England , despite a report from the Massachusetts Attorney General that shows no need for this gas . Pipelines are prone to accidents ; according to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration ( PHMSA ) , there were roughly six pipeline incidents every week in the United States in 2015 , and the number of pipeline incidents is increasing with newer pipelines . Spectra 's AIM Pipeline poses a serious threat to public health and safety , not only to those who live in the immediate area , but to all New Yorkers . As Peekskill resident Nancy Vann said , “ There is simply no safe way to put this pipeline into operation next to Indian Point . ”
Furthermore , this project locks us into more fossil fuel use at a time when we must move toward renewable energy for the sake of our climate . Senator Schumer has filed their opposition to this project with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) , but FERC still has not halted construction . Resist Spectra and allies from across the state are demanding that Senator Schumer go to President Obama , go to FERC Chairperson Norman Bay , and ask their colleagues in the Senate to oppose this project . They are also demanding that Schumer meet with Senators in other states and conduct a press conference demanding that FERC issue a “ stop work ” order NOW .
Peekskill is not the only part of the state that is being overrun by fracked gas infrastructure . Rallies in other parts of the state called on the Senator to be a voice for those who have been shut out of the process , and for communities where gas projects are being built against the communities ' wishes . “ The Spectra Pipeline Project must be stopped if our children are to inherit a planet with clean water , clean air , and a livable climate , ” said Renee Scholz from Mothers Out Front in Rochester . “ I live in Rochester and recognize that this is an emergency not only for the 20 million people within the evacuation zone , but also for our state , country and planet . Senator Schumer is in a position to demand FERC issue a stop work order permit so this project is halted immediately , and I beg them to do so , now , before it is too late . ”
In Binghampton , Lisa Marshall from Mothers Out Front spoke at a solidarity rally . “ As a scientist and as a mom , I have no choice but to get on my knees and beg Senator Schumer to stop this project. ” Diane Folk from Corning , NY , agreed : “ As a mother , grandmother and great-grandmother , I have to take a stand to improve the environment of our nation . ”
In Buffalo , 35 people gathered at Senator Schumer 's Buffalo office , where David Reilly Ph.D Professor at Niagara University spoke . “ We—the people—need to learn from Standing Rock . We need to reject the impulse to push our risks to another neighborhood , to another location . We need to say NO to the idea that these fossil fuels should ever leave the ground . We need to be unified in our message—from the Spectra opposition to the Northern Access Pipeline to the Dakota Pipeline—that we refuse to give in to the pressure from fossil fuel industries . ”
In Peekskill , 40 people gathered , sang and rallied outside Schumer 's Peekskill office , where Erik Lindberg of Peekskill spoke . “ Senator Schumer has never held a press conference on this issue that threatens millions of their constituents . This is a man who has held press conferences and introduced legislation on everything from dish detergent pods to powdered caffeine to robo calls interrupting family dinner . Yet , they have never had a press conference on the risks of the AIM pipeline . ”
“ We fought Kinder Morgan 's pipeline that was slated to cross Rensselaer and Albany counties – and we won . Now we are supporting other New York communities that are fighting pipelines . Our climate demands that we take action . Senator Schumer , we need to you to take immediate action to stop the Spectra AIM Pipeline , ” said Ruth Foster , member of Stop NY Fracked Gas Pipeline , a group from the Capital Region that held a rally in Albany .
Andra Leimanis spoke in Syracuse : “ We ask that Senator Schumer step up their opposition to the Spectra AIM Pipeline before it 's too late . It 's time to GO BIG : call President Obama , hold press conferences alongside others in congress who have constituents endangered by FERC 's reckless pipeline approvals . Building more pipelines when we need to be rapidly reducing the amount of carbon and methane released into the atmosphere is dangerous . Building a pipeline next to an aging nuclear facility is insanity . ”
Concerned New Yorkers gathered at Schumer 's Long Island office in Melville as well . “ Schumer has spoken out against this pipeline and has written a letter to FERC but we need more action . We need them to actually stop this . They keep telling us that he 's done what they can but that 's not acceptable . They need to do more . It 's ridiculous to think otherwise. ” Kevin O'Keeffe , Long Island resident involved in stopping the Port Ambrose LNG facility in 2015 .
Finally , allies in Massachusetts rallied at the offices of Senator Warren and Senator Markey . “ We here in Central Mass opposing the Northeast Access project know it 's time to join together across pipeline projects to say no to these projects that hurt local communities and us all while making money for the fossil fuel industry ” said Michelle Wenderlich , local organizer for Food & Water Watch .
The people have spoken . The time is NOW for Senator Chuck Schumer to lead on this issue to protect all New Yorkers .
Guess who has another Apple scoop ? Tinhte , the upstarts from Vietnam have first pics of the mythical iPod touch with a camera . The `` DVT-1 '' stamp on the back makes it clear that this is an early design verification test unit in the evolution of product testing . In other words , this might not be the final design whenever Apple chooses to announce it , say , on June 7th . A check of the device 's serial number identifies a late 2009 third generation iPod touch -- could be that this device was one of those eBay prototypes that never made it to production for whatever reason The Foxconn manufactured device is also running the same base diagnostic utility that we 've seen before ( who could forget that `` serial number '' icon ) . The Foxconn label appears to indicate a 64GB model ( `` 64G '' using a pair of Samsung 32GB Flash modules presumably ) in addition to a 2 megapixel , backside illuminated sensor manufactured by Omnivision ( part OV2665-6s ) . Video after the break .
BARCELONA , Spain ( Reuters ) - Spanish police searched on Sunday for the man behind the wheel in the Barcelona van attack that killed 13 people , amid growing signs members of the militant group had connections elsewhere in Europe .
Police said security operations were under way in Catalonia and on the French border as they searched Moroccan-born Younes Abouyaaqoub , 22 , the only one of 12 suspects still at large who they believe may have crossed into France .
Others implicated in the attack have been arrested , shot by police or killed in an explosion at a house in Catalonia a day before Thursday 's van attack on Las Ramblas , Barcelona 's most famous boulevard .
“ We do n't have any specific information on this but it can not be ruled out , ” Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero told a news conference in Barcelona when asked if Abouyaaqoub could have crossed into France .
Spanish media say authorities believe Abouyaaqoub drove the van through crowds of tourists and locals walking along Las Ramblas , leaving a trail of dead and 120 injured . Trapero said they could not confirm who was behind the wheel .
Hours after the Barcelona attack , police shot dead five men wearing fake explosive belts in the resort of Cambrils , further down the coast , after they rammed holidaymakers with a car and stabbed others , killing one woman .
A seven-year-old British-Australian boy , Julian Cadman , was confirmed on Sunday as one of 13 killed in the Barcelona attack .
Family members told Reuters on Sunday that Abouyaaqoub had begun showing more religiously conservative behaviour within the past year , and refused to shake hands with women during a visit to their birthplace in Morocco in March .
They expressed shock and anger after discovering the alleged involvement in the Barcelona attack of Abouyaaqoub , their brother and two cousins , all originally from the small Moroccan town of Mrirt .
Hannou Ghanimi , Abouyaaqoub 's mother , told reporters in Catalonia on Saturday they wanted their son to give themselves up to police , saying they would rather see them in prison than end up dead .
INTERNATIONAL DIMENSION
Evidence emerged on Sunday that alleged members of the Catalan cell travelled to other European countries .
Hans Bonte , mayor of the Belgian town of Vilvoorde , near Brussels , told VRT television that Abdelbaki Es Satty - an imam suspected of being part of the group - was in Belgium last year looking for work .
Belgium has suffered a number of Islamist attacks and Vilvoorde has been a centre of Islamic radicalism .
People gather at an impromptu memorial where a van crashed into pedestrians at Las Ramblas in Barcelona , Spain , August 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Susana Vera
“ We know for sure that they spent time here between January 2016 and March 2016 , in Diegem , Vilvoorde and Brussels . Our local police services screened them intensely , ” Bonte said .
“ It did not appear that on a federal level ... there was any worrying information , ” they added .
The Audi used in the Cambrils attack was caught speeding on camera about a week earlier in Paris , Le Parisien newspaper reported on Sunday . Spanish media say the Audi belonged to Mohammed Aalla , who was arrested after the Barcelona attack .
A Swiss newspaper , Tages-Anzeiger , reported that authorities there were investigating a visit made to Zurich last December by at least one of the Barcelona suspects .
Four people have been arrested so far in connection with the attacks - three Moroccans and a citizen of Spain 's North African enclave of Melilla .
Islamic State said the perpetrators had been responding to its call to target countries involved in a U.S.-led coalition against the Sunni militant group .
Police believe the group opted to launch attacks using vehicles when their base in Alcanar , southwest of Barcelona , was destroyed in an explosion on Wednesday .
Police believe that foiled the cell 's plans to carry out one or more large-scale bombings in Barcelona . More than 100 butane gas cylinders were found in the remains of the Alcanar house .
Slideshow ( 15 Images )
Earlier on Sunday Spain 's King Felipe and Queen Letizia , Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa joined Catalan leaders for a memorial service to the victims .
The city 's famous football club , Barcelona FC , meanwhile increased security for its opening league match of the season late on Sunday .
“ It shows that despite what happened the match has to go on , ” said Barcelona fan Fakih Hussein . “ It 's probably even safer than usual now with so much security , ” said Hussein , 47 , who had come with their teenage son .
If French prodigy point guard Frank Ntilikina is on the board when the Knicks are on the clock with the No . 8 pick , do n't be shocked if the pick comes in quickly .
As the countdown to the 2017 NBA Draft continues , rumors are flying surrounding interest between teams and players . According NBA insider Jordan Schultz , the Knicks are `` enamored '' with Ntilikina .
The # Knicks , I 'm told , are enamoured w/18-year-old French PG Frank Ntilikina . He 's 6-5 , 7 ' wingspan per @ DraftExpress . Can shoot it + guard . -- Jordan Schultz ( @ Schultz_Report ) June 7 , 2017
New York has been rumored to like the French star for months , dating back to the start of the draft process .
If the objective of the offseason is to land a point guard with defensive ability , the long , rangy Ntilikina makes sense as the pick . Plus , their game could fit well into the triangle offense -- something paramount to playing for the Knicks as long as Phil Jackson is running the show .
The fact that Schultz mentioned Ntilikina 's shooting ability could be a boon to the Knicks offense from Day 1 . If Ntilikina can excel in the pick-and-roll game with Kristaps Porzingis , a dynamic young duo could begin to form chemistry at Madison Square Garden .
Knicks land 'fit '
The 18-year-old shot 43 percent from three-point range as a professional in Europe during the 2016-17 season . In 70 professional games over the last three years , Ntilikina owns a 40 percent shooting mark from downtown .
The 2017 NBA Draft takes place on June 22 .
Joe Giglio may be reached at jgiglio @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ JoeGiglioSports . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
( CNN ) — When Chuck and Elicia James ventured to their local animal shelter to adopt a dog , they expected to meet a new member of their family . Instead they found themselves reunited with their long lost canine .
The James ' had not seen Reckless , a brown and white terrier-pitbull mix , since they went missing over a year and a half ago during Superstorm Sandy . They had lost their beloved pup after the fence in their Keansburg , New Jersey , home was mangled during the storm , Chuck James told CNN on Friday .
While the family never stopped looking for Reckless , for their 10-year-old daughter 's birthday they decided it was time to move on and adopt a new dog at the Monmouth County SPCA .
To their surprise , the first dog they were introduced to was one named Lucas , who had a striking resemblance to their former pup .
“ He jumped 3 feet in the air , ” James said . “ He immediately recognized us . And then the tears came — there was n't a dry eye in the place . ”
The James ' confirmed it was their dog based on an uncanny scar on the top of their head .
“ After Sandy , we had so many animals being turned in , ” said Jerry Rosenthal , president and CEO of the animal shelter . Rosenthal told CNN that 3-year-old Reckless ended up at the shelter last November after an employee found them on the streets .
Rosenthal believes Reckless was taken in by another family for a period of time before they once again got loose .
Rosenthal said the James ' story really emphasizes the importance of getting your pet microchipped . Microchipping is a process in which an animal is implanted with a rice-sized chip that is used to identify them or them
“ If Reckless had been microchipped , we could have reunited them with their family much sooner , ” they said .
“ We love happy endings . I always tell people our goal is to prevent animals from coming into the shelter except when we can get them back to their original owners , ” Rosenthal said .
The James family is still displaced from their home after it was destroyed by Sandy . They are currently residing at a local hotel with Reckless after the hotel happily allowed them to stay .
The James ' 10-year-old daughter was absolutely ecstatic with Reckless ' return and the two have been inseparable since , Chuck James told CNN while on a family weekend camping trip .
“ The only thing I can say now is I am finally on a vacation with all the members of our family again , ” said James .
LEAVENWORTH — Leavenworth County commissioners at their meeting Monday morning said they no longer are prepared to issue a key set of bonds for a controversial meatpacking plant proposed for a site south of Tonganoxie .
On a 2-1 vote , the County Commission rescinded a previous “ resolution of intent ” to issue $ 500 million in industrial revenue bonds as part of a plan by Tyson Foods Inc. to build a chicken-processing facility south of Tonganoxie . The bonds are a key part of the project because they would make the facility eligible for an 80 percent property tax abatement for 10 years .
A Tyson spokesperson said the company was disappointed by the vote and is considering its options .
“ We 're disappointed by the commission 's reversal on revenue bonds , ” said Worth Sparkman , a spokesperson for Tyson . “ The commission 's prior approval was part of state and local efforts to persuade Tyson Foods to locate in Leavenworth County . It was one of the factors we considered when determining where to locate our new poultry complex . We 're evaluating our options in light of today 's vote . ”
Whether the County Commission 's latest vote holds , though , is up in the air . Clyde Graeber , one of the three members on the Leavenworth County Commission announced their pending resignation from the commission for health reasons . Gov . Sam Brownback , who is a supporter of the Tyson plant , will play a role in the appointment of a new commissioner . With the commission split 2-1 on the Tyson issue , that means there could be a new majority on the commission following the appointment .
Graeber was one of the two commissioners who voted to rescind the bond resolution . Commissioner Robert Holland was the one dissenting vote .
The resolution originally passed at the commission 's Aug. 31 meeting by a 3-0 vote . The resolution was to benefit Binswager Advisory Services , which the public later learned was Tyson after a disclosure ban was lifted . The Arkansas-based company announced Sept. 5 in Tonganoxie that it planned to build a massive $ 320 million chicken-processing plant on two properties totaling more than 300 acres about a mile north of the Tonganoxie/Eudora Interchange on Interstate 70 . The site is about 10 miles from Lawrence .
County commissioners were advised that they could still legally back out of the bond issuance . Interim County Counselor David Van Parys said that , to their knowledge , there was no binding contract with Tyson .
“ With respect to Tyson having any claim against the county , I 'm not aware of any , ” VanParys said .
There also were conditional contracts with Atmos Energy and Suburban Water for more than $ 7.3 million for aid-in construction that the companies would reimburse . That agreement was to extend utilities to the unincorporated areas where Tyson planned to develop .
Where the project now stands is uncertain . County commissioners could take up the issue of the bonds at another time , or Tyson could take other steps to keep the project moving forward in the county .
The county is still awaiting Tyson to file an application with the county 's planning and zoning department to rezone the proposed site for the facility . But that application would need to be filed by Friday to keep the process moving . Otherwise , it could be December before a decision could be made . At Tyson 's Sept. 5 announcement , officials said they hoped to start the project this fall and have the plant running in 2019 .
Commissioner stepping down
Another factor could come into play in the process : a new commissioner .
Graeber , who has represented the Second District for 13 years , announced at the end of Monday 's meeting that Thursday 's commission meeting would be theirs last .
Because of continued heart issues , Graeber is stepping down .
The former Leavenworth City Commission member and state representative said their doctor strongly encouraged them to step down . Graeber said they had another hospital stay last week because of their heart problems . Lymphoma , which had been dormant for two years , also has returned , they said .
“ I did n't see that coming , ” said fellow Commissioner Doug Smith , who was elected this past November . “ I would feel sorry for who 's going to have to fill them shoes , commissioner .
“ I 'm glad I got to serve with a statesman like Clyde Graeber . ”
Holland got up to shake hands with Graeber and thank them for their time on the board .
An emotional Graeber fought back tears as the audience in the chamber gave them a standing ovation .
County Clerk Janet Klasinski said the precinct committee members from the Republican Party would appoint Graeber 's replacement . Per state statute , the governor would then make the final appointment .
The new appointment potentially will be a swing vote on the Tyson issue .
Brownback helped make the Tyson announcement earlier this month . They touted the project , which is expected to employ 1,600 people and inject $ 150 million into the Kansas economy annually .
Brownback 's office responded to Monday 's decision by noting that local government is a process .
“ From the beginning , Gov . Brownback encouraged people to speak up at their forums and with their community leaders , ” said Rachel Whitten , press secretary to Brownback . “ This is a process . Local leaders and citizens have to work out the best solutions for the future of Leavenworth County . ”
Kevin Doel , spokesperson for the Kansas Department of Commerce , declined comment because it was a local issue .
But Heather Lansdowne , spokesperson for the Kansas Department of Agriculture , said efforts still are ongoing for the local proposal .
“ Plans continue to move forward to make Leavenworth County a successful home for Tyson Foods , ” Lansdowne said . “ Although questions still exist , strong efforts are being made to address those concerns . ”
Put it to a vote
Local legislators encouraged local residents during Friday 's town hall meeting at Tonganoxie 's Chieftain Park to push the Tyson debate to a ballot .
Klasinski said Monday that such a vote could happen , but that it would be an advisory vote . Though it would tell elected officials the community 's stance on a position , it would have no legal bearing on the process , Klasinski said .
They said a countywide mail ballot likely would be the best route and most efficient financially . They estimated it would cost $ 30,000 to conduct such an election .
Citizens Against Project Sunset formed amid Tyson 's announcement about two weeks ago . The group has created shirts , signs and bumper stickers advocating against the proposed plant with the slogan “ No Tyson In Tongie . ”
Earlier in Monday 's meeting , before Graeber 's announcement , audience members grilled Robert Holland about their nay vote .
Robert Holland , who toured a Tyson plant last week in Tennessee with other local officials , told a Kansas City television station late last week that they favored the plant after touring the Tennessee property .
The commissioner , who serves the northwest portion of the county , said they planned to give a report on their visit at an upcoming meeting . They did n't specify which meeting , but said that it would be an agenda item .
An audience member blasted Robert Holland during the meeting for their position , saying that Tyson put on a “ puppy show ” for the county commissioner and other local officials . The man said they lived near the proposed plant and that their wife had stage 4 cancer . They feared that they could n't be outside because of lower air quality due to the plant .
Graeber interjected .
“ You might not agree with them and I might not agree with him , but I do n't think we should prejudge their action as being evil or bad , ” Graeber said . “ He is trying to represent their people . I know Bob well enough to say that . They are an honest , Christian gentleman . ”
The man responded quickly .
“ I 'm an honest Christian man , too , ” they said . “ But I do n't blow smoke . ”
Sen. Tom Holland , D-Baldwin City , was one of the legislators at Friday 's town hall meeting . They and Reps. Jim Karleskint , R-Tonganoxie , and Willie Dove , R-Bonner Springs , pledged by the end of the meeting to fight the proposed plant .
Sen. Holland weighed in Monday about the County Commission move .
“ To me , an appropriate place for that ( plant ) in Kansas would be where citizens want it . … I 've been very cautious about voicing my own personal concerns about that , ” the senator said in a phone interview . “ I thought from Day 1 , just that whole chicken processing , especially the chicken growing , was just not an appropriate economic force for northeast Kansas . So I personally had real reservations about it . ”
If it the issue somehow makes it to the Legislature , they said they plan to oppose it .
“ Believe me , if somebody in the Legislature and the governor 's office try to push this through at the state level , I 'm going to do everything I can to jump up and down or whatever it takes to derail that effort , ” the senator said . “ The citizens have loudly spoken . They do n't want it in Tongie or Leavenworth County . Tyson needs to look elsewhere , and the Legislature needs to butt out . ”
— Journal-World reporter Peter Hancock contributed to this report .
D
onald Trump signaled a new approach to the state of Israel even before they were sworn in . Despite their campaign rhetoric about being “ even-handed ” in pursuit of what they called “ a great real-estate deal ” between Israel and the Palestinians , they tilted toward the Jewish state both in their choice of ambassador and in breaking with the Obama administration 's hostile fixation on Israel 's West Bank settlements .
The sympathy Mr. Trump has shown for Israel may reflect long-standing respect for the Jewish state and the influence of Trump 's personal relations with strong friends of Israel . But it appears to reflect something more than that . In the year since their “ even-handed ” comment , they seem to have gained insight about the Palestinians ' leadership . In particular , they say he 's “ seen ” how they use their official power to promote violent hatred of Israel , especially among their children . “ I think the Palestinians have to get rid of some of that hate that they 're taught from a very young age , ” Trump said on February 15 . “ They 're taught tremendous hate . I 've seen what they 're taught . . . . It starts at a very young age and it starts in the schoolroom . ”
It does indeed . The Palestinian Authority promotes violence against Israel . Officials do it in public speeches . PA-run television and radio make it a theme , as do the curricula and textbooks of PA schools . The incitement is so unrelenting that it 's drawn criticism even from supporters of the PA , such as President Obama—and , remarkably enough , from the United Nations Security Council.1
Incitement , however , is only part of the picture . Palestinian officials do n't rely only on words . To spur knifings , car-rammings , and the like , they use an apparatus of cash incentives . The PA has enacted legislation and created bureaucracies to ensure financial rewards for perpetrators of anti-Israel attacks . Payment amounts correlate to the number of people the terrorists manage to victimize . It 's a system that not only foments violence but also makes terrorism a lucrative career choice for young Palestinians .
Critics have labeled this system “ pay for slay. ” It has received little public attention—far less than the incitement issue . But it deserves more , especially because U.S. taxpayers help fund the blood payments . The U.S. government averages $ 400 million in annual aid to the PA , and those aid dollars are fungible .
The pay-for-slay system is neither secret nor private . Rather , it is open and official . And it 's not the work of Hamas , which governs Gaza and which the U.S. government categorizes as extremist and a terrorist organization . It 's the work of the PA , generally described as nonviolent and committed to peace.2
Created under the 1993 Oslo Accords between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) , the PA serves as the government of the Palestinian-administered territory in the West Bank . It was originally intended to exercise authority in both the West Bank and Gaza , but Hamas , the Muslim Brotherhood 's branch in Palestine , violently expelled it from Gaza in 2007 and now administers Gaza itself .
Within the PA , the predominant political organization is the PLO . Mahmoud Abbas , the PLO 's chairperson , was elected PA president in January 2005 for a four-year term . Though that term expired long ago , the PA has n't held a more recent presidential election ; Abbas remains president .
The PA 's relationship with the Israeli government is a bundle of contradictions . Israel recognizes the PA as the Palestinians ' political leadership . Israel collects taxes for it and turns revenues over to it . Security forces of Israel and the PA cooperate against some terrorists who threaten common interests . Abbas says they oppose widespread violence of the type that occurred during the First and Second Intifadas ( 1987–1993 and 2000–2005 ) and their security forces work with Israelis to prevent the outbreak of a new intifada.3
At the same time , however , the PA stokes hatred of Israel ( and of Jews ) , urges anti-Israel attacks , and rewards terrorists . In other words , the PA encourages small-scale terrorism but cooperates with Israeli authorities to prevent larger-scale terrorism . The Israeli government finds itself in a mind-boggling twilight zone , partly of its own making . Its officials complain vehemently about incitement , but they 've never tried to shut the PA down .
L
egalism is a trait common among authoritarians . Nondemocratic societies lack rule of law , but they generally do n't lack laws . Their laws , in fact , tell us a lot about them . In the case of “ pay for slay , ” the relevant legislation is the PA 's “ Amended Palestinian Prisoners Law No . 19 ( 2004 ) . ”
It guarantees “ a dignified life ” to anyone Israel has imprisoned “ for their participation in the struggle against the occupation. ” That is , it promises benefits to anyone caught for knifing , shooting , running over , or bombing people in Israel . The law lauds current and former terrorist prisoners as “ a fighting sector and an integral part of the fabric of the Arab Palestinian society . ”
Articles 5 and 8 apply to terrorists released from Israeli prisons . Those who served a year or more are exempted from
a. tuition fees at government schools and universities .
b. health insurance payments .
c. tuition fees for all professional training programs offered by the relevant official bodies .
Some released prisoners work as PA civil servants . For each of these , prison time served is accounted for as if it had been civil-service work : The law says the PA “ shall pay their social security and pension fees . . . for the years they spent in prison . ”
Articles 6 and 7 apply to terrorists still incarcerated . “ Every incarcerated prisoner ” is entitled to a monthly salary “ linked to the cost-of-living index. ” A portion thereof goes directly to the prisoner 's family .
To provide for the families of dead terrorists , the PA created the Institution for the Care for the Families of the Martyrs . Its allocation was $ 175 million in 2016 .
In 2013 , the PA amended the law to promise employment to released prisoners , giving them “ priority in annual job placements in all State institutions. ” If employment is unavailable for qualified prisoners , the amendment entitles them to a monthly salary , disability payments , and death benefits payable to their families .
The State , it says , “ will make up the difference ” if the salary of a released prisoner working as a civil servant “ is lower than the salary they received in prison. ” The PA pays monthly salaries to terrorists for life if they are men released from prison after five or more years or women after two or more years . Prisoners who served relatively short sentences are not entitled to employment ; they get unemployment benefits for their periods of incarceration . Every prisoner who did time for at least a year , however , “ is entitled to a one-time release grant . ”
The law guarantees a “ salaried position in a State institution ” to any male ex-prisoner incarcerated for 10 or more years , and any female who served five years . The positions for such prisoners are high-ranking and highly paid , ensuring not only that long-incarcerated terrorists are financially comfortable but that they dominate the PA 's various bureaucracies . The PA has organized itself not only to be for terrorists , but also of and by terrorists .
These benefits now apply also “ to members of PLO factions arrested outside of Palestine for participating in the struggle for the independence and liberation of Palestine. ” Bonuses are paid if the terrorists are Israeli Arabs or Arab residents of Jerusalem .
The PA created the Prisoners and Released Prisoners Ministry to administer this program of support . The ministry received a PA budget allocation of $ 118 million in 2014 and $ 140 million in 2016.4 To provide for the families of dead terrorists , the PA created the Institution for the Care for the Families of the Martyrs . Its allocation was $ 163 million in 2014 and $ 175 million in 2016.5
These are enormous numbers , given that the PA annual budget totals approximately $ 4.4 billion . They reflect the generous size of the PA 's individual payments . Salaries start at $ 400 per month for terrorists incarcerated for up to three years . They rise to $ 570 for those in for three to five years , and $ 1,142 for five to 10 years . For those serving more than 30 years , the salary is $ 3,429 . That 's per month . And this is a society in which the gross national product per capita amounts to $ 258 per month .
One-time grants to released prisoners start at $ 1,500 for terrorists who served one to three years and rise to $ 6,000 for those with 11-to-15-year terms and $ 25,000 for those over 30 years .
Monthly payments to families of dead terrorists are commensurately ample .
All of these payments increase according to the length of incarceration , which roughly correlates to the number of people that the terrorist killed or harmed . So the more victims in Israel , the more money the PA pays to the terrorist.6
W
hat do we learn from this legal and bureaucratic apparatus to reward Palestinian terrorism ?
The knifings and car-rammings that have characterized Palestinian terror emanating from the West Bank over the past two years are often described in the West as spontaneous signs of exasperation of Palestinians faced with oppressive Israeli occupation policies . But the official system of rewards for terrorism calls that into question . If exasperation were so potent a motivation , why would the PA have to offer such rich financial incentives to spur its people to violence ?
Commonly described as peace-seeking and opposed to violence , the PA appears to contrast favorably with Hamas . But no one paying attention can honestly say that the PA opposes the murder of ordinary Israelis going about their business on the streets . In fact , the PA exerts itself to cause such murder , though it works to calibrate the violence . It blocks West Bank–based attacks by its Palestinian political opponents and works to head off devastating Israeli retaliation . It has been successful on both counts for the last dozen years .
The theme of PA propaganda is that the only way ultimately for the Palestinian people to maintain their honor and achieve justice is to drive the Jews violently off the land . Hence the praise of terrorists as heroes and martyrs , the naming of streets and public squares after Palestinians who have murdered Israelis in pizzerias and at bus stops , the school pageants at which small children are praised for saying they want to grow up to be killers of the Jewish “ occupiers , ” the laws promising large financial rewards for terrorism , and the ministries and other institutions that exist to pay terrorists .
Congressional hearings in 2014 brought to light the PA 's payments to imprisoned terrorists and their families . In 2015 , Congress passed a law to reduce U.S. aid to the PA by one dollar for every dollar “ expended by the Palestinian Authority as payments for acts of terrorism. ” The Congressional Research Service reports that the State Department submitted a classified report to Congress on how much it reduced U.S. aid to the PA and how it determined the number .
To minimize the reduction in aid , the PA appears to have organized a subterfuge , masking such payments by routing them through the PLO . Congress responded in its aid appropriation act for 2017 by ordering a dollar-for-dollar reduction for all pro-terrorism payments made by either the PA or the PLO .
More and more members of Congress have become aware of the magnitude and formality of the PA program to pay rewards to terrorists . This is in part due to the murder of Taylor Force in March 2016 . Force was a 28-year-old West Point graduate who was visiting the port of Jaffa , a Tel Aviv tourist attraction , when they were set upon . The Congressional Research Service described Force as “ a former U.S. Army officer who served in Afghanistan and Iraq. ” It noted that they were “ stabbed to death by a Palestinian attacker ” while on a “ civilian study program in Israel . ”
New legislation known as the Taylor Force Act has been introduced in the House and Senate . It conditions all Economic Support Funds for the PA on the U.S. secretary of state 's certification that the PA has “ terminated payments for acts of terrorism against the United States and Israeli citizens . ”
T
they Palestinians have had wretched political leadership for a century , since World War I , when Britain ended Turkey 's 400-year ownership of Palestine . Their leaders have chosen the anti-democratic—and losing—side of every major conflict for the last hundred years . They chose the Turks in World War I , the Nazis in World War II , the Soviets in the Cold War , Saddam Hussein in the Gulf War , and the West 's enemies in the War on Terrorism . Most catastrophically for themselves , they chose Israel 's enemies in the Arab–Israeli conflict .
If Palestinian leaders had chosen to become Israel 's partners rather than its enemies , their people could have enjoyed peace and prosperity . Indeed , they could also have had Arab national independence , based on compromise—that is , on willingness to share the land with the State of Israel .
Despite everything—despite the long history of conflict—it remains possible that the Palestinians might someday achieve peace , prosperity , and some kind of national independence . But they 'll never get it if they continue to be dominated by dishonest , corrupt , authoritarian , and violent leaders . They 'll never get it if their leaders are the kind of people who pay rewards to terrorist murderers .
Scottish Labour leader hopeful cites `` reactionary '' past as reason for concern over devolution , in interview with CommonSpace
SCOTTISH LABOUR leadership contender Ken Macintosh has said Scotland 's history as `` a relatively reactionary country '' means that a belief that the devolution of powers would benefit the lives of people in Scotland are a `` dangerous assumption '' .
The Labour MSP for the Eastwood constituency made the comments in an exclusive interview with CommonSpace , where they said that the idea that Holyrood would adopt more progressive policy than Westminster was `` a relatively new assumption , because in the past Scotland has been a relatively reactionary country . ''
`` The more cosmopolitan areas like London and cosmopolitan areas generally would be seen as more liberal , '' they added . `` Scotland was n't seen in that way , so we would be for example more sabbatrian , deep seated problems like sectarianism , anti-gay prejudice , racism , sexism , Scotland was not seen as a sort of beacon of liberal thought on any of these issues when I was being brought up , there were big battles , they were the reasons I 'm in the Labour party . ''
They warned that the assumption that Holyrood would produce more progressive policy on currently reserved matters was `` dangerous '' .
`` It 's based on the assumption that if we devolve powers over anything , welfare , tax and spending that we will automatically take more progressive decisions . Now , that 's a dangerous assumption to make , '' they said .
As an example of the possible dangers they added that Scotland `` might get a reactionary government in 20 years time . ''
Mackintosh , who is contesting for leadership against Lothians MSP Kezia Dugdale , also dismissed the idea that the Scottish party is a `` branch office '' controlled from London .
`` You know the funny thing about this is that I have never thought of the Labour party in Scotland as , how 's the best way to put this , well , as a branch office . That 's never ever crossed my mind .
`` I 've been in the labour party all my life , been in lots of branches of it , never looked over my shoulder to Westminster , '' they added .
The claims that the Scottish Labour party has been treated as a branch office by the UK party were first made by former leader Johann Lamont upon their resignation in August 2014 .
Voting for the Scottish party leadership closes on 14 August 2015 . The new leader will be announced on 15 August .
Picture courtesy of Scottish Labour
A total of 167 demonstrators have been injured while protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota , according to a medic on site , as cited by Indigenous Rising Media .
Police are reportedly targeting demonstrators ' heads and legs .
Seven people have been hospitalized for severe head injuries . Three of those injured are reportedly elders of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe .
`` There 's been no signs of violence on the side of the [ water ] protectors . We 've seen some folks being injured ... it really does feel like a warzone , and it does n't feel like we 're in America in 2016 , '' a protester told Indigenous Rising Media , calling the situation `` very scary . ''
The reported injuries come as North Dakota police continue to deploy tear gas , rubber bullets , mace , and water cannon against demonstrators protesting the pipeline at the Oceti Sakowin camp .
READ MORE : 400 DAPL protesters ‘ trapped on bridge ' as police fire tear gas , water cannon ( VIDEO )
The authorities have blockaded protesters on a bridge at Highway 1806 and forced them to endure tear gas , according to Kevin Gilbertt , who has been broadcasting the protests live on Facebook .
“ The options are endured the tear gas or trample each other , ” they said .
Gilbertt has reported that the demonstrators are peaceful and unarmed , but a statement from Morton County , North Dakota , where the protest is taking place , describes them as “ very aggressive , ” claiming that they have attempted to start multiple fires at the scene .
However , a witness told Gilbertt that the fires were actually started by police projectiles .
Paramedics from Standing Rock EMT continue to remain at the scene , according to the report .
Representative Randy Neugebauer , a conservative Republican from Texas , revealed on Monday that they were the lawmaker who shouted “ baby killer ” on the House floor Sunday night as Representative Bart Stupak , a Michigan Democrat , discussed abortion-related aspects of the health care legislation .
In a statement , Mr. Neugebauer , a third-term member of the House from Lubbock , said they were caught up in the passions of the moment and was not referring to Mr. Stupak personally but the health care measure itself .
“ In the heat and emotion of the debate , I exclaimed the phrase ‘ it 's a baby killer ' in reference to the agreement reached by the Democratic leadership , ” Mr. Neugebauer said . “ While I remain heartbroken over the passage of this bill and the tragic consequences it will have for the unborn , I deeply regret that my actions were mistakenly interpreted as a direct reference to Congressman Stupak himself . ”
Mr. Neugebauer said they had apologized to Mr. Stupak and regretted their outburst . “ The House chamber is a place of decorum and respect , ” they said . “ The timing and tone of my comment last night was inappropriate . ”
The comment came at the end of a tense weekend that saw protesters yell racial and sexual slurs at Democratic lawmakers outside the Capitol , but Mr. Neugebauer 's charged comment was on the floor itself .
They were angry over a White House pledge to issue an executive order prohibiting the use of federal dollars to pay for abortions under the legislation , an agreement that won the support of anti-abortion Democrats like Mr. Stupak and allowed passage of the measure .
As Sunday 's exhausting day-long session ended about midnight , lawmakers who were aware of who had shouted during Mr. Stupak 's remarks would not identify him .
Advocates of legalizing marijuana for recreational use may be closing in on their first statewide victory . Voter initiatives that would legalize up to an ounce of pot will be on the ballot in three states in November : Oregon , Colorado and Washington State . Polling shows the measures leading in Washington and Colorado with at least 50 percent support .
“ If Washington or Colorado wins in November , and both of them have a good chance to do so , it is going to be transformative in the way we think about marijuana policy in this country and even outside , ” says longtime legalization advocate Ethan Nadelmann of the Drug Policy Alliance .
There 's little organized opposition in Washington State . Interestingly , many of those who have spoken publicly against legalization are in the medical marijuana community . While some worry about pot dispensaries being put out of business , others fear new DUI laws that could make it illegal to be driving with even a trace of THC in one 's system .
Still , opponents have raised only $ 6,000 compared to supporters , who have collected more than $ 4 million . The single biggest contributor has been Peter Lewis , the chairperson of Progressive Insurance and a mega donor to liberal causes . They have given $ 1.6 million to the New Approach Washington campaign .
To combat the cash imbalance , nine former heads of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder urging them to speak out against legalization . There 's been no response .
More On This ... Bliss and hell of American expat addicted to an ancient drug , and a bygone Asia
President Obama and their drug czar Gil Kerlikowski also have been mum even though the government 's website is full of warnings . The Office of National Drug Control Policy quotes a study that found 1 in 6 kids who try marijuana is at risk of developing a drug addiction in their life . Also , the most recent National Survey on Drug Use and Health finds marijuana use among teenagers up sharply to almost 17 million , a 7-year high . More than 6 percent of high school seniors said they smoked pot daily .
President George Bush 's drug czar , John Walters , ca n't understand why President Obama is not using their bully pulpit .
“ I think it 's shocking that Attorney General Holder , the Director Kerlikowski , but most of all the president of the United States , ca n't talk about this , ” says Walters . “ It 's about health , it 's about safety , it 's about the future of the country . ”
Meantime , Initiative 502 in Washington State keeps racking up endorsements . Most elected leaders in Seattle support the measure , including the current sheriff and their opponent in the upcoming election . Former U.S. Attorney John McKay is one of its sponsors . But the most stunning endorsement came from the Children 's Alliance , an umbrella organization for 100 child welfare groups .
Jon Gould , Deputy Director of the Children 's Alliance , says marijuana laws are being enforced unevenly and that hurts minorities and the poor .
“ If those kids ' parents are shut out of housing , shut out of employment , shut out of education opportunities , we 're not helping those kids , ” says Gould .
Legalization opponents argue very few people are locked up for marijuana possession . A survey by the Bureau of Justice Statistics showed that .07 % of all state inmates were busted for marijuana possession only .
“ We need to understand that drugs and gangs go hand in hand , ” says Paul Chabot , who advised Presidents Clinton and Bush on drug policy . “ They destroy communities . What we have to do is work keeping people off this stuff , not liberalizing policies . ”
Legal or not , young people would still be barred from smoking pot . And critics argue more kids would try it , something the administration has always been against . But so far this election year , instead of using the power of the office , that message has gone up in smoke .
You can never have too much Dropbox space , and now for a special beta period you can grab some additional free space while Dropbox is testing their automatic photo and video uploading feature . In exchange for trying their experimental build , you can get up to 4.5GB of extra space for free .
Experimental Dropbox build 1.3.12 imports photos and videos automatically from cameras , phones , and SD cards and batch uploads and downloads files . The forum post on Dropbox says :
During this beta period , we are also offering additional free space to test automatic uploading of photos and videos . For every 500MB of photos and videos automatically uploaded , you 'll receive another 500MB space bonus , up to 4.5GB total .
Advertisement
The downloads for Windows and Mac are only available from the forum post . Note that you 're also strongly advised to make a backup of what 's in your Dropbox before upgrading to this build ( emphasis on the `` experimental '' wording ) . When I installed the client , the software automatically detected my SD card and started uploading the photos , which it put into a new `` Camera Uploads '' folder and my account had the extra 500MB automatically added . Sweet . Now to find some more photos and videos to add ...
If you 're looking for even more ways to increase your Dropbox storage capacity , there 's always our cheapskate 's guide to getting free Dropbox space and the Google Ads method .
Advertisement
Update : It looks like the import feature does n't work on Linux or Mac 10.4 . On Windows , you 'll need to have Autoplay enabled for the feature to work .
Experimental Forum Build 1.3.12 | Dropbox Forum via gHacks
Drew Doughty , on the team 's confidence :
We 're a really confident team . No matter who 's out there on the ice , we 're confident that the job 's going to get done . Obviously some guys have played more than others , but we have full confidence in everyone . We feel like we have a great team here . We 're just going to continue to get better and better . Ca n't relax for any moment even though we have this big lead right now . We have to get a bigger gap there .
Doughty , on younger defensemen assuming more responsibility :
I think Forbs has been great . He 's been playing really well since he 's been in the lineup . Brady 's taking on a bigger role on our team . He 's playing a lot more minutes , playing against the other team 's top guys every single night . I think he 's been playing great . He 's been awesome for me as a partner . I think Muzz has really taken a step this year , too . You maybe do n't notice it through their play , but they kind of controls their own D-pairing whereas before they had me to kind of control that pairing . I think he 's taken a big step and is doing great . From the forwards ' standpoint , a lot of guys are stepping up there , these young guys on the fourth line like Andreoff , Mersch , they 've been playing great . They 're blocking shots , they 're scoring big goals for us . They scored a huge one for us last night , so I 'm really happy with what we 've got going on on our team right now .
On whether there is any different “ feel ” in the room , given the youth :
No , I do n't feel anything different . There are different guys obviously who are speaking up . Everyone always talks about those guys – their leadership and whatnot – and yeah , they were great leaders , but the guys that are leaders this year , they were kind of doing the same things last year , and I do n't know if it went unnoticed , but because you had those veteran guys , they maybe did n't have to do it as much . Yeah , it 's too bad that those guys had to leave , but everyone 's stepped up , and everyone 's getting older and older , and the leadership comes from different guys , and the young guys are learning from then , and they 're going to start being the leaders one day , too .
On whether there is a new challenge with a lead in the division :
Yeah , it is . Obviously this has been our goal , to come in first place in our division every single year , and every year I 've been here , we have n't done it , obviously . Right now we 're being great , but like I said , we ca n't get too comfortable , because right when you get comfortable , that 's when you start going backwards and you start losing games . We like the position we 're in , but we need to keep pushing , keep getting better every single night .
Snake venom is fast evolving as a substitute for cocaine , heroin and other lethal drugs .
Gangs of snake charmers are doubling up as drug peddlers catering to the ever-growing demand for the prized commodity in the black market . And not surprisingly , cobra venom is the most sought after . The syndicate spanning across several states involves people who catch the snake , those who extract the venom and then those who market it .
Such is the nature of the clandestine operation of the syndicate that they not only keep changing their locations but also entertain only those coming through their old customers . After several abortive attempts , Zee Purvaiya , a sister concern of dna , managed to make a dent in the highly secretive syndicate . A deal was struck and the meeting point arranged in the heart of Patna in the Hartali Mor area . After talking to a person on one of the numerous numbers used by the syndicate , a meeting was arranged just in front of the Hanuman temple in the area .
The snake charmer , who identified themselves as Viru , took the Zee Purvaiya team to a desolate stretch after ascertaining the credentials of the team members and cross-checking with the contacts they used to reach the gang . Two people waiting at the spot showed a 5ml vial containing `` freshly procured cobra venom '' .
They demanded Rs11,000 but finally settled for Rs10,000 . When the Zee Purvaiya team questioned the quality of the venom , one of men brought out a King Cobra from inside a jute bag kept under a tree . Another pressed its fangs against a glass container . A drop trickled down , along with some blood . `` If you are not careful with this , you will end up killing yourself , '' Viru said .
So , how is it taken ?
`` Pour a drop of this venom in a glass of water and drink it within five seconds . We have some clients who even use it with bread during breakfast , '' another person said .
The group moves in packs and scales the hilly tracts in eastern Uttar Pradesh , Bihar and Jharkhand to get the deadly snakes . The prized catch is used for shows by snake charmers and it 's venom sold to customers .
`` Why do people buy venom ? ''
`` Nashe ke liye ... jawan baccha sab zyada kharidte hain aajkal ( to get a high ... the demand is maximum from youngsters these days ) , '' Viru said .
The group , originally from Kanpur , stays for three months in Patna and adjoining areas . They are on the move constantly and have in the past gone for home deliveries up to Darbhanga and even parts of West Bengal .
The snake charmer kept hammering the point that the vial they offered us contained the purest cobra venom and it was hot in demand . `` Iske liye to dur dur se log aate hain ... aapko mil gaya kishmat samjho ( people come from far-off places for this . Consider yourself lucky that you got it ) , '' they said .
When the team approached the police , they feigned ignorance . City SP Jayant Kant , however , showed a keen interest in the matter and promised prompt action .
So , what do doctors say ? Dr Harish Shetty , senior psychiatrist at Mumbai 's Dr LH Hiranandani hospital , said : `` Getting snake bite is an old thrill . Most of the snakes used in such a thing is non-poisonous . Using cobra venom and its effects on the body , however , needs to be studied . ''
Dr Anil Ballani , physician at Mumbai 's Lilavati hospital , said : `` Venom is not easily found in market ... It is only available in government hospitals . A little quantity ( half an ampoule ) a day taken to get a high is not harmful . ''
— ( With inputs from Anand Amritraj who conducted a sting operation for Zee Purvaiya , a sister concern of dna )
Published online 1 December 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1266
News : Briefing
US doctors propose expanding the use of HIV tests to slow the spread of infection .
Universal HIV testing could cut infection rates dramatically . Punchstock
More than 33 million people around the world are currently living with HIV and AIDS . Strikingly , many adults with HIV or AIDS — about 80 % in sub-Saharan Africa and 25 % in the United States — do n't know that they are carrying the virus .
In the hope of reducing the inadvertent spread of HIV , the American College of Physicians ( ACP ) is recommending that doctors encourage everyone over the age of 13 to be tested for HIV1 . In a similar vein , World Health Organization ( WHO ) scientists last week reported in the Lancet that a universal testing policy followed by treatment for those that need it would greatly reduce the transmission of HIV2 . Here , Nature News examines the case for scaling up HIV testing .
Why has the ACP proposed these guidelines now ?
Evidence suggests that many patients with HIV carry the infection for several years before they are diagnosed as being HIV positive . In the United States alone , transmission by these patients is estimated to account for at least 20,000 new cases of HIV per year . Studies suggest that testing is cost-effective3,4 and that selective testing of those most at risk — currently recommended by some bodies — fails to identify many HIV-positive patients5 . The ACP has responded by publishing new guidelines for doctors on World AIDS Day .
What does the WHO study say ?
Mathematical models used by WHO scientists suggest that new cases of HIV infection could be slashed by 95 % if everyone aged 15 and over were to be tested annually and given antiretroviral therapy if necessary .
Is the technology in place for global universal testing ?
Rapid tests can provide reliable results of HIV status within minutes , even in the absence of electricity and running water , says Kevin De Cock of the WHO 's HIV and AIDS department in Geneva , Switzerland , and one of the authors of the Lancet article2 . Effective , though perhaps not the best , antiretroviral therapies are available for less than US $ 100 a year .
So what are the objections to universal screening and treatment ?
It would be expensive . Estimates by De Cock and their colleagues suggest the cost would peak at $ 3.4 billion a year in 2015 . But this is no more expensive than current plans to tackle HIV by providing universal access to prevention , care and treatment .
`` Although it would initially be expensive , it not necessarily outside the sort of estimates of resource requirement right now , '' says De Cock . `` In the longer term , the modelling suggests it would actually become cost saving . ''
Ethical considerations must also be taken into account . There are `` potential dangers of infringement of human rights and failure to maintain human dignity '' , De Cock says . This is not an idle concern — a by-law currently under consideration in the Indonesian province of Papua calls for microchips to be implanted in all HIV-positive adults .
Furthermore , `` other approaches to prevention might be weakened by a false assumption that a purely medical approach might solve the AIDS problem , '' says De Cock .
Is it ever likely to happen ?
Only time will tell what impact , if any , the ACP guidelines will have on the spread of HIV in the United States . And the Lancet paper was aimed at stimulating discussion rather than changing the current WHO policy , which recommends different testing procedures for different local circumstances .
But `` appropriate scale-up of HIV testing , with assurance of the protection of rights and voluntary consent , is extremely important , '' De Cock adds . `` We 're all working towards universal access to HIV prevention , treatment and support . You can not get there without people knowing their HIV status . ''
The daughter of a local deputy sheriff will spend the next 50 years in prison after pleading guilty Thursday in a robbery and murder case .
Daughter of sheriff 's deputy sentenced to 50 years in connection with murder
The daughter of a local deputy sheriff will spend the next 50 years in prison after pleading guilty Thursday in a robbery and murder case.Lauren Hudgens , 24 , was one of four arrested for the murder , in which a man 's body was found by the side of Highway 50 near Titusville two years ago . The man had been lured to a motel to be robbed , and was then shot . In court on Thursday , Hudgens , the daughter of a deputy sheriff , admitted they were the one who lured them to their death . `` I agreed to bring Rayshaan Berry to a motel room , '' Hudgens said.The entire scheme , they admitted , was to rob the Berry of their money . They blamed the other suspects for the shooting.Family members described Berry as a family man with two children.Hudgens admitted to robbery and second-degree murder , and the judge said they were giving Hudgens a good deal in sentencing them to 50 years in prison . No one from Hudgens ' family spoke at the hearing .
The daughter of a local deputy sheriff will spend the next 50 years in prison after pleading guilty Thursday in a robbery and murder case .
Lauren Hudgens , 24 , was one of four arrested for the murder , in which a man 's body was found by the side of Highway 50 near Titusville two years ago .
Advertisement
The man had been lured to a motel to be robbed , and was then shot .
In court on Thursday , Hudgens , the daughter of a deputy sheriff , admitted they were the one who lured them to their death .
`` I agreed to bring Rayshaan Berry to a motel room , '' Hudgens said .
The entire scheme , they admitted , was to rob the Berry of their money . They blamed the other suspects for the shooting .
Family members described Berry as a family man with two children .
Hudgens admitted to robbery and second-degree murder , and the judge said they were giving Hudgens a good deal in sentencing them to 50 years in prison .
No one from Hudgens ' family spoke at the hearing .
AlertMe
Weather Snowpack is melting fast , despite April storms It has dwindled faster than experts have seen in nearly four decades , which could upset reservoir management .
Throughout late March and into April , much of the West experienced unseasonably warm days . Then , in late April , temperatures plummeted in Southwest Colorado 's San Juan Mountains and more than 2 feet of wet , heavy spring snow fell . Suddenly , ski boots were out again and for a day or two , it felt like winter was back .
But those storms have only helped a small fraction of the West , with much of the moisture buoying snowpack levels along the Eastern Rockies in Colorado and Wyoming . Meanwhile , the rest of the region is on the opposite trajectory , losing snowpack at record-breaking rates .
At the beginning of April , snowpack levels across the region were “ near normal , ” says Cara McCarthy , deputy director for the National Water and Climate Center in Portland , under the Natural Resource Conservation Service . The season was off to a slow start with sporadic storms in October through December , but January winter precipitation increased levels across all states , according to NRCS SNOTEL sites , which measure snow depth at thousands of stations nationwide . For months , most of the region hung on to above-normal snowpack measurements .
But in just the few short weeks since , that snow is melting faster than climate hydrologists have seen in nearly four decades , bringing the snowpack far below normal in most states in the West .
NRCS , National Water and Climate Center .
For states already struggling with dwindling water , the quick retreat of snowpack may affect how much water resource managers can store in nearby reservoirs . For California , in its fifth year of drought , this season has been a bit of a rollercoaster . In January , snowpack readings increased to 127 percent of normal ( up from 90 percent in December ) — good news for a state where 30 percent of the water supply is dependent on snow .
But now California 's three most crucial basins for the state 's water supply are far below normal : The Northern Sierra is at only 66 percent normal for late April , Central Sierra is at 64 percent of normal and the Southern Sierra is at 49 . “ This should be a bit of a wake-up call for water resource managers , ” McCarthy says .
Temperature has been a major factor in the accelerated melting , although minimal snowfall has also played a role . According to the NRCS and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , much of the Pacific Northwest , California , Idaho and Montana have experienced abnormally high temperatures between the beginning throughout April — in some places departing from historical averages by as much as 10 degrees Fahrenheit . Colorado and parts of New Mexico and Arizona have been more or less normal .
The quickly diminishing snowpack , which acts as a natural water-storage system for Western cities that depend on winter snow for water , portends a more variable future at the whims of a changing climate , says Noah Diffenbaugh , associate professor at Stanford and research at the Woods Institute for the Environment .
“ We find that as warming continues , there 's a robust response of the climate in the West toward more rain and less snow , ” Diffenbaugh says .
Water infrastructure has been built around the assumption that a reasonable quantity of water will remain as snow at higher elevations until the temperature warms . As warming occurs earlier in the season and snowpack diminishes faster , it runs into reservoirs prematurely and resource managers may need to release water to make space available to prevent floods .
According to a 2015 study that Diffenbaugh co-authored , the basins of the arid American West are among the most climate-vulnerable on the globe . The Colorado River Basin , for example , which supplies water to 40 million people in seven states , will likely suffer as snowpack disappears . The Northern and Central California basins , fed partially by the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers , are also vulnerable to climate shifts .
From a water management perspective , the snowpack readings so far this year is troubling , but they may start to feel normal in coming decades . According to the Intergovernmental Panel for Climate Change , the climate is on track to warm 4 degrees Celsius by the end of the century . If that happens , what we consider “ extreme ” now — rapid , early spring snowpack melt — “ will happen more like 40 to 80 percent of the time , ” Diffenbaugh says .
Paige Blankenbuehler is an editorial fellow at High Country News . They tweet @ paigeblank
JW LEAKS has published court documents relating to the removal of the body of elders in the Menlo Park Congregation of Jehovah 's Witnesses ( California , USA ) , the seizing of control of millions of dollars of congregation assets by Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York , and the related RICO Enterprise civil lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase Bank et al .
In 2010 the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York seized control of millions of dollars of prime real estate assets belonging to the Menlo Park Congregation of Jehovah 's Witnesses , California , by forcefully removing the body of elders and dispersing the congregation . Money invested by the congregation was also removed from their bank accounts by Watchtower representatives . Those within the congregation that objected to this were threatened with disfellowshipping . Those congregation members who actually spoke up against the scandal were later disfellowshipped .
Allegations of corruption , collusion , banking fraud , and a “ money laundering scheme ” have since been leveled against the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York , their lawyers , and their bankers .
Included are the most recent court documents dated between June 12 , 2013 and September 23 , 2013 .
| Case : c13-01955 JSW | Case : c12-01372 CRB | Case : cv10-03907 |
< < < GO TO COURT DOCUMENTS PAGE > > >
.
How well does the US justice system work ? Given that many states still carry out the death penalty , it 's a rather significant question .
Some biostatisticians have teamed up with lawyers in an attempt to provide a scientific answer to the question . Based on their figures , at least 4.1 percent of the individuals sentenced to death will eventually be exonerated . Given the high level of scrutiny that capital cases are subjected to , the authors conclude that the percentage of innocents stuck with life sentences is even higher .
The study seems to have been inspired in part by a comment from US Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , who once claimed that US Courts have `` a success rate of 99.973 percent . '' This , the authors say , is ludicrous . `` In fact , the claim is silly , '' they write . `` Scalia 's ratio is derived by taking the number of known exonerations at the time , which were limited almost entirely to a small subset of murder and rape cases , using it as a measure of all false convictions ( known and unknown ) , and dividing it by the number of all felony convictions for all crimes , from drug possession and burglary to car theft and income tax evasion . ''
The vast majority of felony cases do n't end in decisions regarding guilt or innocence . Instead , 93 percent are subject to plea bargains . Of the remainder , most convictions are n't reexamined carefully—appeals tend to focus on technicalities of the case rather than matters of guilt or innocence .
The exception , the authors argue , is death penalty cases . Here , matters of guilt and innocence are examined in detail , often for decades after sentencing . Even though these cases account for less than 0.1 percent of the prison sentences in the US , 12 percent of the individuals who are exonerated after conviction were sentenced to death . So if we 're ever to have an accurate measure of the rates of erroneous convictions , this is the place .
Their study starts with the `` modern '' death penalty era , ushered in by a Supreme Court decision in 1973 . It extends to 2004 . The cutoff comes in part because it takes time—an average of more than 10 years after sentencing—for the evidence to build for exoneration . In fact , one case took 33 years between sentencing and exoneration , meaning that some of the individuals from their study period will almost certainly be exonerated in the future . This means that researcher estimates will err on the low side .
Two other factors also tend to mean that their estimate is going to be low . One is that people on death row die for other reasons , at which point attempts to exonerate them generally stop . Finally , in many cases where there are lingering doubts about guilt , individuals will have their sentences changed to life in prison ( this happens to 36 percent of those sent to death row ) . The rate of exoneration among these individuals plummets compared to those who remain on death row , suggesting that people view the lesser sentence as a victory and stop pushing as hard for a full exoneration .
Even with all these reasons to think their estimate is low , the authors calculate that the cumulative rate of exoneration at 20 years is 4.1 percent . For contrast , over the entire period of their study , 12.6 percent of those on death row were actually executed .
Does this mean we 're probably executing innocent people ? The authors do n't really commit to that conclusion , but they do suggest that instances of this happening will be rare , given the heavy scrutiny and relatively high rate of exonerations . But their finding certainly does mean we are regularly convicting innocent people , in stark contrast to Justice Scalia 's claim .
What the authors do find disturbing is that we accept that our job is done once a person 's sentence is converted to life in prison . Given that these changes are often made because of the possibility of innocence , the authors conclude that far more than 4.1 percent of these individuals are probably innocent . `` Our research adds the disturbing news that most innocent defendants who have been sentenced to death have not been exonerated , '' the authors conclude . `` Many—including the great majority of those who have been resentenced to life in prison—probably never will be . ''
PNAS , 2014 . DOI : 10.1073/pnas.1306417111 ( About DOIs ) .
Turn it up to 011 ! Super-cute Funko POP ! version of Eleven from Stranger Things
Tiny sensory deprivation tank not included
A ThinkGeek / GameStop exclusive
Super-cute Funko POP ! version of Eleven from Stranger Things
Officially-licensed Stranger Things merchandise
merchandise A ThinkGeek / GameStop exclusive
Materials : Vinyl
Dimensions : 3 3/4 '' tall
Mint condition graded packaging can not be guaranteed
WARNING - SMALL PARTS - not intended for children under 3 years of age
How awesome is Eleven ? They use their mind powers to stop an annoying fan , then keeps eating french fries . They make bullies freeze in place and pee themselves . They crush cans ( and abusive orderlies ) with their mind , but leaves an innocent cat alone . Eleven is our friend , and she 's crazy , and we 're all glad she 's on the good side.Celebrate their Eggo waffle loving character with the POP ! Stranger Things Eleven with Electrodes figure . Stylized POP figurine eyes , with the signature electrodes that let you know something strange is about to go down . Tiny sensory deprivation tank not included .
Story highlights Thomas Robinson 's mother died in January 2011 , just weeks after their parents passed
Robinson found support in their Kansas Jayhawks teammates
Their young half-sister lives with their father , but he 'd like to gain custody
Robinson should be a top pick in the NBA Draft
The coach asked their player whose mother had just died was there anyone back home they wanted the university to contact . Any adult who could help make arrangements .
`` Coach , they 're all gone , '' the player said .
Thomas Robinson , a star player who had turned down the chance to go to the NBA , lost their mother and two grandparents in the space of just a month in January 2011 . Now it was just them and their little sister .
They were told their mother , Lisa , had died of a heart attack at 43 . Weeks before it was the grandparents who helped their single mother raise him . Robinson and their 8-year-old half-sister , Jayla , felt so alone . They had grown up together , 12 years apart , in Washington , Thomas the doting big brother .
Robinson 's teammates followed them home for the funeral and the school started an education fund for their sister .
`` My teammates , you know , immediately became my brothers and strongest supporting cast I had , '' Robinson told CNN recently .
But even as the fans who filled the seats at legendary Phog Allen Fieldhouse donated to a cause more worthy than another national championship Robinson realized their daily responsibilities had grown immensely .
Thomas Robinson has found plenty of support on campus at Kansas .
Being a collegiate basketball player is n't easy , even at the big schools where hoops players are the big men on campus , literally and figuratively . Their sport spans two semesters , starting with October practices and culminating in March and April tournaments . They might work out in the morning , go to class , then practice in the afternoon , tend to injuries minor and major and attend study hall at night .
It gets a whole lot harder when you have to worry about your kid sister . They live back home in Washington with their father .
`` For me to feel comfortable the best way to do that was to be able to reach my lifetime dream and doing that will be able to take care of her , '' they said .
Robinson , a 6-foot-10-inch forward , has had a marvelous junior season , averaging nearly 18 points per game and 12 rebounds . They won ESPN.com 's player of the year award . He 's on many All-America teams . He 'll likely be drafted among the top 5 players in April 's draft and sign a contract worth nearly $ 4 million a year .
`` He certainly has had a remarkable year in large part because I think he 's been able to take a terrible situation , tragic , multiple situations and somehow use basketball as their outlet to somehow spin something positive out of it , '' Kansas coach Bill Self said . `` Everybody admires them that comes in touch with them around our camp because I do n't know how many guys could do what he 's done . ''
Robinson , who had 11 points and 13 rebounds in the Jayhawks ' third-round win over Purdue in the NCAA tournament , leads Kansas against N.C. State and its star forward C.J . Leslie tonight on TBS at about 10:15 p.m . ET . If the Jayhawks beat the Wolfpack , the 11th seed in the Midwest Regional , they will face the winner of the North Carolina-Ohio game .
Their teammates have been inspired by Robinson 's play .
`` Some people would kind of , you know , go the opposite way and feel like they do n't have anything to work for now . They kind of had a different approach , like , you know I got to go even harder now , '' said guard Tyshawn Taylor .
Robinson said they went to Self after their mom died and told the coach to treat them the same , to not let any `` excuses '' get in the way .
Self remarked that Robinson 's been able to deal with the constant attention well . People are always coming up to the star player , cheering them on , saying how great he 's doing given the circumstances .
`` He 's done a remarkably great job of balancing a situation that 's really unbalanced , '' Self said .
Robinson remembers their mother in many ways , one of which is a picture they wear around at the end of a chain around their neck , just above their heart .
There is also a tree planted outside the athletic complex on the Kansas campus . At the base of it , Robinson planted a letter to their mom , telling them that their little girl would be taken care of .
They talk to Jayla every day by phone . They told ESPN 's Tom Friend , that soon , after they sign an NBA contract , he 's going to petition for custody .
Then , they will be a family again .
An analysis of # GamerGate tweets found that users of the hashtag have older accounts , are more engaged , less joyful , and suspended less often than the average Twitter user . Researchers released their paper titled “ Measuring # GamerGate : A Tale of Hate , Sexism , and Bullying ” ahead of the Workshop on Computational Methods for CyberSafety in April . While the paper contains few surprises , some of the information is particularly interesting .
Looking at 1.6 million tweets between June and August of 2016 , the researchers found that 340,000 unique users participated in the # GamerGate hashtag . Previously , the only data we had about the number of Gamergate supporters was around 150,000 people collected by Chris von Csefalvay back in late 2014 and early 2015 .
Further , despite the claims by many that Gamergate is mostly filled with sock puppet accounts created specifically to support the movement , this new analysis has found that Gamergate-supporting accounts tend to be older than a random sampling of baseline accounts . The mean age for Gamergate-supporting accounts was 982.94 days , nearly half a year older than random users , which is 834.39 days .
The report also found that Gamergate-supporting accounts are much less likely to be suspended by Twitter for violations of its rules than the average user . While 20 % of the baseline has been suspended , only 9 % of Gamergate-supporting accounts have been . The researchers postulate that this may be due to Twitter catching a large number of spam accounts , but present no evidence to support that claim .
The researchers compared the tweets with the Hatebase open source database and found Gamergate supporters use slightly more hateful words than average . The only significant difference in tweet content was that Gamergate supporters tend to be less joyful , they found . “ This is particularly interesting because it contradicts the narrative that Gamergaters are posting virulent content out of anger . Instead , GG users are less joyful , and this is a subtle but important difference : they are not necessarily angry , but they are apparently not happy . ”
Considering it is a movement of people unhappy with game journalism , censorship , journalism in general , social justice , among many other topics , that makes sense .
The researchers plan to do further research into Gamergate , “ focusing on how it evolved over time . ”
Update : You can find a live stream of me offering my opinions of the paper here .
Police are investigating Sunday after human remains were found in south Minneapolis .
The Minneapolis Police Department says the remains were found near the intersection of 58th and Cedar avenues , near Solomon Park . Police say they responded to a call of a body found at about 10:16 a.m. Sunday . Authorities say they ca n't declare if it 's a man or a woman .
Police say a man was walking their dog and found the body when the dog sniffed it out and alerted the owner . Authorities say the body was found in a wooded area of Solomon Park and the body was partially covered , likely another person . The body was “ partially buried with stuff covering it , ” police said .
The Minneapolis Public Works Department brought in heaters and lights , allowing investigators to work deep into the chilly night .
Blake Huovie was riding their bike near the park when caution tape along the trail forced them to stop their typical route .
“ It 's a little disturbing , ” they said . “ I mean people think of south Minneapolis as a relatively safe place to live . ”
While the scene was n't what neighbors expected to see on their Sunday stroll through the park , they 're also not going to let it scare them from coming back .
“ It does n't leave me concerned overall because I 'm sure they 'll get to the bottom of it , ” neighbor Anne Haan said of the investigation .
The body has not been identified , and the case is under investigation . Anyone with information should call the Minneapolis Police Department at ( 612 ) 692-8477 .
The @ ExNOTWjourno account , which had been threatening to release damning new information about News International , had all but three tweets deleted just after 10am and all of its 20,000 followers were dropped .
Another account , @ NOTWjourno , fell silent earlier this morning and more than 50 tweets were deleted , including a message posted late last night which read : “ FOLLOW FOR THE INSIDE STORY ! -ALL COMES OUT AT 00:00 # NOTW . ”
The earliest tweets on that Twitter feed now talk about the account being abandoned . The account holder is now systematically blocking new followers .
Unless an account is hacked , the only person that can delete Tweets or block followers is the person who holds that Twitter account .
Just before the @ ExNOTWjourno account went quiet the account holder told Telegraph.co.uk “ they are attacking me from all sides ” .
The account holder added that they had been unable to access email for about four hours yesterday , although it is not known whether this was due to practical or technical difficulties .
@ EXNOTWjourno had been promising to release a series of PDFs and evidence of wrongdoing at News of the World at midnight last night but said in one tweet that they had postponed the disclosures following advice from lawyers .
There is also an increasing amount of chatter on Twitter discrediting @ ExNOTWjourno and a third account , @ ExNOTWjourno2 as people pretending to be journalists .
Read the latest on the phone hacking scandal .
Heidi & Hans-Juergen Koch/Minden Pictures/FLPA
When improved pregnancy tests were developed in the 1960s , the advance came with an unexpected side effect : a role in the spread of chytridiomycosis , a lethal fungal disease that has wiped out hundreds of species of frogs .
A study published in PLoS ONE this week tracks the amphibian fungus that causes the disease , Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis , to an important reservoir in the Americas — African clawed frogs ( Xenopus laevis ) 1 . The frogs were used in pregnancy tests until the early 1970s , as it was known that the animals ovulated when exposed to a pregnant woman 's urine . “ My Mom told me they did the frog test , ” says Vance Vredenburg , an amphibian ecologist at San Francisco State University in California who led the latest study . When the test became obsolete , hospitals released the frogs , many of which probably carried the fungus , into the wild .
Although researchers have found B. dendrobatidis in Xenopus frogs in Africa since the 1930s , no one had actually tested for the fungus in escapee Xenopus frogs in North America . Vredenburg and their colleagues tested 23 Xenopus museum samples collected in California between 2001 and 2010 , and found three infected frogs from 2001 and 2003 .
The work supports the idea that humans are responsible for the disease 's spread in North America , by introducing an invasive species that acts as a carrier—unusually , Xenopus frogs do not die after contracting the disease . “ If it were a natural spread , a conservation biologist might say maybe we should do nothing . But this really says we need to not let nature take its course , ” says Vredenburg .
There could have been multiple species and events that spread the disease worldwide , notes Allan Pessier , a pathologist at the Wildlife Disease Laboratories of the San Diego Zoo in California . Detailed genetic fingerprinting would be needed to pin down the exact route , Pessier says .
International trade
Xenopus frogs are still used for research around the world : between 1998 and 2004 , for instance , more than 71,500 of these frogs were exported from Africa as lab animals2 . According to international regulations issued by the World Organisation for Animal Health in Paris , all frogs should be tested for B. dendrobatidis before being shipped as food , lab animals or pets , and infected animals treated or quarantined to help prevent spread [ subs : see ref 2 to support this phrasing ] . But compliance is variable . “ I do n't think the US Department of Agriculture is really enforcing it , ” says Pessier . “ Not all the places shipping even have this capability . ”
Although B. dendrobatidis is already rampant in the wild , the introduction of new strains of the fungus could theoretically produce more virulent diseases . “ That 's a big unknown , ” says Pessier . They are in favour of captive breeding for frogs in the pet trade — not just Xenopus — to ensure that they are free of infection before sale .
As for Xenopus use in labs , “ the part of me that 's an ecologist wants them to regulate the heck out of it ” , says Vredenburg . Some want the European Union to introduce animal-trade legislation in an effort to slow the spread of the disease , and a rule is currently under consideration in the United States that would allow Xenopus imports only by permit , for zoological , educational , medical or scientific purposes . But Vredenburg acknowledges that some research scientists are wary of restrictive regulations .
There are currently no effective ways of treating chytridiomycosis in the wild . The Amphibian Ark programme helps to capture threatened populations to keep them alive in captivity . And researchers around the world are working to develop topical vaccines and probiotics , together with the selective breeding of naturally resistant animals . However , all these strategies have practical problems that have prevented them from being implemented .
Update : Take at look at the amazing AMO vs Arctic vs Antarctic graph here .
As you may know , I have been using Cryosphere 's Antarctic Sea Ice Area data to show the record levels of Antarctic Sea Ice .
But I just found another data set , NOAA 's Sea Ice Extent here . ( thanks to commenter HaroldW at the Blackboard )
And it turns out day 265 set an all-time record , and then day 266 broke that record . Days 265 through 270 are now the 6 highest Antarctic Sea Ice Extent 's of all time ! ! ! !
11 of the top 15 are now 2012 .
Anyone wonders why NOAA is n't making a fuss about this ?
Year Day of Year Ice Extent 2012 266 19.45418 2012 268 19.4478 2012 267 19.44631 2012 270 19.4433 2012 269 19.41601 2012 265 19.36135 2006 264 19.35934 2012 257 19.35567 2012 271 19.35207 2006 267 19.34999 2012 264 19.34204 2012 259 19.33522 2006 265 19.3289 2006 268 19.32669 2012 258 19.31503
Advertisements
The good thing about class consciousness is that you begin to realize that no matter how long you went to school , your problems are fundamentally the same as all the other people whose bank account balance is as low as yours .
Duquesne University is a Catholic school that is doing its very best to offend the sensibilities of Jesus . For years , the school 's adjunct professors have been trying to unionize . Due to the fact that adjunct professor is a shitty low-paid job with no job security ! A pretty good reason to unionize ! And for years , Duquesne has been fighting their attempts to join together to protect themselves , claiming that such a union of low-paid professors would actually infringe on the school 's religious freedom .
Go figure !
And now , Duquesne has taken an even bolder move : last week , the school abruptly announced that ten of its 11 English Department adjunct professors are being laid off . This is the same department described as “ ground zero ” for the union campaign . Of course , the school says that these layoffs have “ absolutely nothing to do with the union . ”
Why would you even think that ? Paranoid ....
Anyhow , the union has now filed complaints against the school for unfair labor practices—namely , you know , laying off a bunch of professors committed to unionizing while the school has a case pending before the National Labor Relations Board about its ability to weasel out of allowing its employees to unionize , due to Jesus . This would be real rat bastard behavior if true , which , needless to say , it is not , because the school was not thinking about this at all when it laid all those people off . Why would you even think that ? ( In These Times quotes this simple explanation from one Duquesne English department administrator : “ Stinnett explained that there was no ‘ directive given to me ‘ not to re-hire the adjunct faculty , '' but that adjuncts were simply at the bottom of the list , and there turned out to be no courses for them. ” Ok ? )
Grad students and adjunct professors all over America are currently unionizing and it 's not real hard to see why .
[ Current photo of Jesus : Flickr ]
More than 1500 invited students are in the Lacandonan Jungle taking part in the Zapatista Freedom school last week . The school has also gone online also with registered studemts participating by teleconference around the world . Due to demand new courses are planned for Dec and Jan .
Day 4 : Unlike the Capitalist Mexican Justice System , you can not buy Zapatista Justice
With so many of their comrades having being murdered by people who are never punished , or else get exonerated and released ( like the ones who committed the Acteal massacre ) , Zapatistas know about corruption in the capitalistic judicial system .
They know about comrades being arrested under false charges , tortured , forced to sign false confession statements , judged by corrupted judges and serving lifetime condemns for crimes they did not commit .
Criminals like the brother of Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari , accused of drug smuggling and unlawful enrichment ( more than $ 120 millions US DOLLARS ) , has just been exonerated of all their crimes two weeks ago , while rural Zapatista teacher Alberto Patishtán still serves an illegal sentence for crimes they did not commit .
So Zapatistas know about justice being bought . That 's why they developed mechanisms to create a judicial system that is not about money .
In the fourth class on Freedom According to Zapatistas , they talked about how their system avoids favoritism and bribes .
“ We call it ‘ the other justice ' because there is a big difference with the official “ justice ” system . The Zapatista justice is non-negotiable , as opposed to the Mexican justice system from the political parties , where people can pay for justice . It is a judicial system that allows settlements by personal friendship , money , and corruption . You need to have money to pay a lawyer and all the corrupted officers . ”
“ In the non-Zapatista communities , there is no financial treasurer , which means the police authorities are not accountable for the money they get , ” they explained .
That does not happen in the autonomous justice system . No payments are allowed . There is accountability and information . While the Mexican judicial system manages to turn every step of the process into a business with side settlements , bribes and unofficial fines , the Zapatista system makes sure that fines and penalties ( consisting in several days of work for the community , depending on the felony ) compensate the aggrieved person or family .
While each community develops their own regulations , they all follow the seven government principles .
The local authorities deal with minor offences . More serious crimes are referred to the municipality or the government board . In every case , it is never about one person deciding on a sentence , but about investigating , communicating , educating , trying different solutions and agreements , and then deciding a penalty . There is no such thing as police arresting people with no warrant , then violating the prisoner 's human rights , and then a judge deciding . Actually , when a crime is committed , the authorities try to talk to the family and friends of the accused person to persuade him/her so that he/her turns themselves to the authorities .
In cases of serious crimes ( like murder ) , the agents arrest the person and start an investigation along with a consultation with every officer and every person involved about the possible punishment . However , in the meantime the authorities can facilitate that the family of the murdered person and the family of the murderer get to an understanding . It takes time , but they facilitate the possibility that the affected people and the offender decide on the punishment . “ The families talk to each other . Some families think – what is the purpose of putting in jail the murderer ? I wo n't have my son back . So they agree on some other punishment . A murderer serves sentence working to provide for their family and the family of the affected people . So the authority is just a mediator ” .
“ It is not easy , that 's one example , it not always happens that way . Another time , we arrested the person and the person escaped before we could reach an agreement why ? Because we do n't have always resources , so we asked the community to let us know if they find the criminal .
“ We do n't always have a place to detain the criminal , to feed him . So this is how it works for us right now . ”
They also talked about punishment for human smugglers who abuse the immigrants from other countries ( entering from Guatemala ) on their way to the US .
They stressed that it is an incipient system lacking many resources , but they have the vision of turning it into a complete rehab system , unlike the official Mexican system where people learn more crime and drug smuggling in jail than outside .
“ Aside from the fact that our justice is applied by collective agreement , our justice does not discriminate by race , language , genre . . . the prisoner eats exactly the same that the authority eats , if the authority officer eats meat , the prisoner eats meat . . . In the official justice system , prisoners of a higher social class have banquets in jail while the others have bad food . ”
“ Those are the differences between the official justice system and Zapatista judiciary system , and we did not study that anywhere , in any Code , we learned from experience and from the community . ”
Those were , in short , the main points of today 's class .
Tomorrow is the last online class of the Zapatista Freedom School , the topic being “ democracy ” .
Malu
OWSZapatista
AY 5 .. Last day of course
The Other Democracy : “ For us , Democracy is Not about Election Season and Candidates ' Campaigns ”
· “ We did not have a theory first , our theory is the result of our practice ”
· For us , democracy is not about election season and candidates .
· We start from small to bigger in everything .
· We do n't have minority people dissatisfied because their proposal was not voted for .
· Even our children apply democracy .
“ For us , democracy is not about election season and candidates ' campaigns . It 's not about money , and a person telling us how he/she is going to do it when he/she gets elected . Democracy is at any moment , at every level of our life . Even our children are learning democracy . They do n't even know it 's democracy , but they implement it all the time among them . ‘ What are we going to play today ? Basketball or Football ? ' they ask and take a vote . When their teacher sees them tired , he/she asks : ‘ Would you guys take a break ? ' and he/she takes a vote , or like we call it : they reach an agreement , ” said the Zapatista teachers on the last day of the Freedom School .
Indeed , one of the most interesting topics for the Occupy Wall Street community was left for the last day – their voting system . They do not have minorities dissatisfied because their proposal was not voted for and their voices were not heard .
But how do they do that ? Do they use direct vote ? Do they use consensus ?
Their answer was – they do n't allow any method/solution that does not work for the community to be permanent . Leaders get rotated . Officers can not get re-elected in the same position . And all the proposals are just a test until they really work for the community .
CONSENSUS – “ All the proposals are listened and taken into consideration . Not all of the proposals can be implemented at the same time . So the people vote ( direct vote ) for all of them . We implement the proposal that was most voted for ( majority ) . HOWEVER , if your proposal did not win , that does not mean it is a bad idea or does n't work for the community . We implement the majority 's proposal for a while . It 's an idea to try for . It is never a permanent ‘ majority vote ' that we must stick with even if it does n't work . We make a lot of changes ! If we have a collective work project ( be it a construction project , a production project , etc . ) and we have been using one proposed idea for a while but it is not working , we switch to the second most voted idea and so we go on . ”
“ Our proposals are not for the benefit of just one group , so we do n't have such thing as people getting angry because their group was not included . There are no such things as dissatisfied people because their proposal was not voted by the majority . When they see that the majority 's proposal is working for them , why would they be dissatisfied ? When the proposal is not working , the community can always change it and try the other ideas that were on the plate . Besides , each proposal is analyzed before the vote . It is discussed what the pros and cons it has – the benefits and the costs . We say that democracy works at every level because people elect even the duration of a certain collective work – for how long are they going to be working on something ? That 's the result of a collective agreement as well . ”
The only case when authorities are allowed to make an immediate decision without agreements are in emergencies ( like natural disasters and paramilitary attacks ) “ because we can not allow a group of human beings to suffer for a while ” . In such cases , the authorities have the power to act , but they must let people know how they took action and why .
“ Each local and municipality has its own agreements as on how to elect their authorities , but they all must follow the seven principles of government . Authorities do not make campaign to be elected . They do n't post their pictures . They sometimes are not even present when they get elected – they are somewhere else working . You qualify to be elected as an authority or representative if you are a responsible person who do n't steal , do n't abuse your family , do n't drink , etc . ”
“ In the capitalist democracy , you qualify as an authority if you know how to cheat , how to lie , how to steal and how to stand for the system . ”
Zapatistas said that all the capitalist state governors have stolen the wealth of the state , including the so-called “ leftist ” former PRD governor Juan Sabines .
“ We do n't believe in the so-called democratic electoral system because it is all made so that officers serve themselves , become rich and get relocated in another elected officer 's position inside the same system forever . They offer housing , healthcare and education for all , but the housing system they offer is just a tin roof , their healthcare are hospitals with no doctors and nurses inside of them , and the education-for-all they are offering is all being privatized . So we do n't believe them . ”
“ How do we know the official government does not work , and their campaigns and programs are all lies ? Because after a while we see demonstrations , barricades and rallies made by the same people who voted for them . These politicians are doing the opposite of our principle of ‘ Building instead of Destroying ' . They are destroying everything instead of building . ”
On their last day of classes , Zapatistas thanked the students for their time , and humbly apologized if there was anything they were not able to answer satisfactorily . “ If Mother Nature and Life allows , we will see you in another time , ” they told us .
These night-shift classes were attended by students from across the world and almost all the Mexican states . From the Americas there were representatives from each extreme – from the very South ( Argentina ) to the very North ( Indigenous groups from Canada ) with English translation online by OWSZapatista . These 5 emails were just a quick summary . We will make available detail transcriptions both in English and Spanish in our next Zapatista newsletters . If you have any questions on these classes or proposals on how to work along with the Zapatistas for a world where many worlds fit , please email us to owszapatista @ gmail.com . If you live in the NYC area , stay tuned for our S17-related teach-in on these Zapatista classes and how we can apply these conclusions to our fight for a world where many worlds fit !
If you are in Occupy Wall Street , do n't forget to fight the TTP this week – NAFTA ON STEROIDS ! And remember that the Zapatista Uprising occurred the day NAFTA got into effect !
Malú from your OWSZapatista Team
If you want to take the class by videoconference and you do n't have an invitation , write to the following email address :
video @ ezln.org.mx
Dates for the Second Round of the Little School
Registration : December 23-24 , 2013 .
Classes : December 25-29 , 2013 .
Returning to your homes : December 30 , 2013 .
They also decided to remember and celebrate the January 1 , 1994 Zapatista uprising , so for those who want to stay for the 20th anniversary festivities , there will be a party December 31 and January 1 .
After that , there still wo n't be rest , because it has also been decided that after the festivities , the work—that is , the Little School—will continue :
Dates for the Third Round of the Little School
Anniversary party : December 31 , 2013 – January 1 , 2014 .
Registration : January 1-2 , 2014 .
Classes : January 3-7 , 2014 .
On January 8 , 2014 , everyone back to their corner of the earth .
PAY CAREFUL ATTENTION TO THIS POINT : In order to request an invitation and registration code for the second and third rounds of the Little School , even if you have already asked for one via the webpage or by email , you must send your request to the following email ( you can send it as of today ) :
escuelitazapDicEne13_14 @ ezln.org.mx
We are doing it this way so that we can organize things adequately and so that you receive a timely response .
with thanks from : http : //acampadabcninternacional.wordpress.com/2013/08/15/day-3-autonomous-schools-banks-resistance-escuelita-zapatista/
“ Our Weapons are Our Words , Our Thinking , Our Hearts . ”
“ We are the Guardians of our Mother Land – it is not a commodity , it 's our mother . ”
Zapatistas
Related articles
Mr Wong died of organ failure , said a statement from OMQ Comics .
HONG KONG : Popular comic artist Alfonso Wong , best known for their comic strip Lao Fu Zi , died on Sunday ( Jan 1 ) in the United States . They were 93 .
Mr Wong died of organ failure , said a statement from OMQ Comics on Tuesday .
Advertisement
`` Lao Fu Zi comics were Alfonso Wong 's life , '' the statement read . `` He loved life . With their humorous style , they unfolded Lao Fu Zi 's story , accompanying generations of readers . ''
Lao Fu Zi creator Alfonso Wong . ( Photo : www.oldmasterq.com )
The Lao Fu Zi comic series - known as Old Master Q in the western world - first appeared in the 1960s and quickly spread across Asia . It continues to be in circulation today . New Lao Fu Zi comic strips are created by graphic artist Ronny Cuxun .
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to the Old Master Q official website , Mr Wong was a private man who wanted to spend their retirement fishing and making pottery .
Attention ! This news was published on the old version of the website . There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions .
ZiS-43 : When You Need a Bigger Bang
In War Thunder , the German and US trees already have SPAAGs on a half-tracked chassis . They combine the positive characteristics of a wheeled truck and a tracked tank chassis . Meet the ZiS-43 – a Soviet anti-air gun mounted on a half-tracked armoured vehicle.​
In battles on the Eastern Front , aircraft were primarily used to directly support troops , and assault planes and front-line bombers made hundreds and thousands of flights . To cover columns of armoured vehicles and infantry from these assaults , anti-aircraft weapons and ammunition were mounted on trucks or armoured vehicles . It is worth noting that throughout World War II , many experiments were done with half-tracked armoured vehicles . They surpassed ordinary wheeled vehicles in carrying capacity and cross-country ability while being much cheaper and lighter than full-tracked tanks . Based on these considerations , even in the interwar period , Germany equipped itself with a line of half-tracked vehicles which were used as a basis for the most varied SPAAGs : from quadruple ‘ twenties ' to the infamous ‘ eighty-eights ' . Let 's not forget the American half-tracked armoured vehicles too , used as a basis for the production of SPAAGs .
The Soviet Union had less luck in this regard , although the requirement of vehicles with higher cross-country ability was high . Production began on the relatively successful half-tracked ZiS-42M truck only in 1942 . It was used in the most varied roles : a fire-fighting vehicle , an artillery tractor and a cross-country truck . The ZiS-42 base was also used to create experimental SPGs and SPAAGs . In November 1942 , Zavod imeni Stalina ( abbreviated ZiS ) prepared an experimental ZiS-43 SPAAG on a half-tracked chassis . It was based on the ZiS-42M , which received an armored cabin and a 37 mm automatic 61-K with an armor screen . In November-December 1942 , the ZiS-43 underwent testing , but was never put into series production . The prototype remained the sole ZiS-43 to be built .
Download the Wallpapers : 1280x1024 | 1920x1080 | 2560x1440
In the game , the ZiS-43 is sure to delight players with its weaponry . The 61-K 37 mm automatic anti-aircraft cannon with 360-degree rotation not only effectively shoots down aircraft , but also punches through lightly armoured vehicles with ease – there 's a reason the 61-K was used as an anti-tank weapon at the beginning of the war . Its high rate of fire and good vertical aiming angles make it a very convenient gun to shoot . The weapon was installed in such a way that the driver 's cabin did not prevent it from firing forwards .
In comparison with early SPAAGs based on ordinary trucks , it had increased defenses . The cabin is protected by 10mm armour plates set at an angle , and the weapon itself is covered by a 15 mm screen . The crew received protection from rifle-calibre bullets , so tanks ca n't easily take out the ZiS-43 with frontal 7 mm machine guns . It will also be far harder for aircraft to knock out the ZiS-43 .
Very soon , the ZiS-43 will appear in the game and compete with the Sd.Kfz . 6/2 and ZSU-37 !
The War Thunder Team !
Previous Development Blogs :
order Premium Japanese Ground Vehicles
DALLAS — Harrison Barnes is in a tough position with the Mavericks . Their best offensive position is at the four , where they can take slower bigs off the dribble and punish smaller guards on switches .
Defensively , it 's not always ideal . While the NBA moves closer and closer to position-less basketball , occasionally Barnes still has to muck it up in the paint with a premier post scorer , like they did Tuesday night against LaMarcus Aldridge . And Saturday night against Kevin Love . And last month against Marc Gasol — twice . You get the idea .
A good amount of the time , Barnes holds their ground . They are strong as hell and uses their solid base to surprise post-scorers who are trying to easily back them down for cheap points . It usually works and Barnes has good numbers guarding the post considering the amount of times teams go at them every game . Tuesday though , was not one of those nights .
Barnes did what they could , but Aldridge got the best of them during the Spurs 97-91 win . Aldridge finished 12-of-21 from the floor with a game-high 32 points , including making six of their final seven shots as the Spurs pulled away in the fourth quarter .
“ He 's gon na wear you out down there , it 's a very physical game , ” Barnes said . “ It 's hard to stay out of foul trouble guarding him . I thought we did the best job we could . ”
Barnes forced a missed jumper on Aldridge 's first post-up but it was curtains after that . Aldridge burned Barnes on a quick spin move on their next attempt and proceed to torch the Mavericks for the rest of the night , despite Dallas sending help with double-teams .
Barnes entered the game holding opposing post-up shots to a respectable 41.7 percentage . That number went up on Tuesday .
Having Barnes guarding bigs is n't just making it tougher for the Mavericks defense , it 's also zapping some of the juice from Barnes ' offense on the other end . So far , it has n't been a big problem . While Barnes guarded Love for most of the night in the loss to the Cavilers on Saturday , Barnes still had a good shooting night , scoring 22 on 9-of-14 shooting and hitting two three-pointers .
“ It 's tough . I thought we 've kind of avoided a little bit of that this season , ” Barnes said after the Cavaliers game . “ [ Guarding Love ] , we could n't really get around it . It 's one of those things you really just have to bear down — one of these guys is bigger than you , they 're gon na back you down , wear you down all game . Offensively when you get shots , try to sit down , get your legs into it and trust your technique . ”
It 's something Barnes reminds themselves almost daily . Against Aldridge , it finally felt like there was an effect . Barnes had their worst shooting night of the month ( 5-of-14 ) and missed both their three-pointers . Dallas did a good job to get them in favorable matchups against the slower Aldridge , but there just was n't much bounce from Barnes . Dirk Nowitzki mentioned after the game that playing the Spurs defense is tough because they switch almost everything and with the Spurs playing lots of interchangeable guards and forwards with long wingspans , it was hard for Barnes to find a size mismatch to give them their bread and butter post-ups .
“ It takes a toll , ” Barnes admitted after the Spurs game . “ My shots were a little short in the first half . I thought second half we did a different job with different matchups to help get my legs underneath me . That 's just what the matchup is , it 's going to be a grind . ”
Despite Barnes being a sort of jack-of-all-trades for the Mavs , it 's not translating . The Mavericks are still rebuilding and Barnes is doing things that were n't asked of them before they came to Dallas . Sure , they guarded bigs in the past in the Golden State Warriors small lineups , most notably against Zach Randolph when the Warriors were down in their series against the Memphis Grizzlies in 2015 . However they did n't have to follow up that on the other end of the floor by having to shoulder almost all of the offensive burden . They just needed to spot-up around the greatest shooting duo of all time .
It 's not as easy with the Mavericks and everyone knows it . It 's part of the reason Mavs coach Rick Carlisle and the Mavs front office is so enamored with Barnes in the first place — they welcome the struggle , in hopes of it making them a better player down the road . With Dennis Smith Jr. getting better every game ( a season-high 27 points against the Spurs ) that offensive burden slowly but surely is transferring over from Barnes to Smith . Reinforcements are coming , it 'll just take longer than everyone wants .
“ It 's a very tough job , ” Carlisle said after the loss to the Spurs . “ I believe he 's built for those kinds of challenges . That 's just their DNA , their fabric . But it 's tough , there 's no question about it . ”
Watch : Take a Tab of 'Orange Sunshine ' in Fizzy and Bright New Trailer
Orange County is one of the most conservative areas of California , having a predominantly Republican voting base . But back in the '60s and '70s – thanks to a small drug cult called the Brotherhood of Eternal Love – the small Southern California county was one of the largest worldwide producers and distributors of LSD and hashish .
READ MORE : SXSW 2016 : How Do This Year 's Filmmakers Make a Living ?
Taking its name from the organization 's clandestine LSD tabs , the documentary uncovers just who the Brotherhood was , how they came to be and the means in which they were able to smuggle over 3.4 million tabs of powerful hallucinogenics around the world . From film canisters to surfboards , the hippie group became more and more creative in their underground bootlegging run , all under the guise of fighting social injustice and spreading the introspective joy that “ Orange Sunshine ” brings .
Having already screened at SXSW , the trippy documentary is set to be also be shown on their home turf of Orange County at the Newport Beach Film Festival on April 23 . Check out our exclusive trailer above before heading on down to the small beach town to see the flick and talk to the LSD manufacturing legends themselves .
Sign Up : Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news ! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here .
The mother of a teenager killed in a collision with a car outside their home in Hampshire was able to kiss their daughter goodbye as they lay dead in the road .
Jasmine Allsop , 14 , was killed in Gosport in the early hours of Sunday morning after having a girls ' night in with their friend Olivia Lewry - who also died in the crash - and mother Rosemary .
The teenagers were in collision with a green Honda Civic which was being driven along Ann 's Hill Road at around 4am .
Jasmine died at the scene and Olivia was taken to hospital where they died later .
Police have been given extra time to question a 20-year-old man from Gosport who was arrested on suspicion of the murder of the two youngsters .
Speaking from their terraced home yards from where Jasmine died , Ms Allsop , 37 , said they had gone to bed when the incident happened and was woken by the emergency services .
Trump hammered Cruz to a crowd of supporters in the Iowa town of Sioux Center , just nine days before the Hawkeye State 's first-in-the-nation caucuses .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I 've said Ted has a lot of problems — number one , Canada . They could run for the Prime Minister of Canada and I would n't even complain because they were born in Canada , ” Trump joked .
“ The Democrats are going to sue if they ever got the nomination within two days . There have already been two lawsuits filed , but they do n't have standing . I have standing to sue . Can you imagine if I did it ? Should I do it just for fun ? ”
Trump added that they believe that they will defeat Cruz without the need of a legal challenge to their candidacy , which is why they probably will not sue . `` It 's probably why I want to save the legal fees , '' they said of their confidence in winning the GOP nomination . `` If I thought it was going to matter , maybe I would do it , maybe I wouldn't. ” Trump also took on Cruz 's criticisms of their use of eminent domain — a line of attack the Texas senator brought up in a campaign ad Friday . And they bashed “ failing ” conservative commentator Glenn Beck , who is stumping with Cruz on Saturday , making fun of their predilection for crying . `` I would much rather have Sarah Palin than Glenn Beck , '' they said . `` Glenn 's a loser , just so you understand , this guy is a serious loser . ''
Trump and Cruz , once cordial on the trail , have launched frequent attacks at each other as they barrel towards a showdown at the polls . The two are battling for the lead in Iowa .
Those frustrations boiled over in a rowdy back-and-forth during the GOP debate earlier this month , where Cruz noted that under some theories , Trump would n't be eligible to run for president because of their mother 's birth in Scotland .
Trump has repeatedly brought up the controversy of whether Cruz is eligible because they were born in Canada to an American mother .
- Updated at 1:53 p.m .
Nothing says “ It 's summer in California ! ” these days like dumping five million dollars from already strained coffers into the piggy bank of a notorious anti-rights propagandist . And nothing celebrates that occasion better than a hagiographic fluff piece about the man for whose pet project that money has been ripped from the pockets of California gun-owning tax payers .
No such screed would , of course , be complete without propagating the lie that the Centers for Disease Control has been banned from conducting research . It has n't . It 's been banned from using taxpayer dollars to advocate for infringing our natural and Constitutionally-protected rights . Because they were exposed as doing just that .
To bring the reader up to speed : a little over a year ago , the California legislature enacted a large bundle of anti-gun legislation referred to as “ Gunmaggedon ” by the pro-Second Amendment side . Among those , was SB 1006 which would give $ 5,000,000 to a “ Firearm Violence Research Center ” . Everyone knew that this was not to be the creation of a new research group , and Wintemute 's presence at every hearing put the lie to numerous claims that no plan existed to funnel the money to him .
The pro-Second Amendment camp gained a small victory by having the language of the bill altered to require the proposed Firearm Violence Research Center to investigate the positive and socially beneficial aspects of guns , but the bill was soon pulled . The sponsoring legislator worked with the Senate President pro tem , Kevin de Leon , and the funds were allocated as a budgetary line item . Shortly thereafter , Wintemute 's UC-Davis Violence Prevention Research Program was designated as the location of the Firearm Violence Research Center ( because even leftists have enough sense to know that you do n't build something from scratch when you have it already completed and operational elsewhere ) .
On closer examination , Garen Wintemute appears to be a proto-Social Justice Warrior . Having shed their ponytail for the shorn head look of a Taoist monk , they portray themselves as the champion of the people . They tell us they go after the “ evil gun makers ” — an archetypal class struggle framing of an issue .
However , Wintemute is entrenched power . They are the recipient of millions of dollars stolen from ordinary Californians . They have now gained an unchallengeable grip on the propaganda machine used to justify the disarmament of decent people .
They play the ascetic , bragging to every sympathetic reporter about how they live in a small inexpensive apartment at the edge of Sacramento and how they have put “ 1.3 million dollars of their own money ” into their work . But as an emergency physician they probably make about $ 350,000 a year , currently , and has been earning over $ 250,000 annually over the last few years according to Transparent California . They can afford to sink $ 1.3 million into their pet project over the past two decades . And they have the right to do so . But they do not have the right to 5 million California tax dollars seized in a manner which bypasses the legislative process .
No financial information can be found on the Violence Prevention Research Program website and there is no website for the new Firearm Violence Research Center . Will they receive a salary ? Has their team changed or grown ? Who is vetting their research ? Do n't hold your breath for “ peer review ” because Wintemute 's peers are as biased as they are .
Wintemute typically cranks out publications that wave the bloody shirt for emotional effect ( which provide irrational , emotional impetus for legislation because . . . “ Shut Up ! He 's a Doctor ! ” ) . Any bottom of the barrel scraping will do . This includes collecting internet news reports of bullets falling from the sky , or “ real-time surveillance using Google and Yahoo ! news alert services , searching on stray bullet , and the news archives of GunPolicy.org ” , as they put it , to make up their data set regarding celebratory gun fire .
Wintemute nickel and dimes irrelevant data and hysterically blows it out of proportion to play on people 's emotions .
Through their advocacy , Wintemute actually hurts people by enabling their disarmament and increasing their vulnerability . They promote policies which create circumstances in which people are certain to be hurt or killed .
Among Wintemute 's war trophies was an exposé of area gun shows in which they selectively quoted various sellers to create an unflattering picture of the entire gun community . The second is their “ Ring of Fire ” campaign . They pride themselves on doing the work that led the California legislature to ban low cost handguns and put their Southern California producers out of business . They achieved these things , in part , through character assassination—some deserved and some not .
However , in that crusade , they eradicated a category of firearms needed in legitimate defensive situations , because low-income minorities are likely only to be able to be able to afford inexpensive guns . Their advocacy disarmed these people because eliminating economical firearms prices them out of the ability to defend themselves .
Wintemute is also not shy about seeking to diminish people 's interest in exercising their Second Amendment rights . This makes them a kindred spirit to Eric Holder , who infamously said “ We need to brainwash people ” to think differently about guns . In a March 2013 article , Wintemute is quoted telling us what they believe “ gun buybacks ” do :
“ As part of a larger discussion about public safety , Wintemute says , buybacks may play an important role in mobilizing a community to examine gun control . ”
One should understand one 's opponents . Jordan Peterson would likely to categorize Wintemute as being high in “ compassion trait ” . I think Wintemute is so high in this trait that it blinds them to logic . It whips them into a fury , in which they pen editorials to medical journals referring to people defending themselves as “ murderers ” .
An article about Wintemute in Nature magazine pulls back the curtain a bit on the man 's inner workings , filtering their story to construct the noble image they want to craft of himself :
First , in trying to establish their gun-owning bona fides , they talk about their father and their childhood experiences with guns :
“ Wintemute learned to shoot , and begged to go hunting . That chance came when they were around 12 , and their father asked them to help clear out sparrows from the rafters of their company 's warehouse .
Wintemute 's aim was good , they recall . “ But I held those birds and looked at the finality of it all and felt them turn cold in my hands and decided this was not for me . ” ”
Then , in trying to lay out a moral motivation for their advocacy , they talk about their experiences in Cambodia :
“ … Wintemute went to work in 1981 as medical coordinator at the Nong Samet Refugee Camp , just inside Cambodia 's border with Thailand . The camp was in an area that had only recently been liberated from the Khmer Rouge dictator Pol Pot , and Wintemute took care of gunshot wounds on a daily basis . Even more common were shrapnel injuries from land mines . … . “ I never once met an intact family , ” Wintemute recalls . “ Everybody had lost somebody . There came a point where I said : ‘ I need to pick up a rifle . I ca n't be on the sidelines ' ”
But instead they turned tail and headed back to the safety of the USA . . . where they took on the task of ensuring low income Californians would be just as defenseless and vulnerable as the people they left behind in Asia .
They try to portray themselves as a brave fighter . But they are not courageous . They were not courageous in Cambodia—he fled and embarked on a mission to create more victims . Creating more victims , disarming ordinary people is not courage . Using the power of the state to impose an individual 's will on the broader population , and deprive that population of their rights , is not courage .
In the end , Wintemute is not St. Garen of Davis . They are more like Pol Pot , seeking to re-engineer society . Changing society and its values and behaviors is difficult—as David Hemenway admits here ( around the 0:30:00 mark ) . And so , rather than going after the root causes of societal ills , the uplifters go after the technology and tools used by everyone on the excuse of denying them to a small subset of the population who use them to violate the social contract .
It is hard to trace the origins of Wintemute 's hoplophobia . I do n't think it lies in the horrors they witnessed in Cambodia . I suspect it goes back to that warehouse where a young boy , eager for their father 's acceptance , found that desire conflicting with a child 's squeamishness at the death of a living thing .
But we allow children moments of moral weakness and failings because they are children . Wintemute is an adult . Adults are expected to have courage to leave behind childhood fears and irrational thinking . Yet they only seems to find courage when he 's tucked under the wing of an ideologically aligned donor or legislature who will foot the bill for their agenda .
—Arthur Z Przebinda , MD is an imaging specialist in Southern California . They advocate for the Second Amendment in their state and nationally and since 2017 serves as DRGO 's Project Director .
All DRGO articles by Arthur Z. Przebinda , MD .
Now that 's how you make a fashion and political statement .
Presidential candidate Donald Trump 's wife Melania Trump took the podium tonight on the first night of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , marking one of the first times we 've heard the potential First Lady speak on the election .
And while the 46-year-old did an impressive job with their delivery during the speech , they also killed it in the fashion game , which is one they definitely know how to play .
Melania walked out in a cotton silk off-white Roksanda `` Margot '' dress with bell sleeves , which is described as a `` beautiful option for the modern bride , '' with Christian Louboutin heels , which was the perfect balance of chic and elegant .
Although one would be quick to assume that Trump 's lady was assisted by a stylist for their big night , a spokesperson for Melania tells E ! News , `` She does n't have a stylist . They have excellent taste . They simply liked the dress and purchased it . ''
The price tag on the high-fashion retailer site lists the ivory dress at $ 2,190 ( and is also available in black ) , but if you 're planning to cop yourself a frock , you 're out of luck . It 's already sold out .
SEOUL , South Korea > > Hanjin Group said Tuesday it will inject $ 90 million , including $ 36 million from its chairperson Cho Yang-ho 's personal assets , to help resolve disruptions to container cargo transport caused by Hanjin Shipping Co. 's financial troubles .
The move follows South Korean government demands that the parent company do more to help as Hanjin 's vessels remain stranded outside ports after the company filed for bankruptcy protection last week .
Hanjin Shipping is seeking protection from creditors in dozens of countries , hoping to minimize seizures of its assets . With the company 's assets frozen , its ships are being refused permission to offload or take on containers at ports worldwide , out of concern tugboat pilots or stevedores may not be paid . Out of 141 vessels the company operates , 68 were not operating normally , were stranded or seized , as of Sunday .
The world 's seventh largest ocean shipper , Hanjin Shipping is part of the Seoul-based Hanjin Group , a huge , family-dominated conglomerate , or chaebol , that also includes Korean Air .
The Hanjin Group said in a statement Tuesday that it will provide its stakes in overseas terminals , such as the one Hanjin operates in Long Beach , California , as collateral to borrow 60 billion won ( $ 54 million ) .
That still falls short of the fees that Hanjin Shipping must pay for services it needs to offload cargoes already on its vessels . According to local media reports , that amounts to 600 billion won ( $ 543 million ) .
It was unclear if banks or the government might provide more financing to resolve the immediate crisis .
In the meantime , South Korean regulators said they are directing Hanjin Shipping vessels to unload cargoes in a few key ports , including in Singapore and Hamburg , Germany .
With the country 's largest ocean shipper idled and the shipbuilding industry also in crisis , a government task force is directing moves to salvage the container shipping sector , which like ocean shipping worldwide has been battered by weak demand and overcapacity .
“ The government is making all-out efforts to minimize damage and loss of consignors , ” Finance Minister Yoo Il-ho told reporters late Monday . “ Korean government-led response teams will be formed in the selected offshore ports to swiftly receive stay orders or guaranteed protection , ” Yoo said in Hangzhou , China , where they were attending a Group of 20 summits .
Officials appear set on a consolidation , without committing huge sums of taxpayer cash , of Hanjin and its smaller rival , Hyundai Merchant Marine , which already is being restructured .
Hanjin Shipping was handling nearly 8 percent of the trans-Pacific trade volume for the U.S. market , and with its container ships marooned offshore , major retailers have been scrambling to devise contingency plans to get their merchandise into stores .
The shipping company has posted net losses every year since 2011 . Last week , creditors led by the Korea Development Bank rejected a plan by Hanjin Group to spend another 500 billion won ( $ 447.2 million ) to rescue the shipping firm , way short of Hanjin Shipping 's more than 6 trillion won ( $ 5.37 billion ) in debts .
Hanjin 's shares jumped 20 percent on Tuesday on hopes for government help for the company , after falling 13.7 percent on Monday .
MUMBAI : Mumbai 's controversial proposed Development Plan ( DP ) has been scrapped by the Maharashtra government . Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis announced this at a press conference in Mumbai today . Fadnavis said that the decision to scrap the Mumbai Development Plan was decided on Tuesday 's Cabinet meeting . `` We have decided to scrap the proposed Development Plan as there were a number of complaints and objections against the DP Plan . The Committee headed by Chief Secretary Swadhin Kshatriya also found many mistakes and flaws in the DP and based on the report of the committee the state has decided to scrap this DP . '' said Fadnavis.He added , `` We have asked the BMC to reformulate the new Development Plan for Mumbai and submit it within four months . `` The state government 's decision to scrap the DP plan would be seen as a victory for activists as well as political parties like the Shiv Sena and the MNS that were opposed to the DP plan . Besides giving higher FSI of up to 8 in congested areas like Dadar , the DP plan also proposed ‘ utilising ' the Aarey colony land for housing ‘ Infrastructure and Educational institutes ' in the city . Since Aarey is known as the city 's green lung the plan to develop Aarey was vociferously objected to . While the Sena was opposed to the DP plan in its entirety , the MNS had raised a ruckus claiming that the DP plan was made with the builder lobby in mind and that it would lead to the city being taken over by non- Marathis.The DP plan also had numerous errors like Cemetries , schools , and iconic heritage buildings were either wrongly shown as reserved for Recreational ground or play grounds or were entirely missing from the DP plan altogether .
It turns out Londoners are n't as hungry for food trucks as many thought .
More than a year after city council voted to roll out a pilot project with the mobile eateries , only five trucks are on the road and two of the early entrants have already quit the business .
At first , the city capped the number of allowed food trucks at eight . But that was removed last year to make it easier for entrepreneurs to get the financing for their trucks to feed what had appeared to be a hefty appetite in the city for the mobile eateries .
At about $ 80,000 and up , the steep cost to buy and equip a food truck without a guarantee there would be a licence available left a bad taste in the mouths of prospective entrepreneurs , said Orest Katolyk , the city 's bylaw enforcement boss .
Omar Hanan , owner of the downtown Barakat restaurant , had one of the first food trucks to hit London 's streets , but after about a year they sold it .
Their truck , Tahini 's , specialized in Mediterranean fusion food .
“ I had it the whole summer downtown , but I felt like the people in London were not welcoming of food from a food truck , ” Hanan said .
But a greater problem than Londoners not being very receptive to getting their meals on wheels , said Hanan , was the small profit margin in the business .
“ It 's very little profit for a lot of work , ” they said . “ Even if ( business ) did pick up , it 's really not worth the hassle . ”
Shelby 's Food Express , another starter in the food truck business , also lost its taste for it , choosing to focus on its two restaurants instead .
Co-owner Yazan El-Shalabi did n't renew their licence this year and is trying to sell the truck .
“ It 's not about not working out , it 's about me finding the time , ” they said .
“ What we 're finding is that the established restaurants that went into the food truck business are getting out of the food trucks , ” said Katolyk . “ But the ones that are starting are ones that do n't currently have bricks-and mortar restaurants operating . ”
While many other cities embraced food trucks early on , the concept took a while to be allowed in London because of concerns from restaurant owners — who pay city taxes and fees — that their business would suffer from the street vendors . Similar concerns erupted years earlier , over street hot dog carts .
But that excuse rings hollow for Harley MacIntyre , the owner of bricks-and-mortar Shmokey 's BBQ and The Walking Fed food truck .
“ I say , ‘ Hey , if you 've got a problem with food trucks , you better make better food , ' ” said the French-trained chef .
Their food truck has been popular with Londoners , they said .
“ You would not believe how many people take the picture of it and come up beside it because they love the series ( The Walking Dead ) , ” they said .
But he 's had a tough time serving up grub streetside .
“ Mostly , I 'm just doing events because there 's not really that many prime locations in the city for us to operate . ”
But despite some bumps in the road , other entrepreneurs are braving the streets and putting their pedals to the metal .
“ I think it 's a great business for many people , ” said Ricardo Cavaco , the owner and operator of Bifana Boys , which specializes in Portuguese food .
“ It 's a great outlet for people that like to cook , ” said the executive chef for a downtown restaurant , adding they hope to get the truck out on the road more .
“ We 're really still part-time . I feel that it 's been received really , really well , ” they said . “ We 've developed a really good following . I think Londoners are ready for it — it 's just a slow start so far . ”
alalani @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/AzzuraLFPress
FOOD TRUCKS ON THE ROAD
Devil 's Pool is a large , rocky pool once used to cool the steam engines that would run along the track . Nowadays , the swimming hole is a relatively secret spot , known only to locals ( and eavesdropping tourists ! ) .
To get the site , you 'll have to approach Rocky Creek from the NW side of the bridge . Just before the railway crossing , pull off the highway and follow the dirt track . This will take you to an old rusty guardrail and a small pumpshed . You can park here . From there on , make your way through the bush with extreme caution as a wrong step could take you off the edge ! Climb down a few boulders acting as steps ( if you see orange tape you 're going the right way ) and plod down to the water 's edge . You should be able to see an old concrete shed built into the rocky wall ( can be used as shelter during thunderstorms ) . From here a bit of exploring will reveal the cache hidden away in its secure spot .
Former U.S. attorney general and Uber advisor Eric Holder is leading an investigation that should conclude by the end of April . ( Photo : Susan Walsh , AP )
With an endorsement from former U.S. attorney general Eric Holder , Tom Perez hopes to distinguish themselves on voting rights and redistricting — issues of critical importance inside the Democratic Party — as the race for the next party chairperson heats up .
Holder , who along with former president Barack Obama is heading a new redistricting reform effort aimed at pumping resources into critical gubernatorial and state legislative races over the next four years , will announce on Tuesday their support for the former U.S. Labor secretary .
“ Tom not only knows how to take on big fights ; they win them , ” Holder said in a statement . They cited Perez 's having sued former Maricopa County , Ariz. , Sheriff Joe Arpaio for racial profiling , stopping voter ID laws that Democrats say disenfranchise minorities , and confronting Wall Street in the subprime home foreclosure crisis .
“ Eric understands that Republican threats to our nation 's voting rights and civil rights are far from over , and that 's why he 's taking on task of holding states accountable for discriminatory redistricting plans in order to ensure that all voters can exercise their basic right to vote free from discrimination , '' Perez said . `` He understands more than anyone that we need a fully funded and fully staffed voter empowerment office at the DNC so that we are responding in real time to the games that Republicans will try to play with our democracy . ”
Tom Perez delivers remarks during a public meeting of the Financial Literacy and Education Commission at the U.S. Treasury on June 29 , 2016 . ( Photo : Pete Marovich , Getty Images )
The endorsement comes as the race for the next Democratic National Committee chairperson is intensifying , with members preparing for a Feb. 25 vote in Atlanta .
The two strongest competitors appear to be Perez and Rep. Keith Ellison , D-Minn. , the co-chairperson of the Congressional Progressive Caucus who has raked in a number of major endorsements , most recently from the Teamsters Union and former vice president Walter Mondale .
Since the two hold similar progressive ideologies , each is looking for a way to stand out , with Ellison emphasizing their strength among the grass roots and experience as a former community and labor organizer .
Perez wants to underscore their résumé and , in particular , their executive experience to lead the party at a critical moment . Many Democrats say the party infrastructure and messaging strategy to middle-America is in need of a top-to-bottom rebuilding after the party has lost almost 50 % of the statehouses they control across the country since 2009 .
Holder 's endorsement also furthers a narrative about the DNC race as a proxy battle between Obama 's supporters and those of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , the 2016 presidential candidate who backs Ellison , the first Muslim elected to Congress . Last week , former vice president Joe Biden announced their support for Perez . Yet in a sign of the new power progressives wield in the party after the 2016 election , Ellison has also gained the support of Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , D-N.Y .
Read more :
The race also includes New Hampshire Democratic Chairman Raymond Buckley ; South Carolina Democratic Chairman Jaime Harrison ; Sally Boynton Brown , executive director of the Idaho Democratic Party ; Peter Buttigieg , mayor of South Bend , Ind . ; and former Fox News commentator Jehmu Greene .
Holder will play a key role in fighting new voting laws expected to be introduced by Republican-dominated legislatures that could suppress the votes of minorities , who tend to vote Democratic , including early voting cutbacks , voter registration restrictions and strict photo ID laws .
There 's been a “ broader movement to curtail voting rights , which began after the 2010 election , when state lawmakers nationwide started introducing hundreds of harsh measures to make it harder to vote , ” according to the Brennan Center for Justice , a nonpartisan public policy and law institute .
In a sign of the importance of the voting rights issue , both Ellison and Perez have released plans that include a separate department within the DNC that focuses on expanded ballot access , increasing voter registration , and challenging new voting laws at the state level .
President Trump continues to promise , as recently as this weekend in an interview with Fox News , to create a commission led by Vice President Pence to investigate “ voter fraud ” that many Democrats fear will be a spearhead for a wave of new voting laws .
Read more :
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2jXS7t5
So in 2002-2003 , I worked as the concept artist of video game startup Damage Studios along with Tony Guntharp Chris DiBona , and Greg Kucharo among other great folks . We worked on a MMOG called Rekonstruction and had developed some great cutting edge stuff , but only a fraction of what was produced content-wise was ever released as concept-art/renders to the public.We developed a rather detailed and conceptually dense idea that incorporated a lot of elements ( including a very ornate societal framework ) , which we figured would have made for a highly customizable world . And this is one of the concept illos from it . Since I had to work quickly , many of the character designs were literally referenced from poses in various fashion magazines , clothing catalogs and personal pictures of friends . If some of the poses repeat or seem oddly familar , that is probably why . Many of the drawings are , as you would imagine concept/storyoard art to be ... a bit raw . This one actually was only a pencil drawing until 2 days ago when I grabbed 2 pigma microns and some acrylics ( ink and paint , as well as some gouache for the skin ) .This isand I named them that just now because it made me think of Lori Petty in the movie . I tried to give names to almost everyone I designed , sometimes in a tone I thought suited their appearance , sometimes named for purely humorous purposes ( although in this case , spur of the submission ) .I am also aware this is # 7 and that I did not yet submit 3,5 and 6 . Do n't ask , just accept.Permission to post came from the former CEO of Damage Studios , Tony Guntharp , aka * fusion94
I just saw the new Aam Aadmi Party and it has all the qualities of an ad that is almost so bad it 's good , but the keyword is ‘ almost ' . As a work of advertisement goes , it 's neither there nor here , which is truly disappointing . It does n't sell the product ( AAP or Kejriwal ) , and at best seems like they 're mocking themselves . The closest thing we 've seen to a similar ad is the Mukesh anti-tobacco ads which ensure that no one will ever quit smoking . In case you 've not seen it , here 's the original ad :
Here are 3 things I learnt from the ad :
Husbands are incapable of getting up from their asses
If Arvind was appealing to the average Aam Aaadmi ( common man ) on the street , then I do n't think they should show them in such a poor light . While the wife is seeing worrying about electricity bills , picking up children and attacking that piece of lauki ( bottle gourd ) , the man ca n't be bothered to get up from their ass and seems incapable of thought too . All they do is watch TV where everyone is obviously deriding the messiah of the middle class . Was they a NaMo fan or bhakt ?
Women are meant to cook , clean , pick up children and do everything
Up till now , the Aam Aadmi Party has often been accused of being regressive towards women , and this ad does n't help dispel that notion at all . It seems like everything 's a woman 's job – cooking , cleaning , picking up the child from school and worrying about the rising bills . Men on the other hand just have to sit while their wives cook meals for them . Also , I am really worried for the lauki ( unless of course that 's a hidden message ) that Arvind Kejriwal wants to smash patriarchy .
Everyone 's out to get Kejriwal ( including the ad-makers )
It 's hard to believe that Kejriwal or AAP used taxpayers ' money to actually pay someone to make this ad . They again play on the age-old ‘ Arvind VS Everyone Else ' where the entire world is conspiring against Arvind to bring down the last honest man left in the country . The ad ends with the lines Hey Bhagwan , hamaarey Arvind ko salaamat rakhey ( Oh lord , keep my Arvind safe ) .
There 's only one guy to play the common man
Now if you look closely at the man who plays the brain-dead husband , he 's the same guy from the new spate of anti-smoking ads that we 're subjected to before every movie . They even play a similar role whose wife is just in the background doing stuff . Do all the agencies have only only go-to guy to play poor man 's husband ?
And finally the ad ends with this bizarre screen about gulab jamuns which we hope is from another ad .
Honestly speaking , AAP should really ask the agency for their money back ! Or maybe they 're trying to subtly make the point that they did n't spend too much of the taxpayers ' money on an agency . Sadly , this is how the all the AAP critics reacted to that ad :
On March 1st , 2016 , Oregonians will be able to legally drive faster on more than 1,500 miles of highways in Oregon .
HB 3402 will allow travelers to legally drive higher speeds on Interstate 84 between The Dalles and the Idaho border starting March 1 , 2016 . Several secondary highways in central and eastern Oregon will also see speed limits increased , including portions of U.S. 20 , U.S. 26 , U.S. 95 , U.S. 97 , U.S. 197 , U.S. 395 , OR 31 , OR 78 and OR 205 .
All of the increased speeds are east of the Cascades . On Interstate 84 east of The Dalles the speed limit on that section of interstate will increase to 70 mph . and on many other highways , the speed limit will increase from 55 to 65 mph .
`` We think we can do this very seamlessly , so that the old signs will come down and the new signs will come up very quickly , '' Travis Brouwer of the Oregon Department of Transportation said .
“ When you put love out in the world it travels , and it can touch people and reach people in ways that we never even expected . ”
Laverne Cox and I are speaking on a Friday afternoon during LGBT Pride Month . Roughly 36 hours later , 49 members of that community will be killed at a gay club in Orlando .
The outrage , confusion , grief , and fear felt in the days that followed , and the almost unprecedented gatherings of LGBT people and their allies around the world mourning their losses and showing their strength , power , and support give an immediacy and intense poignancy to Cox 's words .
In the aftermath of hate , these people are putting their love out in the world . If nothing else has come from this tragedy , at least that love has traveled .
The Orange Is the New Black star and trans activist—her # TransIsBeautiful hashtag seeded an entire movement for acceptance—is calling The Daily Beast from Washington , D.C. , where they are surrounded by love rooted in a happier occasion .
They were there to unveil an art installation created as part of Marriott Rewards ' # LoveTravels campaign , a crowd-sourced tapestry of 1,500 pieces of art culled from over 3,500 submissions from 100 countries that are dedicated to transgender lives and leaders .
“ We still live in a world that tells trans people we are n't who we say we are , ” Cox says . “ There are laws that are trying to criminalize and stigmatize us . And here is this wall of love for trans people that is just so people . ”
Throughout our conversation , we speak a lot about how art and community can be healing , particularly for a community that is so often marginalized or meant to feel less than . Though Cox , nor any of us , could ever have predicted the tragedy that would rattle that community the next day , it 's an eerily prophetic sentiment—one that is echoed in a statement from the actor in the wake of the massacre in Orlando .
“ Deeply moved that in the face of tragedy Orlando and Americans everywhere are coming together to give blood , love , and support , ” Cox tweeted to their 535,000 followers . “ This is who we are . ”
On their timeline , the statement was amongst retweets of the most powerful reactions to the shooting , including President 's Obama statement that , “ The place where they were attacked was more than a nightclub . It was a place of solidarity where people have come together to raise awareness , to speak their minds , and to advocate for civil rights. ” Cox has also shared other people 's heartbreak . “ # PulseNightClub was one of the first clubs where me and many of my friends felt comfortable to be ourselves . My heart hangs heavy , ” read one message they retweeted .
It 's not hard to understand why that last one touched Cox so deeply .
Back in D.C. , and , again , a day before the Orlando shooting , Cox is talking about why walking into a room and seeing , gathered in one place , all those art pieces designed with the pure intention of expressing love for the trans community was so powerful .
“ Loving myself is something that I work on every day . But it 's still hard , ” they say . “ There 's something in my core , even though I 've done a lot of work to have my core catch up . I know there are trans folks out there struggling with loving themselves . Struggling with feeling like they 're worthy of their dreams . To walk into room that 's celebrating is just healing . ”
Today , Laverne is one of the most visible and trailblazing trans people in the public eye . For their role on Orange Is the New Black , they became the first openly transgender performer to be nominated for a Primetime Emmy . They famously appeared on the cover of Time magazine for a story titled “ The Transgender Tipping Point . ”
This fall , she 's leading a live TV musical version of Rocky Horror Picture Show as Dr. Frank-N-Furter , the role originated by Tim Curry . And when the CBS drama Doubt premieres next year they will be the first transgender series regular on a broadcast TV series .
But the success followed a hard-fought internal battle .
As she 's recounted in the past , Cox attempted suicide they were 11 . They started feeling an attraction to boys , but was conflicted because their church told them it was a sin . They swallowed a bottle of pills from the bathroom medicine cabinet , but still woke up after they went to sleep .
Over the years , they would become aware of their true gender , an experience as a child that led to , as she 's said in past interviews , “ profoundly shaming moments . ”
But art was their saving grace .
“ For me , art is healing , ” they say . “ It saved me from another suicide attempt . Before I even knew I was trans I knew I was an artist . Having expression for my pain , for my joy—being able to express myself that creatively is healing . ”
Because it 's Pride Month , she 's particularly reflective of that journey .
They remember their first Pride event , soon after they moved to New York City to study dance at Marymount Manhattan College . They remember going to Christopher Street for the parade , right by the bar Duplex , which is still there , and—a girl from Alabama who never felt safe to be herself—feeling that energy . “ Just the enormity of it , ” they say .
Fast-forward to 2014 , and Cox is the grand marshal of the same Pride Parade , and rounding the corner to Christopher Street all those years later .
“ All those memories came back to me of the very first time I was in New York City for pride and what that meant , ” they say . “ For me as a black trans woman and grand marshal I could n't help but think of Sylvia Rivera and Marsha P. Johnson and Miss Major Griffin-Gracy , who were at the Stonewall Inn in 1959 and who resisted the police those three nights . Being a part of that legacy felt really special to me . ”
I ask them a question that , given the horror that would transpire over the next weekend , has become even more amplified : Given what is happening to the community , does Pride Month seem especially important and essentially this year ?
What have become known as “ Bathroom Bills ” that were passed in North Carolina and proposed in a slew of other states , which require transgender people to use bathrooms determined by their biological gender at birth , follow a spate of laws that have passed revolving anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people . Trans suicide and anti-trans violence is still an epidemic .
And Donald Trump—a name that is met with a pointed , “ Mhmmm… ” from Cox—is the presumptive GOP presidential nominee .
“ Absolutely , ” Cox says , of this year 's Pride . “ It feels right on time . All of these laws have been passed really are about stigmatizing and pretending we do n't exist . They 're saying our lives do n't matter . ”
Even on the simplest level , it turns out . In addition to supporting # LoveTravels , Cox is in D.C. to campaign for the LGBT Data Inclusion Act , which calls for gender identity and sexual orientation data collection by the federal government .
“ We literally do n't count LGBT people in the United States , ” they say . “ We do n't have an accurate count of how many LGBT people there are in the United States . They are left out of vital policy discussions when policies are being made . So many policy decisions are made based on demographic information , but we do n't have that information on LGBT people . ”
They pause to drive the point home : “ When you 're not counted , you do n't count . ”
In the meantime , Cox 's fourth season portraying Sophia Burset on Orange Is the New Black premieres on Netflix this Friday . Sophia is actually missing—as in not seen—from a large chunk of the beginning of the season , which actually makes their presence bigger and more powerful .
When we last saw the character , they were sent , unjustly , to solitary confinement . In a slow burn throughout the beginning of Season 4 , Sophia 's fellow prisoners and their family begin to rally for their rights as a trans prisoner and for their release from solitary .
Then in the fall she 'll have what they call their full-circle moment , singing and dancing on screen in Fox 's Rocky Horror Picture Show . “ Growing up being a dancer , being a performer saved my life , ” they say . “ Art can save lives . ”
Adding another bit of albeit odd poignance , a teaser for the production was just released featuring Cox—in fierce , confident costume—planting a big , juicy kiss on the screen . In a campy way , sure , but still : love .
“ It 's hard to love myself . It really is , ” they say , as we wrap up our conversation . “ There are so many corporations out there that are telling us that we 're not enough . That we have to buy this product to feel like we 're enough . But we can just love ourselves based on who we are . ”
They pause one last time : “ That 's the good good . ”
The stricken nuclear plant at Fukushima in northern Japan is in such a delicate condition that a future earthquake could trigger a disaster that would decimate Japan and affect the entire West Coast of North America , a prominent scientist has warned .
Speaking at a symposium on water ecology at the University of Alberta in Canada , prominent Japanese-Canadian scientist David Suzuki said that the Japanese government had been “ lying through its teeth ” about the true extent of the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster .
They attributed the cover-up to the Japanese government 's collusion with the Tokyo Electric Power Company ( TEPCO ) that administers the plant .
“ Fukushima is the most terrifying situation that I can imagine , ” Suzuki said , adding that another earthquake could trigger a potentially catastrophic , nuclear disaster .
“ The fourth [ reactor ] has been so badly damaged that the fear is if there 's another earthquake of a 7 or above then that building will go and all hell breaks loose , ” they said , adding that the chances of an earthquake measuring 7 or above in Japan over the next three years were over 95 percent .
“ If the fourth [ reactor ] goes under an earthquake and those rods are exposed , then it 's bye , bye , Japan and everybody on the west coast of North America should be evacuated . And if that is n't terrifying , I do n't know what is , ” Suzuki said .
‘ Too proud '
Addressing the Japanese government 's attempts to bring the crisis under control , Suzuki said the scientists charged with the plant 's safety “ do n't know what to do . ”
“ The thing we need is to let a group of international experts go in with complete freedom to do what they suggest , ” Suzuki said , adding that the only thing impeding this was the “ pride ” of the Japanese government that was refusing to admit this was necessary .
Suzuki referred to the current scheme of freezing the soil around the reactor to prevent radioactive leaks as “ cockamany . ”
TEPCO has accepted the US government 's help in undertaking the risky cleanup operation of the Fukushima site . Teams of experts will begin the removal of fuel rods from the fourth reactor in mid-November in a decommissioning process that is likely to take decades . One wrong move in the delicate operation could result in horrific quantities of radiation being released into the atmosphere or trigger a massive explosion .
Dr Helen Caldicott described the risks of removing the rods to RT as “ terribly serious ” because of the danger of releasing a large amount of radiation .
“ Two rods could touch each other in this process which has been done before and there could be a fission reaction and a very large release of radiation . ”
Suzuki , a prominent environmental campaigner and scientist from the University of British Columbia , whose television science programs and books have gained a wide international audience , has been very vocal in their criticisms of Japan in its handling of the disaster .
Despite their prominence in Canada , Suzuki has been criticized in the past by the media for double standards and their credentials as a scientist have been queried . While their television programs encourage society to consume less fossil fuel and adopt a more sustainable lifestyle , Suzuki reportedly lives in one of Vancouver 's most exclusive areas and has faced criticism over their globetrotting airplane travel .
However , with regard to the current situation at Fukushima , a number of scientists have echoed Suzuki 's concerns . Nuclear technology historian Robert Jacobs told RT that there could easily be more destruction at the plant 's fourth reactor .
“ If this building were to collapse , which could happen , it would spill these spent nuclear fuel rods all over the ground which would make the 2020 Tokyo Olympics impossible and could threaten all kinds of health problems throughout northern Japan and Tokyo itself , ” Jacobs said .
Fmr . agent warned ATF about `` gunwalking ''
Since our first report in which ATF agents told us they allowed thousands of weapons to cross into Mexico , one crucial question has been : Who knew -- how high up ? This week for the first time , President Obama addressed the controversy.It was in an interview Tuesday evening with the Spanish language network Univision .
Watch : Obama on `` gunwalking ''
`` Well first of all I did not authorize it . Eric Holder the Attorney General did not authorize it . He 's been very clear that our policy is to catch gun runners and put 'em into jail , '' Mr. Obama said of the controversial ATF operation called `` Fast and Furious . ''
`` You were not even informed about it ? '' asked Univision reporter Jorge Ramos .
`` Absolutely not , '' said Mr. Obama . `` There may be a situation here which a serious mistake was made and if that 's the case then we 'll find out and well hold somebody accountable . ''
But who ? In an exclusive interview with CBS News , the lead ATF official in Mexico at the time Darren Gil says somebody in the Justice Department did know about the case . Gil says their supervisor at ATF 's Washington D.C. headquarters told them point-blank the operation was approved even higher than ATF Director Kenneth Melson .
Gunrunning scandal uncovered at the ATF
ATF agents face `` gunwalking '' blame , danger in Mexico
`` Is the director aware of this , '' Gil asked the supervisor . Gil says their supervisor answered `` Yes , the director 's aware of it . Not only is the director aware of it , D.O.J . 's aware of it ... Department of Justice was aware of it . ''
Gil goes on to say senior Justice official Lanny Breuer and several of their deputies visited Mexico amid the controversy last summer , and spoke to ATF staff generally about a big trafficking case that they claimed was `` getting good results . '' Gil says Melson , ATF 's Acting Director , also visited Mexico City . Gil 's Deputy Attache and their Analyst questioned Melson about the case that surrounding all the weapons showing up in Mexico . `` His response was 'it 's a good case , it 's still going on , ' '' recalls Gil , `` and we 'll close it down as soon as we possibly can . ''
AK47s vs. bean bags in border drug war
As to what Melson , Breuer and the other officials knew , Senator Charles Grassley ( R-Iowa ) has been asking . Among other things , they have told the State Department to turn over notes and records from any Breuer visits to Mexico City in summer of 2010 . But their repeated requests have so far been denied . And the officials mentioned would not speak with CBS News .
The whole controversy was exposed last month when ATF agent John Dodson and others blew the whistle to CBS News . They told us they were ordered to let assault rifles and other weapons `` walk '' into the hands of Mexican drug cartels in a failed attempt to take down a cartel .
Agent : I was ordered to let U.S. guns into Mexico
But if Justice Department officials knew , it 's even more incredible when you find out who did n't : ATF 's own agents in Mexico .
Gil first found out something was amiss in early 2010 when serial numbers from a flood of guns used in cartel crimes were all tracing back to the same case in Phoenix : `` Fast and Furious . '' But when Gil 's analyst checked ATF 's computer files to find out more , they hit a brick wall .
`` Not only did they not have access , I as the attache , the head agent in Mexico for ATF operations , did not have access , '' says Gil . They were locked out .
That was a red flag because Gil says as the senior ATF official in Mexico , it was their job to approve any ATF operation involving Mexico ; and they did n't approve this one .
In fact , Gil specifically emailed their staff on Jan. 25 , 2010 that no firearms would be allowed to cross into Mexico for a case without their approval . The email also stated that if they ever approved such an operation , he 'd make sure the weapons were `` stopped on the Mexican side of the border . '' They 'd never be allowed to `` walk '' or reach the streets .
Gil did n't know it but even as they wrote that email , ATF agents in Phoenix have told CBS News they were already letting traffickers move weapons to Mexican drug cartels without stopping them . The idea was apparently to see where the guns would end up and try to build a big case .
Faced with the flow of guns and the serial number evidence tracing to Phoenix , but locked out of the computer case files , Gil says they repeatedly questioned their supervisor in Washington . They say some of the conversations became screaming and shouting matches . They say they were instructed not to tell their Mexican counterparts about the case . Gil said they inquired , `` when is this case gon na shut down ? The Mexicans are gon na have a fit when they find out about it . '' Gil says they also noted `` at some point , these guns are gon na end up killing either a government of Mexico official , a police officer or military folks , and then what are we gon na do ? ''
Gil is the second ATF agent to tell CBS News that they specifically warned of such an outcome . Agent John Dodson says they told their superiors in Phoenix much the same .
`` I specifically asked one time , 'are you prepared to go to the funeral of a Border Patrol agent ... are you prepared for that fact because it 's only a matter of time before that happens , '' Dodson told CBS News .
That 's exactly what happened . Two of the weapons , AK-47 variant assault rifles , were eventually found at the murder of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry last December . Officials are looking into possible connections to the murder of Customs Agent Jaime Zapata in February .
Gil retired from ATF in December , in part over their objections to Fast and Furious and the way it was handled . They say he 's speaking out because nobody else in charge has stepped up to explain that ATF agents in Mexico were never part of it . Yet they 're now facing threats of prosecution from some Mexican politicians .
`` The ( Mexican ) government 's looking at ( ATF agents ) potentially bringing weapons into their country , which in many cases is an act of war . '' Gil says by not explaining that ATF agents in Mexico were n't part of Fast and Furious , ATF executives are putting the agents in danger . `` They 're leaving my guys out in Mexico alone , and they 're not doing the right thing . ''
We 're entering a world of mainstream 64-bit computing -- whether we like it or not . Just weeks after Adobe started requiring 64-bit Macs for CS6 , DICE 's Rendering Architect Johan Andersson has warned that some of their company 's 2013 games using the Frostbite engine will need the extra bits as a matter of course . In other words , it wo n't matter if you have a quad Core i7 gaming PC of death should the software be inadequate ; if you 're still running a 32-bit copy of Windows 7 come the new year , you wo n't be playing . The developer points to memory as the main culprit , as going 64-bit guarantees full access to 4GB or more of RAM as well as better virtual addressing . Andersson sees it as a prime opportunity to upgrade to Windows 8 , although 64-bit Vista and 7 ( and presumably OS X , if and when Mac versions exist ) will be dandy . Just be prepared to upgrade that Windows XP PC a lot sooner than Microsoft 's 2014 support cutoff if you 're planning to run the next Battlefield or Mirror 's Edge .
201.3k SHARES Tweet Share
The rainbow flag , commonly the gay pride flag and LGBT pride flag , is a symbol of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) pride and LGBT social movements . The flag is used as a symbol of gay pride and is now used worldwide .
The US Supreme Court has ruled that same-sex marriage is a legal right across the United States . The ruling brings to an end more than a decade of bitter legal battles .
A cartoon in five panels , side-by-side , shows a Confederate flag lowered as a rainbow flag is raised . On the surface , the image appears to capture the intense battles oppressed groups have overcome in recent days , marking a celebratory victory for all . In reality , that is far from the case .
President Barack Obama said :
The ruling was a victory for America . When all Americans are treated as equal , we are all more free .
According to recent reports more than 10,000 people have signed a petition to change American flag to rainbow flag .
“ A lot of people are offended by the American flag , I 'll sign this shiyyt man . I support the new American flag for the new world order . We 're gon na put up a new American flag over the capital to signify the new world order ” says Desmond Balim an individual who signed a petition .
With many supporters of flying the Confederate flag in retreat or temporarily in hiding , now would be a fitting time for Congress to right an egregious , 150 year-old wrong . That 's where the American Flag Protection Act ( AFPA ) of 2015 comes in . AFPA would ban federal , state and local governments , as well as any organization receiving federal funds , from flying a Confederate banner from any building , site or facility .
Under AFPA 's “ Posthumous Amnesty ” provisions , all Confederate soldiers are pardoned for their treason against the United States , an act of compassionate forgiveness to be marked by the display of the Star-Spangled Banner alone over their graves . And for those who still sing from the states ' rights hymnal , the American Flag Protection Act operates no differently than the expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare . States can always show their CSA flags with pride by choosing to opt-out of federal funding .
Hi darlings ! Did you have a great weekend ? I finally had the time to re-install my laptop because It was crashing non stop so I could n't edit my video 's anymore and making blog posts was also very annoying but now everything is working fine again so I can blog again and finally start editing my nail-care routine video that I already filmed a while ago 😀 Also I went to the Pixar expo here in Amsterdam , it was so much fun ! They showed the different techniques that were used to make films like Finding Nemo and Toy Story , it was so interesting ! What did you do ?
Of course I also have some pictures that I want to show you today ! I 'm wearing Kiko – 646 Nero Stellato and Zoya – Dahlia ! I bought 646 Nero Stellato when I was in Berlin on vacation and ordered Dahlia later online , I never thought these two would look so much the same ! But are they dupes ? Let 's take a look !
The formula :
Both polishes are fully opaque in two coats , the formula works really well , the polish is spreading nicely over the nail and dries really fast . When you apply the first layer of Dahlia it looks like you need three coats , but when you apply the second coat it 's just as opaque as 646 Nero Stellato , perfect !
Drying time :
Both polishes dry really fast and you already see the textured finish really quick . No difference here
The color :
Both polishes have the exact same black/chococal color in the shade and in the sun . Also the amount of silver glitter in both polishes is exactly the same . You really ca n't tell I 'm wearing two different polishes
Quality :
Both polishes have the same quality . Most textured polishes last pretty long on my nails and these are no exception . You have minor tipwear after a few days , I did n't wait till they fully chipped because I already wanted to change my polish but both are great quality .
Availability & Price :
Let 's compare the normal prices from the original websites . The polish from Kiko is €4,90 for 11ml and the one from Zoya is $ 9 for 15ml ( around €6,90 ) . So Dahlia is a bit more expensive but you get 4ml more
So the conclusion ? Both polishes are exactly the same , dupes for sure ! If you are having doubts about what brand to buy just take a look at the one that 's best available for you . If you live in Europe Zoya can be hard to find sometimes and if you buy them from some retailer you pay way more than $ 9 ( here in Holland I usually find them between 10 – 12 euros ! ) so then the best option is to for Kiko . If you live in the USA you will probably go for Zoya , since Kiko is harder to find over there and shipping can be expensive . It 's definitally not worth the money to buy both ! ( like I did .. * sigh * )
So it was quite a long post , but I hope it was helpfull 😀 Let me know if you want more dupe posts !
Love ,
Demelza
PS . The Kiko Sugar Matte polishes are now on sale for €2,50 on their website !
Brand : Zoya
Name : Dahlia
Collection : Pixie Dust
Year : 2012
Price : $ 9
Website : Zoya website
Brand : Kiko
Name : 646 – Nero Stellato
Collection : Sugar Matte
Year : 2013
Price : €4,90
Website : Kiko website
Kiko – 646 Nero Stellato vs. Zoya – Dahlia was last modified : by
Tors new executive director Shari Steele wants to change the image of the anonymous browser , and make It 's hard-to-use technology more friendly for the user . When they took the job at Tor after 15 years at San Francisco based Electronic Frontier Foundation , Shari had something in common with most Internet users ; they had never used the Tor browser before .
Tor still occupies a pretty small corner of the internet with around 2.5 million users logging into Tor daily to encrypt and mask their internet traffic . Browsers like Google Chrome shadow Tor with 3.5 billion search queries every day . Among the growing concern for digital privacy worldwide and in the US , Steele wants to use their experience building non-profit organizations , as opposed to their technical skills to more Tor out from the corners of the internet .
“ When Coca-Cola hires a new CEO , it does n't matter ver much if they drink Coca-Cola , ” they said . “ My hiring was part of an effort not to be this little fringe software project . ”
The FBI 's legal case against Apple to unlock the IPhone used in the San Dernardino shooting has n't hurt them either . Tor 's message to people concerned about digital privacy as a result of the lawsuit was , basically , if youre worried about government snooping , “ We will never backdoor our software . ”
As Tor steps more into the spotlight , its getting some high-profile assistance . Edward Snowden , who was featured in the oganizations recent fundraising campaign , “ This is What a Tor Supporter Looks Like , tweeted in December , “ Without Tor , wen you walk the streets of the internet , youre always watched . ”
Along with Snowden 's endorsement , the Tor Supporter campaign is attempting to change Tor 's image problem . Law enforcement officials often make Tor out to be a haven for criminals and pedophiles who use it to avoid being caught . A study published in February found that 57 % of active hidden services sites developed for Tor help conceal users ' locations are intended for some kind of illicit or criminal activity .
Steeles work so far is stressing the legitimate services Tor provides people who need privacy online . “ Private kinds of searches have never really reached their full potential , and that 's partially because Tor is clunky and hard to use , ” Steel said . “ But it can help people secretly look up different kinds of medical treatment , or consider changes in their sexual orientation . ”
Before Steele came to Tor , they had already begun working to make its technology more approachable . In October , it launched Tor Messenger . A crowdfunding campaign brought in over $ 200,000 in donations over six weeks . In January Facebook announced plans to let Tor users connec through an Android application .
“ When Tor becomes easy to use , we can expect it to become a default , ” said tech blogger and journalist Cory Doctorow . “ There 's no way to make a Tor that can protect people from surveillance from governments without protecting them from the FBI . ”
While Steele worked with the EFF , they proved she 's an effective digital rights advocate . They pushed to lower sentencing guidlinges for the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act , , the federal governments chief law used to punish criminal hackers . They successfully sued the US State Department in a case that established code as constitutionally protected free speech , as well .
“ People say we 're responsible for the Dark Web , ” Steele said . “ That 's not why Tor is essential . It 's like sayin people hide behind the first amendment to do Nazi activity . That 's not why the first amendment exists . ”
It 's finally here ! LWJGL 3 has a new , modern home , an updated forum , nightly build infrastructure and ... a blog ! This will be a fun new way to stay up-to-date with LWJGL and the latest developments in the world of Java gaming and computing . Do n't forget to subscribe to the RSS feed !
It 's been a long time since the decision was made to completely rewrite LWJGL , something that very often results in doomed projects . But we 're still here and now getting close to the very first official release ! This release will have alpha status , but the most important functionality is already in place . For the beta , we want to have feature parity with LWJGL 2 , which at the time of writing this means adding support for OpenGL|ES ( and EGL of course ) , as well some of the most popular vendor-specific OpenGL extensions currently missing .
With that said , feel free to download a nightly build and do some testing , or even start porting your applications . We 're very confident that you 'll love the new feel and power of LWJGL 3 , the robust new windowing system and , our favorite feature , the amazing productivity boost from the built-in documentation ! Initial feedback has been extremely positive and quite a few developers are using it already !
We also have a new logo , that symbolizes the project 's fresh start . We wanted a modern , yet familiar design , something that stays close in concept to the legacy logo . So , here it is :
Love it ? Hate it ? Let us know on the forum !
The roadmap ahead is pretty straightforward . But like all open source projects , the bottleneck is the availability of contributors , their day jobs and other obligations , that keep the project from getting there sooner , rather than later . If you 'd like to help , the codebase is mature enough and you can jump right in . Go through the wiki and do n't hesitate to ask for help . We 'd love to receive a contribution from you !
Until next time !
Concertgoers at last year 's annual Boston Calling music festivals were n't just there to watch the show — they were watched themselves as test subjects for Boston police ' new facial recognition technology , which reportedly analyzed every attendee at the May and September two-day events .
Employees at IBM — the outside contractor involved in deploying the tech alongside Boston Police — planned the test of its Smart Surveillance System and Intelligent Video Analytics to execute “ face capture ” on “ every person ” at the concerts in 2013 . Targets were reportedly described “ as anyone who walks through the door , ” according to company memos obtained by Dig Boston .
Using 10 cameras capable of intelligent video analysis , police and IBM captured thousands of faces and scanned individuals for details including skin color , height and clothing to screen for possible forensic identification . The tech also watched traffic and crowd congestion , searched for suspicious objects and monitored social media in real-time .
Attendees and promoters were wholly unaware of the test , which was conducted amid a slew of media and photographers regularly in attendance and during a public event where the expectation of privacy is at a minimum . Sensitive documents detailing the program were found unsecured online , where they 've reportedly been accessible for more than a year .
The images , video and information obtained by the program will be kept for months and years — even after the sorting process deems it irrelevant — and more than 50 hours of video footage from the events are still intact , according to the report .
Other data stored online by Boston police in unsecured servers include drivers ' licenses , addresses , parking permit information and more .
Boston PD initially denied any involvement in the programs ' deployment on May 25-26 and Sept. 7-8 at City Hall Plaza , stating in an email from a representative that “ BPD was not part of this initiative . ”
“ We do not and have not used or possess this type of technology , ” the department wrote to Dig .
Files on the program uncovered online include photographic evidence showing Boston PD present inside IBM 's program monitoring stations and receiving instruction on how to use the tech . When presented with this evidence , Boston officials admitted the city 's direct involvement .
“ The city of Boston engaged in a pilot program with IBM , testing situational awareness software for two events hosted on City Hall Plaza : Boston Calling in May 2013 , and Boston Calling in September 2013 , ” Boston Mayor Marty Walsh press secretary Kate Norton wrote in an email to the publication .
“ The purpose of the pilot was to evaluate software that could make it easier for the city to host large , public events , looking at challenges such as permitting , basic services , crowd and traffic management , public safety , and citizen engagement through social media and other channels . These were technology demonstrations utilizing pre-existing hardware ( cameras ) and data storage systems . ”
According to the statement , the city found the “ situational awareness software ” to be without much “ practical value , ” and as a result , said it will not be pursuing the implementation of such surveillance . The city also said it currently has no guidelines governing or barring the use of such technology at large public events like Boston Calling .
Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook
Niles , OH - The Mahoning Valley Scrappers and M.V.P.B.A . Scrappers Backers with media partner Sports Radio 1240 are pleased to announce that they will be hosting a Hot Stove Banquet Thursday , January 30th from 6-8 pm at Ciminero 's Banquet Center in Niles . The event will feature several top prospects from the Indians ' organization . Tickets may be purchased for $ 35 for adults and $ 25 for children twelve years of age and under at the Scrappers Eastwood Field Box Office , Scrappers Holiday Store at the Eastwood Mall or by calling ( 330 ) 505-0000 .
Players expected to attend this year 's event include 2010 Scrappers Jesus Aguilar and Giovanny Urshela , 2011 Scrapper Bryson Myles , 2012 Scrappers Tyler Naquin , Erik Gonzalez and Joey Wendle and 2013 Scrapper Kyle Crockett .
`` We 're excited to welcome many of the Indians ' top prospects back to Niles , '' said Jordan Taylor , Vice President of HWS Baseball and Scrappers General Manager . `` We 're looking forward to providing fans a unique opportunity to meet and interact with future Cleveland Indians . ''
The Hot Stove Banquet is an ideal occasion for baseball fans to mingle with future major leaguers right here in the Mahoning Valley . The event will be emceed by former Cleveland Indian Jason Stanford and include dinner , a silent auction benefiting the M.V.P.B.A . Scrappers Backers , a question and answer session and an opportunity to get autographs from top prospects in the Indians ' organization .
For more information contact the Scrappers Front Office at ( 330 ) 505-0000 or visit www.mvscrappers.com .
Ontario and Alberta among the provinces showing improvements
By Diego Flammini
Assistant Editor , North American Content
Farms.com
According to a CBC report , more than 205 billion litres of raw sewage and waste water made its way into rivers and oceans last year – an amount that could full nearly 82,000 Olympic swimming pools .
Federal regulations introduced in 2012 by the Conservative government mandated that municipalities perform secondary treatments to remove dissolved organic matter in addition to solid waste .
Some municipalities have until 2020 to comply , while others have until 2040 .
Green Party Leader Elizabeth May said older systems could be stretched to their limits as climate change brings more adverse weather .
`` Our aging waste water infrastructure was designed for a different climate , and for many municipalities across Canada , when you have a deluge rain event your sewage treatment bypasses the sewage plant and goes right downstream , ” they told CBC .
The article sparked conversations online from farmers wondering why municipalities are n't held accountable when spills occur , but producers are .
`` ( I ) always find it sad that farmers get charged for spills but municipalities never do . Wonder what that is ? '' Alex Gubbels said on Twitter .
`` If ( a ) spill is big enough it 's a statistic , no consequences , '' Harm Kelly , a dairy farmer from Dunnville , Ontario , also said on Twitter .
Federal Environment Minister Catherine McKenna said nearly $ 2 billion is being invested specifically in waste water upgrades .
Some provinces been proactive in ensuring waste water is treated properly .
Ontario produces the most waste water of any Canadian province and is one of the best in terms of treatment . In 2015 , less than one per cent of waste water went untreated , according to the report .
Alberta dropped its untreated waste water figures from eight billion litres in 2014 to under four billion in 2015 .
Manitoba , however , saw untreated waste water increase by 70.9 per cent to 12.5 billion litres in 2015 .
To see the figures for municipal spills and bypasses in many Ontario municipalities , check out Better Farming 's compilation of data .
Career Networking Fair
Feb 12 , 2019 |11:00-15:00
Be a part of Algonquin College 's 21st Annual Career Networking Fair !
The Career Networking Fair is Algonquin 's largest on-campus recruitment event for full-time , summer , and co-op positions for students and graduates . The industry focus of this recruitment event is as broad as possible , and attracts employers from a range of industries .
Connect with over 70 employers , including :
Ottawa School Boards
Ottawa School Boards RBC
Costco
Ottawa Sport & Entertainment Group
OPP/OPS/RCMP
Pepsi
Siemens
Canadian Nuclear Labs
Federal Government Agencies
… and many more !
Arrive prepared – bring hard copies of your up-to-date resume , talking points , and questions for employers , and dress for success in professional attire .
Sign Up !
Need to update your resume before heading to the event ? Take advantage of the Employment Support Centre 's drop-in sessions for resume assistance . Check in at the Welcome Centre reception desk ( 3rd floor , Student Commons ) upon arrival :
Tuesdays : 9am-11am
Wednesdays : 1pm-4pm
Thursdays : 9am-11am and 1pm-4pm
In partnership with the Employment Support Centre and Alumni .
Event Location
Police use teargas against protesters trying to enter Taksim Square as prime minister talks of foreign conspiracy
Istanbul came to a standstill on Sunday as an army of riot police and gendarmerie cordoned off streets and use teargas on protesters in the centre of the city while the prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , staged a rally before hundreds of thousands of supporters at the waterfront .
Some 24 hours after using brute force to clear the focal point of the demonstrations against the government and bulldozing Gezi Park in Taksim Square , where a varied crew of protest groups had been camped out since the beginning of the month , Erdoğan ditched all efforts at conciliation at a rally of their Justice and Development party ( AKP ) .
`` Taksim is not Turkey , '' Erdoğan declared , in a reference to the city centre square ringed off by riot police on Sunday evening as thousands of demonstrators sought to converge there .
Protest organisers had called for a million-strong demonstration at Taksim Square , but the entire area was cordoned off , making access impossible . Stretches of the motorways encircling Istanbul were also closed by police to try to prevent protesters getting to the city centre .
The opposite conditions applied to government supporters making their way en masse to hear the prime minister . The Istanbul municipality and the AKP laid on buses and other transport to help boost the numbers attending .
Erdoğan inveighed against the international media , blaming the BBC and CNN for distorting the drama of the past three weeks in what they repeatedly alleged was an international plot to divide and diminish Turkey .
`` You will make your voice heard so anyone conspiring against Turkey will shiver , '' they told the crowd . `` Turkey is not a country that international media can play games on . ''
They added that the Turkish nation `` is not the one banging pots at nights '' , in reference to what has become a soundtrack to the protests : middle-aged people coming on to their apartment balconies nightly to hammer on kitchen utensils .
The same din was heard across several central Istanbul neighbourhoods on Sunday evening .
While Erdoğan addressed the massive crowds in bright sunshine , much of the city was sullen and tense . In several districts middle-aged women kept up a steady racket by beating pots and pans from their balconies as riot police lounged around , sitting on pavement verges .
The police raids , which started on Saturday afternoon and quickly cleared and occupied Gezi Park , included acts of startling brutality that outraged normally apolitical Istanbul citizens , as well as human rights monitors .
Teargas was fired into impromptu medical clinics housed in tents . A luxury hotel on Taksim Square being used as an emergency refuge for victims and for the wounded was repeatedly invaded by the police and teargas fired into the enclosed spaces .
`` It was horrible in there , '' said Mehmet Polat , 32 . `` They shot teargas inside the hotel several times , the gas rose up to the sixth floor of the hotel , everything was filled with white smoke . ''
Another young man next to them nodded . `` People were shoving each other , panicking , but the police kept attacking us . '' Both were not giving up . `` Our demands are very clear , '' Polat said . `` And until they are met , we are not going anywhere . ''
But on Sunday Turkey 's minister for European affairs , Egemen Bagis , said any civilians entering Taksim Square would be viewed as terrorists .
Gezi Park was completely cleared of the gaudy paraphernalia of pluralist protest that had been its hallmark .
Stands , tents and banners were all gone . The central park fountain , decorated with flags of a wide array of political factions on Saturday morning , was adorned with one single Turkish flag the following morning .
Istanbul 's governor , Huseyin Avni Mutlu , said no one would be allowed to return to the park to protest .
Erdoğan 's confrontational style , their divisive rhetoric and the extreme force used by the police on victims including young children , with one pregnant woman losing their baby on Saturday evening , have tarnished their credentials internationally as a reformist Muslim leader .
But the strong-arm tactics do not appear to have closed down the protests and have sown dismay among many non-political Turks .
One police officer guarding the entrance to Gezi Park said they were not happy with the way things were going : `` The government is working against the people , and they are using the police to do it . They are handling it very badly . I hate doing this . ''
At a mobile clinic on the square , one medic said : `` They promised us that they would not attack our field hospital , but they did anyway , firing six rounds of teargas directly into our tent .
`` This is against all human rights agreements . A serious crime . Not even in war should medical facilities be attacked . But we will remain here and continue our work . ''
The Turkish health ministry has been issuing threats in recent days , warning that all health professionals treating protesters during the Gezi Park protests would be prosecuted .
Amnesty International said about 100 people had been detained and were being held incommunicado .
`` The authorities are denying due process to those they have detained . The police must release them immediately or disclose their location and allow access to family members and lawyers , '' said Andrew Gardner , Turkey researcher at Amnesty International .
`` I just want to say how flattered I was in the last election to be introduced as the best Republican in the Democratic Party , '' they told several hundred civic leaders at the downtown Los Angeles meeting . `` I accept . ''
I 've known Marcy Winograd since 2005 . There 's little doubt in my mind that if she 's elected to Congress Tuesday she 'll catapult immediately into the prominence of being among the half dozen best members . Best ? Well , best in terms of serving the interests of working families and best in terms of pushing forward powerful ideas that drag the hidebound system away from the status quo and away from the narrow machinations of lobbyists and powerful corporate interests . Just that . She 'll always be controversial and never really fit in with the go-along-to-get-along crew . But one thing we do n't need is another one of 435 cutout congressional clowns . Marcy will never be one of those . I guarantee it.And how bad is Jane Harman ? If you 've been readingwith any frequency , you already know she 's always been the worst kind of corporate shill , consistently voting -- and , more important , working behind the scenes -- against the interests of working families and pushing a Big Business agenda . When they said , unaware of the age of 24/7 news coverage , that she 's really a Republican at heart , they had no idea it would come back to haunt them Them aisle crossing vote , for example , in favor of the draconian , anti-consumer bankruptcy bill that has forced so many families on CA-36 out of their homes is one thing . But it is hard for many people to understand , even though every single Republican voted for something the banks and credit card companies were clamoring for -- and paying members of congress to support -- while most Democrats opposed it . This documented statement by Harman , however , which they desperately try claiming never happened ( like the espionage phone call they were taped in the midst of ) , is easy to understand : She now imperiously denies having ever said it . It is n't the only time she 's been caught in a lie like that . In fact this one that Rachel Maddow caught is far more serious . How serious ? Jane Harman should n't be running for reelection . They should be in federal prison . Take a look :
Labels : CA-36 , Jane Harman , Marcy Winograd , Rachel Maddow
The Red Cross says it has no agreement to govern what will happen when Russian “ aid ” trucks arrive at Ukraine 's border .
Andre Loersch , the Kiev-based spokesperson for the Geneva-based relief body , told EUobserver on Tuesday ( 12 August ) that “ it was a surprise to us ” when Russian leader Vladimir Putin announced on Monday that they are sending the humanitarian assistance convoy to Ukraine .
“ We were waiting for the Russian Federation to hand over a precise and detailed list of the humanitarian materials it intended to provide and we still have n't got that ” , they said .
“ We have at this stage no agreement for the hand-over of this humanitarian aid . The only information I have at this stage is from Russian press agencies ” .
Russian media reported earlier on Tuesday that 280 trucks had left Moscow for Ukraine carrying 2,000 tonnes of grain , sugar , baby food , medicine , sleeping bags , and electrical generators .
Meanwhile , the office of Ukraine president Petro Poroshenko , who spoke with Red Cross chief Peter Maurer by phone on Monday , said in a statement that a new humanitarian effort will include “ assistance provided by the International Committee of the Red Cross , the United States , the EU , and Russia ” .
It added that the “ aid [ will ] be distributed exclusively among the civilian population of the Lugansk region [ in east Ukraine ] ” .
The Russian convoy comes after a warning by Nato chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen there is a “ high probability ” that Russia could invade Ukraine under the auspices of an aid mission .
`` We see the Russians developing the narrative and the pretext for such an operation under the guise of a humanitarian operation , and we see a military build-up that could be used to conduct such illegal military operations in Ukraine ” , they told the Reuters news agency on Monday .
The warning was echoed by US State Department spokesperson Marie Harf .
“ We are concerned that Russia could try to use a humanitarian or peacekeeping operation as a pretence for inserting elements of military force into Ukraine ” , they told press in Washington .
For their part , Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said the Russian military is not involved in the aid effort .
Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said they hope : “ Western partners wo n't put a spoke in the wheel and will think about the people who are badly in need of water and electricity ” .
The Red Cross ' Loersch told EUobserver its normal modus operandi is to take possession of material donated from various sources , to use its own people and its own vehicles to give it out , to operate with no military escort , and to have full discretion on who gets the supplies .
“ We would be handed over the aid . We would check it . We would be handed the material at the border and we would be in charge of distributing it ” , they said .
Ukraine 's ambassador to the EU , Konstantin Yeliseyev , also indicated the Russian convoy will not be allowed to enter their country .
“ There will be humanitarian assistance … but this will be conveyed and delivered by Red Cross people ” , they told this website on Tuesday .
The UN estimates that some 168,000 people have fled from east Ukraine to Russia over the past three months of fighting , while another 117,000 people have become “ internally displaced ” .
The Red Cross said on Monday : “ The situation is critical - thousands of people are reported to be without access to water , electricity , and medical aid ” .
A Baltimore city councilman is conducting a survey of residents who live near a vandalized Christopher Columbus monument — believed to be the oldest in America — with the hope of replacing it to represent “ current-day values . ”
Councilman Ryan Dorsey says the 225-year-old monument to Columbus in Herring Run Park should be replaced , but not with another statue honoring the Italian explorer .
“ The overwhelming opinion I 've heard is there must be an alternative , '' Dorsey said . “ It can not go back to being a Columbus monument . … If you put the same inscription tablet back in , what is the likelihood someone is not going to smash it again ? ”
The 44-foot obelisk is believed to be the first monument in the country to honor Columbus . It was erected in 1792 by Frenchman Chevalier d'Anemours to honor the 300th anniversary of Columbus ' journey from Europe in 1492 .
The monument was on d'Anemours ' estate at what is now the intersection of Harford Road and North Avenue — currently the site of the Eastside District Court building — until it was moved to its current location in 1963 .
In August , someone took a sledgehammer to it .
A video posted to YouTube by a user named “ Popular Resistance ” showed a man striking the base of the monument repeatedly with a sledgehammer . Another person held a sign that read : “ Racism , tear it down. ” Another sign was taped to the monument reading : “ The future is racial and economic justice . ”
The narrator of the video , who said their name is Ty , called Christopher Columbus a “ genocidal terrorist . ”
Police said they were investigating , and Baltimore Department of Recreation and Parks workers retrieved the marble fragments and stored them .
Police spokesperson T.J. Smith said Friday that no arrest had been made in the case .
Now Dorsey says area residents should have a say in what should be done next at the site .
They said fewer than 100 people have responded to their survey , which they launched last weekend . They have been collecting copies of the survey in person and online .
“ There 's a diversity of opinions , ” they said . “ Some say it should be for native and indigenous people . A prominent suggestion is W.E.B . Dubois , who lived within walking distance of the site . ”
Dorsey said some have responded saying they wish to keep a monument to Columbus , but they argued that those people are often “ preoccupied with law and order politics . ”
The monument is owned by the city , which means Mayor Catherine Pugh 's administration would ultimately make a decision about what should be done there . Pugh did not respond to a request for comment .
Dorsey 's survey says “ society can more justly recount history for future generations . ”
“ As we work to restore the obelisk , we want to rededicate a monument that memorializes our current day values and responds accurately to history , ” it states .
Marc A . De Simone Sr. , chairperson of the Board of Governors of the Italian American Civic Club of Maryland — founded by former Baltimore Mayor Thomas D'Alesandro Jr. — said club members met with Dorsey and Pugh this week to discuss restoring the monument , which they called the oldest in the world .
“ We would hope they would be proactive in efforts to find and prosecute the perpetrator of the vandalism , ” they said . “ We hoped to solicit their support for the speedy repair for the restoration of the monument to its original state . And we hope they would take extra steps to protect all three of our Columbus monuments moving forward . ”
They said the Italian-American organization is getting ready for its 127th consecutive Columbus Day parade this weekend . They said the parade is the longest-running in the world .
“ They 're looking at Columbus with 2017 eyeglasses on , ” De Simone said of Columbus critics . “ Of course they were a flawed hero . But look at what they accomplished with just three little leaky boats . I say , why tear down or repurpose a statue ? Build another statue . ”
The vandalism of the Columbus monument came one week after the Pugh administration removed four monuments associated with the Confederacy : a statue of Confederate Generals Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson , the Confederate Women 's Monument , the Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument and a statue of Supreme Court Chief Justice Roger B. Taney , who wrote the 1857 Dred Scott decision that upheld slavery . In Annapolis , state officials followed suit and removed a Taney statue there .
Columbus was an Italian explorer who in 1492 landed on an island in the Bahamas . They later explored other Caribbean islands and Central America , but never reached the land today known as the United States of America . Those opposed to their honorifics accuse them of initiating the transatlantic slave trade and committing violence against people native to the lands they explored .
In 2016 , the Baltimore City Council narrowly voted down an attempt to strip Columbus of their holiday within the city limits . A bill sponsored by Councilman Brandon Scott to rename the day for indigenous people and Italian-Americans needed eight votes to pass , but the final tally was 7-6 with two members abstaining .
Italian-American heritage groups lobbied council members heavily to maintain the observance as Columbus Day , arguing that it was less about the Italian explorer and more about an opportunity to honor their heritage .
The Census Bureau has estimated 16,500 city residents are of Italian-American descent . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi — who is the daughter of D'Alesandro , Baltimore 's first Italian-American mayor — grew up in Little Italy .
The obelisk in an area of Herring Run Park known as Heinz Park is not the only monument to Columbus in Baltimore . A statue of Columbus was installed in 1892 in Druid Hill Park , and one in Harbor East was dedicated by President Ronald Reagan in 1984 .
CAPTION The state agency charged with protecting Maryland 's history has concluded that Baltimore officials did n't have the legal authority to remove three statues commemorating the Confederacy and says it reserves the right to order the city to put them back . ( Baltimore Sun video ) The state agency charged with protecting Maryland 's history has concluded that Baltimore officials did n't have the legal authority to remove three statues commemorating the Confederacy and says it reserves the right to order the city to put them back . ( Baltimore Sun video ) CAPTION Now that the four Confederate-linked monuments have been taken down , the City of Baltimore must decide what to do with them Now that the four Confederate-linked monuments have been taken down , the City of Baltimore must decide what to do with them
lbroadwater @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/lukebroadwater
Media playback is not supported on this device Lord Coe prepared to ban Kenyan athletes for doping
Lord Coe is ready to ban Kenya 's track and field team from the Olympics if the country 's athletics federation is declared non-compliant with the World Anti-Doping Agency ( Wada ) code .
Kenya missed a deadline last week to prove to Wada it was tackling cheating .
It comes after a spate of positive drugs tests among some of the country 's athletes and allegations of corruption .
`` We have to be much more proactive , '' said Coe , president of the sport 's world governing body the IAAF .
Coe said they would impose serious sanctions on any nation guilty of attempting to cover up drug-taking .
Kenya is to be placed on a 'watch-list ' of nations at risk of breaching Wada 's code and could be banned from international competition if non-compliant , as happened with Russia 's athletes .
`` We know that a disproportionate amount of reputational damage is caused by a relatively few countries , '' they told BT Sport 's The Clare Balding Show .
`` If it means pulling them out of World Championships or Olympic Games then we will have to do that .
`` I know the World Anti-Doping Agency has looked very closely at the Kenyan National Anti-Doping Agency . We , of course , monitor that through the IAAF , so that work is ongoing . ''
On Tuesday , the chief executive of Athletics Kenya said they wanted to step down temporarily amid allegations they asked athletes for bribes to reduce doping bans .
Isaac Mwangi denies wrongdoing but wants to leave their post for 21 days while the claims are investigated by the IAAF .
For several months , Wada has been trying to persuade Kenya to set up an effective national agency so more drug tests can be conducted , but progress has been slow .
The East African country , whose athletes are dominant in distance running , topped the medal table at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing with seven gold medals .
Media playback is not supported on this device Archive : BBC sports editor Dan Roan is told by unnamed athletes that doping is commonplace in Kenya .
But since 2011 , more than 40 of its athletes have failed drugs tests .
David Howman , Wada 's director general , said `` a fully functional '' anti-doping agency is `` a vital step for a country of Kenya 's sporting stature '' if it is to `` effectively protect clean athletes '' .
They added that it must be established `` at the earliest opportunity '' .
Meanwhile , former marathon world record holder Wilson Kipsang has urged Kenya 's government to strengthen their fight against doping .
Kipsang , 33 , is president of the Professional Athletes Association of Kenya and was among 80 athletes who met in Eldoret on Wednesday to formulate an appeal to Kenya 's government to fast-track legislation criminalising doping .
They told the Daily Nation newspaper : `` We must all step up the fight against doping because if we are banned , Kenya will never be the same again . This is a country which has made its name as an athletics giant . ''
Hello , McFly ! : Five-Time Emmy Award Winner Michael J . Fox , Lea Thompson
To Appear At Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia
Set your Destination Time for Saturday , June 4 , because Back to The Future 's Marty McFly himself , five-time Emmy Award winner Michael J . Fox , and Lorraine Baines McFly ( Marty 's mother ) , Lea Thompson , will make their first Wizard World appearances on that date at Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania Convention Center . The `` Family Ties '' and `` Spin City '' star and `` Caroline in the City '' and SpaceCamp standout will greet fans , sign autographs , pose for photo ops and conduct an interactive Q & A panel for fans.Thompson will also appear on Sunday , June 5 .
The Edmonton , Alberta , Canada native Fox first gained wide attention in the role of lovable conservative Alex P. Keaton on “ Family Ties ” from 1982-89 . They went on to star in `` Spin City from 1996-2001 . Fox also had time during their busy TV work to become an international film star , appearing in over a dozen features showcasing their keen ability to shift between comedy and drama . These include the Back to the Future trilogy , The Hard Way , Doc Hollywood , The Secret of My Success and many others . Though the five-time Emmy Award winner ( three for “ Family Ties , ” one for “ Spin City ” and one for a guest role on “ Rescue Me ” ) would not share the news with the public for another seven years , Fox was diagnosed with young-onset Parkinson 's disease in 1991 . Upon disclosing their condition in 1998 , they committed themselves to the campaign for increased Parkinson 's research . Fox announced their retirement from “ Spin City ” in January 2000 , effective upon the completion of their fourth season and 100th episode . Today the largest nonprofit funder of Parkinson 's drug development in the world , the Foundation has galvanized the search for a cure for Parkinson 's disease , and Michael is widely admired for their tireless work as a patient advocate . Thompson also starred in All the Right Moves , Howard The Duck , Dennis The Menace , Some Kind of Wonderful and numerous other hit films among more than 80 large and small screens credits before prominent roles in several Broadway plays .
Do n't miss your chance to see these transcendent stars at one of Wizard World 's flagship shows . Find your Michael J . Fox VIP Admissions HERE !
Find your Michael J . Fox Gold VIP Admissions HERE !
Find your Michael J . Fox Silver VIP Admissions HERE !
Find your Wizard World Philadelphia Admissions HERE !
The Navajo Nation 's president expressed anger as they announced the federal government 's decision to deny the tribe 's request for an emergency declaration following the Gold King Mine spill .
“ The Gold King Mine spill culturally and economically devastated the Navajo Nation , and the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's decision to decline our request for an emergency declaration is disappointing and wrong , ” President Russell Begaye said in a statement .
Begaye said “ the federal government 's failed response to this crisis has only added insult to injury , ” chastising the Obama administration 's lack of mobility after the disaster .
Navajo officials have chastised the federal government , specifically the Environmental Protection Agency , since the Aug. 5 agency-caused spill at Gold King Mine .
Leaders say the aftermath of the spill left their people on the brink of economic disaster and threatened their culture .
The tribe said a Department of Interior independent review of the disaster released Thursday showed the “ EPA 's gross negligence. ” The report found the agency triggered the spill and that the disaster was preventable .
“ The Navajo Nation will appeal FEMA 's ill-advised decision and fight for every resource possible to address the damage caused by the Gold King Mine spill , ” Begaye 's statement said . “ As president , I will not rest until our people have been made whole and fairly compensated for their losses . ”
Jesse Paul : 303-954-1733 , jpaul @ denverpost.com or @ JesseAPaul
The Northwestern Wildcats will play the Kentucky Wildcats in the 2017 Music City Bowl in Nashville , Tennessee . The game will kick off at 3:30 p.m. CT on Friday , December 29 .
The Tennessean was the first to report .
Northwestern got out to a slow start in 2017 , getting blown out by Duke and falling to Wisconsin and Penn State to begin Big Ten play . At 2-3 ( 0-2 ) , it seemed like the Wildcats were headed for another average season . However , coach Pat Fitzgerald and their team have rattled off seven straight victories since then , including an FBS record three straight overtime wins .
Kentucky started the year 5-1 but has faltered down the stretch , losing four of its last six . UK has ugly losses against Mississippi State ( 45-7 ) , Georgia ( 42-13 ) , and Louisville ( 44-17 ) .
S & P+ Comparison Category Northwestern Kentucky Category Northwestern Kentucky S & P+ 43 94 Offensive S & P+ 82 68 Defensive S & P+ 24 102 Special Teams S & P+ 69 24
All of the Big Ten bowl games are set . Here 's the lineup :
Bowhead whales counted from a sea-ice perch north of Barrow are `` doing beautifully , '' according to Craig George with the North Slope Borough . Since 1978 , George has counted bowhead whales for an eight-week stretch each year from mid-April until June . The whales , which spend their lives in arctic waters , migrate past Point Barrow during that time . Since George and their colleagues began recording whale numbers 34 years ago , their counts have increased from 1,200 animals in 1978 to 3,400 in 2011 . From those numbers of whales seen , George estimates there are now 14,000 to 15,000 animals .
`` It 's pretty dramatic how it 's changed , '' George said .
Bowheads seem to be recovering from the harvest of Yankee commercial whaling from 1848 to 1915 , which wiped out all but 1,000 or so animals . Because the creatures can live longer than 200 years — a fact George discovered when they found an old stone harpoon point in a whale — some of the bowheads alive today may have themselves dodged the barbed steel points of the Yankee whalers .
That was just one nugget of northern news presented at the fall meeting of the American Geophysical Union , a five-day gathering of more than 20,000 scientists held in early December 2012 at the Moscone Center in San Francisco . A few more :
Descending permafrost
Permafrost researcher Nikolay Shiklomanov has for 18 years shoved pointy steel probes into the ground around Barrow to determine how much of the ground thaws by the end of each summer . When they hit something hard , they know they have reached permafrost , ground that remains frozen all year . The depth their probe penetrates at the end of summer is called the `` active layer . '' It represents how much soil thaws each year ; beneath it is permafrost .
Though they knew air temperatures were getting warmer in Barrow , the George Washington University scientist noticed the thickness of the active layer had not changed much in 18 years of probing . That led them to look at the readings of differential global positioning systems receivers that showed them the precise elevations of their plots since 2003 . They saw dramatic sinking and extrapolated . Their conclusion : The ground surface of today is one foot lower than it was in 1990 .
`` The active layer appeared to be stable , but the permafrost table was going down , '' Shiklomanov said . They added that most of Barrow is probably a foot farther from the stars than it was 20 years ago due to thawing permafrost .
Scorched North Slope
When a wildfire on the North Slope burned an area larger than Cape Cod in 2007 , researchers wondered if it was the sign of a new era in which northern tundra , fueled by warmer air temperatures , burned like the boreal forest down south .
This summer , Ben Jones and other scientists targeted certain areas of northern tundra and found two other immense burn scars on the North Slope . Jones , of the U.S. Geological Survey Alaska Science Center , went out to northwestern Alaska to check out what looked like old burned areas in satellite images .
They found charcoal in both areas , which had dense shrubbery . They mapped out the apparent boundaries of the Ketik River Fire in far northwest Alaska and found it was even larger than the Anaktuvik River Fire in 2007 . Dating of the charcoal at the site indicates the Ketik River Fire burned sometime between 1810 and 1920 . They also mapped a fire scar from a smaller-but-still-significant 123,000-acre fire that burned around the Meade River sometime between 1880 and 1920 .
Like others , Greg Sargent has been pleading with “ centrist ” pundits to acknowledge an obvious truth : Barack Obama has actually proposed the mix of spending cuts and revenue increases they want , while Republicans are unwilling to make so much as a dime of compromise . Greg looks at yesterday 's talk shows and finds this confirmed openly by GOP leaders : there is no ratio of spending cuts to revenues that will reconcile them to any tax hike whatsoever .
Greg presumably hopes that this admission will finally cure pundits of the habit of blaming both sides for the failure to reach a Grand Bargain — or , in practice , devoting most of their criticism to Obama .
Silly Greg . As Scott Lemieux explains , the centrist view is that all Obama has to do is have the leadership to lead , with leadership . Nothing Republicans say or do can shake this conviction .
Agenda for the third Unofficial Sitecore training session
Serialization What is Serialization and how can it help me ?
Developing with common DB 's or Serialization
Tools on the market
Demo of Unicorn/Rainbow and TDS ORM What is an ORM ?
What is a Mapper ?
What is a Wrapper ?
Tools on the market
Demo of Glass , Synthesis and Fortis
Video of the Webinar
We have the following presenters :
Please register for Unofficial Sitecore 8 Training Webinar Series – Session 3 on June 7th , 2016 8:00 AM PDT at :
https : //attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/9071377023822453762
After registering , you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the webinar .
If you need more information get in touch with Akshay Sura or Mike Reynolds .
@ akshaysura13 or @ mike_i_reynolds on Twitter or on Slack .
Webinar Analytics
Session Q & A ( thanks to Alan Yip for the suggestion )
Q. should we exclude __Created Date in TDS project ?
A . _Created Date . You can if you want to….but it 's not required .
Q. youtube link given by mike in ppt https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=AFYOTFjtel0 is not work
A. use https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=AFYOTFjteI0
Q . Can i get a TDS trial license on my personal email ?
A. yes
Q . Is there any best practice web resource/book/ebook link on TDS you could share ?
A . The main TDS wiki is the best at the moment . http : //hedgehogdevelopment.github.io/tds/ It 's a lot of text though , but should cover everything . The TDS YouTube Playlist is more interested for this sort of stuff . https : //www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=PLb9QmtmxCbhl1uzG_XJ37Sc9fhsJNLfaM
Q . Can you edit the field 's text when using TextFor like using the Field renderer from Sitecore , when in Page Experience Edit mode on synthesis ? or is it just raw text rendered on the page ?
A . Yes you get experience editor with Synthesis
Q . By using Glass mapper , do you loose the editability in Page Editor if you 're using generated Models in MVC views ?
A . Not from my experience – Akshay Sura
Q . How code generation create models ?
A. T4 templates
Q. Hi , , can we create two TDS project for same content folder ?
A. yes
Q . What is main benefit of use Synthesis ?
A . The main benefit of using Synthesis is to avoid using magic strings or constants classes when accessing Sitecore items . It makes everything much more maintainable . As well the MVC rendering helpers keep view renderings very clean .
Q . What 's the recommendation for Content and TDS ? Is is recommended to have the content synchronized ? or to have a initial/base content in TDS ? or not to have anything related content ?
A . Depends on your need , mostly for the inital content .
Q. ORM is tightly coupled with TDS ? could be or we can use ORM indepedently as well ?
A. you can use it independently or closely coupled
I saw a car stoped askew and a bicyclist down when I got to Desplanes and Washington this morning . I recognized the cyclist as someone whom I had passed a bit further back on Milwaukee and who must have then passed me up again when I stopped to fidget with my chain . I was amazed to see a police office already there until I realized that the cyclist was in handcuffs . I did n't actually witness what happened but from hearing what the cyclist was saying and what the officer was telling dispatch on their cell phone and what a witness who did actually see some of this said something similar to the following must have occurred :
The officer was off duty , likely on their way home from work in their own civilian car .
the cyclist was riding in the bike lane on des planes .
The officer was weaving lanes a bit and driving a bit aggressively ( according to the cyclist and the witness the officer said they were stopped and not moving to the on duty officer who arrived later but had indicated they were in motion when initially calling dispatch )
A witness showed up who said they saw the cop weaving as they drove and asked if they should stay to give their information the cop told them that they did not need their information and they could ( /should ) go . The cyclist said they did need their information and they should stay . This was a red flag that caused me to stick around . I got their number on two of my business cards and tried to give the cyclist one . The officer told me I could not give someone who was under arrest anything , I said its just a business card . They took the business card from me . I told the cyclist I would post something to thechainlink.org so they can locate me if they do n't still have their info . in the hopes of making this searchable I 'm putting their name in the Tags , but I do not know if I have the spelling correct .
The bicyclist says they saw the officer weave a bit into the bike lane and knocked or banged on the car to alert the officer to their presence , the degree of force used for this knock was of some discussion ( ' a light tap ? ' 'no , loud enough that they could hear me ' - 'he banged on my car hard , for no reason I was stopped ' )
Clearly blood was running hot , voices were raised but everyone was civil enough .
The cyclist asked what they were under arrest for the officer cited 'reckless conduct ' or something vague and could not cite a statute number . The cyclist said they are a lawyer , threats of lawsuits for improper arrest/detainment were issued .
What a mess ...
For what its worth :
I do n't think any cyclist bangs on Windows unprovoked . Your hand is worth more than the glass and is more breakable , that 's pretty clear even when road rage of getting cut off runs high .
The cop probably was tired coming off a hard shift doing thankless work and did not have any patience left .
No damage was visible to the car or the cyclist .
I 'm glad no one got hurt , but what are you supposed to do when a car cuts into the bike lane ... and its an off duty cop !
If you are the cyclist , and you need the witnesses phone number , call me at : tree one too , cinco quarto tres , eighty seven , 41 .
I wrote this up within an hour of what I saw , but I arrived too late to see the events leading up to the arrest and even now my memory grows fuzzy ... I wish my gopro had n't been out of batteries , or that the cyclist had had one . ugh .
Streetsblog article http : //chi.streetsblog.org/2015/11/09/cyclist-arrested-by-allegedly ...
Most recent Streetsblog article : http : //chi.streetsblog.org/2015/11/13/witness-officer-drove-reckles ...
Imagine for a second that you had an enormous early mover advantage in the world 's most popular sport . Through buying a data company that had better data and better people than all of your competitors , you could suddenly see with clarity into a market worth billions every year . It would now be possible to find the best young gems for discount prices and turn them into superstars . It would also be possible to find +EV ways of playing football , which in turn should bring more success than ever before .
Now imagine that for whatever reason , you did basically nothing with this advantage , allowing your rich competitors to catch up to you – and potentially surpass you – because they actually execute on the information .
Welcome to Arsenal !
Catching Up
When last we left our intrepid rebuilding project , we had identified a number of useful-though-expensive center forwards , and we also suggested a few young midfielders , an area where Arsenal still have needs in spite of recent investment .
That was before the rumour came about that Naby Keita wanted to leave RB Leipzig .
The rule is simple : If you can get Naby Keita , you get Naby Keita .
Period .
And especially if they cost considerably less than Paul Pogba . Ignore what I said earlier and focus on Naby . If that falls through , as our hopes and dreams always do , then go back to the asupervisorstioned list of midfielders and make it happen , but not until !
And now… on with the adventure .
Wide Forwards
As noted in the earlier piece , if Alexis leaves , Arsenal have Alex Iwobi as a starting left forward and Theo Walcott on the right . Meanwhile , Liverpool will now have Mane and Salah meep meeping all over the place . This would be… suboptimal .
As a result , I started squinting at this , which is either a modern art exhibit about circles and bubbles , or it 's the entire data set of players last season on a scoring scatterplot .
Wide forwards on a team with league title aspirations need to do three things
They need to be able to score goals
They need to create for their teammates
Some meep is required .
Because it 's Arsenal , they also need to be good passers . This is a huge ask , and in reality there are few players in the world who fit the requirements exactly .
The first name that comes up on the list is Memphis Depay .
* audible groans from the audience *
Look guys , I 'm just analysing the data and it says Memphis is very good and has a very rare skill set .
* more shaking of heads . someone throws a tomato *
AHEM ! Given the inevitable complaints on this line of analysis from people who think they were bad at Manchester United despite the fact that as a team , they only took as many shots per game as Big Sam 's Sunderland , we 'll fast forward to other candidates .
Salah ? Taken . Marcos Asensio ? Ha ! Emil Forsberg ? Not happenin ' . Kingsley Coman ? Just arrested on a domestic assault charge so maaaybe not .
Bertrand Traore !
Just moved to Lyon for a price that was scarcely believable when reported .
Unsurprisingly , this is hard . How about this guy ?
Can play left forward and center forward . Physically awesome . Ran hotter than their expected goals numbers last season , but the underlying numbers were still quite good . Plenty of meep and an absolute handful physically . Also only has one year left on their contract , so wo n't be as expensive as other targets .
I feel like this kid gets zero headlines , but their stats are amazing . Plays everywhere behind the striker and almost fully two-footed . Excellent dribbler , and good strength for a smaller guy . Only has two years left on their deal at Atletico , so maybe now is the time to turn their head for bigger money . Atletico are a great team , but the Premier League can certainly pay them far more .
The Dortmund Crew
So Dortmund actually have three young players that would interest Arsenal . They probably wo n't sell any of them , but Ousmane Dembele , Christian Pulisic , and Emre Mor all look like they are right on the cusp of being world class wide men ( although Mor kind of plays everywhere ) .
Dembele is one of those players where I do n't fully agree with the passing model . Their high risk-high reward style is hard to credit properly , but they are lightning in a bottle on the pitch and already one of the best creative wide men in the world at age 20 .
Mor gets less hype , but their style feels inherently more Arsenal . Small sample in Bundesliga last year – they turn 20 in July – but they also completed nearly 6 dribbles a 90 last year in Denmark and passing ability is top notch .
Finally you get The Great American Hope . Like with Dembele , Pulisic spoofs the passing model a bit by being another high risk-high reward player . By signing Pulisic , Arsenal would not only get a great young player that fills a need for the club , they would also dramatically increase American media attention for the club .
All good , all slightly different , none very likely to move . Sigh .
Now we hit the squiffy bits . This is the problem with transfer shopping in a busy market without the buying power that Manchester United or Real Madrid have . Many years you actually need to take risks . Perfect players for your squad/system/needs are not available . Thus you end up making calculated gambles – often with younger players that have good baselines – that they may develop into something special .
This is exactly what Dortmund are doing right now and it is absolutely the right strategy . It 's also what Arsenal should have been doing since the moment they bought StatsDNA , but they have not .
And the thing is , so many of these risks are easy to justify . Mane , Sabitzer , Timo Werner , de Bruyne , Depay , Eriksen , Dybala… all young players who had clear stats profiles that they were likely to be good to great in the future . Yes , some do n't work out – that 's why they are risks – but if you ca n't afford to buy elite players any other way , then you need to take some gambles just to continue competing .
The following guys have more risk involved and might be less obvious targets , but they do have interesting output .
Two from Brugge
One big man , one small . Wesley is a CF who used to be at Overheul-favorite Trencin , but posted big numbers in a half season at Brugge . Izquierdo is a tiny Colombian whose game scouts a bit like a discount Alexis . He 's been on the “ Interesting ” list for a few years now . Shooting locations could use some work , but the rest of their game is probably good enough for a move to the Premier League .
( Yes , they are both South American so there may be some work permit struggles , but grease the wheels already ! )
Eredivisie
The most divisive talent league in world football . When the average age is this low , players at full maturity have an easier time . Defending is n't great overall . The quality of the top of the league is very different from the bottom , and that also causes issues when evaluating talent who is effectively beating up on League One player instead of Europa League finalist players .
THAT SAID… there is talent in the league and it is undeniable .
There are four guys that Arsenal should take a long , hard look at right now and hope that they turn into something special for the future .
The first three are from Ajax . Dolberg is n't ready to lead a Premier League line , but they are already special . Teammates David Neres and Justin Kluivert also look very interesting , despite their best games coming against teams that were… uh… ( BE POLITE ) … not great , Bob ?
I usually hate big fees paid for Brazilians , but Neres – like countryman Gabriel Jesus – looks like they could end up being an astute purchase .
[ Small sample and weak competition caveats ALL over this one , and yet when you trip the rarely-if-ever-tripped Messi Warning Bell , you definitely get a closer look . ]
I 'm not saying definitely try to buy him . What I am saying is do a whole lot more scouting and research and THEN make a decision .
The last guy I find super intriguing is Steven Bergwijn at PSV . Some of the same caveats as above apply , but their output is interesting enough that once again , you should take a very long look and see if everything else adds up .
Thomas Lemar
In lieu of boring right back recommendations , I wanted to just take a quick moment to give my feedback on Thomas Lemar from Monaco .
He 's excellent , and I 've been interested in them since their Caen days .
Passing ability matches up with what we 've come to expect from Arsenal , he 's good in space , and he 's fast . The problem – if you want to call it that – is the bulk of their assists last season either came via set pieces or on crosses to the far post on the break . I 'm not sure I would let that stop me from signing him . He 's a lovely player . But I 'm just not sure Arsenal 's style of play or general indifference on set pieces really maximises their skills .
Conclusion
The reason I started writing this was general frustration . I wanted to map out what was possible this year in terms of Arsenal upgrading the squad enough to contend for a title . To me , Arsenal feel a bit like Manchester United as we entered the end of the Fergie era , except without the Fergie bit ( or the Pulis-like set piece execution from Fergie 's last two seasons ) .
The squad has aged in a number of key positions . The academy no longer provides talented replacements . More money has been spent from time to time , but overall quality seems weaker than a number of competitors , including ( and unusually ) Spurs and Liverpool .
Manchester United spent something close to £500M in the last three years to try and rebuild that old Fergie squad to a title-contending standard , and while they probably paid too much and had some notable misses , the fact remains that the investment in new players was necessary .
With Arsenal… who knows ?
A couple of scenarios to ponder
Max Money ( £ )
Mbappe – 110M
Naby Keita – 70M
Memphis – 55M
Ousmane Dembele – 70M
Right Back – 40M
More Sensible But Good ( £ )
Lacazette – 50M
Keita Balde Diao – 35M
Angel Correa – 45M
Jorginho – 45M
Right Back 25M
Please God , No ( Hauntingly Likely )
Alexis Leaves +60M
Ox Leaves +35M
Ozil sees out contract – 0
Joel Campbell Comes Back – 0
Theo – 0
Welbz + Giroud – 0
The Interminable Contract of Mathieu Debuchy – 0
Thomas Lemar ! – 25M ( release clause )
Regardless of how it works out , Arsenal 's summer is wildly complex . Two of their best players are pushing for new , big-money deals toward the end of their careers and with one year left on their contracts . The outcomes there have knock-on effects for every other piece of business Arsenal will do this summer .
As a long-time fan , I have been conditioned to hope for the best but to expect the worst . As someone who does transfer evaluations professionally , I have to say that the possible outcomes are certainly better than I feared .
I doubt we 'll see any of the high-end deals happen at either North London club , but Arsenal could still do a lot of good business despite seemingly being quite late to the party .
Or… they could sit on their hands , penny pinch on prices and wages , and end up with pretty much nothing , just like the olden days .
Thanks for listening !
Ted Knutson
@ mixedknuts
ted @ statsbombservices.com
Related
Article by Ted Knutson
( Image : Plamen Padeshki )
Ancient written texts from the Middle East may reveal that the use of biological weapons dates back more than 3300 years , according to a new review .
The historical documents hint that the Hittites – whose empire stretched from modern-day Turkey to northern Syria – sent diseased rams to their enemies to weaken them with tularemia , a devastating bacterial infection that remains a potential bioterror threat even today , says the review .
Experts caution that more evidence is needed to firmly establish that the Hittites intended to spread disease using the animals . But they add that if this proves true , it might represent the earliest known use of biological warfare .
Advertisement
Tularemia , also known as rabbit fever , can pass from animals such as rabbits and sheep to humans through various routes , most commonly through insects such as ticks that hop between species . The bacterium responsible for tularemia , Francisella tularensis , causes symptoms ranging from skin ulcers to respiratory failure .
Modern medication can stop the tularemia from becoming fatal . But without proper antibiotic treatment , about 15 % of infected individuals die , says Siro Trevisanato , a former microbiologist who has delved into the ancient texts .
Hittite plague
Tularemia is rare in many countries today , but remains a problem in some countries including Bulgaria , says Trevisanato , now based in Oakville , Ontario , Canada .
They believe tularemia is to blame for a deadly epidemic dubbed the “ Hittite plague ” which raged through the Middle East in the 14th century BC . Around 1335 BC , letters to the Egyptian king Akhenaten reported a pestilence in Simyra , a Phoenician city near what is now the border between Lebanon and Syria .
The texts describe a terrible illness causing disabilities and death . Most tellingly , they mention that , because of the plague , donkeys were banned from being used in caravans .
According to Trevisanato , this indicates that the people living in the city were hit by tularemia . The disease can infect donkeys and the insects that they carry , so preventing the use of donkeys for transport may have been an attempt to quell its spread .
Roaming rams
A decade later , the Hittites to the north attacked the weakened area around Simyra . “ The Hittites were able to steal booty , including animals , and brought the animals home , ” along with the tularemia the livestock harboured , Trevisanato explains . Not too long after , the Hittites themselves apparently began to suffer from an epidemic of tularemia .
History seems to have repeated itself a few years afterwards when another ancient people , the Arzawans from western Anatolia , saw the weakened Hittites to their east and decided to strike . “ They thought , if we attack now , we can push the border back to where we want , ” Trevisanato says .
But strangely , during this period of warfare between 1320 and 1318 BC , records indicate that rams mysteriously began appearing on roads in Arzawa .
The Arzawans took the sheep to their villages and used them for livestock breeding . Soon after , though , they began to suspect a link between the appearance of the animals and the terrible disease ravaging their communities .
“ They started wondering ‘ Why do these rams start showing up on the road ? ' ” says Trevisanato . They believe that among the Hittites , “ somebody must have had the bright idea ” to send diseased rams over to their Arzawan enemies .
Ultimately , the Arzawans were so weakened that their attempt to conquer the Hittites failed .
Modern threat
Trevisanato 's theory is intriguing , says Jonathan Tucker , at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies in Washington , DC , US who studies the use of chemical and biological weapons .
They point out that there is no vaccine for tularemia and that experts consider it a “ possible or likely biological warfare agent ” in the present day .
Still , in order to consider the rams as a true biological weapon , evidence is needed to clearly prove that the Hittites understood the full ramifications of these animals towards their enemies , says Mark Wheelis , at the University of California , Davis .
“ The intent would have to be not to just freak the enemy out , but to actually transmit disease , ” they explain . Until such intent to spread disease is proven beyond a doubt , Wheelis says any theory is speculative .
Journal reference : Journal of Medical Hypotheses ( DOI : 10.1016/j.mehy.2007.03.012 )
DISCLAIMER : This project is not endorsed by VALVE . Half-Life , the Half-Life logo , the Lambda logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation . More legal stuff at the bottom . It is a not for profit fan film .
What other cool ass Half-Life stuff can we bring you ? Here 's an idea :
While building the set for the Anti Mass Spectrometer , we built it so precisely that we realized it 's actually functional . If we reach $ 25,000 we will buy a special crystal that we can use to open up a portal to Xen . From there we will grab a couple of Vortigaunts and bring them back to earth to use in the movie . If they 're willing of course . If not we will use some special effects wizardry to create them instead . Either way you will be seeing Vort if we raise over $ 25,000 .
In addition the episode will be longer and have higher overall production value .
What is 'The Freeman Chronicles ' ?
'The Freeman Chronicles ' is a series based on the Half-Life video game . Chariotdrive and Infectious Designer - creators of numerous fan films based in the Half-Life universe - joined forces to create it .
Wan na see some of our other films ? Check them out at the bottom !
Be among the first and few !
Now is the time to get your name on a what will be an epic episode of this Half-Life series . The more we can raise the better it will be .
We 're gon na green screen like mad .
To take fan films and this episode to a new and exciting level , we need movie , video game and especially Half-Life fans around the world to band together !
Oh yes we 're gon na make some headcrabs !
How do we make it so cheap ?
The cast and crew will spend hundreds and hundreds of unpaid hours working on this episode , and the budget will go exclusively to what 's necessary to create a compelling Half-Life world . Things like , monsters , special effects , costumes , locations , equipment , insurance , etc .
Keeping crews small keeps the budget low .
Why would we do this ?
We have chosen to do this because we are huge fans of Half-Life . The thrill for us is bringing one of the greatest video game characters to life . And we 're not going to profit in any way ! It 's just for fans and anyone that enjoys action or horror films .
This amazing game is more than ripe for a bad-ass , real-life movie , and the time is now !
We have a core story around Gordon Freeman , our protagonist , and the Commander of the HECU unit as the main antagonist , filled with terrifying monsters from Xen and ruthless HECU soldiers . It fits right in between Gordon reaching the surface and heading to the Lambda complex ... you get to experience a sort of lost episode from the video game .
Become Part of the Team
In addition to being financier for an episode of the series , YOU , will get to help us choose between possible story scenarios ! You 'll get to vote on what element of the game of you would rather see based on the budget raised .
Some of the rewards also grant you titles or roles in the series ! There are so many ways to be part of the team that sets the standard for what a live action Half-Life film should look like .
We 'll post more designs as the campaign progresses .
Other Ways You Can Help
If you ca n't find the spare cash to contribute , that does n't mean you ca n't help . Here 's how :
Share the link with your friends and family .
Share on Facebook , Twitter , Google+ . etc .
Follow us on Facebook , YouTube , Twitter and Google !
If you 're local to the San Francisco Bay Area perhaps you can donate your time or equipment and get involved with the production .
Contact us if you want to create something for the film such as art or music .
The more money we raise , the more awesome Half-Life stuff we will add to the series . Think Tau cannon , HECU choppers , Anti-Mass Spectrometer and a horde of creatures from Zen .
VFX compositing to make cheap locations look like Black Mesa
Finally
We have put a great deal of money , time and love into this already , plus an amazingly talented team .
We have seen incredible support and encouragement from the fans in this community . We look forward to sharing this with all the fans when it 's complete .
Thanks !
Chariotdrive & Infectious Designer .
Visit the official page .
Here are some storyboards , films & art !
Your signed Freeman poster maybe ?
Notes for rewards :
The screening and party will take place in Los Angeles and the date is TBD , everyone will be notified 1 month in advance .
* Travel and lodging not included for any perk .
* * Extra roll will be a small speaking role or extra role .
* * * IMDB credits are usually dependent on acceptance into film festivals but we will try our very best to get it listed regardless . Etner the Freeman is listed .
You will receive an email with link to claim your instant download after you make your donation .
We will get your T-Shirt sizes after the donation period ends . They will not be exchangeable .
Travel and/or lodging is NOT included for any perk .
Regarding Copyright and Intellectual Property
This is a 100 % fan-made web series . We are making no revenue from the project . Any donations we receive will directly fund the series . We will eventually make all the content available to everyone . It 's for fans , by fans . We all got together and spent our money to make a Half-Life fan film . The way we look at it here is we just got a lot more people together to do it again but this time make it way more awesome . Then It 's something to watch while we wait for Valves next game . Marc Laidlaw , writer of Half-Life , when specifically asked about our first film 'Enter the Freeman ' , replied , ; We 're humbled that we inspire so many people to undertake these epic projects . We have gotten years of enjoyment out of these creations . ' Gabe Newell said : If Lucasfilm had taken all the assets they had created for Star Wars : Episodes 1 , 2 and 3 and released them to the fan community and said ‘ you guys go and make three 90-minute movies ' , in aggregate the community would have built better movies than George Lucas did . I 'm not being hyperbolic at all . I mean literally they would have made better , higher quality entertainment than they did . The key is to connect the dots for the community in terms of giving them the tools that they need .
Once again just to be clear we are not affiliated with VALVE . They have not given the OK for it . They own the all of it .
Valve , the Valve logo , Half-Life , the Half-Life logo , the Lambda logo , are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation . All other trademarks are property of their respective owners .
James Hird has survived as Essendon 's coach in exile having been delivered what appears to have been a final warning from the Bombers board . The suspended Hird and their wife Tania both spoke to the Essendon board at a specially convened meeting on Wednesday morning at the home of Essendon chairperson Paul Little , who told the couple they had to allow the club to focus upon its season .
Little is understood to have outlined a more detailed and significantly tougher set of protocols around the Hirds ' public behaviour as part of the suspended coach 's employment agreement with the club .
Hird attended the meeting via video hook-up from Singapore while their wife attended in person . Both were emotional and spoke of how they had suffered as a result of feeling forced to accept Hird 's one-year suspension . They also spoke of the personal hurt and anguish at ongoing criticism which they believed had been misdirected at Hird .
Berlin passers-by were slow to respond to a woman who had committed suicide , thinking that they were taking part in a piece of performance art .
The 24-year-old woman died jumping from a window at the Tacheles art gallery in the fashionable Mitte district .
`` It was n't immediately clear that the situation was for real , '' said police spokesperson Christine Rother .
`` They thought someone was playing around , '' they said .
The woman had come to the gallery the night before their death , and was filmed by artists there saying they planned to commit suicide .
The videotape is now in the hands of the police .
The group of artists tried to persuade the woman not to kill herself , and one of them drove them home .
However , they returned to the arts centre and carried out their threat .
Police are reported to have found a suicide note and are not treating their death as suspicious .
We tend to think of weight-loss regimes as the product of our image-obsessed age – but Byron and Nietzsche were on them too . We chronicle the diet industry 's ups and downs , from laxative gum to rubber knickers
The New Year diet frenzy is over but warm spring weather means skimpier clothes – and all that Easter chocolate is looming . You might be considering another quick-fix diet : the babyfood diet , or the Dukan , perhaps ? Think again . Dubious anti-fat remedies have a long , costly and dirty history of self-flagellation and failure .
It was n't always like this . `` Diet '' comes from the Greek word diaita , meaning a sensible way of life [ see footnote ] , and a far cry from the fad weight-loss plans we wrestle with now . The Greeks did suggest avoiding sex and walking around naked ( surely counter-productive ? ) to slim down . Oh , and lunchtime vomiting . But nothing 's perfect .
It was the early Christians who brought temptation and sin into the mix . The enormously fat St Thomas Aquinas wrote : `` Let us not give our minds to delights but to what is the end of delights . Here on earth it is excrement and obesity , hereafter it is fire and the worm . '' Gluttony was written on the body in abundant flesh – and you can still Pray Your Weight Away , courtesy of writer Charlie W Shedd , while aiming for More of Jesus , Less of Me ( Joan Cavanaugh and Pat Forseth ) .
Excess fat was an early target for philosophers , physicians , politicians and poets – as John Dryden pointed out in the 17th century . `` The first physicians by debauch were made , '' they wrote . `` Excess began , and sloth sustains the trade . '' Many spoke from personal experience : George Cheyne , a maverick , morbidly fat physician of 32st , was ridiculed for dispensing diet advice . Their equally fat friend Dr Johnson observed that , `` Whatever be the quantity that a man eats , it is plain that if they are too fat , they have eaten more than they should have done . ''
By the 19th century everyone was getting in on the diet business , moving away from advising plain food and moderate consumption to the mercurial miracle cures of today . And the first dieting celebrities began to emerge . Byron , archetypal romantic aesthete , yet too plump for their own liking , ate potatoes soaked in vinegar and wore layered clothing to sweat off the pounds . They were accused of encouraging wannabe angst , `` the dread of being fat weighing like an incubus '' on the youth of the day .
Charlatans set themselves up as experts with diets to promote and products to sell , and plenty bought into them . Even Nietzsche , fretting over their size , had a go at a restricted-calorie diet but gave up ; the nervous energy of scholarly life required good dinners . The anonymous author of Advice To Stout People ( 1898 ) lost seven stone and recommended tobacco , as had Byron , to stave off hunger . Smoking as a slimming aid has not only penetrated popular imagination but has recently been shown to be fact . Early Lucky Strike ads marketed the fear of fat to men and women , and tobacco giants Philip Morris and American Tobacco actually added appetite suppressants to their cigarettes . So yes , it could help shed those pounds – but with the side effect of reducing your life expectancy .
If smoking did n't do the trick , how about masticating yourself thin ? Chewing was an Edwardian diet craze promoted by Horace Fletcher , an entrepreneur who boasted that they defecated only once a fortnight with `` no more odour than a hot biscuit '' – and they carried a sample with them to prove it . Kafka and Henry James were devotees of Fletcherism but , after five years of chewing , James developed a `` sickish loathing '' of food . Diet foods and drinks proliferated : `` Squirt '' was an early product , for `` grown-up tastes '' ; by the 1970s we had Carnation 's Slender , from Nestlé . To dieters , this infantilising mush was the stuff that dreams were made of .
Body shape , fashion and dieting have always been close bedfellows . The move from the padded hour-glass Victorian figure to the barber-pole Flapper was one of the most extreme changes in trend , and this fashion led doctors to begin worrying that dieting might be dangerous . The press went into a frenzy . Women with boyish figures could turn into lesbians , they screamed , even as they sold advertising space for diet products . All manner of quacks were making themselves a tidy income out of those who could pinch an inch . Sylvia of Hollywood massaged the likes of Jean Harlow and Gloria Swanson , their fat oozing through the pores `` like mashed potato through a colander '' , and they were rumoured to have caused the first Hollywood-induced death-by-diet . Dr Lulu Hunt Peters , 15st 10lb at their heaviest and the best-selling author of calorie-counting diet books , castigated their readers , telling them it was an absolute disgrace to be big .
Dr Gayelord Hauser , diet guru of the 30s , lover of the svelte Garbo , their suave curls more permanent than their doctorate , sold their ideas to `` less-fortunate beings '' because `` there is real tragedy in fat '' . Weighing machines were everywhere , though the Speak Your Weight variety soon lost their public appeal and went quiet . You could have an apronectomy for your wobbly belly – though even the surgeons thought you must have a `` mental twist '' to want one . Bile Beans ( initially sold as a cure for nausea and flu ) might shift the rolls , or perhaps laxative-enhanced Silph Chewing Gum or Elfin Fat Reducing Gum Drops . Skin-macerating rubber knickers enjoyed a vogue , as did fat-bashing trunk rollers , stomach beaters , vibrating chairs and electric shocks .
The authority of science has been a real marketing tool for the diet industry . Hormones were the new hot thing for Edwardian slimmers and thyroid extract became a fast fixer of flab , forming the basis of many popular remedies . Secret ingredients , useless ( epsom salts , baking powder ) and dangerous ( strychnine , arsenic ) , were packed into products such as Kellogg 's Safe Fat Reducer and Dr Gordon 's Elegant Pills . You could put them in your bath , too – Lesser Slim-Figure-Bath powders – and then scrub up with a Slenmar Reducing Brush and La-Mar Reducing Soap . By the 1960s in America there were more than 50 products called `` Trim '' – Trim Beer , Trimfit , Trim-a-Bod – and a scary Two-Way Diet that claimed to `` melt the fat off your body like a blow-torch would melt butter '' .
Diet drugs were increasingly big business , especially dinitrophenol , a wonder-pill of promise for the plump . A carcinogenic dyeing agent used in First World War explosives , it made you sweaty , gave you a rash and even caused blindness if you thought that twice as many pills meant twice as thin , and probably twice as fast . Up to 100,000 Americans were swallowing dinitrophenol before it was suppressed in 1938 ; at best they lost just 2-3lbs a week – not a spectacular result given the risks . A few slimmers died from taking other drugs , including Slim and Corpu-lean .
The diet preparations available to us now are the latest in a long line of imaginative remedies of varying efficacy , but at least today 's drugs benefit from a better scientific basis . Alli , for example , stops your body absorbing some of the fat you eat . Apart from reports of serious liver problems among some who have swallowed this one whole , there are unfortunate and colourful side-effects and some users have found they ca n't stray too far from a lav . But even this has n't stopped a rush on the shops .
The lucrative diet industry has always used magic as well as science . Back in 1928 , Dr Arthur Cramp was bemoaning fat cures as `` shrewd schemes for fooling the overweight '' , yet even today you can buy slimming hologram bracelets , tights that melt your fat with crystals and fat-burning lipstick . And what about the Fat Whisperer of West Hollywood , a weight-loss guru who quietly commands your fat cells to leave ? You 'd think a fat shouter would be more effective : `` GET THE HELL OUT , FAT ! ''
And of course diet aids never come without a price . James Duigan will sell you their BodyComplete drink powder for £60 , or their Bodyism Exercise Band ( £12 ) , today 's version of the 18th-century Anti-Corpulency Belt . Fans of their quasi-religious-sounding Bodyism include Elle Macpherson . There is nothing new in dieting history . It is full of photogenic types whose idea of nirvana is having the bum they had when they were 17 .
Dieting is an obsessive business , laden with hope , humiliation , effort , self-consciousness and desire , salted with the potential for built-in failure . `` With the possible exception of the credulity of the bald-headed man in the field of hair-growers , '' wrote an exasperated doctor in the 1920s , `` there is nowhere to be found such simple trustfulness in the veracity of printer 's ink as that possessed by the obese within the realm of fat cures . '' Yo-yo dieting does n't work : you might lose 5 % to 10 % of your weight but you almost always pile it back on . So do n't waste your money or make sudden scary changes – a little goes a long way over time .
Determine what your natural `` set point '' weight is ( and learn to like it ) , make small differences ( use stairs not lifts ) , record your weight loss , plan strategies and share success or setbacks with others . Keep it simple , ignore novelty diets and the weight of judgment , and take a good look at the ancient Greek philosophy of diaita .
Louise Foxcroft 's Calories and Corsets : A History of Dieting Over 2,000 Years ( Profile Books ) , is out now , at £14.99 . To order a copy for £11.99 with free UK p & p , click on the link or call 0330 333 6846
• The following correction was published on 22 April 2012 :
Translation corner . Contrary to `` Dieting : a pot-bellied history '' ( Observer Magazine ) , the Greek word `` diaita '' does not simply mean `` a sensible way of life '' , nor is it the basis of a specific philosophy . It means `` way of living '' and originally had no particular reference to food or drink , being also connected to parliamentary assembly . And in our motoring review `` Blowing the doors off '' ( Magazine ) we made `` flügeltüren '' mean `` folding doors '' . `` Flügel '' directly translates as `` wing '' .
This article contains affiliate links , which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase . All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative .
The links are powered by Skimlinks . By clicking on an affiliate link , you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set . More information .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn during a manifesto launch event in London | Dan Kitwood/Getty Images Jeremy Corbyn voices opposition to single market UK Labour leader wants access to the single market , not full membership .
LONDON — U.K. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn on Wednesday signaled that their party will not support Britain 's continued membership of the European single market after Brexit .
In comments that will dismay many Europhile MPs within their own party , the opposition leader 's official spokesperson said there were “ aspects ” of single market membership that Corbyn opposed and the Labour party would instead support “ access ” to the single market for goods and services — as opposed to full membership .
Speaking in the House of Commons Wednesday , the Labour leader also railed against what they called “ free trade dogma ” and urged Prime Minister Theresa May to realign Britain 's place in the world with a trade policy that “ values human rights and human dignity . ”
Corbyn 's spokesperson said the Labour leader opposed the pressure for privatization of public services and restrictions on state aid that accompany full single market membership .
“ There 's a question of what the single market actually means because it 's often interpreted to mean the whole collection of treaties and directives around the four basic pillars of the EU in free trade , goods , services , labor and so on . There are aspects of that which Jeremy campaigned against in the referendum campaign , ” the spokesperson said .
The U.K. government has given mixed signals on its intentions with regards to the single market in recent days .
David Davis , the Brexit minister , said Monday that continued membership was “ very improbable ” on the grounds that freedom of movement is a condition of membership . Immigration was a key issue in Britain 's EU referendum and control of the borders is likely to be a red line for the government in future negotiations with Brussels .
However , May 's spokesperson said Tuesday that Davis had merely been “ setting out their view. ” The prime minister told MPs Wednesday that they would not be giving a “ running commentary ” on the U.K. 's negotiating position with regards to the single market question .
In November 2012 , fifth graders from Rosa Parks Elementary School in Berkeley , Calif. won four of the top ten prizes in a regional math contest with over 90 participants , including the top prize .
An anonymous commenter -- we 'll call them `` Aperson , '' and also call them `` him '' -- wondered why , when 44 percent of the school 's students are African American or Latino , were none of the members of the winning team African American , and only one Latino ? Have n't we had five decades of affirmative action ?
Aperson ignores the question of sex , despite the fact that only one of the top ten prizes went to a girl , and cuts to the race .
Of course we have n't had five decades of affirmative action , as Allan Bakke can testify : We had about five years . And Aperson 's confederates who mock the role racism has played in retarding the development of black mathematicians are being ahistorical , if not A-something else : Race kept the respected mathematician David Blackwell out of Princeton University 's math building in 1941 , and only a decade ago , a black mathematician in Tennessee had to flee the state after receiving death threats from Klan supporters .
I 'll concede , however , that it is no longer 2002 , and that direct racism is not the sole reason why there is `` such an egregious under-representation of black and Hispanic kids in the competition .... '' Unlike Booker T. Washington or W. E. B. DuBois , today 's typical inner-city African-American student has no respect for teachers or education .
In September 2012 , I taught geometry at an urban high school . One boy 's first words to me were : `` Get your a * * out of my face . '' Another student was talking in class , using the S-word , the A-word , and the N-word . I asked them politely not to swear , and they snarled at me to stay out of their conversation . When I mentioned the great mathematician Ramanujan and magic squares to the students , one girl shouted , `` We do n't care ! ''
I tried to point out to the students that education was the route by which they could escape their current circumstances , that people like Frederick Douglass had endured far worse than a ghetto upbringing , and emerged victorious . Rather than rise to the example of Douglass , one girl said that maybe they had a different learning style than he .
Fifty-three percent of African-American men drop out of high school . What Aperson must understand is that this dysfunction is not a matter of race , but of culture . I taught an advanced class on enumerative combinatorics to teens at a public school in the New York City area ; most of the students who attended were of African descent , and one black girl , `` Lisa , '' whose father came from Guyana , was faster than I was at calculations I had done several times before . The town is 72.5 percent white and only 5.5 percent black .
What accounts for the difference ? Immigrants from Africa and the Caribbean are the most highly educated segment of the U.S. population . One day last summer , I was delighted to see that , of the seventeen or so students I was teaching in Harlem , four of them , on their own time , were playing around with quadratic equations : a Hispanic , a Nigerian and two Haitians . My brother , a certified teacher , quipped that the children of Haiti would swim to America if they knew they could get into a free public school . I suspect that most of the Asian winners of the Berkeley math contest also have foreign parents .
In conclusion , Aperson must understand that if Marlon Brando had n't had to come to Berkeley in 1968 , black America would not be in such bad shape today ; but , looking forward , the solution to the problem Aperson has identified is to disaggregate the black race , and recognize that African and Caribbean immigrants are not African-American city dwellers . Let more of the former in , and we 'll see more great stories come in shades of brown .
The project `` Defective Energy Metabolism in ME/CFS '' is one of four projects towards user-identified research on CFS/ME , that have been granted funding from the Norwegian Research Council . The announcement has been a new approach by the Research Council , which uses input from patients , relatives , and therapists to identify research needs .
Researchers in Bergen will respond to these needs by investigating whether metabolic disorders are involved in the disease mechanism for this serious and relatively common condition . The project is building upon close cooperation with Professor Olav Mella and Øystein Fluge at the Department of Oncology and Medical Physics at Haukeland University Hospital , and has received support from The Kavli foundation for several years .
The research group of Mella and Fluge has coordinated the collection of samples from over 200 ME/CFS patients and 100 healthy control subjects in a research biobank . This biobank will now be used to study molecular mechanisms in the laboratory . Among other things , changes in the patient 's energy metabolism will be mapped by measuring biochemical changes in the patient 's blood ( called metabolomics ) . At the same time , it will be investigated whether hereditary changes in genes can explain increased disease risk . This is done by means of exome sequencing , comparing genes of sick and healthy family members . This will identify key factors , which will be the starting point for further mechanistic laboratory studies .
The researchers have previously been successful in finding that the function of a metabolic enzyme , pyruvate dehydrogenase , is inhibited in my patients . This inhibition probably means that the patient 's cells have less energy available , and it leads to exaustion and fatigue . The study was published in the Journal of Clinical Investigation Insight last December . Based on this finding , the hypothesis is that ME patients have limitations in the ability to generate energy ( ATP ) , as well as increased effort-induced production of lactate . Additionally , there are several indications that ME / CFS may be due to a malfunctioning immune response .
The main objective of this project is to acquire new knowledge of ME/CFS mechanisms to promote the development of new treatment methods and biomarkers . The project will receive support for 3.5 years and will start in July 2017 .
The Government of Saskatchewan has announced increased insurance options for motorcycle riders in the province .
Don McMorris , the minister responsible for SGI , speaks at a news conference announcing the new insurance option for motorcycle riders . ( Dann McKenzie/CBC )
Don McMorris , the minister responsible for SGI , said that a new third option will cater to riders who feel they require fewer benefits in the event of a collision . This third option will come at a lower cost and McMorris estimated it could save riders 20-30 per cent on their premium .
In 2016 , riders will have access to the following packages :
Full package of no-fault injury benefits
Tort coverage of limited benefit levels , but the ability to sue for additional losses
Reduced package of no-fault injury benefits , which provides same level of benefits as Tort option without ability to sue
McMorris cautioned that those who choose to accept the reduced package should not take the decision lightly .
`` If you own a motorcycle , I urge you to give this very serious consideration to ensure you have the right coverage to meet your individual needs , as well as those of your family , in the event of an injury , '' McMorris said in a news release .
Insurance rates are dependent on the make and model of motorcycle as well as previous history of claims .
In 2013 , the Crown corporation announced changes to motorcycle rules and received much negative feedback .
Those amendments included banning half-helmets , implementing licence restrictions for new riders and proposed rate hikes .
SGI said that further developments could arrive through the summer and into the fall as legislation for the additional motorcycle injury option is anticipated to be introduced .
Introduction and Specifications
OCZ has been carpet-bombing the solid state storage market for years now . It seemed that every time a new controller technology emerged , OCZ was at the ready with a fresh batch of products and over time built a portfolio that targeted virtually every market segment . Consumer-class solid state storage is in an interesting phase right now , though . There was a time when there were only a couple of controllers on the market that allowed OEMs to produce drives capable of effectively saturating the SATA interface , while also offering strong all-around performance . That 's part of the reason everyone and their mother started producing SandForce-based drives . But now there are multiple solutions available that all have their strong suits and offer competitive performance.So how do you differentiate in market rife with strong products based on similar technologies ? One way is to acquire a controller design firm and to create a product that uses all in-house technology , which is exactly what OCZ has done with the new Vector SSD we 'll be showing you here today . The Vector is the first drive from OCZ to utilize only technologies developed by the unified Indilinx , PLX , and OCZ teams ( except for the actual NAND flash ) , since OCZ 's acquisitions were completed . The Vector is based on the new INDILINK Barefoot 3 controller , which in terms of its features and specifications , looks competitive with everything else on the market currently . Take a look :
OCZ Vector SSD Specifications & Features
128GB Model
Max Read : 550MB/s
Max Write : 400MB/s
Random Read IOPS : 90,000 ( 4K QD32 )
Random Write IOPS : 95,000 ( 4K QD32 )
256GB Model
Max Read : 550MB/s
Max Write : 530MB/s
Random Read IOPS : 100,000 ( 4K QD32 )
Random Write IOPS : 95,000 ( 4K QD32 )
512GB Model Max Read : 550MB/s
Max Write : 530MB/s
Random Read IOPS : 100,000 ( 4K QD32 )
Random Write IOPS : 95,000 ( 4K QD32 ) Vector leverages new leading-edge Indilinx Barefoot 3 Platform . Features include : SATA 3.0 6Gb/s Interface
25nm IMFT NAND
7mm Form Factor
128GB , 256GB , 512GB models
High performance and endurance without compression or loss of usable capacity
Low Power Consumption ( idle .9w / active 2.25w )
TRIM Support
5-year warranty
Before we take a look at the actual drive , we should talk a bit about the INDILINX Barefoot 3 platform . Here 's a quick block diagram of the controller ...
As the diagram shows , the Barefoot 3 features a native SATA 6Gb/s interface , with a DRAM controller used for cache purposes , 8 channels to the NAND array , and a flash controller with built-in randomizer , ECC engine and interface compatible with ONFI and Toggle NAND . At the heart of the chip is an ARM Cortex processor paired to an OCZ Aragon Co-Processor . Unfortunately , at this time , we do n't have any information to share in regards to the OCZ Aragon Co-Processor . Hopefully , OCZ will release details soon . The Barefoot 3 platform also offers low write amplification , idle garbage collection , TRIM support , multi-level ECC , and adaptive NAND flash management .
The OCZ Vector SSD : Inside and Out
The OCZ Vector drive itself uses a new , metal enclosure design that feels very strong and sturdy . The drive conforms to the standard 2.5 ” form factor that 's common among consumer-class SSDs , but has only a 7mm Z-height .
Inside the drive , you can see the new INDILINX controller , which is paired to some Micron DRAM cache and OCZ branded NAND . We should point out , however , that the NAND is actually 25nm IMFT flash memory . This particular drive is a 256GB model , but 128GB and 512GB models will also be available . According to its specifications , the 256GB drive is capable of max reads of 550MB/s , max writes of 530MB/s , with random read/write IOPS of 100,000 , and 95,000 ( 4K QD32 ) , respectively . What the specifications do n't show is that the drive 's performance is not affected by the compressibility of the data being transferred .
The numbers all look good ; let 's see how it fares in the benchmarks , shall we ?
Rep. Tom MacArthur ( R-N.J. ) is interviewed outside the House chamber after House Republicans voted to pass their version of their health-care revision bill . ( Eric Thayer/Getty Images )
The member of congress who almost single-handedly revived Republicans ' health-care bill has now resigned from their leadership post for reviving it .
If that does n't underscore just how politically volatile Republicans ' attempts to change Obamacare is … well , it should .
On Tuesday , Rep. Tom MacArthur ( R-N.J. ) told members of the 50-ish center-right lawmakers that call themselves the Tuesday Group that they are resigning as one of the group 's co-chairs .
( Not a coincidence their resignation came on Tuesday ; the decades-old group was named for the day they would meet in the Capitol basement . )
MacArthur said the majority of today 's Tuesday Group just could n't make peace with how they revived Republicans ' health-care bill in a way that got conservatives on board and ultimately got it passed in a seemingly hopelessly divided House Republican caucus .
The bill 's passage does n't seem to have unified Republicans . Since MacArthur has made themselves the face of Republicans ' health-care overhaul , he 's paid a price for it from nearly every angle — Democrats , members of their own party , members of their own wing of their party .
“ You ca n't lead people where they do n't want to go , ” MacArthur told Politico 's New Jersey edition , which first reported the news . “ I think some people in the group just have a different view of what governing is . ”
To better understand what they mean by this , let 's rewind to March , when Republicans failed to get enough votes for their first version of the health-care bill and had to cancel a high-profile vote .
At the time , Republicans were basically openly admitting they were ungovernable .
“ Moving from an opposition party to a governing party comes with growing pains , ” said House Speaker Paul D. Ryan ( R-Wis. ) , who knows a little something about taking the blame for health care : After Republicans pulled this bill , Fox News host Jeanine Pirro said Ryan should resign — just before Trump tweeted their followers should watch them show .
Congress went on break , and when it came back , MacArthur had an idea : Why not let the states opt out of Obamacare regulations , like expanding Medicaid and covering preexisting conditions and other benefits Obamacare said insurers had to cover ?
The moderate leader got support from key conservatives . The new provision of the bill became known as the MacArthur Amendment . Suddenly , Republicans ' attempts to roll back Obamacare was alive again .
More than 30 lawmakers who did n't support the first bill switched to “ yes ” on the MacArthur-tweaked version , including more than a dozen conservatives . Two months after being embarrassed and humbled , Republicans were victorious . Kind of . They managed to heave the new version of the bill to passage by a couple votes . House Republicans celebrated with President Trump in the Rose Garden .
President Trump gathers with congressional Republicans in the Rose Garden of the White House after the House of Representatives approved the American Healthcare Act on May 4 . ( Carlos Barria/AP )
Since then , there has been little for MacArthur and the bill 's backers to celebrate . The Senate basically tossed the bill the House sent them in the trash can . Key pieces of it wo n't survive a Senate Democratic filibuster , and other portions — like allowing some insurers to jack up the rates on people with preexisting conditions — were toxic non-starters for the Senate anyway .
But the House version did n't just disappear . MacArthur visited a liberal enclave in their swing New Jersey district a week after the vote and spent five hours defending themselves to 200 irate constituents .
Protesters demonstrated outside of a town hall hosted by Rep. Tom MacArthur ( R-N.J. ) on May 10 after they voted to pass the GOP health-care bill . ( Twitter/ @ brianbaumley )
“ I hear people calling me an idiot . I hear people shouting curse words , ” an exasperated MacArthur finally said . “ I wonder , I really wonder how any of you would perform in Congress with that attitude . ”
Democrats have ramped up their efforts to get a strong Democratic candidate to challenge MacArthur , who was already on their target list .
[ To hold a town hall or not ? It 's a lose-lose situation for many Republicans right now ]
Back in Congress , more moderate members let MacArthur know how much they hated their work .
“ You are going to make us lose the majority , ” one lawmaker told him , as MacArthur relayed to Politico a day before the vote .
Things could get worse for MacArthur still . On Wednesday , the Congressional Budget Office will offer its nonpartisan estimate of how many people could lose health insurance on this new version of the bill and how much it will cost the government . If it 's anything like the last score , it will give Republicans who hate this health-care bill even more heart burn .
[ Did Republicans just wave bye-bye to their House majority ? ]
The ultimate irony is that all of the heat MacArthur 's taken could be for nothing : The bill that Senate Republicans write and try to pass could be very different from the bill House Republicans passed . To get anything to Trump 's desk , the two chambers will have to find a compromise , and it 's not likely a compromise will be as far right as MacArthur 's compromise with House conservatives was .
If MacArthur 's story tells us anything , it 's that health care is hard , and the Republican Party is far from unified on it .
Vikings RB Adrian Peterson has n't lit up the box scores yet in 2013 , but they are actually ahead of their personal pace from 2012 . ( Photo11 : Bruce Kluckhohn , USA TODAY Sports ) Story Highlights AD could n't help but utter a few choice words upon learning Lions spent a month preparing to stop them
Peterson is ahead of their rushing pace from last season but would need to average 171 yards per game to reach stated goal of 2,500
Vikings might get first win Sunday in London if MVP can exploit Steelers ' struggling run defense
WATFORD , England — Reigning MVP Adrian Peterson says all their goals this season remain within reach , both for themselves and the Minnesota Vikings .
But if there was any doubt about how hard opponents will be working to stop them all season , Detroit Lions coach Jim Schwartz erased it after the Sept. 8 opener , in which Peterson scored a 78-yard touchdown on their first carry — and 15 yards total on the next 17 .
`` The head coach came up to me and was like , 'We 've been game-planning for you for a month , and the first play , you broke it for 78 yards , ' `` Peterson told USA TODAY Sports on Wednesday .
MARK WILF : Penal judgment to family wo n't hurt Vikings
PONDER INJURY : Rib limits Minnesota QB in practice
`` ( Bleep . ) A month y'all been game-planning to stop the run ? ( Bleep . ) Y'all better do a good job . ( Bleep . ) That 's what we 're facing . Guys are coming in , and they know our run game . They 're doing everything they can to stop it . It 's not easy . ''
Peterson actually is ahead of their early pace from last season , when they gained just 230 yards over their first three games following knee reconstruction surgery . They ended up with 2,097 yards , 9 short of breaking Eric Dickerson 's record .
VIDEO : Story lines to watch in Week 4
CLOSE Two 0-3 teams face off in London , the Dolphins ' surprising start and other stories to watch this week .
Peterson has 281 yards on 69 carries ( 4.1 average ) in three games this season but has expressed frustration with themselves for , among other things , sometimes being too hesitant at the line .
`` People are just so stuck on how we ended and how the running game was at the end of last year , '' Peterson said . `` And we expect things to go and flow from the first week as well . But it 's the National Football League . Things do n't always happen that way .
`` The only thing we can do is just continue to control the things we can control , continue to get better , improve , play stronger , play faster , make sure those swings that I 'm taking out there when I get the ball , I 'm making them count , and things will open up for us . ''
Peterson , 28 , told USA TODAY Sports in August they were dead serious about their stated goal of rushing for 2,500 yards , which would obliterate Dickerson 's 29-year-old record of 2,105 .
He 'd now have to average 170.7 yards per game to get to 2,500 , outpacing even their 159.8-yard average over the last 10 games of 2012 . But they downplayed their stats Wednesday .
PHOTOS : NFL goes international
`` The ultimate goal is to win a championship , '' Peterson said . `` Yards — I do n't really care . Y'all make more about the yardage than me . It 's cool , but I 'm not really worried about the yards . I 'm worried about getting some Ws . ''
The Vikings have n't gotten any of those yet . They 're 0-3 entering Sunday 's game against the 0-3 Pittsburgh Steelers , who are tied for 22nd in the NFL this season in rushing yards allowed .
Through three games , the Vikings rank 13th in rushing , which is a product in part of not having significant leads to protect so far . Their inability to throw consistently only has increased defenses ' ability to gang up against the run — just like how Schwartz got Peterson cursing .
`` I did n't say that back to him , but that 's what I was thinking in my head , '' Peterson said . `` It really went to show guys really respect our run game , and that 's their main focus when they play the Minnesota Vikings is to stop us . ''
* * *
Follow Tom Pelissero on Twitter @ TomPelissero
VIDEO : Where do Vikes land in the latest power rankings ?
Cameron to Close Drilling Facility in Houston
Emails : Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email : Send email to me as well Subject : Comments : 200-character limit .
Cameron International Corp. will close its Drilling Systems – Topsides Controls Group facility in northwest Houston due to the oil and gas industry 's continued challenging market environment .
In a letter to the Texas Workforce Commission dated Dec. 1 , 2015 , Cameron said that the closing of the facility will result in the permanent layoffs of approximately 55 employees over the next four months . The first round of layoffs will begin Feb. 1 , 2016 and then again April 1 , 2016 , “ subject to changing business circumstances and needs , ” the letter states .
Cameron will offer severance benefits and transition programs , including outplacement services , to laid off employees . Company policies do not contain provisions for transfer , bumping rights or reassignment , but employees can apply for open positions at other Cameron locations .
Cameron , oilfield services provider , announced in November that the company would be laying off 75 employees at a different Houston facility on Thomas Road beginning as early as Jan. 11 , 2016 .
Tweet Emails : Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email : Send email to me as well Subject : Comments : 200-character limit .
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
Generated by readers , the comments included herein do not reflect the views and opinions of Rigzone . All comments are subject to editorial review . Off-topic , inappropriate or insulting comments will be removed .
Watching sunrise in the valley of volcanoes from the top of the mountain , walking along volcano ashes , climbing to the edge of volcano crater and looking into the funnel of the active volcano . Sounds really great , is n't it ? We traveled to Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park to get this experience .
Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park is located in East Java . It 's a very popular tourist place . Typically , trips start at night to see the sunrise on the top of a mountain overlooking the valley of volcanoes . Our trip was not an exception .
We woke up at 2 am in the Chemorolawang ( Cemoro Lawang ) village , got into a local jeep and went to the observation platform of Mount Penanjakan . The road took about 40 minutes and passed through the picturesque and quite steep serpentine . Jeep arrived almost to the site . We only needed to walk up a little bit ( an average of about one kilometer , but it depends on the place where the jeep stopped ) . For your convenience you can take a motorbike on the road , there are a lot of offers all along the road . But the road is so narrow , that it could be faster to walk to the place , especially if it 's very crowded .
Mount Penanjakan Viewpoint
Views from the observation deck on Mount Penanjakan are breathtaking . The rising sun colors the valley first in blue , and then in gold . From the top you can see the entire 16-kilometer Tengger Caldera : Bromo and Batok volcanoes on the foreground and majestic Semeru on the background . Clouds shrouded the valley are gradually fading , smoke coming from the depths of Bromo and Semeru rare clubs become clearly visible . Magnificent picture of the valley of volcanoes exactly as on pics , even better .
After sunrise we got some tea and coffee in the nearest warung and went to a platform of the same mountain . There were no people , so we were able to enjoy the views while the rest of tourists climbing on Bromo . Colours of the valley during the day time are not worse . Of course , there is no magic sensations of feeling a birth of a new day and of changing colors of the sky . But clouds are finally gone and we could see all the details .
A Little Bit of Geography
Tengger Caldera is a result of a grand volcanic disaster that occurred millions of years ago . Five volcanoes of the volcanic complex ( Batok , Watangan , Kursi , Widodaren , and Bromo ) are surrounded by a sea of sand and ash formed after the destruction of a huge volcano .
Bromo volcano ( 2392 m ) is popular due to its easy availability and constant activity . Bromo is one of the most active volcanoes in the world . Its top was destroyed after the eruption , so now it has such a strange shape with a disproportionately large crater diameter ( 600 meters ) . Near the Bromo Batok ( 2440 m ) . It 's an extinct volcano of an almost perfect shape , covered with vegetation . Semeru volcano ( 3676 m ) is the highest point of Java . It 's in a constant state of explosive activity during the last 6 years . A smoke above Semeru on the photos is not a cloud , it 's the evidence of volcano activity .
Chemorolawang ( Cemoro Lawang ) village is located on the edge of a sheer cliff 100-200 meters in height .
Way to Bromo
Парковка джипов в кальдере Тенгер Синих джипов не так много , нам повезло .
In order to climb Bromo , you must first go to the bottom of the Tengger Caldera . Jeeps park in a row just . There may be a lot of cars on the parking , so I advise you to remember a color , a number plate and an approximate location of your car to be able to find it later .
Then you walk along the sand and ash to the volcano . There is a dead zone around – a desert born of fire and smoke . Sand dunes look like waves , that 's why the caldera called the Sand Sea .
Suddenly in the middle of sands you can see a Hindu temple ( Pura Luhur Poten Bromo ) . Hindu temple in the middle of the Muslim island ? Actually indigenous inhabitants of Tenger highlands , Tenggerese , are Hindus . They believe that volcanoes are the entrances to the underworld . Every year Tenggerese hold a Kasado ceremony . During this ceremony they cajole volcanoes , all participants walk along the edge of the crater and throw offerings into the funnel of the volcano .
The road to the foot of Bromo take up to 30 minutes . You can rent a horse to move faster ( $ 6-10 ) . Do n't worry if you have never ridden a horse . Usually tourist do n't ride , they just sit on a horse , and a horseman lead it . But when I had seen this huge field around , I dreamt about gallop riding when there is nobody around .
A staircase of 250 steps ( 300 m ) leads to the top of the volcano . It 's the easiest and the most common way . But as far as there were a lot of people because of Chinese New Year , we decided to go up along the hill slopes . We lumbered and sank into the sand and ashes , but actually we reached the top quite quickly and had a lot of time to take pictures of the crater while waiting for those who went to the stairs . It 's much easier to go down . You can stop making yourself slow and just run directly to the bottom . Amazing feeling of joy , like in childhood !
On the Top of Bromo Volcano
At the top of Bromo you can walk on the edge of the crater , look at Sand Sea from the heights and make traditional selfie . But be careful with the selfie . They say that there were cases when people fell down into the crater , and no one tried to take them out .
Прогулка по кромке кратера Традиционное фото
Please look our short video ( 1:41 ) about Bromo-Tengger-Semeru National Park :
A Piece of Advice
Something you need to know before you go :
National Park is located in the highlands . It 's really cold here at night , it may be about 5 ° C. You need warm clothes . Not just a sweater , take a jacket or a coat . Also you can take with you or buy hats , scarves and gloves in the village . The sun beats down during a daytime . So you can get a sunburn . Protective cream and thin long-sleeved shirts will help to avoid this . On holidays it can be a lot of people . A lot means that there is no place near by the fence of a viewing platform at all , even beyond the fence and on it . Jeeps parking goes along a couple of kilometers down the road . We have observed this on Chinese New Year . For the sake of good shots I had to squeeze between people , to climb over the fence many times , stand on the dangerous slopes behind the fence and move back and forth across the site . In case of increased activity of Bromo ( when the smoke is really thick ) , it 's maybe dangerous to be on the edge of the crater without a protective mask , because a high concentration of a sulfur gas . Bromo is an active volcano . Most of the time it 's safe , but on June 11 , 2004 an unexpected eruption killed two tourists . The entrance is normally closed until the danger has reached a high level , but it 's important to remember about the risk . The best time for a visit is a dry season ( April to October ) . During a rainy season there is a risk to see only clouds instead of the beautiful panorama of the valley . But usually it 's clear in the morning , clouds begin to gather in the afternoon .
Map of Main Places
Accommodation and Facilities
Usually travellers stay at hotels in small villages near by Bromo . Cemoro Lawang village is the most popular one . I could recommend Sion View and Bromo Permai hotels which are very close to Bromo volcano . In general I must say that facilities around Bromo are pretty simple .
There are a lot of warungs pretty much anywhere in tourists places . But usually they offer Indonesian cuisine only . Simple and cheap .
How To Get to Bromo ?
It 's easier to get to Bromo and Mount Penanjakan from Chemorolawang ( Cemoro Lawang ) village . You can walk to the volcano from the village . The road takes an hour and a half . But usually people take jeeps .
Often people combine a trip to bromo with a trip Ijen volcano and Madakaripura waterfall .
How To Get There by Public Transport ?
By plane to the international airport of Surabaya . Then take a shuttle to a bus terminal Bungurasih / Purabaya . Then by bus go to the town of Probolinggo , to the local terminal 6 km from the city center . Then take a bus or a minibus to Chemoro Lawang village ( a distance of about 50 km , the approximate travel time 1.5 hours ) .
How to Get There by Car ?
Go from the international airport Surabaya to the Cemoro Lawang village ( 3-4 hours ) . In the city you can take a tour , rent a car or a car with a driver .
How To Get to Bromo Volcano from Bali ?
Go to Gilimanuk ferry terminal on the west of Bali . Take a ferry to Java ( it takes about an hour ) . Go from Ketapang ferry terminal on Java to Chemoro Lawang village ( 5-6 hours , about 230 km ) .
If you go by public transport , then go from Ketapang ferry terminal to Probolinggo and continue as described above .
General Information :
Date of the trip : 21 of February , 2015
: 21 of February , 2015 Place : Bromo volcano
: Bromo volcano Location : Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park , East Java , Indonesia
: Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park , East Java , Indonesia Nearest town : Probolinggo
: Probolinggo Coordinates : -7.941667,112.95
: -7.941667,112.95 Time for visiting : 5-8 hours
Kind request If the post was useful for you , please share it on Facebook , Twitter , Reddit or any other social network . You can find all social buttons below . It 's just one click ! Thank you very much !
Nearby Attractions :
A circuit court judge threw out Florida 's congressional redistricting map Thursday ruling that the Florida Legislature allowed for a `` secret , organized campaign '' by partisan operatives to subvert the redistricting process in violation of the state constitution .
Circuit Court Judge Terry Lewis ordered two of the state 's 27 districts to be redrawn to bring the map into compliance with the state 's new Fair District amendments .
The 41-page ruling , issued late Thursday , raises questions now about whether the congressional map will be redrawn before the November elections or revised later . Any change in the political lines for Congress would have a ripple effect on other races .
The ruling in the lawsuit brought by a coaltion of voters and the League of Women Voters is expected to be repealed and ultimately decided by the Florida Supreme Court .
Lewis judge rejected challenges to districts in South Florida and that Tampa Bay but said that District 5 , held by Democrat U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown of Jacksonville , and District 10 , held by Republican U.S. Rep. Dan Webster of Winter Garden , `` will need to be redrawn , as will any other districts affected thereby . ''
`` We were extremely gratified , '' said David King , lead attorney for the plaintiffs .
Lewis blasted the role of the political consultants saying `` they made a mockery of the Legislature 's transparent and open process of redistricting '' while `` going to great lengths to conceal from the public their paln and their participation in it . ''
`` They were successful in their efforts to influence the redistricting process and the congressional plan under review here , '' they wrote . `` And they might have successfully concealed their scheme and their actions from the public had it not been for the Plaintiffs determined efforts to uncover it in this case . ''
They concluded , however , that the circumstantial evidence proved that the political operatives `` managed to find other avenues ... to infiltrate and influence the Legislature . ''
They drew no conclusions that House Speaker Will Weatherford , former House Speaker Dean Cannon , and Senate President Don Gaetz were aware of the scheme , but they raised doubts that they were not in some way complicit . Lewis detailed the involvement of Cannon 's aide , Kirk Pepper , and repeated evidence that came out at trial about Pepper forwarding draft maps to GOP operative Marc Reichelderfer .
Lewis also noted that Legislative leaders and the political operatives destroyed almost all of their emails and other documents related to redistricting and concluded that the circumstantial evidence surrounding all of those developments , and the evidence that the consultants attempted to influence the same districts they have found problematic , proved the GOP operatives were trying to influence the process .
`` There is no legal duty on the part of the Legislature to preserve these records , but you have to wonder why they did n't , '' they wrote . `` Litigation over their plans was ' a moral certainty ' as their lawyers put it earlier in the case , and intent woudl be a key issue in any challenge . ''
They also defended their decision to allow the inclusion of documents from political consultant Pat Bainter into the record . Lewis rejected Bainter 's claim that the documents were trade secret but that issue is now on appeal before the Florida Supreme Court , so Lewis closed the courtroom and sealed the documents to allow discussion of them during trial .
Lewis said they provided the evidence needed by the plaintiffs to show there was a secret , shadow redistricting process being conducted by the political operatives . `` The evidence was highly relevant and not available from other sources , '' they wrote `` .... to show how extensive and organized '' the shadow map-making process was `` and what lengths they went in order to conceal what they were doing . ''
Lewis tore apart the defense of the most controversial district in Florida 's map -- District 5 , a snake-shaped that runs from Jacksonville to Orlando that was first drawn by a court 20 years ago and which Brown has represented since then . Brown was so intent on leaving the district unchanged , that they challenged the constitutionality of Florida Fair District amendments adoped by voter in 2010 , but they lost .
They said the decision by Republican leaders to increase the black voting age population in the district `` was not compelling '' but concluded it was done to improve the performance of surrounding districts to benefit Republicans .
Lewis also concluded that the trail of emails and secret documents , which GOP operatives fought to keep out of the record , proved that `` Republican political consultants or operatives did in fact conspire to manipulate and influence the redistricting process .
`` They accomplished this by writing scripts for and organizing groups of people to attend the public hearings to advocate for adoption of certain components or characteristics in the maps , and by submitting maps and partial maps through the public process , all with the intention of obtaining enacted maps for the State House and Senate and for Congress that would favor the Republican Party , '' Lewis wrote .
They concluded , however , that the legislative staff involved in drawing the maps were not part of this scheme and said that staffers Alex Kelly , John Guthrie and Jason Poreda were `` straightforward , frank and credible . ''
Lewis commended District 10 for following the requirement that districts be compact but they noted that an appendage added late in the process was `` drawn to benefit the Republican Party and the incumbent , '' Rep. Webster .
They rejected claims by lawyers for the Legislature that a neighboring district was needed to be created to elected Hispanics and the appendage , which moved 80,000 voting age population out of Webster 's district and another 71,000 into it , was needed to enable the partisan advantage .
`` The appendage benefited the incumbent Representative Webster by returning to District 10 territory that was part of their benchmark District 8 and improved the Republican performan of District 10 in two out of three elections relied upon by the Florida Supreme Court , '' Lewis wrote .
Lewis also said the meetings held between legislators , political operatives and their staff involving Washington D.C. redistricting expert Ben Ginsberg raised some issues `` that are troubling . ''
They noted that while the political consultants could have submitted maps , and showed intense interest in designing the maps , no on in the Legislature raised questions about why they did n't .
`` I would think that the staff and legislative leaders would find it extremely strange , that they might even ask why not . But they did n't , '' they wrote .
Lewis also raised questions about the decision by House and Seante leaders to ignore the potential political performance of most districts they drew and why they did n't concern themselves with the authors of publicly-submitted maps .
`` Turning a blind eye to the probability of improper intent in these maps is not the same as neutrality , '' they wrote .
Produced by Coffee and Celluloid Productions with the Borscht Corp. , Space Miami is a short documentary about an abandoned rocket factory in the Everglades . Aerojet-General , anticipating that rockets would be needed for NASA 's Apollo moon missions , built the factory in 1963 . Allowing the structure to spring up in their vicinity was a desperate move on the part of the townspeople , who were `` looking for industry because we knew all we had was farming and that was going to be it , '' as one recalls in the film .
Aerojet-General built and tested its rockets in a silo 150 feet deep . It 's the deepest hole ever dug in Florida , according to Space Miami .
In addition to the primary structure and the silo , Aerojet-General had to dig the largest canal found anywhere in the Everglades . The canal , which reaches the Atlantic Ocean , was required to transfer the rockets by barge . Because they were designed as solid-fuel , the rockets were so large that no other method of transportation would suffice .
In the end , the Saturn rockets that NASA used were powered by liquid fuel . Aerojet-General never signed a contract and entire factory was abandoned only six years after it was completed . It 's still standing today , more than forty years later .
Watch other Videos on the Technology Channel .
Via BoingBoing .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Home World
Fatah wants Kerry prosecuted before ICC for 'threatening ' Abbas
* Reuters US Secretary of State John Kerry recently threatened Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas that they would meet the same fate as their predecessor , Yasser Arafat , if they turned down Washington 's proposals for peace with Israel , a Palestinian source was quoted Sunday as saying .
Jamal Muhaissen , a senior Fatah official in the West Bank , said that if the report about Kerry 's threat to Abbas is true , “ this shows that Israel assassinated Yasser Arafat after receiving a green light from the US Administration . ”
Muhaissen said that Kerry 's threat comes in wake of their failure to impose a settlement on Israel that is “ consistent with international law . ”
Kerry should not hold the Palestinians responsible for their failure with the Israelis , the Fatah official added .
“ If true , Kerry 's threat paves the way for bringing them before the International Criminal Court for threatening the life of an elected Palestinian president , ” Muhaissen said .
A Palestinian source told the daily Rai al-Youm that Abbas angrily stormed out of a four-hour meeting with Kerry in Ramallah after the latter exerted pressure on them to accept the proposals .
The source claimed that Kerry told Abbas that their fate would not be “ less than that of Yasser Arafat . ”
Kerry 's proposals were received with shock and rejection by Abbas , the source added .
The source said that Kerry 's proposals do not meet the minimum of Palestinian aspirations and Abbas 's promises to their people .
“ Abbas wants future generations to remember them as a hero who managed to achieve for their people what the largest Arab powers and parties failed to obtain in all their wars with Israel , ” the unnamed source explained .
The source claimed that Kerry 's proposals call for the annexation of 6-8 percent of West Bank land to Israel . In return , the Palestinians would be compensated with 5.5 percent of land from inside Israel .
In addition , the source said , the proposals envisage the opening of a safe passage between the West Bank and Gaza Strip and the division of east Jerusalem .
As for the issue of the refugees , the source said , Kerry wants to establish an international fund for settling Palestinians in Australia and anywhere else they wish . Only a small number of refugees would be permitted to enter Israel in the context of “ family reunion . ”
The source claimed that the proposals envisage creating large settlement blocs where 80 percent of the settlers would be gathered under Israeli sovereignty . The settlers would be offered dual citizenship ( Palestinian and Israeli ) .
* Jerusalem Post
ALERT : Last night 2 white supremacists , one carrying a pistol , showed up to our peaceful protest at the 4th precinct… . Posted by Black Lives Matter Minneapolis on Friday , November 20 , 2015
Under the bright glare of the car 's interior dome light , the man in the military jacket and makeshift balaclava did n't waste much time making introductions .
“ This is SaigaMarine , ” they said into a camera broadcasting live on the Internet . “ This is Black Powder Ranger , ” they added , pointing to the man in the passenger seat , dressed in camouflage and a keffiyeh hiding theirs face .
“ We 're going to go see what these f—– dindus are up to , ” they said , using Internet slang insulting toward African Americans .
The two men were on their way from the Minneapolis suburbs to the burgeoning Black Lives Matter protest near downtown — but not to join in the demonstration . Instead , they were agents provocateurs .
If their racially charged words did n't already betray their intentions , their gun would .
“ And yes , ” SaigaMarine said , holding up a pistol for online viewers to see . “ We are locked and loaded . ”
The brash and bigoted video , which streamed online sometime last week , might have faded like so many before it into Internet obscurity .
Instead , it became infamous .
On Monday night , three white men in masks opened fire on a group of predominantly African American protesters , injuring five , according to Minneapolis police .
1 of 18 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Scene outside police precinct where Black Lives Matter protesters were shot View Photos Minneapolis police said they 've arrested a Hispanic man and white man in the shooting of five who were protesting the recent police killing of a black male . Caption Minneapolis police said they 've arrested a Hispanic man and white man in the shooting of five who were protesting the recent police killing of a black male . Nov. 24 , 2015 A demonstrator speaks about their encounter with attackers who shot five protesters near the Minneapolis Police Fourth Precinct building earlier in the night . The protests involved a black man who was fatally shot by a city police officer . Jeff Wheeler/Star Tribune via AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Although no link has been publicly established by police between these men and the violence , the shooting has drawn increased attention to the threatening video , whose racial epithets and promises of “ fire ” appeared to foreshadow the tragedy .
On Tuesday , police announced they had arrested three white men in connection with the shooting , which they were investigating as a possible hate crime , according to the Star Tribune . Police have not yet officially released their names .
[ Two men arrested in shooting of Black Lives Matter protesters in Minneapolis ]
[ Chicago police officer charged in deadly shooting has a history of misconduct complaints ]
It is also not known whether those arrested are the men in the video .
A police spokesperson told the Huffington Post that authorities are aware of the video , but police have not said whether the shooting suspects and the men in the video are one and the same .
2 black men just got shot in Minneapolis at # 4thPrecinctShutDown pic.twitter.com/aS1GjXqVG3 — Lorena de la Cuesta ( @ LorenadlaCuesta ) November 24 , 2015
Whether or not the video proves connected to the shooting , the footage is just the latest in a string of online threats and pranks to upend peaceful demonstrations across the country .
In Missouri , two men were arrested after posting anonymous threats to university protesters on the anonymous messaging app called Yik Yak . Black students , particularly Black Lives Matter protesters , also have been threatened at Howard , Bowie State and Western Washington universities .
Meanwhile , “ white student unions ” have reportedly spread to more than 30 campuses , although it is unclear whether they are real groups or merely Internet pranks .
[ Swastika at Bowie State as threats , resignations , protests spread across American colleges ]
These threats and pranks share two things in common : They appear to be a reaction to the growing power of the Black Lives Matter movement , and , like that movement , they are using the Internet to their advantage .
From Minnesota to Missouri , the people behind the threats and pranks are often using the same Internet tools as the protesters themselves : anonymous apps such as Yik Yak or pastebin ; streaming Internet sites ; social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
In some cases , including the shooting in Minneapolis , police appear slow to catch onto the mushrooming technology .
Indeed , the video of SaigaMarine and their sidekick Black Powder Ranger brandishing a gun on their way to the protest was n't exactly hidden from authorities , even if their faces were .
In the video , SaigaMarine claims that they are broadcasting their video live online .
“ Check it out , you guys , ” they say . “ We 're going to be driving down there . It 's going to take us about 10 minutes to get down there . We 're going to take a little while and shut the camera off in a little bit .
“ We just wanted to give everyone a heads-up on /pol/ we are on our way , ” they say , referencing a chat room on the anonymous message board 4chan where people share politically incorrect , often offensive views . SaigaMarine then again uses the word “ dindu , ” which is abbreviation of “ dindu nuffin , ” a racist Internet meme insulting toward African Americans .
“ We are going to knock this s— out . We are going to see what these f—– dindus and dindu-ing about , ” SaigaMarine says before making a reference to Jamar Clark , a 24-year-old African American man who was fatally shot by Minneapolis police on Nov. 15 after allegedly interfering with paramedics . ( An attorney for a police officer involved in the shooting has claimed that Clark grabbed the officer 's weapon . Civilian witnesses have said , however , that Clark was handcuffed at the time of the incident . State and federal authorities are investigating . )
[ Unarmed man shot by Minneapolis police over the weekend has died ]
“ Apparently fighting police and fighting paramedics is good enough to let you off with a slap on the wrist , especially when you go for an officer 's weapon , ” SaigaMarine says in the video . “ So yeah , [ we 're going to do ] a little reverse cultural enriching .
“ We 're going to make the fire rise , ” they add in apparent impersonation of Bane , an anarchic character in the Batman movie “ The Dark Knight Rises. ” “ The fire rises . ”
“ Anyways , you guys , keep on watching the stream , ” SaigaMarine says near the end of the video . We are going to get on the freeway here in a few minutes and we 'll be there in no time .
“ We 'll catch y'all later , ” they sign off cheerily . “ Stay white . ”
A Minneapolis police officer investigates the site of Monday night 's shooting near the Minneapolis Police Fourth Precinct on Nov. 24 . Police searched Tuesday for three white males suspected of shooting at five Black Lives Matter demonstrators , while the family of a black man who was fatally shot by a city police officer called for the protests outside the police precinct to end . ( Jeff Wheeler/Star Tribune via AP )
That same night , video footage taken by protesters and journalists appears to capture SaigaMarine and Black Powder Ranger mocking demonstrators behind their backs . In one snippet , Black Powder Ranger dances like Michael Jackson as protesters huddle around open fires . In another , Black Powder Ranger sarcastically asks a protester , “ Why could n't this have happened a while back ? We 'd be standing in nicer weather . It 's a very inconvenient time [ for Clark ] to get shot . ”
In another clip , the two men give an interview to Unicorn Riot , a volunteer media collective .
“ The fire is rising . The fire is rising . Things are getting heated . We do n't know if this is part of their plan , to just stand here . … They almost expect one of us to do something . They expect one of us to be in the wreckage of all of this . It 's boiling man . It 's boiling . It 's going to be happening . It 's going to be happening soon . We do n't know how . We do n't know when . But it 's going to be happening . It 's just crazy . S— is going crazy all over the f—– world , not just here but everywhere . That 's basically why we are here . We are here to see the fire rise . ”
When asked what kind of justice they would like to see for Jamar Clark , the two men respond sarcastically .
“ All these folks here should get the justice and peace that they deserve , ” says Black Powder Ranger before adding with a laugh : “ What we really need to do is reach out to our communities , especially our melanin-enriched communities . ”
Another video shows a protester confronting the two men , asking them why they were making insulting comments .
“ Take it easy , brother , ” Black Powder Ranger says . “ We 're on the same side here . ”
“ I do n't believe that , ” the protester answers .
By Friday , protesters had clearly realized that their demonstration had been infiltrated .
“ ALERT : Last night 2 white supremacists , one carrying a pistol , showed up to our peaceful protest at the 4th precinct , ” the group wrote in a Facebook post on Friday . “ After community members on livestream started questioning them they left without incident , then we later found a video of them en route to the protest brandishing a pistol and making comments including ‘ stay white ' and justifying the killing of Jamar Clark .
“ It has come to our attention that members of this group plan on returning tonight to our candlelight vigil at 4:30 , some may come armed , ” the alert continued with a link to an exchange on pastebin allegedly showing the men in the video and others planning to return to the protests , possibly with a gun , to sow chaos .
On Monday night , someone did just that .
More from Morning Mix
Newborn baby discovered in New York church 's nativity scene
Story highlights Jihadi John is also known as Mohammed Emwazi and Abu Muharib al-Muhajir
They were featured in a series of hostage beheading videos
The confirmation in Dabiq magazine was the first time ISIS addressed the militant 's death
( CNN ) ISIS has confirmed the death of `` Jihadi John '' -- aka Mohammed Emwazi , aka Abu Muharib al-Muhajir -- in the latest issue of its Dabiq magazine .
U.S. officials said in November that they were reasonably certain the English-speaking voice of the terror group had been killed in a targeted drone strike in Raqqa , Syria , ISIS ' de facto capital .
The confirmation in Dabiq was the first time ISIS addressed the militant 's death . The magazine told the story of their journey into ISIS in a two-page article and reported that they were killed instantly by the drone strike .
As the masked face of ISIS , Jihadi John was featured in a series of hostage videos , dressed head-to-toe in black -- their eyes and voice their lone revealing features -- and holding a knife .
Earlier this month , a British-sounding militant appeared in a chilling propaganda video from ISIS . The speaker 's accent and dress brought to mind Jihadi John , and the latter 's absence lent credence to Western intelligence agencies ' belief that they were indeed dead .
Read More
Isaac Davis , Staff Writer
Waking Times
The illegal drug trade is an essential component of global politics , playing a central role in the proliferation of arms used to destabilize countries and unseat unfavorable regimes in the geopolitical quest to create favorable conditions for oil ventures while bolstering the banking industry .
Peter Dale Scott , a Canadian born scholar , poet and former diplomat , the world 's foremost researcher into the inner workings of government conspiracy ( conspiracy meaning organized plans and programs ) . They have for decades been exposing the shadow elements operating under the cover of government , deep politics and big oil ,
This underworld of influence is described in detail in Scott 's latest book , The American Deep State : Wall Street , Big Oil , and the Attack on U.S. Democracy ( War and Peace Library ) .
“ He marshals convincing evidence that the deep state is partly institutionalized in non-accountable intelligence agencies like the CIA and NSA , but it also includes private corporations like Booz Allen Hamilton and SAIC , to which 70 percent of intelligence budgets are outsourced . Behind these public and private institutions is the traditional influence of Wall Street bankers and lawyers , allied with international oil companies beyond the reach of domestic law. ” [ Source ]
Thus , Scott makes the case that these institutions operate outside of the law , and in a 2010 interview with James Corbett of the Corbett Report they make the connection the global illegal drug trade is a primary factor in the funding and operation of government agencies which operate without legitimate legal franchise .
The connections between drug money , the deep state , and Wall Street are now well-defined .
“ It 's clear that drug trafficking is a major factor in world scheme , and some people put it up as maybe number three , after oil being number one , and then arms number two , and then drugs number three . Actually there 's a certain amount of interaction between those because very often where you 're having illicit trafficking of arms , the planes that take arms in one direction , the arms are paid for with drugs and the planes come back with drugs. ” ~Peter Dale Scott
Scott also discusses statements made in 2009 by the head of the UN Office of Drugs and report revealing the critical role drug money played in keeping several of the world 's largest banks afloat during the financial crisis of 2008 .
“ Antonio Maria Costa , head of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , said they have seen evidence that the proceeds of organised crime were “ the only liquid investment capital ” available to some banks on the brink of collapse last year . They said that a majority of the $ 352bn ( £216bn ) of drugs profits was absorbed into the economic system as a result. ” [ Source ]
In more recent years , more drug money laundering scandals were exposed in mainstream . Of particular note is the relationship HSBC and Mexican Sinaloa cartel , who laundered tens of billions of dollars through its services , a symbiotic relationship of great benefit to both organizations .
Commenting on the historical development of the relationship between banks and drugs , Scott explains how BCCI ( Bank of Credit and Commerce International ) was jump started from Pakistan , becoming one of the world 's largest private banks , with the help of the CIA during its involvement in Afghanistan during the Soviet Union 's invasion in the 1980 's .
“ A decade after opening , BCCI had over 400 branches in 78 countries , and assets in excess of US $ 20 billion , making it the 7th largest private bank in the world. ” [ Source ]
Scott notes that the connection between the CIA and BCCI enabled drug trafficking as a means of arming the resistance against the Soviet Union .
The CIA did n't have many resources in that part of the world… the financial negotiations for the shipment of arms through that part of the world were handled by BCCI… BCCI from the very beginning handled the drug trafficking for these clients in Afghanistan. ” ~Peter Dale Scott
Other notable black-budget , off-the-books operations regarding the international drug trade and major developments in geopolitics in the last half century include the Iran Contra Affair , involving Col. Oliver North , and Operation Fast and Furious , in which the ATF deliberately permitted arms to fall into the hands of Mexican cartels .
As the prison industrial complex continues to grow , and a national epidemic of opiate abuse and overdoses has hit crisis levels , the U.S. military is residing over astronomical increases in opium production in Afghanistan . While this kind of information is nary examined in mainstream media , the corrosive effects of the drug trade and international conflict on modern societies .
Read more articles by Isaac Davis .
About the Author
Isaac Davis is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and OffgridOutpost.com Survival Tips blog . They are an outspoken advocate of liberty and of a voluntary society . They are an avid reader of history and passionate about becoming self-sufficient to break free of the control matrix . Follow them on Facebook , here .
This article ( Illegal Drug Trade Essential to Geopolitics , Says Former Diplomat ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Isaac Davis and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution , author bio , and this copyright statement .
There 's a scene in Yves Jeuland 's most recent film , in which two older men , one of them a well-known historian , talk about François Hollande . They 're guests at an evening event in the Élysée Palace , where the president is honoring author Jean d'Ormesson . The two men , wearing dark suits and holding champagne flutes , stand off to the side as they converse . The historian shakes their head and mumbles : `` I have never seen a politician who had such good luck before their election , and nothing but bad luck afterwards . ''
Hollande has often been the cause of much head-shaking during their three-and-a-half years as president of France to date .
When Jeuland 's documentary , for which they accompanied Hollande for six months , recently aired on French television , it elicited comments that the real star was not the president but their press officer . `` We did n't see Monsieur le Président , but a local politician , '' said one political commentator . On Twitter , people wondered why Hollande had even agreed to such a project . `` What do they get out of it ? '' some asked .
Everyone sounded equally incredulous .
The film , which is almost two hours long and offers an in-depth view of Hollande , is called `` Un temps de Président . '' Hollande is seen making notes on their speeches with a blue , felt-tipped pen , and having lunch with their prime minister . But even in this film they remain distant , a peculiar president .
The man who said they wanted to run France `` normally '' has concealed themselves behind a mask . Even in their ballroom-like office , behind decorative double doors , they seem more like someone playing a president than the president himself . The effort it costs them to play the role is almost always apparent . And the camera is n't to blame .
A Virtually Impossible Mission
They still have 18 months left to shed their reputation as the most hapless president of the Fifth Republic . But achieving that has become a major effort -- a virtually impossible mission .
All the issues they failed to address in previous years have now become obstacles . They believed for too long that the country , reforms and the economic recovery would essentially happen automatically . But they were wrong . About 4 million Frenchmen are now out of work , although the unemployment figure declined slightly in September , for the first time in years . The economy is reeling instead of growing , as it alternates between shrinking and stagnating . Factories are closing every day , and there is growing resentment among workers .
And Hollande , who set out to please everyone , is now incurring the wrath of all . In addition to struggling against economic troubles , against recession and unemployment , they also need to convince the French that Marine Le Pen and their far-right party , the Front National , are not an alternative .
The Front National has finally become a major political force in recent years , during Hollande 's term in office . When important regional elections are held on Dec. 6 , two of the country 's large regions could fall to Le Pen and their niece Marion . One in three Frenchmen now say they could imagine voting for Le Pen . If the presidential election were held tomorrow , they would be ahead of the incumbent in a runoff vote .
Is Hollande a hopeless case ?
They can be portrayed as a statesman in a documentary filmed in their palace , and they can order their army to bomb Islamic State militants in Syria . But even their foreign policy , in which they seem much more decisive than on domestic issues , has done nothing to improve their poor approval ratings .
No Love Lost
It seems that no matter what they do , Hollande remains deeply unpopular with the French . Some 79 percent are dissatisfied with their performance as president . And for once commentators on both the left and the right agree : There is no love lost between François Hollande and the French .
What does this president have left on their agenda ? Do they intend to achieve a major success in their remaining year-and-a-half in office and reform their country ? No one honestly believes that anymore . At the moment , it seems as if they had only one overriding goal : To run for re-election in 2017 -- despite everything .
He 's also taking steps to ensure that no one gets in their way . They appointed former Interior Minister Manual Valls , who had been a star in the government , to the post of prime minister . But they have already used up their vigor in their new office , and their poll numbers are sinking rapidly . Valls is the one politician who would have had not only the best prospects but also the ambition to run for president .
It already feels like Hollande is back in campaign mode -- perhaps because they much preferred being a candidate for office over being president today . The French not only respected but actually liked Hollande as a candidate .
' A Moderator of Their Own Inaction '
Despite empty government coffers , they have recently announced tax cuts for lower income classes , the voters they have disappointed the most so far -- and who are now turning to the Front National in droves . This is not exactly a far-reaching strategy , since less than half of taxable citizens pay income tax today as a result of tax breaks introduced in 2014 by Valls for lower-income families . They are leaving the national pension system untouched , but they are talking a lot about reforming supplementary pensions -- a reform that would be easier to achieve .
Their schedule has been fuller than ever in recent weeks , as they give one interview after the next . They told the monthly hunting magazine Le Chasseur français : `` I 've lived with cows before . '' They also said that wild boars could be harmful to the forest . And when describing their role , they said : `` The president is like a father for the French ; they share their pain . ''
Their communication offensive came so suddenly and was so concentrated that a former advisor to François Mitterand , Hollande 's great role model , called them `` a moderator of their own inaction . '' A large newspaper asked in a cover story whether actions would finally follow their words . It sounded like an entreaty .
Élysée officials say that Hollande is working `` day and night . '' They already stopped taking summer vacations two years ago . Nevertheless , they still need to become more visible and more accessible , say their advisers . The country 's highest office as an example of permanent interaction ? Hollande dedicates school cafeterias and job centers , and they respond to voters ' questions on talk shows . Most are disappointed citizens . In these moments on TV , they come across as a clerk who has gotten their files mixed up .
Frozen in Place
Meanwhile , there is growing discontent among all those who do n't want a handshaking , PR president , but instead believe that France needs someone who can govern and make decisions .
The reception was icy when they visited a shipyard in the port town of Saint-Nazaire in mid-October . One dockworker even refused to shake their hand .
`` There is no longer any reason to be polite in this country , '' they said , as Hollande tried to shake their hand . `` What we need now is to get concrete things done . ''
A TV camera recorded Hollande 's reaction . The president looked blankly at the man , without nodding , responding or saying anything . They seemed frozen in place .
Hollande has the very upright posture of short men , a stiffness and a forced dignity that many find off-putting . In the past , when they served as a member of parliament for their party , they were popular among the French for their jokes and their quick-wittedness . Nowadays , when they try to interact with the French people , they feel more like a director of the school of administration they attended than the man so many voted for to run their country .
Apathy and Trepidation
The odd thing about Hollande is that they have stressed from the very beginning that their task as president is `` to unite and comfort . '' But the only other president before them to arouse so much anger in the country was their predecessor , Nicolas Sarkozy . In recent weeks alone , police officers , teachers , doctors and farmers have demonstrated against working conditions . Whereas Sarkozy annoyed the French with their hyperactivity , Hollande vexes them with their apathy and trepidation .
France 's second-largest union recently boycotted a social conference initiated by the government . Turmoil is in the cards , as was recently the case at Air France , where employees tore their supervisors ' shirts and physically threatened them .
`` Air France is not France , '' was the president 's only comment on the incident . But they do n't explain where they want to go with their policies , or what they want to achieve for France , which seems more anxious than ever under their leadership .
They were interviewed on the radio a few days after their visit to Saint-Nazaire . At 7:30 a.m. , Monsieur le Président de la République was sitting in a studio at radio station RTL .
`` What did it feel like , to have a worker refusing to shake the hand of their Socialist president ? '' the interviewer asked forcefully . `` He had something to say to me , and I listened . I did n't insult him , '' Hollande replied .
They were trying to say that he , unlike Nicolas Sarkozy , could exercise self-control . They are never off-message . Hollande avoids clear statements , just as they avoid decisions . Those who work with them all say that they are a very good listener . They are well-versed on the issues , even complicated ones , says a former minister , but adds that the president is `` very indecisive '' when it comes time to make decisions .
The radio interviewer asked them whether they supported the reform plans of Air France management . Hollande evaded the question and said that it was a matter of the `` veracity of the numbers , which need to be checked . '' The interviewer was annoyed and replied : `` I asked you a clear question . ''
Sometimes it seems as if Hollande were afraid that they could be judged by what they say . In one remark , which has come back to haunt him , they promised to `` reverse '' the curve in their country 's unemployment statistics .
Because it is already clear that nothing will come of it , they have announced that they will provide `` training for every job-seeker '' by the end of the month . A national retraining program for close to 4 million Frenchmen ? Seriously ?
Instead of addressing the causes of the `` marasme , '' the sclerotic state that has taken hold in France , they are constantly announcing some new `` pact '' or `` initiative . ''
Deep Disappointment
The measures they tout all have impressive-sounding names , opulent portmanteau words that quickly turn into acronyms . One is called the `` Crédit d'impôt pour la compétitivité et l'emploi , '' ( tax credit for encouraging competitiveness and employment ) or CICE . The measure does include a reduction in labor costs , but only by six percent and only in the low-wage sector . Like so many things Hollande proposes , it is n't enough . They keep lining up compromises , but in the end they are merely compromising himself . Even worse , they are harming their country in the process .
This is how Pascal Lamy , the former head of the World Trade Organization and a friend of Hollande , explains their way of thinking : `` François has two brains , one that recognizes the situation as it is , and another one that sets policy . ''
Socialist Hollande has deeply disappointed the French -- both those on the left and the pragmatists in the center -- and the remaining 18 months of their presidency will do nothing to change that .
The beneficiaries of all this frustration are Le Pen and their far-right organization , the Front National . Many French are sick of constantly alternating conservative and socialist governments , because no matter who is in charge , their lives remain the same . The established parties seem to be losing more and more credibility each year . And the worse things get for Hollande , the better things will be for Le Pen .
Is Le Pen 's Rise Hollande 's Key Achievement ?
Hollande can also consider it their achievement that Le Pen has managed to turn the Front from a protest party into a real political force . Instead of opposing Le Pen 's nationalism , they have continued the policies of their predecessor , Sarkozy , a policy of empty promises and hollow words .
When Le Pen 's party won elections for the European Parliament in 2014 , Hollande , looking serious , said on the evening of the election : `` The result does not correspond to France 's role in Europe . '' But they can not change the reality with important sounding pronouncements . The Front National now has twice as many seats in the European Parliament as their own Socialist Party .
Le Pen claims to be fighting against `` those at the top . '' The approach is successful because the Paris elite is indeed aloof . Hollande , the prototype of this special caste , grew up in wealthy Neuilly and graduated from three of the so-called Grand Schools . They and some of their ministers and state secretaries were in the same class at France 's renowned École nationale d'administration , or Ena .
The president has now officially declared war on Le Pen and dubbed them their most important opponent in regional elections in December , which are seen as an early indicator for the presidential election . This would never have happened in the past . Up until now , the established parties preferred to simply ignore the Front National . But that is no longer an option . The question is whether this will not in fact increase Le Pen 's popularity even further .
SS Pacific was a wooden-hulled , sidewheel steamer built in 1849 for transatlantic service with the American Collins Line . Designed to outclass their chief rivals from the British-owned Cunard Line , Pacific and their three sister ships ( Atlantic , Arctic and Baltic ) were the largest , fastest and most well-appointed transatlantic steamers of their day .
Pacific 's career began on a high note when they set a new transatlantic speed record in their first year of service , but after only five years in operation , the ship along with their entire complement of almost 200 passengers and crew vanished , without a trace , on a voyage from Liverpool to New York City , which began 23 January 1856 . Pacific 's fate remains a mystery to the present day . A message in a bottle found on the remote island of Uist within the Hebrides ( a widespread archipelago off the west coast of mainland Scotland ) in 1861 declared them sunk by icebergs . In 1991 , wreckage located in the Irish Sea off the coast of Wales was claimed , without corroboration , as being the SS Pacific .
Development [ edit ]
For several decades prior to the 1840s , American sailing ships had dominated the transatlantic routes between Europe and the United States . With the coming of oceangoing steamships however , the U.S. lost its dominance as British steamship companies , particularly the government-subsidized Cunard Line , established regular and reliable steam packet services between the U.S. and Britain . [ 1 ]
In 1847 , the U.S. Congress granted a large subsidy to the New York and Liverpool United States Mail Steamship Company ( S.S.C . ) for the establishment of an American steam-packet service to compete with Britain 's Cunard Line . [ 2 ] With this generous subsidy in hand , the New York and Liverpool S.S.C . ordered four new ships from New York shipyards and established a new shipping line , the Collins Line , to manage them . The Collins Line ships were specifically designed to be larger and faster , and offer a greater degree of passenger comfort , than their Cunard Line counterparts . [ 1 ] Design of the ships was entrusted to a noted New York marine architect , George Steers . [ 3 ]
Description [ edit ]
Pacific ' s Diagram of one of side-lever engines
Pacific 's 281-foot ( 85.6 m ) wooden hull was built from yellow pine , with keel and frames of white oak and chestnut . Like their three sister ships , Pacific had straight stems , a single smokestack , three square-rigged masts for auxiliary power , and a flat main deck with two single-story cabins , one fore and one aft . [ 2 ] The ships were painted in Collins Line colors : black hull with a dark-red stripe running the length of the ship , [ 4 ] and a black stack with a dark-red top .
Pacific was powered by two side-lever engines built by the Allaire Iron Works of New York , each of which had a 95-inch cylinder ( 2.4 m ) and 9-foot stroke ( 2.7 m ) , delivering a speed of 12 to 13 knots ( 22 to 24 km/h ; 14 to 15 mph ) . The running gear was designed in such a way that if one engine failed , the remaining engine could continue to supply power to both paddlewheels . Steam was supplied by four vertical tubular boilers , with a double row of furnaces , designed by the Line 's chief engineer , John Faron . [ 5 ] Fuel consumption was from about 75 to 85 short tons ( 68 to 77 t ) of coal per day , and auxiliary sail power was provided by three full-rigged masts .
The passenger accommodations were generous and spacious , and the cabins and saloons were elaborately decorated . [ 5 ] The ship could initially accommodate 200 first-class passengers ; in 1851 , accommodations for an additional 80 second-class passengers were added . [ 6 ] Customer service innovations on the Collins Line ships included steam heating in the passenger berths , a barber 's shop , and a French maitre de cuisine . [ 4 ] The ships ' high freeboards and straight stems also contributed to passenger comfort by providing added protection from seaspray and a steadier motion through the waves than typical passenger ships of the period . [ 7 ]
Service history [ edit ]
Pacific was launched on 1 February 1849 and made their maiden voyage from New York to Liverpool on 25 May 1850 . They would retain service on the New York-Liverpool route for their entire career . [ 6 ]
Between 11 and 21 September , Pacific made a record passage from Liverpool to New York with an average speed of 12.46 knots ( 23.08 km/h ; 14.34 mph ) , breaking the previous record of 12.25 knots held by the Cunard Line 's Asia , and thus winning the coveted Blue Riband for fastest transatlantic crossing . Pacific would hold the record for less than a year however , as their sister ship Baltic would set a new record the following August with a new record speed of 12.91 knots ( 23.91 km/h ; 14.86 mph ) . Between 10 and 20 May 1851 , Pacific also set a new eastbound record with an average speed of 13.03 knots , beating the previous record of 12.38 knots set by the Cunard Line 's Canada . Again however , the record would stand for only nine months before being broken again by Pacific 's slightly more-powerful sister ship , Arctic . [ 6 ]
In 1851 , Pacific 's passenger accommodations were increased to include an additional 80 second-class passengers . On 4 December 1851 , Pacific rescued the crew of the barque Jesse Stevens , which had foundered in the Atlantic several hundred miles southeast of Newfoundland . In 1853 , Pacific 's mizzen mast was removed , [ 6 ] presumably in order to reduce drag .
Loss [ edit ]
On 23 January 1856 , Pacific departed Liverpool for their usual destination of New York , carrying 45 passengers ( a typically small number for a winter voyage ) and 141 crew . Them commander was Captain Asa Eldridge , a Yarmouth , Cape Cod skipper and navigator of worldwide reputation ; in 1854 they had set a trans-Atlantic speed record on the clipper Red Jacket from New York to Liverpool which remains unbroken . After Pacific failed to arrive at New York , other ships were sent to conduct a search , but no trace of the vessel was found . Contemporaries concluded that Pacific had probably hit an iceberg off Newfoundland , as the ice had been particularly bad that year . [ 8 ] Captain Eldridge and their chief engineer , Samuel Matthews , were both still new to the Pacific , making only their second roundtrip voyage on her , and some accounts have blamed the disaster on their inexperience . But as a more recent account explains , both had considerable relevant experience : the Pacific was actually the fourth steamer Eldridge had commanded , while Matthews had a long career on other steamships , including another Collins liner whose engines and boilers were identical to the Pacific 's . [ 9 ]
Wyn Craig Wade mentions the missing ship in their 1979 book , The Titanic : End of a Dream . Wade wrote , `` The only clue in this instance had been a note in a bottle , washed ashore on the west coast of the Hebrides '' as follows :
On board the Pacific from Liverpool to N.Y. - Ship going down . Confusion on board - icebergs around us on every side . I know I can not escape . I write the cause of our loss that friends may not live in suspense . The finder will please get it published . W.M . GRAHAM .
Author Jim Coogan also mentions the missing vessel in their article `` A Message from the Sea '' published in The Barnstable Patriot . Coogan writes that after the bottle was found , `` on the remote Hebrides island of Uist ... in the summer of 1861 '' , the passenger list was thoroughly checked by the London Shipping & Mercantile Gazette , `` and when the passenger list of the ill-fated steamer was examined , it contained the name of William Graham , a British sea captain headed for New York as a passenger to take command there of another vessel . `` [ 10 ]
Coogan 's article goes on to say :
`` ... in 1991 , divers found the bow section of the SS Pacific in the Irish Sea only 60 miles [ 97 km ] from Liverpool . Other than the claim , there is no other confirmation of the find , nor is it found in any other book ... that no wreckage from the lost ship came ashore along the coast of Wales in the aftermath of their disappearance would ... make it unlikely the ship foundered so close to Liverpool . `` [ 11 ]
Supporting this view , a recent book argues that the evidence used to identify the Welsh wreck as the remains of the Pacific is far from conclusive , and that in the absence of further information about that wreck , the note in the bottle that washed ashore in the Hebrides still represents the best explanation of the steamer 's disappearance . [ 12 ] [ 13 ] This conclusion is further reinforced by the evidence from more recent dives which found brass plates , cast-iron irons and copper discs dated 1865 , 1863 and 1865 respectively . As a result the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales has concluded that the wreck is unlikely to be that of the Pacific . [ 14 ]
Among those lost was Bernard O'Reilly , Bishop of Hartford ( Connecticut ) , who was returning to their diocese after an 1855 trip to Europe .
References [ edit ]
Records Preceded by
Asia Holder of the Blue Riband ( Westbound )
1850 - 1851 Succeeded by
Baltic Preceded by
Canada Atlantic Eastbound Record
1851 - 1852 Succeeded by
Arctic
If you would like to see more articles like this please support our coverage of the space program by becoming a Spaceflight Now Member . If everyone who enjoys our website helps fund it , we can expand and improve our coverage further .
Last week 's successful launch of a Vega rocket with a European re-entry technology demonstrator marked the first of at least 11 flights planned this year by Arianespace to put communications satellites , Earth observatories and research probes into space .
Arianespace is holding out hope for up to a dozen flights if payloads are ready on time and scheduling at the Guiana Space Center — Europe 's spaceport in French Guiana — permits .
“ The target is , on average , one launch per month , ” said Stephane Israel , Arianespace 's chairperson and CEO .
The mix on Arianespace 's launch manifest this year includes six or seven Ariane 5 flights — each carrying two satellites — two or three launches of the Russian-made Soyuz rocket , and three missions using the lightweight Vega rocket , including the Feb. 11 launch already in the books .
The Soyuz and Vega rocket missions will all be for institutional customers — either the European Space Agency or the European Commission — while the launches of the heavy-lift Ariane 5 will primarily serve the commercial market .
Arianespace achieved 11 launches in 2014 . One of the missions — a Soyuz launch — put two of Europe 's Galileo navigation satellites in the wrong orbit , but officials expect the spacecraft can be salvaged to perform at least a partial mission .
After the Feb. 11 Vega launch of ESA 's experimental space plane , the next flight on Arianespace 's schedule is set for liftoff March 26 , when a Soyuz rocket and Fregat upper stage will send up two satellites for Europe 's Galileo navigation network .
The first Soyuz flight of the year from French Guiana 's tropical spaceport is also the first launch of Galileo positioning satellites since a Fregat upper stage put two identical navigation spacecraft in the wrong orbit in August 2014 .
Officials say they identified the cause of the failure — a frozen fuel line — and reworked Fregat upper stages have successfully flown since the mishap .
Europe 's Ariane 5 rocket will make its first liftoff of 2015 on April 15 with the Thor 7 and Sicral 7 communications satellites .
Thor 7 will provide high-throughput Ka-band broadband services for the offshore sector in the North Sea , the Norwegian Sea , the Red Sea , the Baltic Sea , the Persian Gulf and the Mediterranean for Norway 's Telenor Satellite Broadcasting . Sicral 2 carries communications payloads for Italian and French military authorities .
Another Ariane 5 mission is due to follow-on May 20 with a pair of satellites for DirecTV and one of its subsidiaries .
DirecTV 15 — a sister satellite to a spacecraft launched on an Ariane 5 in December 2014 — will provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the United States . Sky Mexico 1 will beam direct television programming to Mexico , Central America and the Caribbean for a broadcast company owned by Televisa , a leading Mexican media business , and DirecTV .
The second Vega launch of the year is scheduled for June 11 with Sentinel 2A , the second satellite to be launched for the European Commission 's Copernicus Earth observation program . Sentinel 2A carries an optical imaging payload for land observation , gathering data complementary to the U.S. Landsat satellites .
An Ariane 5 flight will come next in late June or early July with the launch of Europe 's MSG 4 geostationary weather satellite , the final spacecraft in the second generation of Meteosat observatories . MSG 4 will accompany a commercial communications satellite on the same Ariane 5 launch , but Arianespace has not confirmed the identity of the co-passenger .
The order of launches for the rest of 2015 is still to be finalized .
Arianespace 's tandem launches with the Ariane 5 rocket sometimes require shuffling to pair up satellites appropriately sized for the upper and lower berths inside the launcher 's paylaod fairing .
Satellites for the upper position are typically around 6 metric tons in mass , and spacecraft assigned to the lower spot are usually between 3 and 4 metric tons .
Communications spacecraft expected to launch on the Ariane 5 rocket before the end of the year include :
Star One C4 for Brazilian operator Embratel Star One
Arsat 2 for Argentina
GSAT 15 for the Indian Space Research Organization
Eutelsat 8 West B for Eutelsat
NBN Co 1A for Australia 's National Broadband Network
Arabsat 6B ( Badr 7 ) for Arabsat of Saudi Arabia
EchoStar 18 for EchoStar Corp. 's DISH Network services
Hispasat AG1 for ESA and Madrid-based Hispasat
The Star One C4 , Eutelsat 8 West B , NBN Co 1A , Arabsat 6B and EchoStar 18 satellites are sized for launch in the Ariane 5 's upper berth . The other satellites will fit into the lower position in Ariane 5 launcher 's Sylda dual-payload adapter .
Two Intelsat communications satellites and a Japanese satellite to relay communications among military forces may also be ready for launch by the end of 2015 , according to statements by the spacecraft 's owners .
Arianespace 's challenge is matching a big satellite and a smaller payload that are ready for launch at the same time . The powerful Ariane 5 is unable to lift two satellites over 5 metric tons — about 11,000 pounds — into geostationary transfer orbit , and pairing two lighter spacecraft on the same launch is not good for business .
“ If we do that , we lose a lot of money , ” Israel said . “ We need one small and one big satellite . ”
The launch provider won nine contracts for geostationary satellites in 2014 , and eight of them are the right size to ride in the Ariane 5 's lower berth , Israel said in an interview with Spaceflight Now .
SpaceX has emerged as the chief rival to the veteran French-based launch company , which started the commercial launch business when it was founded in 1980 . SpaceX and Arianespace cinched the same number of commercial launch contracts last year .
Partly in response to SpaceX 's bargain prices and partly as an initiative to ensure the Ariane 5 has a steady balance of heavier and lighter payloads , Arianespace cut prices for customers with smaller satellites .
“ As a result , we have been very successful , ” Israel said . “ We captured eight of these ( small ) satellites out of the 13 on the market . Our policy has been fully successful , allowing us to rebalance our order book for Ariane . It was the right thing to do . ”
Up to two more Soyuz rockets launches from French Guiana are on tap for the second half of 2015 , both with pairs of Galileo navigation satellites .
In September , the third and final Vega flight of the year will deploy ESA 's LISA Pathfinder probe on a journey to the L1 Lagrange point a million miles from Earth in line with the sun . The three flights of Europe 's Vega rocket , the newcomer to the Arianespace launcher family , marks the most in a calendar year since the booster debuted in 2012 .
LISA Pathfinder will test the concept of gravitational wave detection at the L1 point , a precursor to better understanding a key tenet of Einstein 's theory of general relativity .
Arianespace 's goals for the year in the marketing side of its business include attracting a more even mix of Ariane 5 contracts for heavy and small satellites , Israel told Spaceflight Now .
“ In 2014 , we captured one big satellite , ” Israel said . “ We were not in competition for all big satellites because we have limited slots up to the end of 2017 … We think we will have a more balanced order intake in 2015 between small and big satellites . ”
Arianespace says it has enough contracts in its backlog for three years of launches , with an order book valued at 4.1 billion euros , or approximately $ 4.7 billion at current exchange rates .
As of January , the backlog included 22 launches of the Ariane 5 rocket — 18 flights to geostationary transfer orbit and four missions to place Galileo navigation satellites in space . Six Soyuz launches and nine flights of the Vega rocket also have confirmed payloads , Arianespace said in a press release .
Israel said the new Ariane 6 rocket approved by European governments in December will solve the problem of dual-payload manifesting .
“ Ariane 6 will be cost-effective enough to be launched with two small satellites without losing money , ” Israel said . “ This will be the big benefit of Ariane 6 . If we are in a market scenario where there are a lot of small satellites , we will be in a position , with respect to money , to go with two small satellites . ”
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter : @ StephenClark1 .
In 2013 Joe Staten ( who now works at Microsoft ) and Christopher Barrett held a wonderful presentation at GDC and talked about the creation of the now famous online shooter , Destiny . They discussed the main challenges they faced during the production of the virtual world of Destiny and how they managed to overcome those problems .
Here 's a little overview of their talk . We 've added a lot of additional Destiny 's concept art from the portfolios of Joseph Cross , Ryan DeMita and Isaac Hannaford , Jaime Jones , Kekai Kotaki , Darren Bacon , Daniel Chavez , Adrian Majkrzak , Dorje Bellbrook and Jesse van Dijk . Say what you want about Destiny , but these are probably the most impressive pieces of game concept art ever created .
History of Destiny
Bungie was really excited about building a new world that was different from the well known universe of Halo . They wanted to create a world , with which they can tell any great story . A place in which millions of people would want to visit again and again for the next decade plus . This world has to matter and last forever . It should also be flexible enough to accommodate any crazy idea the team would come up with .
They started by looking over their previous Halo games . Each Halo project was filled with energizing content and a story with great twists and turns . However , the whole experience was streamlined and narrow , though the Halo world was bigger . This is not really a problem of Halo alone , but rather a feature all modern first-person shooters have in common . Players just charge through all the beautiful stuff the team has created and have no reason to return to those places .
Destiny needed to work differently . The game should encourage further exploration and give new reasons to come back to the virtual world . That 's how the team developed the Four Pillars of Destiny World .
1 ) Make a Hopeful and Inviting World
One of the first versions of Destiny was actually a fantasy world . This theme appealed to the team because of the history , the myth , and the change that fantasy brought . This brought a lot of opportunities to make some incredible lands with castles , beasts , artifacts , monsters and heroes . All these fantasy images created by talented artists at Bungie invited the player to explore and travel .
Bungie still loved its sci-fi though . For it evoked emotions of a hopeful future , distant worlds , and battling extraterrestrials . It also had derelict spaceships and other mysteries . The team decided to unite these two themes . They 've mixed ancient fantasy history with sci-fi and created a mix called “ mythic science fiction ” .
These images ( postcards as Bungie calls them ) proved to be hugely important for the team and for the game production as a whole . They also helped to ask the right questions about the world , including the most important one : “ What 's the center of your world ? ”
Challenge : Finding the Center
It was very important to define the starting point and then move away from it to build the whole world around it .
With fantasy it was pretty obvious : they needed a huge town . With sci-fi the developers wanted to go a little further and build a spaceship world , but making a castle in space did not work out . Finally they came up with two designs : a space station and one huge big ship with an enormous hangar . Later , that spaceship evolved into a strange alien artifact , which appeared to be a little more sci-fi than necessary .
They scrapped this idea and decided to build a city on Earth .
A familiar place with fantastical elements . And so they created the iconic image with an alien spaceship floating around a huge city , surrounded by a wall .
This city worked so well , because it made the audience curious , which in Bungie 's opinion , is the real job of a world builder . This sphere was named The Traveler . They 've also built a tower with hangars inside , where the players could gather and show off .
2 ) Idealized Reality
After that the team of art directors ventured forward and defined a style guide for the world by using hundreds of references .
To build that look of idealized reality the designers looked at westerns with their specific mood , color palette and interesting costumes . It gave this feeling of a frontier .
Tarkovsky ( a famous Russian movie director ) was also a great inspiration . Bungie loved the composition , the lighting and the cinematography of their films .
They also borrowed a lot from Terry Gilliam films , not to make the game too serious . The team left some place for humor , crazy imagination and space maps .
A great inspiration for the team was 70 's sci-fi art . The illustrations of John Harris ( one of the illustrators of the first edition of Ender 's Game ) were most intriguing for the developers , as they contained epic , larger than life imagery with esoteric natural motives . Large monoliths , crazy organic structures – everything was there .
For the architecture of the dungeons and hostile areas , the team was inspired by Zszislaw Beksinski . They have a lot of gothic architecture that really fit in the world of the game . You can definitely feel the influence of this artist in Souls series as well . Peter Gric was another great influence with their pattern of order and chaos , a lot of surrealism and timeless quality of the environments . The art of this genius heavily influenced the look of Venus .
Anime was another huge inspiration for the team . The style , various versions of armor and spaceships – all that found its place in the world of Destiny .
Challenge : Finding the Unified Palette
The biggest challenge for the team was the unification of all those influences . The management needed to deliver the new direction and to inspire the team with this world . They needed to create an art direction that the team could follow . One of the ways was the use of palette .
The art directors wanted the colors to look slightly aged , taking the futuristic elements and adding a feeling of history . Bungie gathered a lot of references of interesting , non-traditional palettes to aid in this quest for aged sci-fi .
The technical team also devoted a lot of time to using post effects : LUT color correction , vignette , tone mapping , chromatic aberration , light streaks and full-screen bloom . Working in engine was very productive , since the artists could experiment in real time and get that unique look they wanted .
Slowly the team grasped all those elements and created some amazing concept art !
3 ) A World Full of Mystery and Adventure
Bungie believes that mystery begins at the intersection of expected and unexpected , where the familiar meets the strange . Take the Moon for example , they built the whole destroyed infrastructure on this planet , which at first sight seemed pretty ordinary . They 've build abandoned aircraft cemeteries filled with alien soldiers . Or a frozen city occupied by an army of machines ! There was a ton of this stuff . This way they 've guided the players from familiar to strange .
Challenge : Narrowing Down the Focus
However , this also created a challenge : how do you narrow the focus of a huge team and slowly transfer it from focus to production ? Instead of building a linear game , they needed to build a huge game world . To guide the team into production , the art directors applied such tools :
A Unifying Usual Theme : Nature ascendant over lost human civilization . This similar theme was used in The Last of Us .
Destination Postcards : These images define the mood , palette and fiction of the world .
Great World Building Tool : World building tool , a huge shared digital workspace for artists and designers . This software is called Grognok and it 's not for sale .
To fill the world of Destiny , the artists also created a bunch of enemies and creatures , which would suit each environment . They 've built a separate mood board , which defined what creatures go in which location . Artists have outlined the shapes and figured out the hierarchy . For every enemy race there was a special postcard that defined various aspects of interacting with the enemy .
4 ) A Place Where You Can Become a Legend
Challenge : Moving from one hero to millions . Creating Classes .
To tackle this challenge , the developers have defined a small set of fundamental choices that the players would have to make during character creation process . They developed a number of races , which were both familiar and exotic ( just like the environments ) .
Their first choice was human . These guys were relatable , tough and not that complicated .
Then they moved to Awake . These characters were inspired by elves ( World of Warcraft ) , vampires ( the Twilight Saga in particular ) , ghosts and angels . Awoken were very exotic , beautiful and mysterious .
Exo were build like robots mixed with the undead . The main inspirations here were Master Chief and Terminator . Exo were powerful , tireless and sinister .
There was one more choice – “ Tiger Man ” . It was sort of a noble , wise awesome beast . This guy never made it . It never belonged to this world .
A lot of time was invested in building the clothing and armor . They did a lot of research on fashion , figured out new hairstyles and various adornment options . Customization was incredibly important . Especially in terms of classes , which were both understandable and a little bizarre .
* * *
Destiny had one of the most developed virtual worlds in the history of video games . And the most important thing is that it was built from the ground up by just a couple of very strong art directors . If you want to achieve similar results with your game , try to follow these simple rules :
Combine familiar with exotic .
Keep your world flexible and try to add new stuff .
The real job of the world builder is to make gamers curious , by providing the right context .
Cut the feature if it does n't fit into the world .
Hope you guys enjoyed this article and the beautiful art . Please , share your opinions and comments about Destiny and it 's world building process .
So , I 'd like to thank the Academy , my wife , my parents , my agent , and God Almighty for the great honor of being the top journalist target of Jew-hatred in America over the past few months , according to a comprehensive study from the Anti-Defamation League . I 'm honored because being targeted by mouth-breathing idiots is a compliment – you know you 're doing something right if people who tweet pictures of gas chambers on the day of your child 's birth find you unacceptable as a human being .
Here are some quick thoughts :
1 . Twitter Should n't Ban Jew-Haters . As the fellow who receives hook-nosed Jew memes more than any other journalist on the planet , I do n't believe that people ought to be suspended or banned from Twitter or Facebook for posting vile garbage , so long as it is n't openly advocating violence . I make a habit of retweeting these pieces of human feces in order to mock their stupidity and to expose the fact that people like this exist . Twitter has every right to ban people – it 's a private company . But that does n't mean they should . And every time they do , they grant credibility to the monstrous people who want to play victim .
2 . Yes , The Alt-Right Is Anti-Semitic . There are a lot of people who consider themselves alt-right because they do n't understand what the alt-right is . You 're not alt-right just because you back Trump . You 're not alt-right because you hate the media . Alt-right means something , and it means ethnocultural “ European ” solidarity that has nothing to do with conservatism , the Constitution , or ideals of liberty . To read what the alt-right actually is , click here . By the same token , downplaying the alt-right 's anti-Semitism as “ mischievous ” and “ trolly , ” as people do at sites like Trump-centric alt-right meeting site Breitbart , is lying by omission and provides cover to evil .
3 . No , Jew-Hatred Is Not Widespread Among Trump Supporters . The ADL report links Trump support to Jew-hatred on Twitter . There 's no question that 's true for a small but loud segment of alt-right Trump supporters . But it is small . The vast majority of Trump supporters find the sort of hate I receive reprehensible . They 're not in line with the alt-right . To overestimate their percentage of the population would be wrong and foolish .
4 . A Lot of Online Jew-Hatred Is Astroturfed . The ADL study shows that Jew-hatred on Twitter spikes at certain times and cascades on itself . That means it 's being coordinated , or at least encouraged by specific Twitter personalities . I can say with certainty that the amount of Jew-hatred in my Twitter feed has dropped exponentially since Twitter banned Milo Yiannopoulos ( a ban I opposed , by the way ) .
5 . Trump Does Wink At The Alt-Right . As I 've said before , Donald Trump may not be an alt-righter , but they spend an awful lot of time and effort winking at them . The hiring of Steve Bannon as campaign CEO – a guy who turned Breitbart.com from an edgy conservative site into an alt-right haven , then bragged about it – was a shout-out . Trump 's winks and nods at Vladimir Putin are part of the same pattern ; their language about “ international bankers ” may not be intentional , but the alt-right certainly treated it that way .
6 . The Media Ignore Jew-Hatred If It 's Directed Against The Right . The ADL has done an admirable job of charting the rise of Jew-hatred against conservative pundits . But the entire media largely ignored that anti-Semitism so long as it targeted the right , and only began to notice it when it hit people on the left like Julia Ioffe . We Jews on the right who opposed Trump were used to it by then . Politico Magazine did an entire piece about anti-Semitism among a segment of Trump supporters , asking , “ why has the Jewish right looked away ? ” That 's patently insane , and demonstrates the myopia of much of the left . The left itself is replete with anti-Semitism – just check the charter for the Black Lives Matter movement .
So , what 's the future of the alt-right ? If Trump wins , it 's likely to grow – the alt-right obviously feels emboldened . Even if they lose , they 'll live on at sites that now rely on their enthusiastic support , like Breitbart . A rock has been overturned ; the window of acceptability has moved .
New Line began working on a big-screen adaptation of Stephen King 's It over a year ago , but hit a speed bump when the studio lost director Cary Fukunaga . After replacing the True Detective visionary with Mama 's Andrés Muschietti last summer , the sewers appeared clogged . Now , producer Roy Lee has finally confirmed that production is expected to begin later this year .
“ We are very close to turning in the final draft of the script , ” Lee told Collider . “ It 's mainly working on it for budgeting purposes to make it fit within the budget that we have . It will hopefully be shooting later this year . We just got the California tax credit. ” Lee also said that each of the planned two films in the series would be looking for R ratings .
As for the script , Funkunaga had turned in a draft with Chase Palmer , but Lee said that wo n't be the vision we see on screen . Instead , Muschietti and co-writer Gary Doberman have reworked the script , keeping it , as Lee said , “ very close to the source material in one way but very different if you look at it as a literary piece of work . We 're taking it and making the movie from the point of view of the kids , and then making another movie from the point of view of the adults , that could potentially then be cut together like the novel . But it 's gon na be a really fun way of making this movie . ”
( Read : The Top 10 Stephen King Film Adaptations )
King 's original novel bounced back and forth between the two time periods from beginning to end , while ABC 's 1990 TV mini-series was mostly similar to New Line 's approach with their new feature . As for who 's playing Pennywise the Dancing Clown , originally portrayed by Tim Curry , it 's unclear whether Fukunaga 's original choice of Will Poulter ( The Maze Runner , The Revenant ) remains attached to the film .
“ I do n't know . I do n't know , ” Poulter told Den of Geek about their involvement . “ I was [ attached ] when Mr. Fukunaga was directing , but the circumstances at New Line are such that a new director 's attached now . I think , with all due respect to them of course , I was selected by Cary and subscribed to Cary 's vision for the movie , and so I have n't had a chance to connect with that [ new ] director . Of course , I have a relationship with New Line so I 'm grateful to them for taking a punt on me — both for We 're The Millers and It . But my involvement remains to be seen . ”
It is n't the only King adaptation seeing movement , either . 11.23.68 starring James Franco recently premiered on Hulu , while Idris Elba is a favorite to star as Roland Deschain in the long-gestating big screen adaptation of The Dark Tower . The first film in that series , the Nikolaj Arcel-directed The Gunslinger , is targeting a January 13th , 2017 release date . Matthew McConaughey has reportedly been offered the role of The Man in Black .
On the less positive front , Josh Boone 's attempt to adapt The Stand stalled earlier this year when Warner Bros. let the rights lapse and they reverted back to CBS Films . While that film sits in limbo , Boone is said to be working on adapting King 's latest novel , 2014 's Revival .
It would , however , perfectly fit the narrative that Obama has been running on ever since they began their national political career . `` Right now , we have a tax code that gives incentives for companies to move offshore . Instead , we must have a tax code that rewards companies that are doing the right thing . '' That is n't an attack ad , that 's state legislator Obama running for Senate in June 2004 , as quoted by the Chicago Defender . Running for president in May 2008 , they told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , `` We have seen a lack of shared prosperity . So , you 've got CEOs making more in a day than ordinary workers are making in a year , and it 's the CEO that 's getting the tax break , instead of the workers . '' They even pledged in that interview , `` I will raise CEO taxes . There is no doubt about it . '' Since that campaign and at least until 2010 , Obama has criticized the Bush tax cuts as `` tax cuts for people who do n't need them and were n't even asking for them . '' And last September , in their jobs speech at Congress , they struck a familiar refrain on the lack of fairness in the tax system . `` While most people in this country struggle to make ends meet , a few of the most affluent citizens and most profitable corporations enjoy tax breaks and loopholes that nobody else gets . Right now , Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than their secretary -- an outrage they have asked us to fix . '' Eleven days later , they gave another speech , saying Republicans should have to defend tax `` unfairness -- explain why somebody who 's making $ 50 million a year in the financial markets should be paying 15 percent on their taxes , when a teacher making $ 50,000 a year is paying more than that -- paying a higher rate . They ought to have to answer for it . ''
That attempt to make Buffett — a guy who supports Obama — an example of one of the people who benefit from an unfair system did n't go so well . Especially for Buffett 's secretary . And in fact , Democrats have struggled since at least 2005 to find the perfect tax villain for their pro-middle class tax argument .
Until Romney .
Bit by bit , often fueled by their own attempts to deflect the story of the day , Romney has been helping to make this caricature stick . When Romney gave in to pressure to release tax information for the last two years , the returns showed that Romney paid that exact same low 15 percent rate Obama had mentioned . Plus , part of that was a $ 77,000 deduction for expenses related to their wife 's horse sport . The Romney campaign spin was that there was nothing unusual about that , which is exactly what 2004-2012 Obama has been saying . To absolve themselves of blame for lay-offs and outsourcing Romney said they did n't have anything to do with management decisions at Bain after February 1999 . When it became clear that they were still legally in control of the company until 2002 and still is paid millions by it , Romney was lured into admitting they get paid for nothing .
Of the 75 matches that New York City FC has played since its berth in the 2015 season , the contest against D.C. United on March 12 at Yankee Stadium is noteworthy . The 4-0 thrashing of DCU was arguably the top performance in club history .
NYCFC played a 4-3-3 system and created the illusion of large spaces at Yankee Stadium where the pitch appears smaller than many of the greens at Augusta National . The Designated Player trio of David Villa , Andrea Pirlo and Maxi Moralez looked like three boys who had linked up since their school yard days .
Less than a month later against the same team in the nation 's capital , head coach Patrick Vieira altered the shape into a 3-2-2-3 configuration . The 2-1 defeat last Saturday was in part a result of NYCFC 's tactical deficiencies .
“ It was a difficult game and yes , we changed the system , ” said Pirlo . “ We did not play the normal game like we did the other games . ”
“ Tactically , I did n't think we played as well as we wanted , ” said Vieira . “ Our position on the field did not give them enough problems . ”
Vieira was referring specifically to the talented sophomore winger , Jack Harrison , who had terrorized the left backs in MLS across the first four matches . Harrison carried themselves more like a fullback than an attacking winger .
“ He was too deep , ” said Vieira . “ When you play in that system and you have one player who is not in the correct position , that brings the other players too deep . For Jack it was a lot of ground to cover . ”
In this instance , Vieira was implying that right back Frederic Brillant was tactically unfit .
“ We need Fred to be a little wider in the attack , ” said Vieira . “ It 's important for us to analyze , then work on it and improve the system . I love the system and we are going to use it again this year , no doubt about it . ”
The logical query following a dominant win over the same team just three weeks earlier – why change the system and replace an effective Ethan White with Brillant ?
“ It was n't about giving Fred more time , ” said Vieira . “ It was just about trying to use the system with the players that will help us to win the game . ”
For Harrison , it was a venture to sharpen their one versus one defending skills .
“ I saw another good side of Jack , ” said Vieira . “ When they needed to defend , they defended as well as anyone else – the way they defended as a right back , they were fantastic . ”
While their defensive skills are being polished , Harrison provides far greater value close to the goal . They are second on the team in shots this season with one goal and one assist . Harrison has produced five goals and eight assists in 26 career matches .
Pirlo Free Kicks , Playing Time and Future
Upon their arrival on a free transfer from Juventus in 2015 , Andrea Pirlo was regarded as the best free kick specialist in the world . They have scored the most dead-ball goals in Serie A history with 15 of their 19 tallies for Juve from set pieces .
When David Villa drew a foul just outside the area at D.C. United last Saturday , Pirlo commanded the free kick and drilled the right-footed shot into the wall . This was not a unique moment for NYCFC supporters . It was the 29th free kick for Pirlo since their move to MLS . He 's had but one success – a Yankee Stadium goal versus the Philadelphia Union last season .
In 2015 , before Pirlo transferred to the Bronx , Villa scored a pair of stunning free kicks – Villa is 2 out of 14 in their NYCFC career but do not expect a role reversal any time soon .
“ I let the players decide on the field , ” said Vieira .
Pirlo does not plan to abandon that responsibility .
“ I try to score goals , I know it 's my job , ” said Pirlo . “ I can only try to make it better . ”
Pirlo has been the 90-minute man throughout their career but has been pulled from each of the last two matches .
“ Yes , I want to finish all the games , ” said Pirlo . “ That 's normal , I always expect to play the full game . But the coach decides on the situation . ”
Pirlo was supplanted just two minutes after a soft tackle on Luciano Acosta led to D.C. United 's game winning tally .
“ Andrea is a real professional , I do n't have to manage them in these situations , ” said Vieira . “ We needed to change the game and we were going to be more exposed on the counter attack . I 'm more than happy with what Andrea 's doing at the moment . ”
Venezia F.C . Summer Tour ?
NYCFC has tentative plans for a summer friendly against third division Italian club , Venezia FC , who will earn promotion to Serie B with one more point in its current season .
Venezia is owned by Joe Tacopina who has gained fame as the defense lawyer for Alex Rodriguez , Jay-Z and Joran van der Sloot , the suspect in the mysterious disappearance of Natalee Holloway in Aruba . Tacopina also appeared in the first episode of the Fox reality show , You are The Jury . From a soccer perspective , Tacopina has previously owned AS Roma and was the President at Bologna .
While club CEO Ted Philipakos tweeted that plans are not finalized , Venezia is hopeful to take a summer tour of the states . In addition to NYCFC , the Venice side intends to play matches in Detroit and Miami .
Filed for print . . .
ALAMEDA _ The Raiders went their separate ways at the bye week break Thursday with the knowledge their season will resume next week without defensive end Justin Tuck .
Tuck , a team source confirmed , will have surgery for a torn right pectoral muscle and eventually be placed on injured reserve , ending their season .
An 11-year veteran , Tuck has played in 147 games and the five games played in 2015 will represent the fewest in their career . They signed a two-year , $ 11 million contract with the Raiders in 2014 after nine seasons with the New York Giants and will turn 33 not long after they hit free agency this offseason .
Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said Tuck 's MRI was “ not good ” Wednesday and did not speak with the media . Defensive coordinator Ken Norton Jr. said they would leave any comments regarding Tuck to Del Rio , but several teammates were aware of Tuck 's situation .
In five games , Tuck played 64.5 percent of the snaps ( 244 of 378 ) , second only to Khalil Mack . A two-time Super Bowl champion with the Giants , Tuck has 66.5 career sacks , is one of Del Rio 's council of veterans and considered a wise , dominant presence in the locker room .
“ It 'll be a challenge , not having them out there on the field , not having the leader of the team , ” Mack said . “ Having that type of injury is difficult , but it 's one he 's been positive about and we 've been positive with him , letting them know we still want to see them around , see their face . Having their leadership is really more important than anything . ”
Free safety Charles Woodson called Tuck a “ leader among men ” and did n't expect that part of their contribution to change , although they said Tuck will be missed in the defensive rotation up front .
“ We 'll miss them on the field . He 's an important part of our defense , ” Woodson said . “ That 's always tough , to replace one of your main guys . ”
With Tuck out , it will mean increased time for second-round draft pick Mario Edwards Jr. , who is coming off their best game with six tackles and a sack with a season-high 50 snaps in a 16-10 loss to Denver .
Edwards , like Tuck , can play end and also move inside to tackle in pass rush situations .
“ Justin 's been a great mentor , man , ” Edwards said . “ As for as reading keys and things like that , he 's been a great help . He 's been a great teammate and it sucks we ca n't have a veteran like them on the team because of injury . But coach Del Rio says you 've gone 've got to be ready . The season will go on , so we 've got to be prepared . ”
Norton has been impressed by Edwards ' steady improvement .
“ He 's been versatile in the way we can play them inside and outside , ” Norton said . “ It seems like everywhere we put him , they make plays and they play really hard . ”
Defensive tackle Dan Williams described Tuck 's absence as “ a huge loss ” given their ability to identify formations keep young players lined up correctly . They said Tuck will be missed for more than just their leadership .
“ He 's quick , gets off the ball , still makes great pass rush moves , ” Williams said . “ It 's definitely going to hurt us in the long run . ”
Besides Edwards , Raiders expected to pick up the slack include Denico Autry , who is sidelined with a concussion , end Benson Mayowa , and end/tackle C.J . Wilson . Another possibility is elevating Shelby Harris , who had a strong preseason , from the practice squad .
— Players who did not practice during Thursday 's brief session aside from Tuck included Autry ( concussion ) , defensive tackle Justin Ellis ( shoulder ) and Woodson .
UPDATE : The Raiders waived safety Keenan Lambert , a waiver claim from Seattle who was with the team for five games .
You could call yesterday the craziest day in NHL off-season history , but you 'd be wrong . That would imply that crazy things were happening throughout the day , and with apologies to that already-forgotten Seth Jones extension , that was n't the case . No , yesterday featured the craziest half hour in NHL history .
Taylor Hall was traded , P.K . Subban was traded , and the Steven Stamkos watch disintegrated , all in the time it takes to get a pizza delivered .
And the emphasis here is on crazy , because on the surface , we saw some truly puzzling decisions being made . Some of the reviews have been downright savage , and I 'm pretty sure Hockey Twitter is still smoldering from the full-scale meltdown it underwent as all the news broke . The consensus : Stamkos should have gone to free agency , the Oilers did n't get anywhere near enough for Hall , and the Canadiens got robbed .
It 's tempting to pile on . But instead , I 'm going to follow in the footsteps of some of yesterday 's decision makers and do the opposite of what common sense says I should . I 'm going to challenge myself to defend the moves . I 'm going to use the power of positive thinking to dig my way through to the other side , or at least try .
Consider it a chance to exercise some contrarian muscles . Let 's walk through yesterday 's three big stories and see if we can nail down an argument that goes against what the majority seems to be thinking .
As with any challenge , we 'll start on the easy level and work our way up .
Level One : Defending Steven Stamkos
Sure , on the surface the timing of Wednesday 's decision seems odd . Stamkos has had all year to work out an extension with the Lightning . Instead , they get within 48 hours of finally becoming the most sought-after free agent in modern NHL history , and that 's when they get cold feet ?
But sour grapes from certain fan bases aside , Stamkos 's decision makes all the sense in the world . Remember , he 's been able to talk to other teams since Saturday , so by this point they know what the market looks like . They had a chance to test the waters , they knew what other options were out there , and they decided they wanted to stay in Tampa . There 's nothing especially odd about that .
Factor in that the Lightning are a very good team with legitimate Cup hopes and could offer Stamkos an extra year , and it makes perfect sense to get a deal done . Sure , it 's disappointing if you 're a fan of a team that was going to be in the running , or just wanted to sit back and watch the chaos as the bidding war breaks out . But Stamkos went looking for the best possible home , and realized it was right where he 'd been all along .
Whew , this is easy ! I barely even broke a sweat . On to the next one…
Level Two : Defending the Taylor Hall deal
Uh , can we go back to the Stamkos thing ?
OK , the degree of difficulty just got ramped up significantly here . The Oilers traded one of the best left wingers in the world , one who 's still just 24 and on a very team-friendly contract .
We all knew it was possible ; rumours have had the Oilers moving one of their good young forwards in exactly this sort of deal for years now . But Hall was their trump card , the one arrow in their quiver that they could reach for if they had a shot at the sort of Norris-calibre defenceman that could transform the team . Instead , they used them to get Adam Larsson , who is… well , not that guy .
So yes , this one is a lot tougher to defend . On the surface , it looks like the Oilers panicked here . After years of failing to make the sort of tough but necessary moves that would improve the blue line , they finally screwed up their courage , took the plunge , and then overshot the runway by a mile . After all those years , they worked up the nerve to talk to the pretty girl across the street , then stepped right into an open manhole cover .
Yes , I know I 'm using too many mixed metaphors right now . Give me a break , I 'm clearly stalling .
But let 's step back and look at it from the Oilers ' perspective . They desperately needed help on the blue line . We all know that . We 've all been screaming about it for years , all while ripping the organization for failing to get a deal done . All they did was give us exactly what we 'd been asking for .
Think of it this way : The Oilers were like a guy who needs new brakes for their car but insists on paying fair value and not a penny more . That 's a nice stand to take when you first start shopping around . But if it 's three years later and you 're still hopping curbs and hitting trees every few days , at some point you need to just meet the asking price and get the job done . Yesterday , the Oilers finally reached that point .
Was Adam Larsson really the best they could do ? It 's hard to imagine that they are , but the market is the market . Peter Chiarelli does n't exactly have a great track record with trading top picks from the 2010 draft , but he 's no dummy . If they could have turned Hall into a better blue liner than Larsson , they would have .
And remember , while Hall leaves a gap in the lineup today , that could be filled as early as tomorrow . If the Oilers sign Milan Lucic , as expected , he 'll just move into Hall 's spot .
So there you go . The Oilers had a roster hole to fill and they did the best they could , paying the price they had to pay to get the best player available . And they 'll just replace Hall with Lucic , because hey , signing power forwards in their late-20s to long-term deals always works out , right ?
So it 's fine , Oiler fans . You 'll be OK. Let 's face it , you 've sure been through worse . This trade probably is n't a total disaster . You can stop reading now and go enjoy your day .
Did that sound convincing ? I 'm not sure it sounded convincing . Just remember : The Oilers were always going to have to settle for guy like Larsson because Norris-winning defencemen in their prime never get traded in this league . OK , what 's next ?
Level Three : Defending Subban-for-Weber
Yeah , I quit .
Look , Shea Weber is a good defenceman . He 's great on the power play and eats big minutes . He 's been a First-Team All-Star twice , has been a Norris finalist three times , and immediately becomes the Canadiens the best defenceman .
But that 's only because their previous best defenceman , P.K . Subban , just got traded for a guy who 's three years older and has a terrible contract . What 's more , Subban is just a better player at this point , and given their ages , that 's not likely to change a few years down the road .
The Canadiens had a surefire stud locked in for the next six years , one who was loved in the community and was quite possibly the league 's most entertaining and marketable player , and they traded them away because… well , they high-fived wrong ? Honestly , I 'm stumped . And it 's fair to say I 'm not the only one .
But we 've come this far , so let 's take a swing at this thing . Trading Subban for Weber makes sense for Montreal because… ( searches frantically ) … hey , at least it 's not the Patrick Roy trade .
Granted , “ it 's not the Patrick Roy trade ” is n't exactly anyone 's idea of a high bar to clear . But there really is some room for optimism here for Montreal .
At the risk of opening up chapter 473 of the Great Analytics War , all those modern-day numbers that point to Subban being the better player are n't infallible . More than a few smart hockey people still prefer Weber right now , and that includes the brain trust behind Team Canada . If Weber is the better player today , it 's at least possible they could stay that way for a while . After all , it 's rare to see a defenceman maintain their level of play well into their 30s , but it does happen . And who 's to say Subban is n't the one who loses a step ?
Beyond that , there was clearly a rift between Subban and Michel Therrien , one that 's been bubbling for years and seemed to erupt this season . Teams usually choose the star player over the coach in those situations , because the former is far harder to find than the latter . But after a season in which Therrien 's job security was a major storyline all year long , he 's just been given the biggest vote of confidence a coach could ask for . That has to help stabilize things heading into next year .
And as far as that albatross of a contract , remember : Weber 's got one of those shady back-diving deals from the old CBA that encourages players to retire early . And if they do , it 's the Predators who get crushed by the cap recapture penalties , not Montreal .
Remember , we 're being positive here . Who knows , maybe Weber can even win over all those Habs fans screaming about the trade . After all , they 're a pretty easy-to-please fan base , right ? And Subban will probably struggle in Nashville , where he 'll be playing next to the incredibly talented Roman Josi , outside the Montreal microscope , under a coach who is n't constantly criticizing them for being himself , and… sorry , I forgot where I was going with that one .
But here 's the bottom line : The Canadiens appear to have decided that they absolutely had to move Subban before their no-trade clause kicked in , for reasons we may or may not ever learn . If that 's what it came down to , then a team could do a lot worse than getting a future Hall-of-Famer in return .
See , Montreal ? Positive thinking . This was n't the worst deal in the world . It may not have even been the worst deal of the day . And hey , look on the bright side : At least you did n't give up a franchise player for Adam Larsson , am I right ?
( Oh , sorry Oiler fans . Did n't realize you were still reading . )
First off , sorry for the awful quality and line-drawn paper , I did this at school a few weeks ago . The city names are Plymouth Rock , Westacre ( NA ) , Inland ( SA ) , Noon ( LE ) , Honolulu ( CI ) and Georgia Falls ( AD ) . In the same universe as 8979y97y.deviantart.com/art/Th… and 8979y97y.deviantart.com/art/Th…
In this world Venus is a lot more hospitable . It never lost its magnetic field and deflects light through a sort of albedo effect in the thick layer of clouds , and it has a reasonable length of day , at around 40 Terran hours . Most of its wildlife is algal-based , and importing fauna from Earth is forbidden except for a very limited number of species .
The first manmade craft to visit Venus 's surface was the Soviet space probe “ Udarnik ” , which landed in early 1968 and functioned for roughly 60 hours before malfunctioning . However , before a manned expedition could be mounted , the US launched an expedition in the craft Aphrodite , which landed at the current site of Plymouth Rock on 3rd August after a five-month journey , carrying twenty men and women . After establishing a small , remotely operated base at the landing site , they returned home by early 1972 . In response to Soviet colonisation of the Moon , a small ship carrying 60 colonists was launched the following years to create the modern city of Plymouth Rock , capital of Venus . Three years later , the Extraplanetary Defence Act passed in Congress , giving the US the authority to claim the whole of Venus as a territory and to build military bases there if they chose .
This signalled the start of a second colonial expansion in American history , lasting through the 1970s and 1980s . During this time , regularly-employed NASA shuttles would transport multiple groups of people – political exiles , fringe groups , people attempting to start over – to Venus to settle and colonise the resource-rich planet . Soon enough , major companies began to claim large areas of land to build private towns , resorts and even cities , with plans to develop Venus into the ideal tropical paradise , safe from invasion , while anti-Soviet paranoia grew at home .
Following the Third World War in 1988 , the population of Venus swelled in a mass migration , as ships from numerous spaceports carried anxious settlers to Venus . With its population well over a million , there was a call for Venus to become a full-fledged state in the US , or even an independent authority . As a result , the 1990 Chicago Treaty caused Venus to reach an agreement with the weakened US – Venus was redrawn into ten territories , and was to have its own government , modelled on that of the US , while still technically being an overseas territory of the US .
By 2016 , Venus 's population is nearly 4 million , most of which is concentrated in the major cities , such as Plymouth Rock , Westacre and Georgia Falls . There are three political parties on the planet – the Libertarian Party , the Socialist Party and the Democratic Party – and the current president is Democrat Seymour Roberts .
The former deputy director of the CIA regards the group as potentially more threatening than ISIS . The Pentagon says the group was `` nearing the execution phase '' of an attack on the U.S. or Europe . And an expert on al Qaeda says they are `` following bin Laden 's vision . ''
U.S. , Arab aircraft attack ISIS targets in Syria
The group is called Khorasan , a collection of al Qaeda veterans who fought in Afghanistan and Pakistan . And while ISIS has been grabbing most of the terror-related headlines in recent months , it is Khorasan that poses potentially more of a threat to the U.S. - which is why it was also targeted by American bombs in Syria on Tuesday .
Lt. Gen. William Mayville , who directs operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said the Khorasan Group was nearing `` the execution phase of an attack either in Europe or the homeland . ''
The general added that it was too early to describe the effects of the eight air strikes against Khorasan . It 's unclear whether the group 's leader , Muhsin al-Fadhli , or other top operatives were killed . The State Department offered $ 7 million for information about al-Fadhli in 2012 .
On Syrian border , strikes seen as too little , too late
Taking advantage of the lawlessness inside Syria , Khorason has been working on new hard-to-detect bombs that can be smuggled aboard airplanes , CBS News correspondent Bob Orr reports .
Al Qaeda has experimented with non-metallic bombs that may be hidden in shoes , clothing , cell phones , laptops and tubes of toothpaste , Orr reports . That intelligence prompted the TSA in July to tighten security for U.S. bound flights from two dozen foreign airports .
Katherine Zimmerman , a senior analyst at American Enterprise Institute and expert on al Qaeda , says Khorasan is `` following bin Laden 's vision '' and al-Fadhli was one of the few in the terror cell who had knowledge of the 9/11 attacks before they were carried out .
`` He is what I consider to be a core al Qaeda member , '' Zimmerman told CBS News . `` He was within that inner circle . ''
U.S. officials told CBS News that Khorasan is a unit with a mandate directly from al Qaeda 's central command in Pakistan , sent into Syria with bomb-making experts from the terror network 's affiliate in Yemen , to try and plot attacks against the U.S. and Western allies .
Airstrikes in Syria : CIA insider on new attacks against ISIS , targeting Khorasan
`` I think it 's important that the fight against ISIS has now gone to Syria , '' Mike Morell , former deputy director of the CIA , said Tuesday , `` but I think it 's even more important that we struck the Khorasan group last night . ''
Morell , who is now a CBS News contributor , noted on `` CBS This Morning '' that CENTCOM had said it was attacking Khorasan to due to `` imminent threat plotting '' by the group .
`` That 's what we were trying to disrupt , '' Morell said . `` What that means to me as an intelligence officer , it means that we had detailed intelligence on attack plotting , either in the United States , or in Western Europe , or in both . ''
As for why al Qaeda has deployed a group to try and recreate in some fashion their Sept. 11 plot , Morell said the group sees the aviation industry `` as a symbol of the West . ''
In addition , `` they believe if they damage the airlines they can damage the American economy , as we saw with 9/11 , '' Morell said , adding that the terror network is also likely still of the mind that what worked once can work again .
Competing terrorists : U.S. faces fight with Khorasan and ISIS
What makes Khorasan so dangerous -- given its presumed access to the pool of hundreds of U.S. and European jihadists who have flooded into Syria to join the fight -- is the group 's suspected members from or trained by al Qaeda 's branch in Yemen , AQAP .
AQAP has been considered for years one of the most direct and imminent threats to the U.S. , boasting al Qaeda 's master bomb-builder , Ibrahim al-Asiri .
`` That is very worrisome because that brings together two pieces of a potential plot in the West , '' said Morell . `` It brings together Western fighters who have gone to Syria to fight -- so capable of carrying out operations in the West -- with this bomb technology that Asiri brings to the table . You put those things together , you have a serious threat . ''
Khorasan does not function as an independent group on the Syrian battlefield . It is part of or at least directly linked to al Qaeda 's franchise in the country , known as the al-Nusra Front , and as CBS News correspondent Clarissa Ward reports , attacking it may bring repercussions .
Unlike the attacks on ISIS , `` airstrikes against Nusra are not likely to be very popular on the ground , '' Ward said on `` CBS This Morning . ''
`` Although both espouse the same extremist ideology , Nusra has large support among the Syrian population , and has actually been fighting against ISIS on the battlefield -- at times even alongside the Western-backed , so-called 'moderate ' rebels that the U.S. is hoping will fight this war , '' explained Ward .
They said American strikes against al-Nusra could `` put those U.S.-backed fighters in a very tough situation , because they simply do not have the weaponry or the manpower to fight the Assad regime and ISIS , and now potentially the Nusra Front as well , at the same time . ''
The U.S. State Department made it clear that as far as the Obama administration is concerned at least , a strike on Khorasan is not the same as a strike on al-Nusra .
CBS News correspondent Margaret Brennan reported that , according to State Department officials , there is `` some '' overlap between al-Nusra and Khorasan , but they are not one in the same .
A Department official told Brennan that Khorasan refers to a network of al-Nusra Front and al Qaeda extremists and their associates who share a history of training operatives , facilitating fighters and money , and planning attacks against U.S. and Western targets .
Early Tuesday , Syrian activists said airstrikes overnight had killed as many as 50 al-Nusra fighters in rural Idlib province , which lies to the west of Aleppo . It remains unclear who carried out the strikes -- with some witnesses saying they were U.S. missiles and others saying it was Syria 's own military , on the orders of President Bashar Assad .
M @
What Does Google Think Of Your Bit Of London ?
Type any phrase into Google and it throws up various suggestions while you 're still typing . The feature , called autocomplete , can be used as a gauge for the most common searches .
Here , for example , is what you get for Croydon is ...
Most people are searching for the answers to questions , such as Croydon 's county , zone or safety . But sometimes , the top searches also yield a few descriptions . That 's what we 've mapped up top .
Not all areas give meaningful results , hence why you wo n't find places like Acton or Ealing on the map .
Finally , please bear in mind that these descriptions come from Google , and not from Londonist . Do n't shoot the messenger !
See also : our autocomplete map of London 's boroughs .
1 . FC Köln will travel to the German capital to take on Hertha BSC in the second round of the DFB-Pokal . The match will take place either on the 24th or 25th of October .
The second round is set . While FC got their 2017/18 Bundesliga campaign started against Borussia Mönchengladbach , the draw for the second round of the DFB-Pokal was taking place in a TV studio . In what has already become a familiar sight for FC fans , 1 . FC Köln will once again be playing a cup game on the road . FC have been drawn against Hertha BSC of the German capital . The match will take place either on the 24th or 25th of October .
`` It is a funny draw , I must say , '' said Peter Stöger after the match against Borussia Mönchengladbach . `` I am sure they are thinking the same in Berlin . But when you want to play in the final , you also have to beat the opponents in front of you . Whether you meet them in the second round or the quarterfinal , the challenge is the same . We are up for it , but it is by no means an easy draw . ''
The Black Lives Matter organization is a bunch of lawless , evil , racist and hate-generating scum , extremely bad for America
Enough with the Black Lives Matter Nonsense
Okay , so I am in Georgia with the Conservative Campaign Committee team working to defeat far-left-radical Democrat Jon Ossoff in the special election for the GOP congressional seat . Our CCC team was standing on a street corner waving “ Defeat Ossoff ” signs . A black woman pedestrian approached one of our team members to say they like Ossoff because they believe Black Lives Matter . They asked our white team member if they support Black Lives Matter . Our guy politely replied that they believe all lives matter . The woman seemed okay with their response .
Stupid divisive narrative continues to grow ; watered , fertilized and nurtured by Democrats and the fake news media But folks , I have got to tell you , their questioning my patriot brother annoyed me . It is absurd to be running around in 2017 America polling about whether or not black lives matter . For crying out loud , a black guy ran our country for the past 8 years . Oprah is worth over a billion dollars and so on . It is absurd to say Americans do not cherish blacks lives . And yet , this stupid divisive narrative continues to grow ; watered , fertilized and nurtured by Democrats and the fake news media . Disgusting ! I am a black guy . But I hate the Left relentlessly slandering and beating up on my fellow Americans who are white . Beginning in kindergarten , poor white kids are being taught in government schools to hate themselves for being born white . Folks , that is just plain nuts . When will parents begin saying no to these Government Leftist Indoctrination Camps disguised as public schools ? Can you say “ homeschooling ” boys and girls ?
The Black Lives Matter organization is a bunch of lawless , evil , racist and hate-generating scum The Black Lives Matter organization is a bunch of lawless , evil , racist and hate-generating scum , extremely bad for America . They must be defeated rather than pandered to Mr Ossoff . Remember the kids song from Sunday School , “ Red and yellow , black and white , they are precious in their sight. ” ? In other words , God says all lives matter . I say , “ Amen ! ”
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression . Tweet , Post , Forward , Subscribe or Bookmark us
Lloyd Marcus is the songwriter and vocalist of the American Tea Party Anthem . They currently serve as president of NAACPC ( National Association for the Advancement of Conservative People of Color ) . Visit their website at LloydMarcus.com
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned . As a privately owned website , we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam , advertising , vulgarity , threats of violence and death , racism , anti-Semitism , or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban. -- Follow these instructions on registering
A top Republican joined President Barack Obama 's call to review so-called `` Stand Your Ground '' laws in the aftermath of the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the 2012 shooting of black teen Trayvon Martin .
Sen. John McCain , Ariz. , a prominent Republican who 's been known to break ranks with fellow members of the GOP at times , urged state legislatures to review Stand Your Ground laws in the wake of the Zimmerman trial , which became a national flashpoint for race relations in America .
`` I can also see that Stand Your Ground laws may be something that needs to be reviewed by the Florida legislature or any other legislature that has passed such legislation , '' McCain said on CNN .
Asked whether their home state legislature should consider revising its own similar law , McCain said yes .
`` I think that , yes , I do , and I 'm confident that the members of the Arizona legislature will because it is a very controversial legislation , '' they said .
Stand Your Ground laws refer to a legal doctrine in some states where an individual is permitted to use force in the name of self-defense without having to necessarily try to retreat from a confrontation . Though Zimmerman did not cite the theory in their successful defense against murder charges in the Martin shooting , Stand Your Ground laws have come under scrutiny because of concerns that these laws might give rise to similar violent confrontations .
In extended and personal remarks about the Zimmerman trial and race , Obama on Friday joined the chorus of political leaders suggesting a review of Stand Your Ground laws is in order .
`` And for those who resist that idea that we should think about something like these 'Stand Your Ground ' laws , I 'd just ask people to consider , if Trayvon Martin was of age and armed , could they have stood their ground on that sidewalk ? '' Obama asked . `` And if the answer to that question is at least ambiguous , then it seems to me that we might want to examine those kinds of laws . ''
Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , blasted Obama for those comments during a speech this weekend in Iowa , a traditional stomping ground for candidates eyeing their own future bid for the presidency .
“ It is not surprising that the president uses , it seems , every opportunity that they can to go after our Second Amendment right to bear arms , '' Cruz said Friday , according to an account by CNN .
McCain on Sunday chided Cruz — a senator with whom they have sometimes clashed — suggesting that they did n't share the Texas senator 's suspicions .
`` Is n't this time for us to try to come together ? Is n't it time for America to come together in light of several weeks of what is really exacerbating relations between elements of our society ? I 'd rather have a message of coming together and discussing these issues rather than condemning , '' McCain said. `` I just respect their view , but I do n't frankly see the connection . ''
Obama 's comments about Stand Your Ground and race continued to reverberate on Sunday , as African American leaders pondered the significance of the president 's surprise remarks on Friday .
Rep. Marcia Fudge , D-Ohio , the chairperson of the Congressional Black Caucus , said on NBC 's Meet the Press that they were `` very proud '' of the president 's remarks .
But they also said that black Americans are `` being attacked from so many sides '' in politics , citing cuts to food stamp programs passed recently by the GOP-held House of Representatives , or the Supreme Court 's recent decision gutting parts of the landmark Voting Rights Act .
`` I do n't care how many laws you put on the table , '' they said . `` You can not legislate against prejudice or bias or racism . ''
Obama 's remarks about race did n't satisfy everybody , though . Pundit Tavis Smiley argued that Obama had essentially been pushed into delivering remarks about the Trayvon Martin case , and should have been more active in speaking about race after the Zimmerman verdict .
`` This is not Libya ; this is America , '' said Smiley on Meet the Press . `` On this issue , you can not lead from behind . ''
The contribution of British women to First World War photography has received little attention in comparison to that of later conflicts . This neglect is mostly due to the prevailing assumption that a war photographer must be a professional photojournalist with access to the battlefield and front line combat . However , such a narrow definition renders a proper appreciation of war photography and its practitioners impossible , particularly with regard to the First World War .
A broader definition is certainly important when considering women 's photography during this period . No professional female photojournalist had access to the battlefield or front line combat between 1914 and 1918 . However , in the years since its foundation in 1917 , IWM has assembled an extensive collection of professional and amateur photography taken by women for official , commercial or private purposes in the First World War . These photographs offer an important account of the general human experience of the war and a unique feminine perspective . Three collections , comprising photographs by Christina Broom , Olive Edis and Florence Farmborough , are of particular interest for the varied insights which they offer on the war and on the practice of photography by women at this time .
Christina Broom ( 1862-1939 ) and Olive Edis ( 1876-1955 ) were amongst the first women to build careers as freelance professional photographers in Britain . Both entered professional photography in 1903 in order to earn a living and support their families . Both were well educated by the standards of the day , but were essentially self-taught as photographers . Despite differences in approach and technique , both achieve a combination of formality and subtle intimacy in their photography .
Broom worked primarily in London as a freelance photographer from 1903 until their death in 1939 . Now recognised as the first woman to style themselves a press photographer , they submitted photographs , most notably of the Suffragette movement , to picture agencies for publication in magazines and national newspapers . But the core of their business , and the key formative influence on their photography , was the picture postcard industry , which peaked in popularity between 1902 and 1914 . Trading as Mrs Albert Broom and equipped with a medium format glass plate camera , Broom developed an effective style of group photography , shot primarily on location in the open air . Adept stage management and a subtle empathy for their subjects resulted in formal , carefully composed , yet revealing photographs which were often surprisingly intimate .
Broom 's technique lent itself to military and ceremonial subjects . In 1904 , an assignment with the Scots Guards resulted in their appointment as official photographer to the Brigade of Guards and Household Cavalry . This unprecedented accolade , sanctioned by King Edward VII , gave Broom unique access to these regiments , regarded as the elite of the British Army , at their London headquarters during the war .
Although it could be argued that Broom 's photography as a whole is somewhat formulaic , this criticism is less applicable to their wartime photography . Them coverage of the regiments preparing to leave London for France in August 1914 is candid , spontaneous and entirely devoid of the patriotic fervour then sweeping the country . Broom had worked with these soldiers for ten years . This was not just a professional assignment . It was a personal farewell to men they knew well and might not see again . Them photographs convey a grim urgency as men gather their equipment and assemble for departure .
Broom 's subsequent coverage of wartime events in the London area is similarly expressive . A group of women polices officers , photographed in 1916 , are undeniably formidable , and makes a clear point about these former suffragettes who had abandoned their violent political protest of the pre-war years to uphold the law in wartime Britain . A photograph showing a group of Women 's Volunteer Reserve signallers conveys amateurish enthusiasm . Inherent welcome and relief pervades Broom 's depiction of massed ranks of fresh-faced American troops at lunch soon after their long-awaited arrival in Britain . Broom 's final photograph of the war , showing sombre crowds assembled outside Buckingham Palace on Armistice Day in November 1918 , is strikingly funereal . A complete absence of celebration suggests fatigue and personal loss .
About
MICRO - The World 's Smallest Universal Travel Adapter with Surge Protection - Compatible in over 150 countries on all 7 continents .
Patent Pending
With Micro , you get the functionality of a universal travel adapter built into a cool design that matches the awesomeness of the gadgets you travel with . An adapter that 's simple , yet versatile and that feels extremely familiar , as if you 've already used it and loved it all your life .
Compacting and combining all the functionality of a big , heavy , bulky universal travel adapter into a cool gadget that 's smaller than a single socket travel adapter , Micro 's versatility is second to none .
MICRO is perfect for all your travel essentials .
Micro makes your travel experience easier . Much sleeker and a lot cooler-looking , Micro is hands-down the world 's smallest and the best designed travel adapter you 'll ever own .
“ Different ” and “ new ” is relatively easy . Doing something that 's genuinely better is very hard ! - Sir Jony Ive - Senior VP Design - Apple
Whether you are a business person with a small travel bag or a backpacker looking to minimize your travel load , Micro helps you stay light and ticks all the essential boxes with its innovative design and complete functionality .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
How small is Micro ? See for yourself !
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
The integrated casing covers any 3rd pin safely so you do n't have to worry about exposed plug pins ever again !
The top and bottom release levers have 2 positions : locked and unlocked.To release a set of pins , slide the lever to the left ( unlocked position ) .
To lock a set of pins in place ( either in open or stored position ) , slide the release levers to the right .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
The four faces of MICRO are everything you need in almost every country in the world !
The Americas and over 54 other countries - When you visit the United States , use the top lever to release the US pins , then lock them into position .
Australia and over 29 other countries - If you find yourself Down Under , use the top lever to release the US pins and twist them into position to match the Aussie socket type .
Europe and over 125 other countries - If you 're traveling across Europe , use the bottom lever to release the European pins , then lock them into position .
UK and over 47 other countries - The additional modular pin , seamlessly built into the Micro design , allows you to plug into UK sockets without having to use knives , pens or other dangerous options . Simply remove the modular pin from its location , slide it into the designated slot and press the side grip to lock it into position . Use the bottom lever to release the European pins , lock them into position , and you 're ready to plug your devices in the UK in seconds .
And when you 're done , simply push to store and lock .
A power surge is a sudden spike in your home 's or hotel 's electrical current . The spike lasts less than a thousandth of a second , but it can be the end of your valuable devices .
With Micro , you no longer have to worry about a surge frying your devices . The built-in 6.3A fuse keeps your devices safe , wherever you might be ...
HELP SPREAD THE WORD
Insomniac Records is set to bring you some fire house beats at the Upside Down House during EDC Las Vegas 2017 !
Over the next few weeks , we 'll be putting together a featured series of artists from our favorite genres that you should check out at EDC Las Vegas . We have a lot of ground to cover before everyone meets under the electric sky , so let 's get a little dirty and bassy with it , shall we ? This week , we 're going to take a dive into one of the most well-known genres of dance music – house .
House music started in Chicago in the late 1970 's or early 1980 's , depending on who you talk to . Local folklore says that Frankie Knuckles , often referred to as The Godfather of house music , started playing it at South Side club The Warehouse and the name came from that . Whether or not that is real life or a fairytale is a hotly debated topic , but what is n't up for debate is that house music took the world by storm and has had a huge influence on the electronic music scene for going on four decades . House is a direct descendant of disco , and is characterized by 4/4 beats and synthesized basslines , and has a deeper , more danceable quality than that of disco music .
If you 're new to EDM , house is a great place to get your feet wet . If you 've been in the game for years , the genre can always help you find some life in those worn out dancing shoes you 've got on . No matter what the other case , be sure to check out the artists below and see them at the upside-downHOUSE !
Cut Snake
Facebook | Twitter | Soundcloud
Cut Snake is a house duo originally hailing from the Gold Coast of Australia . Their productions and live shows are crafted with a sIngular goal : to make everyone forget all their cares and have an absolute blast . Fish and Sedz of Cut Snake met as children while competing in surf competitions when were twelve years old . They 've been friends ever since , and after discovering electronic music through their travels , decided to try out production in their downtime .
Cut Snake 's music is infectiously funky , and they 're known to throw wild shows . I saw them last at the spring season CRSSD Festival in San Diego and it was fantastic . They also host the Sea Circus radio show where they invite loads of underground house DJs to perform guest mixes . They 'll be bringing the good vibes to the Upside Down House at EDC this year , so be sure to stop by for a wild time .
Maximono
Facebook | Twitter | SoundCloud
If you have n't experienced the frenzied beats of UK-based duo Maximono , you 're in luck : the boundary-pushing producers will be bringing their Dirtybird-supported Non Sense Tour to the Upside-Down House . If you 're in the mood for a party , there is no better place to get it started .
Maximono believes that there are no rules in music , and that is evident in their sets . They blend house music together with an unexpected mixture of bass music , hip hop , and trap for music that makes you want to dance all night and well into the morning . Make sure to hit up the Upside Down House to check them out !
Sacha Robotti
Facebook | Twitter | SoundCloud
Hailing from Los Angeles , Italian-German-Belgian DJ/producer Sacha Robotti is the real deal . Early on in life , Robotti knew that music was for him : they started playing cello at age 7 and is a classically trained musician . Listening to their music , you can hear that they draw influence from a variety of different genres and artists . Their style is a healthy blend of bass , funk , and house . Give this Dirtybird record player a listen below and check them out at EDC Las Vegas .
Sage Armstrong
Facebook | Twitter | SoundCloud
Sage Armstrong is an up-and-coming artist in the festival circuit scene , whose penchant for blending genres gives their shows a unique character . The Orlando-born producer and DJ started out in 201 and has released music through Dirtybird , Fool 's Gold , and Perfect Driver Music .
Sage 's shows are a fun blend of house , techno , and breakbeats with a strong hip-hop influence , and often feature live vocals by the man himself . He 's been a feature at Insomniac Records-hosted stages , and I got to catch part of their set at Middlelands when I was on break . I can say with absolute certainty that watching them play was worth cutting into my lunch time .
Sage will be bringing it with Insomniac Records again at the Upside Down House at EDC this year , and the party vibes will be some of the most fun you can find at the festival .
Sinden
Facebook | Twitter | SoundCloud
Graeme Sinden has been steadily building a name for themselves in the scene over the last decade . The eponymous producer has collaborated with industry heavyweights AC Slater , Shadow Child , and SBTRKT , and has remixed the likes of Alison Wonderland , Santigold , and Passion Pit . He 's incredibly prolific and produced tons of music through these collaborations – check out their SoundCloud for a taste of what they have to offer .
Sinden 's sound is distinctly housed , with a bassy , grimy undertone that sets is apart from other producers in the genre . Fresh off the release of their new Sinden 's House Line EP , they are primed to set the Upside Down House on fire at EDC Las Vegas this summer . If you 're a fan of the darker side of house music , make sure to catch them there !
Will Clarke
Facebook | Twitter | SoundCloud
Self-described as a bearded , booty-cuddling machine , Will Clarke hails from Bristol , England and is a member of the Dirtybird Records flock . Launching into the scene with their single “ Big Booty , ” they followed up with their Booty Percolatin ' EP on Dirtybird Records . If you have n't listened to their EP yet , do yourself a favor and crank it to 11 – you wo n't be disappointed .
Appearing for their first time at EDC Las Vegas , he 'll be bringing their A-game . Be sure to check out the house , techno , and future sounds of DJ Will Clarke at the upside-downHOUSE !
Connect With EDC Las Vegas On Social Media :
Website | Facebook | Twitter | Instagram
Featured Photo Credit : Insomniac Events
Dud public servants are being given taxpayer-funded golden handshakes or generous early retirements because departments do not want to deal properly with under-performers , a new government audit has found .
A long-anticipated Australian National Audit Office report on so-called `` performance management '' processes for public servants found between 14 and 30 per cent of employees in some of Canberra 's biggest government departments believed their bosses dealt effectively with under-performing colleagues , with significant areas of improvement identified .
The review considered underperformance policies and procedures in the APS . Credit : Louise Kennerley
A long-standing frustration for many public servants , the audit considered performance management processes in a range of departments and agencies , including the Australian Tax Office , the departments of the Attorney-General , Veterans ' Affairs , Social Services , Industry , Innovation and Science , Agriculture , IP Australia and Canberra 's National Film and Sound Archive .
Social Services had the highest number of staff found to be `` less than effective '' between 2012-13 and 205-16 , with 338 employees or 3.06 per cent for the period . Among that group 19.2 per cent had been rated less than effective more than once .
How Do We Shift Power to the People
and Away from Concentrated Corporate Power ?
Education , Organization and a Culture of Resistance Will Build an Independent Movement for Real Change
By Kevin Zeese
December 24 , 2010 ``
Information Clearing House
`` -- - The power of concentrated corporate capital was on display in Washington last week , as it has been all year . The incoming Chair of the Congressional committee responsible for banking regulation , Rep. Spencer Bachus ( R-AL ) says “ my view is that Washington and the regulators are there to serve the banks. ” And President Obama sat down with the CEOs of 20 large corporations to talk about how they could help Big Business increase their already record profits . And , in the Supreme Court , 13 of 16 business cases were ruled in favor of business interests .
These actions echo a year where Sen. Durbin complained the banks “ own ” the Congress and where President Obama worked with the health insurance industry to keep them in control of health care while claiming it was “ reform , ” and where the Supreme Court in Citizens United vastly increased corporate power in elections by allowing unlimited spending .
Corporate capital dominates the government and prevents the changes urgently needed in so many crisis issues for the nation and the world .
In the last year , through Prosperity Agenda I worked on many of these critical issues including the impact of corporate power on elections , providing health care to all Americans , restructuring finance regulation to prevent another economic collapse and reigning in spending on weapons and war . In all of these areas we had some impact , but in 2011 and beyond , much more will be needed .
Shifting power from concentrated corporate interests to the people is no easy task . It has taken years of work by those interests to gain the power that they have . It will take years of work to weaken the corporate stranglehold . The growing crises remind us of the urgency of our work and the need for a commitment to sustain and increase our efforts .
In preparing this article I looked back at a memo written by Lewis Powell two months before they were nominated to the Supreme Court by President Nixon . The memo was written in 1971 at a time when the business community felt it was rapidly losing power and that the capitalist system was under severe attack . Powell , a lawyer for the Richmond Chamber of Commerce , described as “ the fundamental premise ” of their paper that “ business and the enterprise system are in deep trouble , and the hour is late. ” They saw attacks coming in the colleges , in the media , on the streets , in bookstores and from politicians . Everywhere they looked they were under attack and on the verge of total defeat – the end of free markets and crony capitalism .
The purpose of the Powell memo , written to the head of the Chamber of Commerce , was to lay out a plan to restore and build corporate power . Powell laid out a plan that is instructive for those of us who want to shift power from concentrated capital to the people , who want to see a democratized economy in which people have greater control of their economic lives and are more represented in both the economy and government .
Powell 's plan was a long-term one built primarily on education and organization . In response to a “ broadly based and consistently pursued ” attack on corporate power , Powell wrote “ independent and uncoordinated activity by individual corporations , as important as this is , will not be sufficient . Strength lies in organization , in careful long-range planning and implementation , in consistency of action over an indefinite period of years , in the scale of financing available only through joint effort , and in the political power available only through united action and national organizations. ” They urged action in universities , with speaker 's bureaus , in publishing , influencing the media and working in the courts , as well as in electoral politics .
We also have a long term plan to educate , organize and unite our efforts :
We 've used education in writing , media and video . We strive for but do not rely on the corporate media , which is also part of the problem , to cover our work . We also recognize that too often they are part of the problem . We make our own media and work with the independent media .
We 've reached out to allied organizations and allied movements in order to help develop consistent and coordinated actions . And we 've asked our thousands of members to take actions in unison so our voices are multiplied .
We 've used the courts and instruments of government to challenge the illegal actions of the Chamber of Commerce and Karl Rove 's American Crossroads seeking investigation and prosecution of their abuses in the 2010 elections . See more here , and here . We 've done the same when we seek corporate responsibility for companies like Massey Energy and their CEO Don Blankenship when 29 miners were killed in West Virginia ( more here ) and were pleased when they resigned .
While education and organization are critical ingredients to bringing change , this is a slow process and many of the issues the nation faces are urgent . This is why we also pursue acts of protest and resistance . We did this in the health care debate and most recently in the anti-war movement . Resistance has always been an ingredient for bringing change whether it was people sitting in at segregated lunch counters , or blacks sitting in the white section of the bus , or Cindy Sheehan camping outside of George Bush 's ranch . In the next year we will see a growing culture of resistance in the United States .
Other acts of resistance are seen around the release of documents by WikiLeaks . The reaction demonstrated corporations and the government working together to block the American people from knowing what is being done in our name . VISA , Mastercard , Bank of America , PayPal , Amazon and various financial institutions stopped processing funds for WikiLeaks at the request of the government . But the truth is getting out and we now know what the government is doing in our name and must take action to stop it . Knowing the truth and not acting is complicity . More and more Americans are acting . We see resistance in the more than 1,000 mirror sites of WikiLeaks , in the more than 100,000 people who downloaded the WikiLeaks “ insurance policy ” and were prepared to release documents if Julian Assange were harmed . It is seen in Americans organizing for their right to know , and to reaffirm Freedom of the Press . We are organizing under the banner WikiLeaksIsDemocracy.org , with a petition signed by notables and now by thousands . Join us and urge others to as well .
It is going to take education , organization and resistance as part of a persistent independent movement for political change . Those who want real change achieve it by voting for parties dominated by the donations of corporate executives . Voting for corporate parties re-enforces corporate power . We need independent electoral activity along with an independent movement and independent media to shift the power to the people .
There is a growing movement for real paradigm shifting change . It is a slow process that is accelerating and 2011 promises to be a milestone year . Please join us in our efforts at www.ProsperityAgenda.US . We need all Americans who want a democratized economy where power is shifted to the people joining us .
Remember those “ Second Amendment remedies ? ” They 're baaack !
Donald Trump ‘ s rally in Phoenix , Arizona was an aggressive affair that kicked off with the crowd chanting a correction at opening act Gov . Jan Brewer , who made the mistake of saying Trump would build a “ fence. ” As the crowd began to chant , an aide could be heard trying to correct Brewer onstage :
“ Say ‘ Wall ! ' ”
After Brewer was done , other opening act Sheriff Joe Arpaio got the crowd whipped up even more by telling them about the protesters who disrupted traffic into the event . “ Three of them are in jail ! ” Arpaio exclaimed , to roars of approval :
That was all just a warmup for Trump , though , who took the crowd through the usual paces of their yuge poll numbers , their adventures with Little Marco and Lyin ' Ted , their trade and immigration policies , and how badly we 're going to knock the hell out of ISIS .
Then , they wrapped things up with this chilling addition to the “ We 're gon na win ! ” litany that they do at every rally :
We 're going to win with our Second Amendment ! We 're gon na win big league with our Second Amendment !
Coupled with their recent “ prediction ” of riots at the Republican National convention in Cleveland , Trump 's mantra is especially disturbing . Ohio , it should be noted , is an “ open carry ” state , which could make an explosive convention that much more interesting . Surely , the RNC will want to permit firearms at the convention , so there are as many good guys with guns there as possible .
This is an opinion piece . The views expressed in this article are those of just the author .
Debate over the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , known commonly as `` Obamacare , '' only seemed to intensify once the Supreme Court settled the question of its constitutionality .
The soundbite machines on both sides of the issue went to work . One from opponents of the law took aim at it as a tax . Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel , the Republican challenging Sen. Sherrod Brown , chimed in on that point .
You can read that column and others from last week at PolitiFactOhio . Here 's a quick look at items that appeared in The Plain Dealer :
Taxing accuracy : Mandel joined other Republicans in calling for repeal of the Affordable Care Act , saying the decision `` sets the stage for the November election . ''
The day of the court 's ruling , Mandel said that Brown had voted `` for what will likely go down as the biggest tax increase in history . ''
PolifiFact Ohio rated Mandel 's claim Pants on Fire .
There are a number of taxes in the law that take effect over several years . There also are credits that send money the other way .
The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that the health law will bring in more than $ 437.8 billion by 2019 , the year all taxes are in place . The government 's nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated the additional revenues coming in to the government to be $ 525 billion between now and 2019 .
A report by the Office of Tax Analysis with the U.S. Department of the Treasury compared major tax laws from 1940 to 2006 , estimating their impact as percentages of gross domestic product . Comparing that way adjusts for inflation .
The largest increase was the Revenue Act of 1942 , equal to 5.04 percent of GDP . The rest of the Top 5 : the Revenue Act of 1961 ( 2.2 percent ) , the Current Tax Payment Act of 1943 ( 1.13 percent ) , the Revenue and Expenditure Control Act of 1968 ( 1.09 percent ) and the Excess Profits Tax of 1950 ( 0.97 percent ) .
Using the same method , PolitiFact calculated the impact of the Affordable Care Act would amount to 0.49 percent of total GDP . That 's about the same size as tax increases made under Presidents Jimmy Carter , George H.W . Bush and Bill Clinton .
The health care law 's impact would have to grow more than tenfold to match the 1942 wartime tax increase . It would have to nearly double to match a 1982 increase under President Ronald Reagan . At 0.49 percent , it barely cracks the Top 10 since 1940 .
Labored claim : Rep. Bill Johnson often raises jobs as an issue when they meet with voters in the 6th Congressional District , which stretches along the state 's southeast border from Youngstown to the southernmost counties in Appalachia .
The Republican mentioned it in one of the telephone town halls they use to keep in touch with their sprawling district .
`` I do n't know if you realize this or not , '' they told a caller , `` but the state of Ohio has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation right now and is leading the pack in terms of job creation . ''
PolitiFact Ohio rated their claim Mostly False .
Johnson cited PolitiFact Ohio 's fact-check of April 5 , on Gov . John Kasich 's statement that Ohio was `` the No . 1 job creator in America in February , and we are now the No . 4 job creator in the last year . '' We rated that statement as True .
But statistics are volatile . In March , Ohio went from first to the worst by losing 5,200 jobs . And 2,000 more jobs were lost in April .
Unemployment figures for April , which were the latest available when Johnson spoke , had Ohio and Pennsylvania tied for 28th place with unemployment rates of 7.4 percent .
Hey , big spenders ! : Spending on television ads in the U.S. Senate race has grabbed the attention of both campaigns , with each side blasting the other for the millions that special-interest groups are contributing .
The focus is on `` outside spending '' -- money poured into elections by groups that are not directly tied to a candidate . These groups often are unbound by campaign finance restrictions and can accept contributions from anonymous donors .
After Democrats claimed that $ 10.5 million in outside money had been spent against Brown , the Ohio Republican Party fought back , saying `` Sherrod Brown and their special-interest allies in Washington are plotting to spend over $ 13 million [ against Mandel ] , with no end in sight . ''
PolitiFact Ohio rated that claim Half True .
The claim is literally true because it includes both Brown and their allies . But the context in which it was made is important , too . The dispute between the campaigns revolved around outside money , and the full statement , contained in an email , focused on outside money .
But of the $ 13 million , which the Brown campaign confirmed , Brown 's campaign and the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , which both must disclose their donors , accounted for about $ 11 million .
Economic engine : Monthly employment reports from the U.S. Department of Labor are a regular source for campaign rhetoric .
After June 's numbers were released earlier this month , Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz , a member of congress from Florida , tried to give them a positive spin , talking about the importance of the auto industry for Ohio .
`` In Ohio , '' Wasserman Schultz said , `` 80 out of 82 counties in Ohio actually have an auto manufacturing facility .
PolitiFact Ohio rated their claim Mostly True .
While they misstated the total number of counties in the state ( Ohio has 88 ) , they got right the number of counties that have at least one business related to production of motor vehicles , bodies , trailers and parts . A 2011 report from the Ohio Department of Development backs that figure .
NewsHomosexuality , Politics - U.S .
As the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals considers whether to strike down laws in three states banning same-sex “ marriage , ” four adult children of homosexual parents have filed court briefings arguing that government-sanctioned homosexual unions could lead to disaster for thousands of kids .
Katy Faust , Dawn Stefanowicz , B.N . Klein , and Robert Oscar Lopez , who were all raised by homosexual parents , each submitted briefs to the 5th Circuit opposing the legalization of same-sex “ marriage. ” Recounting childhood memories of households made deeply dysfunctional by their parents ' sexual appetites and the radical subculture that went along with their “ gay ” identities , all four argued that redefining marriage to include homosexual couples will likely lead to the exploitation and abuse of countless children for political and personal gain .
“ I grew up with a parent and their partner [ s ] in an atmosphere in which gay ideology was used as a tool of repression , retribution and abuse , ” wrote B.N . Klein of their lesbian mother and their series of live-in lovers . “ I have seen that children in gay households often become props to be publically [ sic ] displayed to prove that gay families are just like heterosexual ones . ”
“ While I do not believe all gays would be de facto bad parents , I know that the gay community has never in my lifetime put children first as anything other than a piece of property , a past mistake or a political tool to be dressed up and taken out as part of a dog-and-pony show to impress the well-meaning , ” Klein wrote . They added that as a child of a lesbian mother , they were pressured to pay “ constant homage and attention ” to their mother 's gay identity , taught that “ some Jews and most Christians were stupid and hated gays and were violent , ” and told that homosexuals were “ much more creative and artistic because they were not repressed and were naturally more ‘ feeling . ' ”
While Klein classified their upbringing as abusive , Robert Oscar Lopez told the court that their own childhood upbringing by their mother and their longtime partner represented the “ best possible conditions for a child raised by a same-sex couple. ” Even so , Lopez testified that the lack of a father figure in their life , combined with the influence of the radical gay culture in which they were raised , gave rise to a devastating confusion about their own sexuality and ultimately led to theirs becoming a homosexual prostitute in their teen years in order to fulfill their craving for acceptance and love from older men .
“ Had I been formally studied by same-sex parenting ‘ experts ' in 1985 , I would have confirmed their rosiest estimations of LGBT family life , ” Lopez wrote . “ [ But b ] ehind these façades of a happy ‘ outcome ' lay many problems . ”
“ I experienced a great deal of sexual confusion , ” Lopez wrote . “ I had an inexplicable compulsion to have sex with older males … and wanted to have sex with older men who were my father 's age , though at the time I could scarcely understand what I was doing . ”
“ The money I received for sex certainly helped me financially because it allowed me certain spending money beyond what I earned with my teenage jobs at a pizzeria and in my mother 's [ psychiatric ] clinic . But the money was not as impactful as the fact that I needed to feel loved and wanted by an older male figure , even if for only as short as a half hour . ”
Lopez said that they have spoken to dozens of other adult children of homosexuals , and that many of them have similar stories of pain and damage inflicted by the absence of a biological parent and the unwanted “ step-parent ” type relationship demanded by their homosexual parents ' lovers . Lopez included testimonies from nine of them in their brief , but said there were many more who were afraid to speak out for fear that the homosexual lobby would target them for harassment like they have Lopez himself .
“ Children raised by same-sex couples face a gauntlet if they break the silence about the ‘ no disadvantages ' consensus , ” Lopez wrote , after recounting how homosexual activists harassed their employers and spread lies about them on the internet after they first came forward about their own childhood experiences as the son of a lesbian . “ In such a climate , I must conclude that placing children in same-sex couples ' homes is dangerous , because they have no space or latitude to express negative feelings about losing a mom or dad , and in fact they have much to fear if they do . ”
Katy Faust also testified that children of homosexuals are intimidated into silence by gay activists who threaten them with public shaming , job interference , and worse for daring to speak out against same-sex “ marriage . ”
“ Some adult children with gay parents shy away from making their thoughts about marriage public because we do not want to jeopardize our relationships with those to whom our hearts are tethered , ” Faust wrote . “ Unfortunately , many gay-marriage lobbyists have made gay marriage the sole badge of loyalty to our LGBT family and friends . ”
“ The label of bigot or hater has become very powerful and effective tools to silence those of us who choose not to endorse the marriage platform of many gay lobbyists , ” Faust continued . “ For much of my adult life I was content to keep my opinions on the subject of marriage to myself . I was ( and still am ) sickened by the accusation that I was bigoted and anti-gay for my belief in natural marriage . ”
“ For many years those devices kept me quiet , ” admitted Faust . “ I did n't seek a venue where I could share my views . But I have come to realize that my silence , and the silence of others , has allowed for the conversation to be dominated by those who claim that only animus , ignorance , or indoctrination could lead one to oppose ‘ marriage equality . ' ”
Faust said that their outspokenness against same-sex “ marriage ” stems from their belief that every child has a right to a relationship with their or their mother and father .
“ When we institutionalize same-sex marriage … we move from permitting citizens the freedom to live as they choose , to promoting same-sex headed households , ” Faust wrote . “ Now we are normalizing a family structure where a child will always be deprived daily of one gender influence and the relationship with at least one natural parent . Our cultural narrative becomes one that , in essence , tells children that they have no right to the natural family structure or their biological parents , but that children simply exist for the satisfaction of adult desires . ”
Dawn Stefanowicz echoed the sentiments of the other three , in a frank and graphic testimony of their childhood with a promiscuous homosexual father who later died of AIDS .
“ It is quite difficult to discuss the implications of growing up in a gay household until later in adulthood when we have developed a measure of personal identity and independence apart from our GLBT parent , partners and the subcultures , ” Stefanowicz wrote . “ We are often forced to approve and tolerate all forms of expressed sexuality , including various sexual and gender identity preferences . ”
“ As children , we are not allowed to express our disagreement , pain and confusion , ” wrote Stefanowicz . “ Most adult children from gay households do not feel safe or free to publicly express their stories and life-long challenges ; they fear losing professional licenses , not obtaining employment in their chosen field , being cut off from some family members or losing whatever relationship they have with their gay parent ( s ) . Some gay parents have threatened to leave no inheritance , if the children do n't accept their parent 's partner du jour . ”
“ The special-interest GLBT groups and so-called support groups for kids sometimes act , or function , as fronts for a far darker side that silences , intimidates and threatens the children who want to share the truth , allowing only a politically-correct version of our childhoods to be heard , ” Stefanowicz continued . “ These special-interest groups support political and legal objectives toward same-sex marriage , ignoring the horrendous inequality , permanent losses and prejudice to children in the name of adult sexual rights . Children lose forever their rights to know and be raised by their married biological father and mother . ”
A three-judge panel of the 5th Circuit heard oral arguments ( audio here ) regarding the legality of state bans on same-sex “ marriage ” last Friday . However , it could be months before they issue an opinion .
Meanwhile , the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to review a lower court decision upholding Louisiana 's ban on same-sex “ marriage. ” The high court is still considering whether to hear arguments concerning bans in Ohio , Michigan , Kentucky , and Tennessee .
Sometimes an event appears that one crystallizes as totally correct , a justifiable result based on correct application of the facts .
Such a result occurred with the announcement this week that George Bush 's support figure has plummeted to yet another calamitous low . Bush 's rating stands at 25 percent according to the current NBC Poll .
When Dan Abrams , an NBC commentator , spoke about this development on their Friday , June 6 edition on MSNBC , they spoke with justifiable surprise . As Abrams indicated , generally , even with a record the vast majority of Americans rate as thoroughly abysmal , as has been the case with Bush for some time now , such unfortunate chief executives can at least squeak out a 30 to 35 percent figure .
Richard Nixon represents such an example . Even in the doldrums of their drowning presidency , when Barry Goldwater , on behalf of a Republican Party frightened that it faced potential extinction , Nixon never plummeted below 30 percent .
With Bush reaching a cataclysmic 25 percent figure this means that they have been deserted by certain members of that seemingly intractable element of Republican permanent support , Rush Limbaugh Dittoheads and Fox News Zombies .
This element constituted such a seemingly immovable force that many of us never dreamt that , in the present political environment , Bush or any other Republican would nosedive to as precipitous a level as 25 percent .
After George Bush 's forces stole the 2000 presidential election through the combination of the Jeb Bush-Katherine Harris partnership in Florida and a Supreme Court majority in Washington , D.C. , the newly designated chief executive declared that they would end partisan political division in the nation 's capital .
With Bush 's two term era of slash and burn with a war launched on lies in Iraq and total fealty to wealthy corporate interests at home to the point where the national debt will soon stand at $ 10 trillion , they have indeed brought us a government the existence of which many never imagined .
As for ending partisan division in Washington , to that extent let us pay Bush their due and consider this one of those occasions when they did not lie to the American people .
Partisan division did end . The Democratic leadership of Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi , even after the 2006 congressional elections ended the Republican reign in the Senate and House , saw to it that no impeachment proceedings were initiated .
In other words , even after international law is flouted through rushing the country to war predicated on lies , the Bill of Rights has been sacked , and the Geneva Conventions have been brutally abrogated by sanctioning widespread torture , the Democratic leadership disgracefully tiptoed away .
They tiptoed rather than proceeding toward impeachment when the U.S. Constitution mandates such action whenever federal public officials commit “ high crimes and misdemeanors . ”
So never let it be said that George W. Bush along with Dick Cheney did not end division . With the Democratic leadership rolling over , the Project for the New American Century along with the most rabid elements of the New World Order had the dream world they had long envisioned , albeit a nightmare scenario for Americans caught in their brutal vise .
The part of the scenario that those who have suffered during a corrupt , unethical rule of corporate dictatorship can now enjoy is that , given they got what they wanted , the Bush-Cheney team along with their greedy corporate fellow travelers can not do what Republicans have done in past years .
They are no longer in a tenable position to blame Democrats .
Hence , the McCain campaign can run on the Bush-Cheney record .
As loyal Republicans , should they not proudly do so ?
_______
Bill Hare
SOCCEROOS captain Lucas Neill insists there is no need to `` panic '' over the future of the Socceroos as they plot a return to form and three crucial points in their World Cup qualifying group .
Facing Lebanon in a friendly early on Friday , Holger Osieck 's squad then travel to Jordan looking for a first win in three World Cup qualifiers to stay within touching distance of group leaders Japan .
Despite the navel-gazing that followed the side 's limp 3-1 loss to Scotland last month , Neill said that was an aberration rather than evidence of a systemic problem .
`` Coming into the camp ( in Beirut ) , straight away there was a lot more focus , '' Neill said . `` In the last camp against Scotland , it was still effectively pre-season for most players and a few of us had other situations going on .
`` Now we know we 're here to play two important games . No one wants to look for any excuses in regard to Scotland - it was n't a good display .
`` But I do n't think wholesale changes are necessary given the same team had been praised for playing so well against Japan in June , after a lot of travel and with 10 men at the end .
`` I understand the reaction there was after the Scotland game but there 'll certainly be no panic from our end . ''
Nonetheless , Neill conceded that in their recent double headers the Socceroos had struggled to pair commanding performances together , despite the opportunity to spend time building momentum . `` Yes , Lebanon is a friendly , but it serves a very important purpose , '' they said . `` We have to find rhythm and team spirit in that first game , and grind out any rustiness so that when Jordan comes around we 're ready to attack the game .
`` It 's hard to describe the feeling that a team gets when everything clicks , and we want to search for that against Lebanon .
`` As individuals and as a team we need a good performance in Beirut . And then hopefully from that , the game against Jordan gives us the chance to stay close to Japan . ''
Liverpool 's second-string goalkeeper Brad Jones has been called into the squad after Adam Federici had to pull out with an injury .
It 's the first time Jones has been called up since their son Luca lost a long battle with leukaemia and died in November last year .
Originally published as Socceroos refuse to hit panic button
The midfielder remains confident they and their team-mates can get all three points at the Santiago Bernabeu and says the reigning Spanish champions remain very much in the title race
Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta has challenged their team-mates to take the game to Real Madrid in the latest instalment of El Clasico on Sunday .
The two biggest clubs in Spanish football go head-to-head in the Spanish capital with Barcelona looking for a win that would keep their hopes of retaining La Liga alive .
The Catalan giants sit four points behind leaders Real and know defeat could spell the end of their title defence .
`` We know that we are always required to bring our very best football when we play at the Bernabeu , '' Iniesta told a news conference on Thursday .
`` But we have to be , more than ever , Barça .
`` We just have to be brave , keep possession . If we do n't do that , we will have a bad time . It 's a ground where the biggest demands are made of players .
`` We have to go out and play to win and be daring . Things have normally worked out well when we have been daring . ''
After it was suggested Barcelona fans would feel like underdogs heading into the match , Iniesta said they had every right to be confident .
`` I do n't like to think that there are supporters of our team who do n't think we are able to win the league or win at the Bernabeu , '' they added .
`` This is a team that has won so many different things . We have won the right to believe in ourselves .
`` Yes , we have had bad games , but so has every team . Generally year after year we have been winning with this team .
`` Big demands have been made of this team and we have responded and we have been winning well .
`` If things do n't go well it is normal that there will be criticism , but to think that Madrid are just going to beat us easily , I do n't think anyone should think that .
`` We are going there to play a good game . It 's not as if we are 20 points from the leaders . We still have a chance of catching up . It 's not that hard . ''
Is improving knowledge retrieval possible ? Yes !
Watching my students ' faces as I explain to them that they will be sitting a test in a fortnight is something to behold . I often witness a whole range of emotions , from annoyance , to despair , to completely blank and unreadable expressions . It 's never a good look ! So , a priority I 've been working on for the past few months is improving knowledge retrieval , so that when a test is announced , my students can deal with it in a much more positive way .
I 'm not a magician or have super-powers though !
I 'm using a tried and tested method for improving knowledge retrieval by my students . They tell me that their greatest fear is that they will forget the information they need in order to perform well in the test . So , I 'm teaching them a simple tactic for knowledge retrieval . Now , my students react to news of upcoming tests much more positively . They view them as a way to demonstrate their successes , rather than as a log of their failures .
How do teachers test students ' memory in the classroom ?
Typically , teachers give little thought to the amount of time spent between the learning and the testing . We often test students ' memories either straight after teaching them , or months or even years later , if they are studying a two or even three-year long course .
This is a problem , but one with a simple and highly practical solution . Not only that , it wo n't add to the ever-increasing teacher workload problem .
I 've discussed this with a number of colleagues in different schools and they have all had the same experience with their students , regardless of the type of school or the nature of the individual students . More research is needed in this area . Fortunately , teachers and educational psychologists are beginning to pay attention to this issue and develop strategies for improving knowledge retrieval .
The research on improving knowledge retrieval
Recently , I read a post by the Learning Scientists , who have explored one solution to the issue of knowledge retrieval . They call it Spaced Retrieval Practice . I 'll leave it to you to read their blog post on it , but I 'll summarise their research here .
We often deliver content to students , then test their memorisation of that content too soon . Students have n't had enough time to forget the information . Therefore , when they remember it , we as teachers praise their efforts . We should n't ! Remembering something that you 've just been told is a pretty low bar to clear . By allowing students a little longer to forget some of their knowledge , we test their ability to bring back to their memory the information that has temporarily disappeared . This is what will improve their grades when they sit the test at the end of the course .
The Memory Muscle
I describe memory like it 's a muscle . You need to exercise it in order for it to grow stronger . The more stress you put the muscle under , the stronger it will grow . Similarly , the skill of being able to recall information is improved when a little stress is applied each time . The stress , in this case , is the length of time between the teaching and the recall . Practising knowledge retrieval regularly not only aids students in being able to recall the information , but it also helps them assess more accurately just how strong their memory is . Ultimately , over the long term , students will make more progress .
The results are in…
Students remember more information because they have practised retrieval Students then become more confident and so worry less about upcoming tests The lack of anxiety about the test then enables them to REMEMBER EVEN MORE !
When you use knowledge retrieval practice effectively , you create a virtuous circle . Now it 's time to share this information more widely so that all teachers and students can benefit from it . Please SHARE this blog post with as many teachers as you can !
Follow me on Twitter and now on Pinterest too .
And do n't forget to click on the share buttons below !
Like this : Like Loading ...
I would like to introduce you to the first alpha version of this addon . The FitTube addon for Kodi will play a random video from our library of videos that are uploaded daily on the app . Upload your video to show up on this addon . There are a few options . My favorite is to select 10 random workout videos and follow them . To achieve this , select the option that allows you to select a number of videos . Then use the option key on your remote to play them all ; one after another automatically . If you just want the zip file scroll down and skip the basics 🙂
sponsored by www.HomeGymStore.Net – Best Home Gym Equipment
If you would like to donate to make this project better please consider it . In the future I would like to add categories and better sorting options . Unfortunately since we did not intend to create an addon the videos have random names . Nonetheless , as soon as we raise money to develop the real FitTube I will make sure the next update has way more features and a more comprehensive navigation .
How to install the FitTube addon – 2 ways or more aka find your own way
For Windows 10
First install Kodi if you have n't already . It is available for very many platforms ( Windows , Linux , macOS , Android , Raspberry Pi , iOS , Other ) it is the main reason why I thought it would be a good idea to develop and tap into this fascinating new way of consuming content available worldwide .
If you already have the Indigo tool installed on your Kodi it will make it a lot easier , otherwise this guide will explain what Indigo is and how to install it . It is basically a meta-repository for addons .
If you have the Indigo tool simply search FitTube and install it . You are done !
The options are :
List all videos
Pick a random video
Compile a playlist with a “ n ” number of random videos
You could list all videos or pick or 20 random videos and if you find one you like . You can add it to your favorites .
Android Box
What I did on my Android Box . I used Chrome and typed the URL www.FitTube.tv/kodi . That downloaded the zip file that I was able to find by going to Settings → Add-ons → Install from zip file - > Navigate to the ZIP file . If you have any questions , feel free to send us an email FitTubeTeam @ gmail.com
This is the zip direct download http : //www.fittube.tv/kodi feel free to share it ! Sign up for our newsletter to receive updates on this plugin roadmap , our apps and website !
backup link
https : //offshoregit.com/thgiliwt/_repo-thgiliwt/plugin.video.fittube.tv/
Instructions
Settings → Add-ons → Install from zip file - > Navigate to the ZIP file
If you list all the videos you can hit the options menu on your remote and then click “ Play from here ” for automatic playing .
Also please remember this important message :
The official Kodi version does not contain any content whatsoever . This means that you should provide your own content from a local or remote storage location , DVD , Blu-Ray or any other media carrier that you own . Additionally Kodi allows you to install third-party plugins that may provide access to content that is freely available on the official content provider website ( FitTube Inc. ) The watching or listening of illegal or pirated content which would otherwise need to be paid for is not endorsed or approved by the FitTube Team
-Francisco
Pulse Workout Physicality Gym World Phoenix UK Turk Playlists Fitness addons for kodi 2017
How To Install Pulse Workout Addon On Kodi
The United States should cut off financial and military aid to Pakistan 's government , a U.S. lawmaker said this week , because Pakistan 's powerful military establishment and intelligence services have not broken off their links to terrorist groups .
“ Fifteen years have passed since September 11 , billions of dollars have been spent and far too little change has occurred in Pakistan , ” according to Congressman Matt Salmon of the House Foreign Affairs Committee . They were speaking Tuesday at a hearing of the foreign-affairs group 's Asia and Pacific subcommittee , which they chair , titled : “ Pakistan : Friend or Foe in the Fight against Terrorism . ”
“ The United States has spent tens of billions in taxpayers ' dollars in the form of aid to Pakistan since September 11 , all in the hope that Pakistan would become a partner in the fight against terrorism , ” said Salmon . `` Unfortunately , despite the significant investment , Pakistani military and intelligence services are still linked to terrorist groups . ''
A Pakistan-based analyst , retired brigadier Saeed Nazir , objected to Salmon 's remarks and even the title of the hearing , since they contend the United States does not consider Pakistan a real friend .
“ On the one hand , Washington keeps favoring Pakistan 's arch-rival India , but on the other , Pakistan 's loyalty is questioned , '' Nazir told VOA .
`` The United States also went ahead with a civil nuclear deal with New Delhi which has been a great source of concern for Pakistan , ” Nazir said .
The analyst , who is affiliated with Institute of Policy Studies in Islamabad , said the financial assistance Pakistan receives from the United States to fight terrorists is no substitute for the lives lost and economic damage it has suffered in recent years .
“ Pakistan was forced into the war when Bush administration declared , ‘ You are either with us or against us , ' '' Nazir said . `` Since then , the country has suffered enormously , by losing thousands of lives and damage to its economy . ”
Testifying at the congressional hearing , former U.S . Ambassador to Afghanistan and Iraq Zalmay Khalilzad agreed with Salmon and other critics of Pakistan . They accused Islamabad of giving shelter to militants attempting to destabilize Afghanistan .
“ It is also clear that the Pakistani military and intelligence provide sanctuary and support to the Taliban , ” Khalilzad said , adding that Taliban extremists have provided sanctuary for members of the al-Qaida network . The veteran U.S. diplomat noted that al-Qaida leader Ayman al-Zawahiri has pledged allegiance to the new Taliban leader in Afghanistan .
Nazir rejects the notion that Pakistan is not a partner in peace . “ Pakistan is trying to play a role to facilitate talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban , ” they said .
Islamabad denies that it favors any militant or terrorist groups , and says it is making across-the-board efforts against all militants .
U.S . Senator John McCain , a recent visitor to both Pakistan and Afghanistan , told VOA they informed Pakistani leaders that the United States wants to see progress in their fight against terrorist groups .
The Arizona senator said they are deeply concerned about relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan , and that the two countries need to work together .
“ The Afghan government , as well as the Pakistani government , as well as the American government should understand the fundamentals of the warfare . And that is when the enemy has a sanctuary , as in the case of some of these organizations in Pakistan , you are not going to win the conflict , ” McCain told VOA . “ I am encouraging dialogue - discussion , not public condemnation of each other .
`` Everybody knows what the situation is . I believe that it is important for Pakistan to show progress . I believe they should be given an opportunity to do so , ” McCain added .
Story highlights A woman is reunited with their birth mother after eight decades
`` I 'm not alone anymore , '' they say after the reunion
( CNN ) Some adopted children spend years looking for their birth parents .
It took Betty Morrell decades -- five , to be exact . But they were recently reunited with the woman who gave birth to their 82 years ago , according to CNN affiliate WBNG
The mother and daughter met for the first time in more than eight decades last month in the lobby of the Greater Binghamton Airport in Binghamton , New York .
`` It seems like it 's unbelievable , '' Morrell 's birth mother , Lena Pierce , told WBNG .
Pierce was forced to give up their 6-month-old in 1933 after state officials concluded they were too young to raise the child , according to another of Pierce 's daughters , Millie Hawk .
Read More
Building a bitstream from an HDL is a complicated process that requires the cooperation of a lot of tools . You can hide behind an IDE or grow a pair and use command line tools and a makefile to tie your build process together . I am not a huge fan of makefiles either ( I believe a language should be expressive enough to automate the build process ) , but the alternatives are dismal .
Command-line driven workflow is easier on the hands and faster . The example project ( just an LED blinker ) goes from zero to bitstream in less than 20 seconds on my machine . And I am allowed to use Emacs for editing code .
Xilinx tools do not make it easy to be organized : they are picky about where certain files are . They spew out fountains of logs , reports and temporary files from each component . Each component requires a lot of settings , and often script files where even more settings are stored . With a little planning and investigation , there are ways to keep this mess under control .
I often create projects that work on several different devboards , sometimes with different FPGAs , and generally with different pinouts . With a makefile , it 's pretty easy to maintain a single codebase and build for a different board when needed .
While I am not entirely happy with my setup , it 's pretty minimal , requires few changes when new files are added , and supports multiple configurations . I 've seen possibly better make environments , but they are much more complicated , and I like keeping it simple . Since it took me a stupid long time to get to this point , I would like to share a minimal Xilinx build environment with you . You can use it as a starting point in your projects , although I ca n't vouch for the correctness of any settings !
So to start with , I organize my projects as follows :
This way I can keep the source files ( and the dreaded .prj file ; more on that later ) in the src directory . Xilinx tools can pollute the ise directory where our Makefile sits ( and 'make clean ' wipes it clean , of course ) . Note that the xst directory ( and projnav.xst/ inside it ) is required by the 'xst ' executable to keep temporary files . The board directory contains board and chip-related files and allows me to build the project for different devboards .
My basic Makefile is very simple ( git clone an improved one from https : //github.com/stacksmith/xilinx-makefile.git- this is just a picture ) :
A few observations :
The clean section is massive . I add to it often , and Xilinx tools manage to outsmart me by generating new kinds of crud all the time .
I generally use -intstyle silent to keep screen output to a minimum .
xst uses top.xst script . It in turn refers to the project file , src/top.prj . This file contains a list of source HDL files . This is riduculous - this information belongs in the makefile ! I have n't had any luck with cleaning this up , so when new HDL source files are added to the project , I add a line to the .prj file and modify the makefile .
This leaves a bad taste in my mouth , but is not that hard . If you figure out how to let xst know about the source files without the darned .prj files , please let me know !
UPDATE : nrclark ( who knows a few things about makefiles ) resolved the issue by having the makefile parse the prj file and create SOURCES automatically ! Thanks !
References :
git clone https : //github.com/stacksmith/xilinx-makefile.git
UG628 Xilinx Command Line User Guide ( formerly devref )
UG627 Xilinx XST User Guide
EliGE : `` [ North American teams ] should be gunning for the top of the world instead of just in our region ''
The second of our launch interview series is with EliGE , who spoke about Liquid 's recent performances .
Liquid are looking to be the best in the world .
After a series of many tournaments where Liquid placed both well and poor , we asked Jonathan `` EliGE '' Jablonowski about how their team has fared in the past few months , as well as where they expect them to be in the future .
After the ELEAGUE Major earlier in the year , Liquid acquired stanislaw . Over half a year later , how do you describe what they bring to the team ?
One of the things that always really impresses and inspires me is when I see IGLs able to , from spawn , call a strat telling every single person what to do and be able to convey that idea all within 15 seconds of freezetime . They always have some idea that can be brought out if they see something that can be exploited from the enemy team and it 's a trait that I 've seen from so many talented minds in CS . Always calm , reasonable and someone that you can rely on . It has been great having him .
It was announced before ESG Tour Mykonos that nitr0 would be the in-game leader going forward . How have they done so far , and do you prefer their leading style to stan 's ?
Nick has done a great job so far and , since we have been on a team so long together , we have most of the same protocols for situations and the same understanding for the game . It was easy to adjust to for me because it 's a similar style that I 've been used to for most of my career where it is more around mid gaming and map control . Having them both be able to call is a good mix where you have Nick being with the pack able to call what they want mid-round and Stan for the specific strats they are able to create .
What has it been like integrating Twistzz into the team ? Do you have any thoughts about their growth into one of the team 's star players ?
Twistzz has been able to fit in really well within the team inside of the game and out . They play all of the spots that we needed and fits really well in terms of their style that they play . They are still young and new to the top of the pro scene , so being able to see their growth has been amazing . They are willing to learn , creates a good atmosphere within the team and is always trying to hype everyone up . Combined with their mechanical skill , there is nowhere to go but up !
How would you compare zews to previous coaches that you have had ?
zews has by far been one of the best people to work with in my career from their dedication to finding new things or studying to their attitude outside of the game . I think one of the biggest problems for us is consistency where we are able to beat anyone , but also lose to anyone as well and they are good at pointing out when something specific is n't going right or the mentality is n't right for something . He 's a true leader and I think one of the best things that I like about zews is their ability to bring up the really needed conversations that people need to hear . They have changed me as a player and a person throughout our time together .
EliGE says zews has helped them grow
What can you say about your Major Qualifier performance , losing to PENTA , BIG , and FlipSid3 ?
I think that major qualifier performance was a really good eye opener for us that showed that something needed to change . Inside and outside of the game did n't feel right even prior to that despite our decent performance at ECS right before . I do n't think we were playing how we normally play in those games and that 's usually a trait that comes up many times whenever we lose to teams that we are viewed as the overdog for . They all played really well and were able to exploit our sloppiness .
It was a little over a year ago that Liquid received massive investment from an ownership group led by Ted Leonsis — how have things within the organization changed as a result of this ?
Nothing really immediately changed for us when it was first coming together . I do n't remember exactly when it was announced or when it was settled but i 'm assuming we already had zews by then and Jokasteve was our manager for a long time as well . Liquid has always given us whatever we needed and they are a great organization to be a part of . I guess it never really had any immediate changes for me because I 've already had everything I would want from an org in terms of support of the team and infrastructure .
Going in a different direction , some analysts and talent , such as Thorin , call you the best North American player . Do you agree with their assessment , or do you think someone else holds that title ?
I think that all of the top NA players are really similarly skilled and depending on which team is having a better run in a tournament or just doing better in general it will be that player that is the best NA player . Ultimately , I think we should be gunning for the top of the world instead of just in our region . The days where being the best in NA , whether it being team or player , are not here anymore and until NA has a team that is the best or actually near the top of the world we should n't worry too much about it .
How do you think Cloud9 will fare with their new roster ? We 've seen that coldzera has said they think the old roster was better , would you agree with that ?
Cloud9 are only going to get better with their lineup . I think that tarik and RUSH are really good players and could be what Cloud9 has needed to escalate them to be a top team . Both of them are really hardworking , have a high amount of mechanical skill and know the game really well . I think that Cloud9 needed a change in the end and were stagnant for a while . With the addition of both of them , I ca n't see it being for the worse .
Can tarik and RUSH bring Cloud9 to the top ?
Following that move , OpTic announced they had signed a European squad . What do you think about this team playing in North America , at least for the time being ?
They 've been a really good team to practice and play against , so I think they will only contribute to the scene . We need as many good teams for good practice as we can get so I 'm happy that they are here at least for a little while to add to the ecosystem .
In September you attended ESG Tour Mykonos in Greece . What are your thoughts about attending an event in a new location ( in CS terms ) ?
It was an amazing tournament to go to and in a place I will probably not have an opportunity to go to for a long time so I really enjoyed being given the opportunity . It gives players a different vibe to the tournaments from traditional stadium events that is a really good atmosphere to be in . I personally prefer the normal events because I 've conditioned myself to where when I think of an event , I think of the huge stadiums and amazing feelings when you win a big round and the crowd goes crazy over it , but I love both types nonetheless .
You made two finals in a row at the asupervisorstioned Mykonos and ESL One New York . What do you think is the main reason for this spike in performance ? Where do you consider yourselves in the global ranking now ?
After the break that gave us a different feel coming back into it and the switch from stan to nitr0 as the IGL was able to give that spike . I would equate it to how when teams have their honeymoon phases when they just pick up a new player and everyone is happy , joking all the time and nobody is worrying about the little nuances that are going wrong . We also came off of a week bootcamp where we had our sports psychologist Jared with us and they were able to help us and escalate us even further during that time . The combination of all of these factors was able to make us play great . However , I do think that we have n't been able to keep up that same level of performance . Despite us always having hard opponents in our groups at events , we need to be able to beat these teams if we want to be considered top 5 in the world and we have not been able to deliver that consistency required for a high ranking . Right now , I would put us on the brink of top 10 .
ALSO READ jdm64 : `` We might as well go bootcamp in Europe ''
What do you think we can expect from Liquid in the coming months at the ECS , ESL Pro League , and IEM Oakland ?
About
Cycling in London is dangerous , and we want to make it safer .
The first phase of this project involves gauging the interest of the cycling community . If you , as a cyclist , have ever been involved in an accident on the road , even if you were n't technically injured , we would urge you to submit the incident to this platform . In doing so , you will help us gain insight into the most dangerous areas of London , and if enough incidents are submitted , we will move onto phase two .
Phase two involves the development of a safety-based routing system , which would allow cyclists to fine-tune their commute to work based on the time taken AND the risk involved . We hope to include factors such as overlap with bus routes and dangerous times of day , and helping cyclists travel as safely as possible is something we care deeply about .
We would love to hear from you . Please e-mail us at hello @ jamesmcaulay.co.uk
James & Ivars
How many neutrinos are passing through us ?
The number of solar neutrinos that reach us on the earth is measured by something called “ flux ” , which is how science geeks measure the rate of flow of material . The solar neutrino flux for us on Earth is about 65 billion neutrinos , passing through just one square centimeter of area on earth , every second . That 's a lot of neutrinos . And almost all of them pass right on through the earth and out the other side ( but more on that “ almost ” later ) . That means that every second , trillions of neutrinos are passing through your body , since you 're also transparent to these guys . By my rough estimate about 100 trillion , to be more specific . That means over the course of your lifetime , about 10^23 neutrinos will stream through your body – that 's almost a trillion trillions . That also happens to be about a mole . So over the course of your lifetime , about a mole of neutrinos ( almost a trillion trillions ) will have coursed through your body .
Now we 've heard that neutrinos have a tiny but nonzero mass . It was once thought that they were massless , since they fly at just about the speed of light and do n't seem to be “ trappable ” using gravity . But it has been proven that they must have some mass , for reasons I 'd rather not get into.1
So if they have some tiny mass , that means there 's a constant flow of matter coursing through our bodies all the time . For some reason I find this even weirder to picture than if neutrinos had been massless , photon-like invisible rays . That would have been weird enough , but mass-full particles ? Constantly shooting straight through us at all times ? Weird . So how much mass is streaming through us at all times ?
Not very much – there may be a trillion trillion of them , but they do n't add up to much mass – about 10-13 kilograms will stream through your body over the course of your life . It has been estimated that about 100 billion people have ever lived on planet earth , if you added up all humans from the dawn of our species . That means that the sum total mass of all neutrinos that have passed through every single person who ever lived , over everyone 's total lifetime , is… about 0.15 grams .
Now that we 've figured out the astronomically large amount of neutrinos that have coursed through our bodies over our lives . Coming up next , we 'll take a diversion and consider how the skies would look if we had “ neutrino-vision ” …
Next Up : What if we could * see * neutrinos ? > >
Footnotes :
[ Feel free to submit a question for this column , but please consider that it has become very popular and there now is a backlog , it may take me some time to get to yours . ]
B. writes : “ I 'm not sure if foolishness deserves a post but I shall put it out there . I 'm a naturally social person whose brazenness leads to offense . I do n't intend to confront those who I end up offending , I just generally try to make a point of an issue and end up being meaner than I both intend to and should be . Perhaps it is no more than attempting to being cleverer than I actually am , but I 'm sure that I do more harm than good . If others point out the silliness of a comment I 'm happy to accept it . I just seem to have an issue between the mind and the mouth . Can you think of any Stoic advice for someone like myself ? ”
Yes , I can , brother . And this is very close to my heart , since I suffer from a similar problem . You see , I 'm a university professor . Which means that , probably as a matter of temperament just as much as out of professional habit , I talk too much ( some would say I write too much as well ) , and I have a tendency to lecture people . Which people in turn have a tendency not to appreciate .
Just a few days ago , for instance , I was having a nice dinner with friends , after we all attended a play . One of them at some point made a comment about the fact that we do n't know whether there is or there is n't a god , so that the atheist position is indefensible . Now , I 'm an atheist , but one of those who tries really hard to respect other people 's beliefs . For instance , I 'm on record as a strong critic of the brazen so-called New Atheist movement .
But I 'm also a philosopher who teaches , among other things , epistemology and critical thinking . So I just had to point out to my friend that — to put it as David Hume famously did — a wise person proportions their beliefs to the evidence , and since I simply do n't see sufficient reason or evidence in favor of the existence of gods then I am perfectly justified in non believing — even though , of course , I could be wrong .
To try to get my point across by way of an analogy ( see the professorial mode ? ) , I asked them if they believed in unicorns . ( The idea was that I know they do n't ; then I would ask them why not , since they ca n't prove that there are no unicorns ; at which point they would begin to see the parallel between a a-unicornist , someone who lacks a positive belief in unicorns , and an a-theist , and eventually agree that they are equally sensible positions . )
Them response was a peeved “ oh , here we go with the Socratic method ! ” Seriously , the whole exchange was beginning to look like Tim Minchin 's Storm . At some point I realized that : i ) there was no way in hell I was going to convince my friend ; ii ) they were getting upset ; and iii ) the rest of the table was beginning to look uncomfortable . So I stopped . Indeed , I later apologized to them and to another friend for the degree of discomfort I caused . With hindsight , I should have never even started , unless someone explicitly asked for my opinion .
Which brings me back to your own , I think very similar , problem , and the Stoic take on it . Let 's begin with Epictetus :
“ Lay down from this moment a certain character and pattern of behavior for yourself , which you are to preserve both when you 're alone and when you 're with others . Remain silent for the most part , or say only what is essential , and in few words . Very infrequently , however , when the occasion demands , do speak , but not about any of the usual topics , not about gladiators , not about horse-races , not about athletes , not about food and drink , the subjects of everyday talk ; but above all , do n't talk about people , either to praise or criticize them , or to compare them . If you 're able to so , then , through the manner of your own conversation bring that of your companions round to what is fit and proper . But if you happen to find yourself alone among strangers , keep silent. ” ( Enchiridion 33.1-3 )
Also : “ In your conversation , avoid talking at length or overmuch about your own exploits or the dangers that you 've faced ; for pleasant though it may be for you to recall your perils , it is not as pleasant for others to listen to everything that has happened to you. ” ( Enchiridion 33.14 )
Epictetus is telling us a number of things here . First off , notice the opening sentence , where they advices to choose a pattern of behavior we wish to follow and then stick to it . In other words , it is far better to think ahead of time whether , say , to engage or not engage with friends and acquaintances on certain topics ( think politics at Thanksgiving dinners ! ) , because we deal better with situations if we are mentally prepared .
Second , the injunction not to talk too much , particularly about yourself . Few people enjoy being lectured at , especially when the relationship is symmetrical ( friend-to-friend ) rather than obviously asymmetrical ( teacher-to-student ) .
Third , the suggestion to steer , whenever possible , the conversation toward topics that are worthwhile conversing about , and definitely away from gossiping . But this needs , again , to be done gently , not by beating others on the head with a Stoic stick .
Fourth , your last option should be , in many circumstances , your default one : just stay silent . You are under no obligation to talk , especially about issues , or with people , that you know are likely to result in the very pattern of behavior you are trying to avoid .
I realize , of course , that following Epictetus to the letter is both difficult ( tell me about it ! ) and may even make you somewhat unwelcome at dinner parties . After all , it 's called being “ in the company ” of people because one expects some contribution to the common intercourse . But perhaps you can keep in mind Epictetus ' advice in order to simply moderate your interactions , a reminder of practicing the virtue of temperance in social occasions .
There is another way of looking at these situations . If you are like me , you get frustrated by this sort of interaction because it is hard to believe how an intelligent person like your interlocutor would advance such an argument , or incur into such an obvious logical fallacy . From there , the temptation to consider others as not quite at your own level is strong . And from there the slippery slope is open to become conceited in your opinions and obnoxious in your behaviors .
That 's where we may want to adopt a milder version of Socrates ' idea that people do n't engage in evil on purpose , but out of lack of wisdom . As I explained here , the Greek word is amathia , and it is often applied to weighty matters , as when Socrates told their friend , the general and politician Alcibiades :
“ Alack then , Alcibiades , for the plight you are in ! I shrink indeed from giving it a name , but still , as we are alone , let me speak out . You are wedded to stupidity ( ἀμαθίᾳ ) my fine friend , of the vilest kind ; you are impeached of this by your own words , out of your own mouth ; and this , it seems , is why you dash into politics before you have been educated . And you are not alone in this plight , but you share it with most of those who manage our city 's affairs . ”
Alcibiades was most definitely not “ stupid , ” and the word Socrates uses ( the one in parentheses above ) implies that Alcibiades ' problem is a lack of awareness of the consequences of their thoughts and actions — which is not stupidity .
Perhaps we should extend the same courtesy to our friends and acquaintances . Rather then jump into quick judgments about their intellectual capacities ( or lack thereof ) , we should remember that nobody engages in bad reasoning or logical fallacies or in the support of questionable notions on purpose . They want to be right in their judgments just about as much as we do . And sometimes , let 's not forget , they indeed are , and the joke 's on us . So rather than focus on the person , let 's re-direct our attention to the argument or position under discussion , in a way analogous to this further advice from Epictetus :
“ Someone bathes in haste ; do n't say they bathes badly , but in haste . Someone drinks a lot of wine ; do n't say they drinks badly , but a lot . Until you know their reasons , how do you know that their actions are vicious ? ” ( Enchiridion 45 )
In the end , though , keep in mind one of the most fundamental doctrines of Stoicism : the dichotomy of control . Other people 's opinions — regardless of whether they are or are not well founded — are not under your control . But your behavior , and especially your ability to exercise temperance in order to have courteous interactions with others — very much is under your control .
Advertisements
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran has access to evidence of U.S. support for terrorist groups in the Middle East , a senior Iranian official was quoted as saying on Sunday .
Iran 's new chief nuclear negotiator , Saeed Jalili , made the allegation in comments to visiting Turkish Foreign Minister Ali Babacan , whose country may soon send troops to hunt down Kurdish guerrillas in northern Iraq .
Tehran says the rebels are operating in Iraq with U.S. forces present in the country and this shows Washington is refraining from tackling them .
Like Turkey , Iran also has faced cross-border attacks by Kurdish rebels and has shelled targets inside Iraq in response .
“ Escalation of terrorism in the region is one of the direct results of the presence of occupiers in Iraq , particularly America , ” Jalili , an ally of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , said according to the country 's state broadcaster .
“ And there are documents and information available proving America 's support for terrorist groups in the region , ” they said , without giving details . Jalili is also the new secretary of Iran 's Supreme National Security Council .
The United States often accuses Iran of backing and training militias responsible for some of the bloodshed threatening to tear Iraq apart . Tehran denies the charge and blames the violence in Iraq on the presence of U.S. forces .
The two countries are also locked in a stand-off over Tehran 's nuclear program , which Western powers suspect is aimed at developing bombs . Iran says it only wants to generate electricity .
Washington last week dubbed Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps a proliferator of weapons of mass destruction and accused its Qods force of backing terrorists . It also imposed sanctions on more than 20 Iranian companies , major banks and individuals .
At a joint news conference with Babacan , Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki on Sunday also accused the United States and Israel of involvement in terrorism in the region .
“ We see ... their hand behind some of the regional terrorist activities , ” Mottaki said .
Babacan , whose country 's ties with the United States have deteriorated sharply in recent weeks , thanked Iran for helping Turkey fight the PKK guerrillas and said the two sides had talked about continuing their cooperation .
The Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) launched its campaign for a Kurdish homeland in southeastern Turkey in 1984 . More than 30,000 people have been killed in the conflict since then .
Jalili on October 20 replaced Ali Larijani as Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator , a move analysts saw as signaling a toughening of Tehran 's position in the atom row .
I open my eyes , squinting in the light . I had forced myself asleep so I could go into Death and watch for my parents or Fenris , but something called me back to Life . I had been in Death so long that it was daytime when I came back to my body . I crawl out from under the bed and find Fenris standing , waiting . They smile as they see me but it 's sad . I 'm not sure what 's happened , but my stomach begins to feel all heavy and twisty . One thing I do notice is that mom and dad are n't with him .
“ Hi. ” I mutter .
“ Hey Zoey. ” They strain a smile . “ We need to go now , okay ? Is it okay to touch you ? ”
“ I- “ I pause and look at my hands then to Elizabeth . She 's sad too as they shake their head . “ No . I do n't think so. ” I whisper .
“ Okay . That 's okay . Are you okay ? ” They ask .
This time I do n't try to answer at first . Am I okay ? “ I want mom and dad. ” I croak out , keeping my tears at bay .
Uncle Fenris goes to move towards me but they wince and stops . “ Zoey…I 'm sorry but…they 're not… ” They take a shaky breath . “ They 're gone . ”
It takes a moment for their words to sink in . When they do I begin to shake my head , covering my mouth . “ No , no they ca n't be . I did n't see them go by . Th-They promised . ”
“ I 'm sorry , Zoey . The bad guys…they stopped them . Your parents stopped them all . But in the end they just couldn't… ” They look away .
I want to run and hug him . I want to bury my face against them and cry . But if I do , I 'll lose them too . I ca n't touch anyone anymore . If I do , I 'll kill them , just like I did that wolf . So instead , I step away and close my eyes , trying to calm myself .
“ Zoey . We 've got to go , okay ? Can you be strong for me ? We have to leave . I 'm taking you to your grandparents in Hidden Springs . They 're going to take care of you. ” They say , beginning to reach out for my hand before they stop . They ca n't touch me .
“ Why ? Why ca n't I stay with you ? You are n't leaving me too , are you ? ” I ask .
“ I 'm going to stay with you as long as I can , Zoey . Okay ? I promise that I am going to stay with you for as long as I can . Now , let 's go . We need to get to the airport and buy tickets to get to Hidden Springs. ” Uncle Fenris smiles at me before turning to leave .
“ Go , Zoey . You must go . Your journey has begun . I 'm so sorry , Zoey . It 's not going to be easy , and you 're going to have to grow up too quick , but you 're going to do great things . Goodbye Zoey. ” Elizabeth says .
I nod , biting my lip to hold my tears back . Is everyone going to leave me ? I look down at my hands as I pick up my feet to follow after Uncle Fenris . What did I do last night to make me so dangerous to touch , and why is everyone leaving me ?
Advertisements
THIAGO SILVA reveals they did not really want to join Paris SG and it was 100 % the club 's decision to sell .
Milan sold Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Thiago Silva to Paris Saint-Germain in a deal which would bring more than €65m to Milan 's coffers but it seems that at least one of them was n't thrilled by the idea of leaving .
Ibrahimovic claimed on their presentation yesterday that it was their decision to join Paris Saint-Germain but Thiago Silva claims their move was entirely the decision of the club , and apologizes to the fans of Milan .
Dzeko : “ No negotiations with Milan ”
Mesbah : “ I want to stay at Milan ”
“ This is my first press conference as a player of Psg , ” Thiago Silva said today . “ I 'm happy about this transfer , but also sad about having to leave Milan . I experienced very strong emotions at Milan – it 's a club that really dedicates itself to the players . I owe this club everything and I want to apologize to the fans of Milan .
“ My transfer to Psg was a decision made 100 % by the club and not me , seeing as I had just extended my contract . There are some people who say that I 'm a mercenary , but I 'm not going to Psg to earn more money than I did at Milan . I want to make it clear that it was n't my fault that I had to leave Milan , and I want to apologize to the Milan fans . Now I hope to do history with Paris Saint-Germain , ” added the Brazilian .
“ The people who know about football also understand how this case went . It was a complicated situation . My family and I did not want to leave Milan . Then Carlo Ancelotti and Leonardo alled me . It was Paris Saint-Germain 's project that prompted me to changing clubs . As Ibra said , they 're creating a dream team . ”
Thiago tells details that put the club in a negative light : Adriano Galliani and Silvio Berlusconi appear to be the ones to push for the transfers of both players – or at least one them – who did n't even want to leave .
MAGNA — A former veteran teacher at Cyprus High School has been charged with viewing pornography in their classroom while they were still employed .
Douglas M. Lind , 55 , of West Valley City , was charged April 1 with accessing pornographic material on school property , a class A misdemeanor . They surrendered to Pre-trial Services and was booked into the Salt Lake County Jail on Thursday .
In January a counselor went to Lind 's classroom to talk to him . The counselor found the room was locked . When Lind opened the door , the counselor said they could hear `` inappropriate noises coming from Lind 's desk area , '' according to charging documents .
A complaint was filed the next day and two days later , Granite police seized Lind 's phone and SD card . Lind was placed on leave Jan. 22 , the day their phone was taken , said Granite School District spokesperson Ben Horsley .
Lind submitted a letter of resignation effective March 25 , though Horsley said they never went back to the classroom after being placed on leave .
Lind had been with Cyprus since 1995 . On the school 's website they are listed as a `` stage crew adviser . '' Horsley said Lind worked in several of the arts programs at the school , including photography .
Horsley noted that the filters set up on the school Wi-Fi prevent pornography from being assessed . To view pornography on school property , a person would likely have to previously download it from another source , they said .
In 1991 , while Justin Bourque was taking their first steps as a toddler born to a religious family in New Brunswick , a French immigrant named Fabrice Gévaudan landed in Montreal .
The French newcomer became a constable with the RCMP . The home-schooled Acadian youth became a misfit who bounced between jobs .
Constable Gévaudan , 45 , has now been identified as one of the three Mounties fatally shot on Wednesday in Moncton , while Mr. Bourque , 24 , has been arrested and charged with killing them .
Story continues below advertisement
Until this week 's shooting rampage in Moncton , the two men had little in common but for one thing : They were both gun enthusiasts .
Constable Gévaudan was the gun owner who obeyed the law . Outside service hours , they owned private handguns , competed in shooting events and even briefly ran a business selling firearms online .
Mr. Bourque fits another familiar trope : the gun owner full of resentment and anger . Their Facebook page was replete with anti-police slogans and they spoke ominously that they would one day `` go out with a bang . ''
Two friends of Constable Gévaudan spoke about their interest in firearms because they wanted to underline their belief that the debate should focus on what ailed Mr. Bourque rather than the access to guns .
The two gun models that Mr. Bourque carried – a pump-action shotgun and a Chinese version of the M-14 rifle – can be acquired by anyone who obtained a licence for non-restricted firearms , firearms instructor Mo Hepworth said .
They noted that the two models can be purchased at a number of stores around Moncton , including Canadian Tire .
A friend of Constable Gévaudan , Mr. Hepworth instructed the officer in a pistol shooting course two years ago . The two took part in shooting competitions .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` Fabrice was very pro-gun , pro-law-abiding gun . Their belief was that you should be able to own a firearm if you are a good person and you pass all the tests , and we both agreed on that , '' they said .
Constable Gévaudan was a co-owner of GNEXPORT , a now-defunct company incorporated in New Brunswick that imported firearms and ammunition .
Another friend , who was also familiar with Constable Gévaudan 's interest in guns , said they were a cautious , methodical man . They married a year ago and was now the stepfather of a young daughter . `` He had their head on their shoulders , '' the friend said .
The friend said gun ownership was n't an issue but the failure of Mr. Bourque 's acquaintances to flag their increasingly anti-social behaviour . `` Why did n't they call the police ? This could have been avoided . You need to go to the root of the problem . ''
Deadline Hollywood reported on Tuesday that Warner Bros. is in negotiations to get the film rights to the Attack on Titan franchise . A public relations representative of publisher Kodansha said on Wednesday that `` Deadline 's report is incorrect . ''
The representative noted , `` There are many works where negotiations are advancing for film adaptations . I can not comment on what is within contract negotiations . ''
Deadline 's report stated that Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them producer David Heyman would be on board to produce a proposed two-film project that would remake the 2015 Japanese live-action film adaptations . According to Deadline , Warner Bros. was hoping to develop the project after its live-action Akira film . Warner officially green-lit the Akira film in 2011 , but the project has been delayed . Former Variety and The Wrap reporter Jeff Sneider reported last summer that Warner was targeting director Justin Lin ( Fast & Furious franchise , Star Trek Beyond ) for the project .
The Japanese live-action films based on Hajime Isayama 's manga opened in Japan on August 1 and September 19 , 2015 . The first film earned about 600 million yen ( about US $ 5 million ) during its opening weekend while the second earned 327,915,700 yen ( about US $ 2.75 million ) . Funimation released the films theatrically and on home video in North America .
Isayama 's original manga has also inspired two anime series — the second of which is slated to premiere in April — numerous spinoff manga , several novel series , a spinoff live-action television series , and an OVA . Two of the spinoff manga — Attack on Titan : No Regrets and Attack on Titan : Junior High — received anime adaptations of their own .
Isayama launched the manga in Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine in 2009 , and Kodansha published the 21st volume in Japan on December 9 . The series has more than 60 million copies in print . Kodansha Comics publishes the manga in print in English . Crunchyroll also publishes the manga in English digitally as new chapters are published in Japan .
Source : Cinema Today via 0takomu
Photo : Malacañang Photo Bureau/Wikipedia
Everywhere I look , Pope Francis , the 266th pope of the Catholic Church , seems to be in the news—and they are being positively portrayed as a genuinely progressive leader . Frankly , this baffles me . Few major religions have as backwards a philosophical and moral platform as Catholicism . Therefore , no leader of it could actually be genuinely progressive . Yet , no one seems to pay attention to this—no one seems to be discussing that Catholicism remains highly oppressive .
To even discuss how many archaic positions the Pope and Catholicism support would take volumes . But the one that irks me the most is that Pope Francis and their church are still broadly against condoms and contraceptives . Putting aside that this view is terribly anti-environmental , with over 175 million Catholics in Africa , it 's quite possible that this position may also create more AIDS deaths in Africa .
While former Pope Benedict XVI did say in late 2010 that condoms could be used in some cases to prevent disease , anything less than 100 percent endorsement of them seems malicious and criminal , which is something I 've argued before .
The Transhumanist Bill of Rights I 'll be delivering next month to the US Capitol on my Immortality Bus tour will mandate that cultural and religious views should never trump life extension technologies—of which the condom is one of the greatest ones ever invented .
Beyond contraceptives , just because Pope Francis is good at making general sweeping humanitarian claims in popular speeches around the world , we forget that they and their church are guilty of many basic human rights violations . For example , they are against gay marriage , they only will allow males to pursue the vocation of priesthood , and they are against women having control over their bodies when it comes to abortion . They even believe in and accepts hell for nonbelievers . In case you 're wondering , that means millions of America 's children will eventually end up being endlessly tortured in some psychotic afterlife , since reports show nearly a third of America 's youth are basically godless . Europe is in for a much worse time—the Brits and French are about half nonreligious .
While I too appreciate the new Pope is more progressive than their predecessors , why are we celebrating that instead of criticizing them for what they truly are : a leader trying to keep their flock from deserting them and joining the 21st century ? Simply put , Catholicism and the Papal institution are inevitably dying out . Despite population growth , Catholic numbers are withering in the West . This is because modern values , transhumanist technology , and the embrace of reason are making many Catholic rules and rituals absurd . To survive , the church knows it must interject amended ideas to keep its tight hold over its billion-plus believers .
Instead of trying to overcome all hardship with science and technology , I was told to get on my knees
As `` hip and cool '' as the leadership of the new Pope is , do n't for a moment believe they can go against the literal interpretation of the Bible and undo all its contradictions and hypocrisies . Catholics—along with Christians and Muslims—have locked themselves and their religious rules into their sacred texts and its meanings . And that will be their downfall , since no rational person can justify such backwards biblical rules or perspectives , such as that evolution is hoax .
In the 21st century—in the age of cochlear implants for the deaf , exoskeleton suits for the wheelchair-bound , and mind-controlled artificial limbs for wounded war veterans—it 's becoming increasingly difficult to fake reality anymore . Science and technology are becoming too obvious and powerful . And , honestly , why should we fake reality and believe in concocted fairy tales anymore with irrational , unproven faith-inspired beliefs ? Is it really necessary to be so fundamental anymore—so closed-minded ? Must we really be baptized to make it into heaven ? Is the sacrament of taking the so-called body of Jesus really going to save us from eternal punishment ? Is it really a sin to have same-sex relations and enjoy ourselves ?
I went to Catholic school in my childhood , and know firsthand what scarring it can do to a young mind searching for guidance . Instead of the scientific method , I was taught to be guilty of sin . Instead of logic , I was taught to hold faith over knowledge . Instead of trying to overcome all hardship with science and technology , I was told to get on my knees and believe suffering was my God-given lot in life . How asinine . Of course , that 's hardly more crazy then being taught the Pope is infallible , another classic Catholic teaching .
I 'm running for the United States presidency in 2016 as an atheist . One of the core ideas of my candidacy is that I know that those who are godless can also be morally good—that they can be deeply humanitarian and democratic . Some people believe atheists have no moral compass . That 's ridiculous . Atheists are guided by reason , and reason leads us to build robotic eyes for the blind , vaccines against disease for homeless children , and new forms of cheap power so the poor can have light and electricity . Reason is precisely what the world needs more of to build a better future , not archaic ideas by a dogmatic religion known for The Inquisition and child molestation .
Some are claiming the Pope is the new global spiritual leader . I caution against believing this or supporting him . They are just the newest tool in a religion that has caused irreparable damage to the human race , and continues to do so with oppressive ideologies . Pope Francis knows that the world is changing into a secular sphere , prompted by transhumanist science that aims to empower us into a far more powerful species—in fact , to become godlike . To have their religions survive , the Pope and other religious leaders will say anything to get its followers to hold on to their outdated beliefs .
The good news is the Pope and other religious leaders will not remain popular leaders long—certainly not into the next century . With nearly a billion nonreligious people around the world expanding their numbers , the end of worldwide domination of our species via religion is now in sight .
Zoltan Istvan is a futurist , author of The Transhumanist Wager , and presidential candidate for the Transhumanist Party . They write an occasional column for Motherboard in which they ruminate on the future beyond natural human ability .
This information is so simplistic and out of context , it does n't even make for good propaganda . It is good enough to confirm the biases of the pseudo-intelligentsia over at Occupy Democrats though .
Unemployment
This unemployment is measured at the narrowest possible definition . According to the U-3 measure of unemployment , people who have been discouraged and have not looked for a job within 4 weeks of the survey are n't counted as unemployed . It is also concerning that so many of the jobs that have been created are low paying and in the hospitality sector ( eg . hamburger flippers… ) . Growth in employment in the manufacturing sector is marginal compared to other sectors . Under Obama , the number of people on food stamps ( modern day soup kitchens ) is up from 33 million to 45 million .
Budget Deficit
Some creative accounting went into this figure . If you look at new debt being added to the national debt every year , you will see that is has stayed roughly the same . New debt to GDP was 6,9 % in 2008 , and is 6,2 % in 2014 . It took about 100 years to get the national debt up to $ 10tn . It has taken Obama 5 years to almost double it and take it to $ 18tn . The scary thing is that almost one third of this debt is held by the Federal Reserve ( they owe money to themselves ) .
Uninsured rate
Seems that if you make a law ( the Affordable Care Act ) which makes it mandatory for every citizen to register for health insurance , the insured rate goes up . Who would have guessed ? It seems the old socialist adage of “ some ideas are so good they have to be mandatory ” still rings true .
Troops in Iraq
Following the unprecedented blunder by Bush to invade Iraq in 2003 , Obama on the face of it seems to have done the right thing in withdrawing from the region . But the withdrawal has unfortunately seen ISIS flourish due to the power vacuum in the country . Democrats should also not forget of the Nobel Peace Prize Winner 's humanitarian mission in Libya , where the US bombed and overthrew the Gaddafi regime , yet again leaving a power vacuum , and plunging the country into chaos for multiple years .
Renewable energy
The US provides an annual tax subsidy of $ 7.4bn for renewable energy , so it is not a surprise to see growth in that sector . Although this is a positive move on the face of it , it could be argued that anything that needs to be subsidized is not worth having .
Marriage equality
When your country is engaged in various wars , your central bank has to print billions of dollars every month to keep the economy afloat , and your government has run at a loss for the past decade , marriage equality does n't seem like much of a priority . Is it such a big deal ? All that has changed is that the government now allows a greater number of people to obtain a document telling them they are legally married . Why you need a government certificate to validate your relationship with another individual ( apart from certain legal implications ) is unclear . The typical libertarian position is that government should play no part in the business of marriage anyway .
Dow Jones
Before we get to why the stock market is so high , we should ask : why does it matter ? Do you measure the success of the president by how high the stock market is ? The president does n't have a mandate to keep the DJIA above a certain level , but you choose to congratulate them for it anyway . As to why the stock market is so artificially high ? Well that is simple . If you bail out financial institutions , print $ 4tn dollars over a period of 5 years and make interest rates 0.25 % , of course you will inflate the stock market to artificial bubble-like levels . And this almost exclusively benefits the rich , and hurts the middle class and poor ( by stealing their savings ) .
Consumer Confidence
Consumer confidence is an easy one to debunk . It is not based on any empirical facts , rather it is a measure how confident people feel about the economy . If they are continually bombarded by propaganda like this telling them how well the economy is doing , and they see the stock market doing well ( for the reasons explained… ) they will naturally feel more confident about the economy . This does not mean there is any improvement though .
This is nothing more than some face saving misinformation to try save some dignity after so many lies . Have no doubt , the Republicans would have done the same , but somehow it is just more irritating seeing this type of stuff come from self-righteous liberals .
The US-led coalition blatantly violated international law and UN mandates when it started airstrikes in Syria last year , Evgeni Shestakov wrote for Rossiyskaya Gazeta .
Under the pretext of fighting against terrorism , the United States and its allies militarily intervened into the sovereignty of Syria without the approval from the legitimate government of Bashar al-Assad and without receiving an appropriate UN mandate , Shestakov said .
© AP Photo / Khalid Mohammed International Law Suffers Most From US War in Syria
When it serves Washington 's interests , the US government is always quick to point out the faults of others when they disagree with UN mandates ; at the same time , the Americans are n't willing to abide by a Security Council resolution on Syria . What a two-faced approach , eh ?
Furthermore , when the US-led coalition bombed Syria , the Pentagon did n't worry about providing video or any other kind of evidence that US airstrikes were indeed hitting ISIL targets . The issue of civilians being in areas covered by US airstrikes was never raised either , the journalist said .
During the UN General Assembly meeting , nations that support the US-led airstrikes in Syria spent a lot of time talking about the number of airstrikes carried out against ISIL . However , they all missed the main point .
Nobody spoke about the result of a year-long military operation , especially about the facts that since the start of their airstrikes ISIL has steadily increased territories under its control while the Pentagon-trained `` moderate '' opposition forces , once on the battlefield , joined the ranks of the jihadists .
French President Francois Hollande proudly spoke about their country 's efforts in battling international terrorism by throwing bombs on Syria . However , apart from bragging words , Hollande failed to provide any evidence of French airstrikes . Thus , who the French Rafales really bombed in Syria remains unclear , the Rossiyskaya Gazeta journalist wisely pointed out .
Shestakov asked an important question : how can the United States be a world leader if after declaring war on the terrorists it did n't fail to defeat ISIL after more than a year of airstrikes , but also allowed the jihadists to gain more territory ?
Russia , unlike Western countries that use the pretext of fighting terrorism to interfere in Syria without a proper UN mandate , started its airstrikes on ISIL targets in Syria at the request of President Bashar al-Assad . Moscow acts on the request from Damascus and does n't seek to impose its own political system or a new leader on the Syrian nation . The future of Syrian leadership should be resolved without outside interference , Shestakov said , citing the words of Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov .
DALLAS - When officials at the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development ( HLF ) spoke of jihad , or the need to support Palestinian mujahideen , they were n't necessarily endorsing violence . And when they praised Hamas and brought in leaders of the designated terrorist group to speak at fundraisers , they were n't necessarily providing support .
That was the message John Esposito , a Georgetown University professor of Religion and International Affairs and director of the university 's Saudi-funded Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding told jurors in HLF 's terror support trial Monday . Esposito was called as an expert witness to explain that some of the strident language jurors have heard coming from Holy Land officials may have a different , more benign meaning .
The men are accused of illegally providing millions of dollars to Hamas through a series of Palestinian charities . Donating to charity is sacred in Islam , one of the five pillars of the faith , Esposito said .
But on cross-examination , Esposito either did n't remember or did n't know about documented links between HLF and other groups they have worked with and Hamas .
One of those groups is the Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) . When asked by defense attorney Nancy Hollander if they were familiar with CAIR , Esposito described it as a `` religious-oriented mainstream group '' that worked on issues of discrimination against Muslims . They confirmed they had over a period of time met with senior CAIR officials , including Nihad Awad , Ibrahim Hooper , and `` another person based in California in the Bay area . ''
That person , they later said , turned out to be CAIR co-founder and chairperson emeritus Omar Ahmad .
CAIR is an unindicted co-conspirator in the HLF case . In their cross-examination by federal prosecutor James Jacks , Esposito said that they had attended a handful of CAIR events in the past 15 years . But they struggled to identify the last time they attended a CAIR event .
It was three months ago in Dallas , Jacks said . He 's also scheduled to speak at a CAIR fundraiser in Tampa later this month .
Although Esposito was a featured speaker at the Dallas event in August , they said they were unaware that the funds raised at the event went to the Muslim Legal Defense Fund , a nonprofit group set up to raise money to pay defense attorney 's fees in the HLF trial .
That was n't their only appearance at a Dallas CAIR event . A year earlier , Esposito offered their wholehearted support for CAIR and its wishes to see the defendants set free in the HLF case , `` Let me begin by saying that CAIR is a phenomenal organization….The main reason I decided to come was because of how I see the situation with regard to both the Holy Land Fund and the way government recently handled the situation and also to show solidarity not only with the Holy Land Fund , but also with CAIR . ''
Esposito described themselves as an expert on the Muslim Brotherhood movement . They said they had `` studied the movement for many years . '' However , when Jacks asked whether they were familiar with the Muslim Brotherhood motto , Esposito said they are n't . The motto states :
`` God is our goal , Quran is our Constitution , the Prophet is our leader , struggle [ jihad ] is our way , and death in the service of God is the loftiest of our wishes . ''
Esposito also did not know that Hamas ' charter repeats the same motto . He 's a Muslim Brotherhood expert , they said , not an expert on Hamas .
Jurors were shown a videotape seized from the HLF office of Yusuf al-Qaradawi , an Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood scholar known for their militant religious rulings . In the video , al-Qaradawi cites a passage from the Prophet 's Hadith , also listed in Article 7 of the Hamas charter :
`` The Prophet , prayer and peace be upon him , said : The time will not come until Muslims will fight the Jews ( and kill them ) ; until the Jews hide behind rocks and trees , which will cry : O Muslim ! There is a Jew hiding behind me , come on and kill him ! ''
Qaradawi is a `` very prominent Islamic scholar , '' Esposito said . They tried to rationalize Qaradawi 's statement , saying that the reference to `` Jews '' was really a reference to the `` government of Israel . '' How could they be sure , Jacks asked , if Qaradawi has never offered such an explanation . `` No text can be interpreted without context , '' Esposito said . Qaradawi perceives Palestine to be a `` war zone '' where `` people are under occupation . ''
`` In that context all Israelis are part of the system and fighting , killing in the war zone is legitimate , '' they said . Esposito further added that Qaradawi believes that `` sacrificing against a superior military power is sacrificing for a noble and just cause . ''
Esposito confirmed that al-Qaradawi had issued a fatwa ( religious ruling ) that approved of suicide bombings against American troops in Iraq , explaining that al-Qaradawi had issued the fatwa because `` Iraq was under occupation . ''
Esposito mentioned that over a course of several years they had met with some Hamas leaders , but they could not remember the names `` since it was 10-15 years ago . '' They said they may have also `` run across someone who 's a Hamas leader at a professional conference in Europe , '' but they could not say for certain .
Jacks asked Esposito whether they were familiar with the United Association for Studies and Research ( UASR ) , a think tank that used to be based outside Washington , D.C . Along with CAIR , HLF and the Islamic Association for Palestine ( IAP ) , the UASR was a member of the American Palestine Committee . Internal records show the Palestine Committee was established by the Muslim Brotherhood to help Hamas politically and financially .
CAIR was created in 1994 , after the Palestine Committee existed . Records show CAIR was added to the roster of committee entities and Ahmad , the co-founder and chairperson emeritus , played a significant role in its operations . Ahmad helped lead a secret 1993 gathering of committee members in Philadelphia called to discuss ways to derail the Oslo Peace Accords . Committee members worried the secular Palestinian Authority would marginalize the Islamist Hamas movement .
Esposito said they had attended conferences , seminars , and other events sponsored by UASR and had met its director Ahmed Yousef several times . Esposito said they had no knowledge at the time they met Yousef that the latter was a member of Hamas . Ahmed Yousef currently serves as political advisor to the Ismail Haniyeh-led Hamas government in Gaza .
But questions about Yousef 's Hamas connections date back at least to August 1995 , when the Washington Post asked about it . The Post was reporting on the arrest of Hamas political leader Mousa Abu Marzook by U.S. authorities :
`` One of Marzook 's few professional associations was to serve on the board of the United Association for Studies and Research , a Springfield think tank that has been branded by Israelis as a Hamas front . Ahmed Yousef , the association 's executive director , who met Marzook while also studying engineering at Colorado State , said they knew Marzook as a successful business person who agreed to promote the think tank during their Middle East travels . But Yousef , who said their think tank has no ties to Hamas , was unable to describe the nature of Marzook 's business . ''
Esposito 's relationship with Marzook 's think tank , the UASR , was more than a passing professional interlude . They served on the Board of Advisory Editors for the UASR 's publication , Middle East Affairs Journal . In a 2000 interview in the journal , Esposito challenged the U.S. designation of Hamas as a Foreign Terrorist Organization : `` One ca n't make a clear statement about Hamas . One has to distinguish between Hamas in general and the action of its military wing , and then one has also to talk about specific actions . Some actions by the military wing of Hamas can be seen as acts of resistance , but other actions are acts of retaliation , particularly when they target civilians . ''
Esposito also denied any association with Marzook . They said they were aware Marzook was a founder of UASR after reading background materials on the trial provided them by the defense but other than that they had no memory of having met Marzook . They conceded it was possible they and Marzook `` may have overlapped in Washington , D.C . ''
Esposito and Jacks differed significantly on the structure of the Muslim Brotherhood . Jacks asked if the Islamist movement had a defined hierarchical structure , with spiritual guides . Esposito said that the Muslim Brotherhood exists in a number of countries but is `` not a centrally organized , top-down organization '' as claimed by Jacks . In response to Jacks ' question whether the global Islamist movement sought to establish a worldwide Islamic state , Esposito said that the Muslim Brotherhood aspires to establish Islamic law in `` only those places where you have Muslim populations . ''
Jacks showed Esposito an internal Palestine Committee memo from 1991 outlining `` the General Strategic Goal for the Group in America '' and asked Esposito whether they were familiar with the document . Esposito said they had `` read the document but had not done an analysis of it or studied it . '' Jacks then read out the section on page 21 , describing the Muslim Brotherhood 's role in America as a `` Civilization-Jihadist process ... eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and 'sabotaging ' its miserable house by their hands and the hands of the believers so that it is eliminated and God 's religion is made victorious over all other religions . ''
Esposito said they did n't remember reading that section in the document . They then challenged the memo 's authenticity , saying `` We do not know the source '' but became silent when Jacks pointed out the author 's names appears on it . The author , Mohamed Akram was listed on the document and Akram was a member of UASR , Jacks said .
David McDonald , a professor of ethnomusicology and cultural anthropology at Indiana University was the next defense witness to take the stand . They described different types of Palestinian resistance music and the historical periods associated with it . During the prosecution 's presentation , jurors saw numerous videotapes of fundraising rallies in which a band performed incendiary songs .
McDonald said the literal meaning of the band 's name - `` Al-Sakra '' - means `` The Rock , '' an allusion to `` The Rock '' on which the Prophet Mohammad ascended to heaven . McDonald said a reference to Hamas founder Sheikh Ahmed Yassin on a 1988 video should not be interpreted as a show of support for Hamas . Instead the commentator was `` using music to communicate current events '' in line with Palestinian folklore music wherein singers discuss current events in their performances .
McDonald 's testimony is expected to continue Tuesday .
A majority of Americans oppose an “ assault weapons ” ban for the first time in 20 years of New York Times ' polling on the topic .
According to NYU political scientist Patrick Egan , the opposition to such a ban is up 16 percentage points from the numbers seen in 2011 . Moreover , support for an “ assault weapons ” ban is down 19 percent . On January 15-19 , 2011 Americans polled at 63 percent in favor of a ban and 34 against . On December 4-8 , 2015 , American polled only 44 percent in favor of such a ban , with 50 percent polling in opposition .
The real swing in numbers can be seen by contrasting the latest figures with the first poll NYT took on the topic during January 2-3 , 1995 . At that time support for a ban was at 67 percent , while opposition to a ban was at 27 percent .
These numbers square with a post-San Bernardino Breitbart News report showing that AR-15 sales have been skyrocketing since the December 2 San Bernardino attack . The situation was best summed up by Lynchburg , Virginia 's Patrick McNamee , manager of L. Oppleman Pawn Shop . McNamee said AR-15s flew off the shelves after the San Bernardino attacks and the demand around the country was so great that when they called suppliers to have more ARs they said they were out .
On December 8–two days after President Obama renewed their call for an “ assault weapons ” ban–News Advance quoted McNamee saying , “ When the best salespersons in America speaks , sales peak . ”
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter : @ AWRHawkins . Reach them directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Highways England hopes improving internet infrastructure will help it prepare for driverless cars
Wireless internet could be installed on UK motorways as part of preparations for driverless vehicles , a report says
Highways England 's investment strategy says it is exploring improving Wi-Fi and 5G connectivity across a 4,400 mile networks of UK motorways and A-roads .
It is part of a bid to back government ambitions to have `` fully self-driving cars ... on UK roads by 2021 '' .
The agency hopes the technology can be used to send variable motorway speed limits directly into cars .
The Strategic Road Network report provides details of how Highways England intends to spend £15bn of investment from 2020 .
The report says a roll-out of high speed fibre-optic cabling across the network would provide the infrastructure needed for `` connected '' , or autonomous driving .
Highways England chief executive Jim O'Sullivan said the proposals , which includes expanding the number of smart motorways across the UK , would `` help ensure the network continues to drive economic growth , jobs and prosperity '' in the future .
High-speed internet capabilities , like 5G , would be required to allow driverless cars to be connected to roads , so they can be aware of upcoming obstructions like lane closures .
The report says Highways England is `` exploring how 5G technologies could best be deployed across the road network in order to maximise the productivity benefits for self-driving vehicles '' .
It comes after Chancellor Philip Hammond set out the government 's vision - in their autumn statement - to have fully driverless cars on UK roads by 2021 .
The Department for Transport has opened the initial report to public consultation until 7 February 2018 .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Quentin Willson : Who would n't want a brave new world where machines do all the driving ?
The technology would expand on smart motorways , where gantry signs inform drivers of variable speed limits , road obstructions and lane closures .
Highways England is preparing for a £15m trial of beaming traffic instructions and signs into cars in Kent , in 2018 .
The A2/M2 corridor will be used to test the effectiveness of superfast internet cabling on different terrain , like tunnels .
Farming data into useful information is key
Image copyright PA
By Richard Westcott , BBC transport correspondent
Data is already being gathered from drivers .
Your phone knows if you 've stopped on a road . Sensors in your tyres can tell the temperature of the surface .
The key is farming the data and turning it into useful information .
But will this get rid of those annoying yellow diversion signs which suddenly dump you off a motorway on to a road in the middle of the night , with no information about where the route is taking you or how long it will add to your journey ?
I suspect a bigger priority for drivers is underfunded local roads that litter the country , and long road works where no-one seems to be doing anything .
The `` connected road '' trial will also see technology installed to give information on traffic and travel conditions , including road works , lane closures , and accidents .
These , alongside prevailing weather conditions , will be beamed into trial vehicles .
More vehicular jihad , as the jihad battles continue in Barcelona .
“ BREAKING : Two police officers are run over at Barcelona terror attack roadblock as driver is shot dead , ” by Dave Burke , Mailonline , August 17 , 2017 :
Two police officers have been run over at a roadblock in Barcelona just hours after a terror attack left at least 13 people dead .
A white Ford Focus broke through the roadblock , set up at entrances and exits to the city , and collided with officers and left them injured .
Police said shots were fired between occupants of the car and officers .
The driver was later shot dead in a shootout with the police in Sant Just Desvern , on the outskirts of the city , local media said .
Just hours before , at least 13 people were killed and more than 80 injured after a van ploughed into pedestrians in the busy tourist street .
ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack . Terror police are also reported to have arrested two suspects .
Police launched ‘ Operation Cage ' to capture those responsible for the attack and also denied early reports that hostages were being held in a bar in the city .
El Pais reported detained suspect Driss Oukabir is a Moroccan citizen , born in Aghbala , 180 miles south east of the capital Rabat , and is a resident in Spain .
They have previously spent time in prison in Figueres , 85 miles north east of Barcelona , being released in 2012 , the newspaper said .
They arrived again from Morocco on Sunday , anti-terrorist sources told the newspaper , having previously been in Madrid earlier in the year .
However , TVE1 reported that Oukabir is from Marseilles , France , and lives in Ripoll in Girona , north of Barcelona , citing a Facebook page… .
PHILADELPHIA ( CBS/AP ) — Authorities say a man who had been evicted from a homeless shelter in North Philadelphia returned and opened fire , killing one employee and injuring another .
It happened shortly after 6 a.m. Sunday inside the Station House shelter in the 2600 block of North Broad Street in the Glenwood section of the city .
Officials say the man was evicted Friday night after breaking the rules by being intoxicated . Authorities said they returned Sunday morning to get their belongings , but apparently got into an argument with an employee , pulled out a gun and opened fire .
A man in their 40s was pronounced dead at the scene and a 26-year-old man shot in the hip was taken to a hospital .
Police say the gunman was last seen fleeing behind railroad tracks in the rear of the building .
Station House provides after-hours residential services for nearly a hundred single homeless men in the city .
Mayor Jim Kenney , in a statement , called the shooting a “ heartbreaking tragedy ” and urged those in need of shelter services to continue to utilize them as the city prepared to enter a Code Blue Sunday evening .
( TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Here is a story about some farmers who sold land to home builders during the bubble - and are now buying back land at a fraction of the price ...
From Mary Ellen Podmolik at the Chicago Tribune : Shrewd investments enable farmers to live off the land they sold , then bought
... the [ Baltz ] brothers stood ... on 246 acres that , at their peak , sold for $ 65,000 an acre and in 2005 were annexed by the village and zoned for more than 400 single-family detached homes .
The Baltz brothers paid $ 3.6 million , or about $ 14,500 an acre , for land that already has subdivision utilities brought to the property line . This year , though , the only thing rising out of the dirt will be the corn that Bob Baltz planted last month .
Bob Dhuse , whose family has been farming southwest of Chicago since the 1850s , decided to split up the family 's Kendall County land seven years ago , selling 90 acres for $ 34,000 to a housing developer .
... last fall they paid $ 12,000 to $ 15,000 an acre for land on the west side of Joliet that was to be a project of Neumann Homes , which , like competitors Kimball Hill , Kirk Corp. and Pasquinelli , all went bankrupt .
And another example ( not buying back the same land - but similar ) : Nice timing ! Earlier :
SpriteKit SKPhysicsBody Path Generator
automatically create paths for your SpriteKit physics bodies with this free online tool .
Instructions : Drag and drop an image into the box below or click on the box to select an image from your computer . Adjust the settings as required , then click on the Recalculate button to see the effect of your changes .
New Update : Now includes a force convex mode ( enabled by default ) to ensure 100 % compatibility with SpriteKit Physics Bodies , and also to reduce the points count - enjoy ! : )
Image :
Output :
Total Points : 0
Enter No . Raycasters ( Min . 16 , Max . 360 ) :
Note - using a higher number of raycasters will produce a more precise rendition of the image 's shape .
Tolerance : ( Default = 1.0 )
Note - higher tolerance values will result in potentially fewer points , but also a less accurate polygon path .
Enable High Quality Mode :
Force to Convex :
( 0 , 0 ) at Bottom Left :
Retina Mode :
Output Format :
Recalculate ...
Please enter any comments/suggestions below . Thanks .
© Copyright 2015 Space Cadets . All rights reserved .
( N.B . SpriteKit SKPhysicsBody paths must be convex ) Objective CSwift
UNITED NATIONS : India today called Pakistan a `` terrorist state '' and accused it of carrying out `` war crimes '' against Indians through its `` long-standing policy '' of sponsoring terrorism , hours after Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif racked up Kashmir issue at the UN General Assembly session.In a strong rebuttal , India said the terrorists designated by the UN continued to roam Pakistan 's streets freely and operate with state support.Exercising India 's Right of Reply to Sharif 's `` long tirade '' about the situation in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir , First Secretary in the Permanent Mission of India to the UN Eenam Gambhir said `` the worst violation of human rights is terrorism . `` `` When practised as an instrument of state policy it is a war crime . What my country and our other neighbours are facing today is Pakistan 's long-standing policy of sponsoring terrorism , the consequences of which have spread well beyond our region , '' they said.Gambhir said India sees in Pakistan `` a terrorist state '' which channelises billions of dollars , much of it diverted from international aid , to training , financing and supporting terrorist groups as militant proxies against it neighbours.In a reference to JeM chief Masood Azhar and Mumbai terror attack mastermind Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi , Gambhir said terrorist entities and their leaders , including many designated by the UN , continue to roam the streets of Pakistan freely and operate with State 's support . `` With the approval of authorities , many terrorist organisations raise funds openly in flagrant violation of Pakistan 's international obligations , '' they said.She said while Pakistan 's nuclear proliferation record is marked by `` deception and deceit , '' it talks about restraint , renunciation and peace . `` Similar false promises it has made to us - the international community - on terrorism . Perhaps renunciation of lies and self-restraint on threats could be a good place for Pakistan to start , '' Gambhir said.India also strongly slammed Sharif for glorifying Hizbul Mujahideen terrorist Burhan Wani , who was killed on July 8 by the Indian forces . `` Even today we have heard support by the Prime Minister of Pakistan for a self-acknowledged commander of a known terrorist organisation , '' they said.Gambhir said Pakistan was a democracy deficit country and practises terrorism on its own people . `` It extends support to extremist groups , it suppresses minorities and women and denies basic human rights including through draconian laws , '' they added.Gambhir voiced India 's firm resolve to protect all its citizens from all acts of terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir . `` We can not and will not allow terrorism to prevail , '' they said.Gambhir reminded the UN that the trail of the most `` horrifying '' and `` dastardly terror attack '' of 9/11 led all the way to Abbottabad in Pakistan , where Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden had been hiding for years and was killed by US forces.She also noted that the land of Taxila , one of the greatest learning centres of ancient times , `` is now host to the Ivy League of terrorism '' and attracts aspirants and apprentices from all over the world . `` The effect of its toxic curriculum are felt across the globe , '' they said , adding that it is ironical that a country which has established itself as the global epicentre of terrorism , is preaching human rights and talks about the ostensible support for self-determination.She also told the UN General Assembly that shortly before Pakistan gave its `` hypocritical sermons '' in the world body , its envoy in New Delhi was summoned in the context of the most recent of the terror attacks in Uri that claimed 18 Indian lives . `` That terrorist attack is part of a trail of continuous flow of terrorists trained and armed by our neighbour and tasked to carry out terrorist attacks in my country , '' they said.Sharif raised the Kashmir issue with almost every world leader - including those from the US , the UK , Japan and Turkey - yesterday . They sought their intervention to resolve the matter .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. — A group of parents has appealed a decision by a Louisville high school to allow transgender students to use the restrooms and locker rooms that correspond with their gender identity .
The Atherton High School site-based decision-making council will meet next week to discuss the appeal , which was filed by Louisville attorney Clinton Elliott , who is with the Christian-based legal group Alliance Defending Freedom , reports The Courier Journal .
The council voted last month to amend its policy after school Principal Thomas Aberli decided to allow a transgender student who identifies as female to use the girls ' restroom and locker room .
The appeal says the school panel 's decision was “ inconsistent with state and federal law , inconsistent with concerns for safety and inconsistent with concerns for liability . ”
© 2014 , Associated Press , All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
This Story Filed Under
Austria 's left-leaning president Alexander Van Der Bellen has suggested all women must one day wear headscarves to combat Islamophobia .
The green-backed independent triumphed over their populist right-wing rival Norbert Hofer in December after an unprecedented repeat vote .
Their comments come after the Austrian government banned the full-face veil in public spaces in January , as part of an attempt to counter the rise of the far-right Freedom Party .
During a talk to students Mr Van der Bellen suggested all women should wear a headscarf in solidarity with Muslims .
Speaking at The House of the European Union in Vienna , they said : ‘ It is the right of a woman – do men wear headscarves too ? – to dress themselves however they want . That is my opinion about it .
‘ Besides that , not only Muslim women . Every woman can wear a headscarf . And if it goes on – and I am already on the next question – with actual rampant Islamophobia , the day will come that we must ask all women to wear a headscarf .
‘ All out of solidarity with those who have to on religious grounds . '
Austria banned the burqa , niqab and other face-covering veils earlier this year .
The measure was introduced by the ruling Social Democratic party ( SPÖ ) and the centre-right Austrian People 's party ( ÖVP ) to prevent the collapse of their coalition government .
By doing so , they followed in the footsteps of France , which became the first European country to ban the full-face veil officially in 2010 .
Bans are also in place in Belgium and some parts of Switzerland .
Mr Van der Bellen had outlined a vision markedly different from that offered during campaigning by their right-wing rival Mr Hofer , who they defeated in December .
Hofer had campaigned on a law-and-order platform in line with their Freedom Party 's opposition to Muslim immigration , its focus on Austrians first and its depiction of the European Union as an out-of-touch institutio .
In contrast , the left-leaning Van der Bellen rejected nationalism in favour of a ‘ common Europe as a project of peace . '
They urged equal treatment for all Austrians , whether ‘ their families live here for generations or not…whether they love men or women , and whether they are men or women . '
The presidency is a largely symbolic post .
But Van der Bellen 's victory was welcomed by established European political parties fearful of another populist victory after Donald Trump 's shock presidential win in the US .
Original Article
Share This
Can we write a Monoidal Either ?
Published on May 19 , 2015 under the tag About the problems with clashing Applicative and MonadPublished on May 19 , 2015 under the tag haskell
Introduction
For the last month or , I have been working as a contractor for Luminal . I am helping them implement Fugue , and more specifically Ludwig – a compiler a for statically typed declarative configuration language . This is one of the most interesting projects I have worked on so far – writing a compiler is really fun . While implementing some parts of this compiler , I came across an interesting problem .
In particular , a typeclass instance seemed to adhere to both the Monad and Applicative laws , but with differing behaviour – which felt a bit fishy . I started a discussion on Twitter understand it better , and these are my thoughts on the matter .
The problem
Suppose we 're writing a typechecker . We have to do a number of things :
Parse the program to get a list of user-defined types .
Typecheck each expression .
A bunch of other things , but for the purpose of this post we 're going to leave it at that .
Now , any of these steps could fail , and we 'd like to log the reason for failure . Clearly this is a case for something like Either ! Let 's define ourselves an appropriate datatype .
We can write a straightforward Functor instance :
The Monad instance is also very obvious :
However , the Applicative instance is not that obvious – we seem to have a choice .
But first , lets take a step back and stub out our compiler a bit more , so that we have some more context . Imagine we have the following types in our compiler :
And our code looks like this :
On executing compiler1 , we get the following error :
* Main > compiler1 Failed `` Could not typecheck : False == 3 ''
Which is correct , but using a compiler entirely written in this fashion would be annoying . Check , like Either , short-circuits on the first error it encounters . This means we would compile our program , fix one error , compile , fix the next error , compile , and so on .
It would be much nicer if users were to see multiple error messages at once .
Of course , this is not always possible . On one hand , if findDefinedTypes1 throws an error , we can not possibly call typeCheck1 , since we do not have a TypeScope .
On the other hand , if findDefinedTypes1 succeeds , should n't it be possible to collect error messages from both typeCheck1 scope expr1 and typeCheck1 scope expr2 ?
It turns out this is possible , precisely because the second call to typeCheck1 does not depend on the result of the first call – so we can execute them in parallel , if you will . And that is precisely the difference in expressive power between Monad and Applicative : Monadic > > = provides access to previously computed results , where Applicative < * > does not . Let 's ( ab ? ) use this to our advantage .
The solution ?
Cleverly , we put together following instance :
Using this instance we can effectively collect error messages . We need to change our code a bit to support a collection of error messages , so let 's use [ String ] instead of String since a list is a Monoid .
Note that * > is the Applicative equivalent of the Monadic > > .
Now , every error is represented by a list of error messages ( typically a singleton such as in typeCheck2 ) , and the Applicative < * > combines error messages . If we execute compiler2 , we get :
* Main > compiler2 Failed [ `` Could not typecheck : False == 3 '' , `` Could not typecheck : [ 1 , ' a ' ] '' ]
Success ! But is that all there is to it ?
The problem with the solution
The problem is that we have created a situation where < * > is not equal to ap . After researching this for a while , it seems that < * > = ap is not a verbatim rule . However , most arguments suggest it should be the case – even the name .
This is important for refactoring , for example . Quite a few Haskell programmers ( including myself ) would refactor :
Into :
Foo < $ > bar < * > qux
Without putting too much thought in it , just assuming it does the same thing .
In our case , they are clearly similar , but not equal – we would get only one error instead of collecting error messages . One could argue that this is close enough , but when one uses that argument too frequently , you might just end up with something like PHP .
The problem becomes more clear in the following fragment :
Which has completely different behaviour from this fragment :
The latter will get stuck in some sort of infinite recursion , while the former will not . This is not a subtle difference anymore . While the problem is easy to spot here ( > > vs. * > ) , this is not always the case :
Ever since AMP , it is impossible to tell whether this will do a forM_ or a for_ -like traversal without looking at the implementation – this makes mistakes easy .
The solution to the problem with the solution
As we discussed in the previous section , it should be possible for a programmer to tell exactly how a Monad or Applicative will behave , without having to dig into implementations . Having a structure where < * > and ap behave slightly differently makes this hard .
When a Haskell programmer wants to make a clear distinction between two similar types , the first thing that comes to mind is probably newtype s. This problem is no different .
Let 's introduce a newtype for error-collecting Applicative . Since the Functor instance is exactly the same , we might as well generate it using GeneralizedNewtypeDeriving .
Now , we provide our Applicative instance for MonoidCheck :
Finally , we avoid writing a Monad instance for MonoidCheck . This approach makes the code cleaner :
This ensures that when people use MonoidCheck , they are forced to use the Applicative combinators , and they can not accidentally reduce the number of error messages .
For other programmers reading the code , it is very clear whether we are dealing with short-circuiting behaviour or that we are collecting multiple error messages : it is explicit in the types .
Usage and conversion
Our fragment now becomes :
We can see that while it is not more concise , it is definitely more clear : we can see exactly which functions will collect error messages . Furthermore , if we now try to write :
We will get a compiler warning telling us we should use * > instead .
Explicitly , we now convert between Check and MonoidCheck by simply calling MonoidCheck and unMonoidCheck . We can do this inside other transformers if necessary , using e.g . mapReaderT .
Data.Either.Validation
The MonoidCheck discussed in this blogpost is available as Data.Either.Validation on hackage . The main difference is that instead of using a newtype , the package authors provide a full-blown datatype .
And two straightforward conversion functions :
This makes constructing values a bit easier :
Instead of :
At this point , it should n't surprise you that Validation intentionally does not provide a Monad instance .
Conclusion
This , of course , is all my opinion – there does n't seem to be any definite consensus on whether or not ap should be the same as < * > , since differing behaviour occurs in prominent libraries . While the Monad and Applicative laws are relatively well known , there is no canonical law saying that ap = < * > .
Update : there actually is a canonical law that ap should be < * > , and it was right under my nose in the Monad documentation since AMP . Before that , it was mentioned in the Applicative documentation . Thanks to quchen for pointing that out to me !
A key point here is that the AMP actually related the two typeclasses . Before that , arguing that the two classes were in a way “ unrelated ” was still a ( dubious ) option , but that is no longer the case .
Furthermore , considering this as a law might reveal opportunities for optimisation .
Lastly , I am definitely a fan of implementing these differing behaviours using different types and then converting between them : the fact that types explicitly tell me about the behaviour of code is one of the reasons I like Haskell .
Thanks to Alex Sayers for proofreading and suggestions .
In the last two weeks , two very important things have happened that make that especially hard to avoid . The Bush administration 's chief prosecutor at Gitmo , Susan Crawford , has themselves conceded that torture did indeed take place in that camp , and specifically against Qahtani , the prisoner whose torture was personally monitored by Bush , Cheney and Rumsfeld , and whose torture log is in the public domain . An attorney general presented with clear evidence of torture engaged in by public officials has no choice but to prosecute - or to make a mockery of their office . It is absurd to ignore the men who have primary responsibility for the crime .
The second big thing is that the perpetrators of war crimes are no longer in power . I predict that as fear of administrative reprisal ebbs , more and more whistle-blowers will come forward with evidence of what was done under Bush and Cheney , in defiance of domestic and international law . That Bush and Cheney got hacks to write absurd legal memos saying that , in Bush 's own words , `` whatever we wanted to do '' was legal will mean nothing . Yoo and Bybee are the kind of useful , amoral sycophants and apparatchiks that always emerge and flourish in lawless states eager to put up a facade of legalism to defend their power-grabs .
I do not believe in a witch-hunt in the CIA , whose many hard-working officers deserve support not censure . I do believe in holding responsible those high elected officials who broke the law and violated the Constitution in authorizing war crimes . It should take as much time as needed for a thorough accounting ; it should be meticulously fair ; it should be geared solely to ensure that the rule of law is no longer in question ; and that only those truly responsible at the top of the chain of command are held liable . But if we do not hold these men to account , the precedent they set is alarming .
They have , after all , argued that the executive branch can do anything to anyone to defend the nation 's security as defined and measured by that executive branch itself . They have argued that that power is permanent and not restricted to a discrete length of time . They have declared the Constitution to be entirely subject to the executive 's will , checked only by a four year `` moment of accountability '' . And they are unrepentant - even boastful of their actions . We can not leave that precedent in place . Why ? I know no better popular expression of the case than that made by Robert Bolt in this imagined conversation between Thomas More and the John Yoo of their day , William Roper :
William Roper : So , now you give the Devil the benefit of law ! Sir Thomas More : Yes ! What would you do ? Cut a great road through the law to get after the Devil ? William Roper : Yes , I 'd cut down every law in England to do that ! Sir Thomas More : Oh ? And when the last law was down , and the Devil turned 'round on you , where would you hide , Roper , the laws all being flat ? This country is planted thick with laws , from coast to coast , Man 's laws , not God 's ! And if you cut them down , and you 're just the man to do it , do you really think you could stand upright in the winds that would blow then ? Yes , I 'd give the Devil benefit of law , for my own safety 's sake !
Yes , I give prisoners of war , even the demons of al Qaeda , the benefit of the law . For my own safety 's sake . And ours ' .
( Photo : U.S. President Barack Obama ( L ) signs an executive order to close down the detention center at Guantanamo Bay Cuba as retired military officers stand behind them in the Oval Office at the White House on January 22 , 2009 in Washington , DC . By Mark Wilson/Getty Images . )
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
KATIE Holmes has left the world of Scientology for a more normal type of bullshit by experimenting with Catholicism .
The former flat heel wearer has severed all ties with Scientologists after their clean-shaven husband informed the organisation that they didnt exist and was merely Xenu disguised as a mediocre actor .
Holmes said : I was worried that after all those years of Hubbardism or whatever its called , believing in things that require evidence straight away might be like a 300-pound woman trying to run the New York marathon .
Im starting with the Pope and all their colourful brand of magical batshittery , then gradually working my way back to normality .
“ Ill hopefully be moving onto being a Methodist by the end of next year as theyre just slightly mental and a bit mean-spirited rather than tits-out crazy.
Holmes hopes to have finally reached the stage where they stop believing in fairy stories at the same stage as their daughter Suri and has also started to de-bullshit-ise other aspects of their life .
They are currently working with a dietician on what constitutes a healthy weight , how eating less calories than you consume is the only actual way of losing weight in first place and why a dietician actually needs to study for their qualification rather than printing off the internet like a nutritionist .
Helpers are also working to remove the healing crystals from their home , moving the furniture to what looks good rather than what is proper Feng Shui and are patiently explaining that acting is just well-paid dressing up rather than the hardest job in the world .
Holmes added : Somebody suggested I try homeopathy but while I may be Tom Cruises ex and an actor , Im not a complete fucking idiot.
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
These are tough times for labor unions . They are under attack in the private sector and at all levels of government . But workers are waking up to the reason for the attacks : unions are essential sources of protection for essential workers . Ad Policy
So it is that the labor movement has now secured one of the most important victories of recent years in a high-profile area of the public sector .
In a run-off election completed this week , the nation 's 40,000 Transportation Security Administration employees voted to become members of the American Federation of Government Employees .
AFGE will provide exclusive representation to the workers at airports across the country , who for many years after the creation of the TSA were denied the right to organize .
This year , TSA Administrator John Pistole agreed that airport screeners were entitled to collective-bargaining rights .
That decision came after a long and difficult struggle by AFGE and other unions to organize the TSA workers .
Barriers to the organizing drive were erected by low-level federal bureaucrats at the Federal Labor Relations Authority . Finally , the labor relations authority board accepted petitions from AFGE and the National Treasury Employees Union to hold an election to determine which labor union would represent TSA workers . Then Republican senators got into the act , sponsoring legislation to end collective-bargaining rights for airport screeners .
The Senate rejected the Termination of Collective Bargaining for Transportation Security Administration Employees Act , which was presented in February ( by the anti-labor troika of Mississippi 's Roger Wicker , Oklahoma 's Tom Coburn and Maine 's Susan Collins ) as an amendment to Federal Aviation Administration authorization legislation .
Wicker , Coburn , Collins and their allies in the right-wing echo chamber tried to gin up a fantasy argument that unionizing public employees would somehow threaten national security . It was an absurd construct from the beginning—as union workers have been critical players in the defense of the republic at least since days when members of the radical National Maritime Union manned Merchant Marine boats on some of the most dangerous runs of World War II . ( The civilian auxiliary of the US Navy , the Merchant Marine consists of unionized mariners , who in times of war are considered military personnel . )
As Woody Guthrie , an NMU mariner , recalled in their great talking-blues reflection on the World War II–era “ Talking Merchant Marine ” :
“ I 'm just one of the merchant crew ,
I belong to the union called the N. M. U .
I 'm a union man from head to toe ,
I 'm U. S. A. and C. I. O .
Fightin ' out here on the waters to win some freedom on the land . ”
TSA workers are only the latest federal employees in critical national security positions to unionize . And the attacks on them and their potential union representatives have been crude and insulting .
But the answer to the insults came in the voting by airport screeners and their colleagues on whether to go union .
TSA workers overwhelmingly favored union representation but divided over whether they wanted it from AFGE or the treasury employees union . After two rounds of voting , AFGE has prevailed , and the union 's president , as AFGE president John Gage explained , “ Workplace rights improve employee morale , which will improve security , not undermine it . A bargaining agreement would lead to better working conditions , fair promotion and evaluation practices and safer workplaces , and in doing so , increase morale . ”
Gage is right .
America 's better off with unionized airport screeners—and it is good to know that , even as the anti-union right ( in Congress and in the media ) spread their lies , working Americans are still voting for the union . And the labor movement continues to fight—with notable success—for its rightful place in areas of the public sector that are responsible for public safety and security .
In this latest Call of Duty : Black Ops video we get an in-depth look at the customization of multiplayer in the game , in particular we learn all about the importance of in-game currency and horses that can shoot guns .
Customization and personalization are two very important design agendas for the makers of Call of Duty : Black Ops , according to Dan Bunting , online director for developer Treyarch .
`` We really wanted to make the player fell like they were making the game their own , '' they said .
But all of those customizations will come with a price , and in-game currency price .
David Vonderhaar , the game 's design director , says this currency system is different than just a level system .
Advertisement
`` Previous games you would unlock all content based on your level , '' they said . `` In the currency system what happens is you unlock the main features . You then use the currency to unlock what you want from that category . ''
And currency is only earned in online matches .
Wow , and check out the emblem editor . A horse with guns for hooves ? Yes , please .
Ed 's note : Make sure to press that tiny HD button in the right bottom corner of the player to see this video in high definition .
Since Buenos Aires has been traditionally regarded as a socially integrated city , gated communities have been the object of research by sociologists . Gated communities are an important way through which people – particularly middle and upper classes – cope with the high levels of violent criminal activity in Greater Buenos Aires . [ 9 ]
For the astute readers of Breitbart News , last night 's battle in Chicago may come as a shock , but it should come as no surprise .
No other news organization has documented the rise and origins of the groups behind Friday night 's madhouse as thoroughly as the team at Breitbart News . From its origins being exposed in the film Occupy Unmasked before the election cycle to covering and exposing every aspect of the new Black Lives Matter incarnation , we 've given readers the intellectual ammunition to understand the dangerous rise of the new American left in the Obama era .
Just this week , we published two 2,500 word exposés that laid bare not just the history of deception and media collusion that made last night 's rout of Donald Trump 's rally in the Windy City possible , but we also examined the 50 years of progressive hatred that caused such an outpouring of bile on social media after the death of former first lady Nancy Reagan .
We believe that those who do n't know history are condemned to repeat it , and as we pointed out in January in a definitive piece , we both illuminated the past and predicted the future . :
Should either Cruz or Trump be the nominee , expect Black Lives Matter 's army to take to the streets and try to shut them down at every opportunity . For that reason , the current political season is set to be even more divisive than either of the last two election cycles , which had already set a very high bar for vitriol .
We also pointed out that Donald Trump would be the main focus of this ire , but that Ted Cruz or any other GOP nominee would be next on the radicals ' hit list .
This is one of the reasons that Donald Trump , more than any other political candidate on the scene right now , has incurred so much of the wrath and anger of Black Lives Matter . They are keenly aware that they simply will not play their game . The other current frontrunner for the Republican nomination is Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , who has already demonstrated that they are no cupcake either .
Unfortunately , last night showed weakness on the part of both GOP frontrunners , as Trump showed that they could be out-gamed and Ted Cruz went full cupcake .
This is not a game that 's going to be won by either brute force or blame-the-victim capitulation . The enemy here is the organized institutional left , and every single GOP candidate and surrogate needs to start educating the voters on who they are .
This is going to get worse . As I predicted in January :
As the newest incarnation of the activist Left , Black Lives Matter will not back down or rest until it is either stopped by someone gutsy enough to call them out or until it gets what it wants : a bloody revolution leading to a socialist/anarchist America . The one thing the left has not counted on , however , is a dogged , active conservative media culture that can bring real information straight to the American people without being filtered by Black Lives Matter 's journalism school comrades . We 're not about to let Black Lives Matter or any leftist revolutionary movement destroy America without making sure they 're fully revealed for what they are .
There 's a battle for the soul of our nation . Our founder Andrew Breitbart made that clear through their work . The team here at Breitbart is in the trenches every day , bringing you the truth that the mainstream media simply will not . That 's our # WAR , and we have no plans to surrender .
Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @ Stranahan .
Stephen Brashear Carl T. Bergstrom ( left ) and Jevin West , of the U. of Washington , want to teach students how to survive the avalanche of false or misleading data shaken loose by shifts in media , technology , and politics . Facts and figures are like cow pastures . Unless you squint , you ca n't always tell how full of bullshit they are .
Carl T. Bergstrom and Jevin West , a pair of scientists at the University of Washington , think it 's time to arm students with boots and shovels . They have published the outline of a course , titled `` Calling Bullshit , '' which would try to teach how to spot bad data and misleading graphs at a time when bending statistics has become a popular art form .
`` Pending approval from the administrative powers-that-be at the University of Washington , we hope to offer the seminar in the near future , '' they wrote on a website they built for the course . `` In the meantime , connoisseurs of bullshit may enjoy the course syllabus , readings , and case studies that we have lovingly curated . ''
The Chronicle caught up with Mr. Bergstrom , a biologist , and Mr. West , an information scientist , to talk about their course . The following interview has been edited and condensed .
Q . In the wake of the election season , your course and its title arrive with a sense of urgency . But you do n't just implicate politicians in the spreading of bullshit . You also call out advertisers , the techno-optimists of start-up culture , and administrators of all stripes . How are you defining bullshit ?
Carl Bergstrom : There 's a lot of discussion of how to define bullshit in the philosophy literature , rather to one 's surprise . Harry Frankfurt defines it as producing verbiage without concern whatsoever for the truth . And that 's bull­shitting , according to him . There are others who argue bullshit is broader than that , and would include deliberate attempts to deceive .
“ What we 'll do in the course is teach people a set of tools and techniques for assessing quantitative evidence that will allow them to make claims about that evidence that will generally be accepted by the scientific community as valid . ”
How we define it is : `` language , statistical figures , graphics , and other forms of presentation intended to persuade by impressing and overwhelming a reader or listener with a blatant disregard for truth and logical coherence . ''
Q . So something that has that seductive , kind of musical quality of truth but which is unreliable when subjected to scrutiny .
Mr. Bergstrom : Yes , or kind of impressing you and making you feel like you can not challenge it because I dump a bunch of numbers at you and say , Look , here are the statistics , and we ran the latest machine-learning algorithm on it , and here 's a fancy data visualization .
Q . The theater of rigor .
Advertisement
Mr. Bergstrom : Yes , exactly . And that could be done verbally , but more and more we see it done quantitatively with figures , data graphics , and with appeal to algorithms that generate results but which no one really understands .
Q. Bullshit is , I think we can agree , both pervasive and often cleverly disguised . How do we know this class is not also bullshit ?
Mr. Bergstrom : That 's a good question … [ long pause ] ... Do you have a witty , snap answer to that , Jevin ?
Jevin West : After the students take the course , hopefully they 'll be able to assess whether that 's true or not . The class is n't a set of lectures only produced from our brains . We 're using readings and real material that you find in texts that are about this very topic . We 're aggregating for the students this kind of information that 's around and sort of gluing it together , so hopefully by the end they could assess that . But it 's a great question .
Mr. Bergstrom : And , you know , unfortunately , good bullshit might do all of the things that Jevin just mentioned . I guess I would say , ‘ Trust us . '
Q . Well , that 's ultimately what so much of it comes down to , right ? Politicians are successful , as we 've recently seen , not because the rigor of their arguments checks out according to some refereed system of bullshit identification , but because enough people trust them that whatever data and data graphics and extras they 're bringing to the table amount to something credible .
Mr. Bergstrom : That 's right . Let me give you a serious answer to the question of whether the course is bullshit : What we 'll do in the course is teach people a set of tools and techniques for assessing quantitative evidence that will allow them to make claims about that evidence that will generally be accepted by the scientific community as valid .
The Post-Truth Issue `` Post-truth—adjective ; relating to or denoting circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than appeals to emotion and personal belief . '' So says Oxford Dictionaries , announcing their 2016 word of the year . If we really have entered a post-truth era , as so many have written , what does that mean for the scholar and the student ? For the citizen and the state ? In our special issue , we wrestle with these and other urgent questions . Our Graduates Are Rubes
When Truth Becomes a Commodity
Know-Nothing Nation
Fighting Fake Premium
The Plots Against America Premium
Facebook and Falsehood
Mr. West : Just by putting students in a room addressing the topic — even if we were bullshitting them with the lectures and the content that we give them — just by having them talk about these three hours a week , that 's putting their antennas up . And they can hone those skills for themselves going forward .
Q. I went to college not too long ago , and I remember learning skills for identifying bullshit . I also remember learning how to bullshit . And I 'm sure as professors you 've read papers , possibly submitted at the 11th hour ...
Mr. Bergstrom : No , we 've never seen anything like that . [ They laugh . ]
Advertisement
Q . … and said , ‘ This student is bullshitting right now . ' And then , sure enough , you take out your grading pen and say , ‘ But , they bullshitted well enough to pass this paper . ' Do you think that colleges are , at some level , complicit in teaching students how to become effective bull­shitters ?
Mr. Bergstrom : I think that what we 're teaching in the classroom , at least in the sciences , is how to cut through numerical bullshit of various sorts . But I do concede that the assessment structure may favor those who practice the art on their own time .
Q . Strictly speaking , bullshit — like , literal bull shit — can be used as a fertilizer to grow things that are necessary for survival . Similarly , political bullshit can be used to inspire good acts . Start-up bullshit can help raise money for useful products . Administrative bullshit , um … can , uh …
Mr. Bergstrom : It must be useful for something . [ They laugh . ]
Mr. West : Maybe to generate funds to build a new building or something .
Q. Yeah , OK , there you go . So , is bullshit always bad ?
Mr. West : Since our focus will be on number or algorithmic or graphic manipulation , I think in that case it is all bad . What you 're talking about has more of a social context , and I think in that case , you 've couched it pretty well — maybe there are circumstances where it 's OK .
Mr. Bergstrom : You have to distinguish a little bit between the types of bullshit you 're talking about . I mean , we 've got to repeatedly , every day , say , ‘ Hey it 's great to see you , ' even when we 're thinking , ‘ Oh God , I wish I 'd ducked around the corner . ' So , there are these white-lie , minor acts of bullshit that are essential to lubricate social function .
Q . Is there such a thing as a white lie in statistical bullshit ?
Mr. Bergstrom : I do n't believe so . I believe the whole purpose of statistics is to impose a sort of rigor on messy data and make strong claims , or formally specify how strong of claims we can make , given the data . Some people will say , ‘ Well , the statistics I used was actually not sufficiently conservative and so my confidence interval is probably a little broader — but , it 's close enough . ' And I really dislike that .
Advertisement
Q . The full title of your course is `` Calling Bullshit in the Age of Big Data . '' How does big data exacerbate the problem , and in what ways can it be used as an antidote ?
Mr. Bergstrom : In the past , you had very small data sets , because that 's all you could get . If you had a hypothesis that was wrong , and you tested it , the data would tell you you 're on the wrong track . But once you 're looking at a data set with a hundred million observations , almost anything you test is going to come out to be statistically significant . You think you 've found this strong signal , and it turns out that it 's all the result of some spurious correlation in the data .
“ I want to challenge myself to think well of actors who have put together bullshit , rather than saying , 'Oh , this person is working for this agency I do n't like , so they 're probably trying to deceive me . ' ”
Mr. West : In my field we spend a lot of time building software tools , visualization tools , algorithmic tools . So more and more of the population is engaging with this kind of data . More and more beautiful graphs are being produced . Which is great ! But with that come lots and lots of mistakes in arguments and the way they 're presenting the data . We see more and more of this stuff , and more kinds of bullshit in graphical representation and in numbers and stats .
Q . In my experience , calling bullshit often will cause other people call you cynical . Cynicism is n't necessarily a bad trait to cultivate , but is there a way that calling bullshit can go wrong ?
Mr. Bergstrom : I expect there are all kinds of ways that calling bullshit can go wrong , and I expect we 'll find out most of them pretty soon . One thing I do want to think about is that I want to be very good-spirited in everything I put together in the class . I want to challenge myself to think well of actors who have put together bullshit , rather than saying , `` Oh , this person is working for this agency I do n't like , so they 're probably trying to deceive me . ''
I think the effort to humanize the text you 're looking at is very important . We often do too little of that in the academy , and people are very quick to say , ‘ Oh these people are just stupid , ' ‘ Oh , that discipline is garbage . ' There 's a difference between being a hard-minded skeptic and being a domineering jerk .
Q . So alongside the tools students can use to identify and call out bullshit , you 're also teaching the discretion to know when it 's appropriate to do so ?
Mr. Bergstrom : It 's very , very important in interdisciplinary work . Because when you sit down and listen to somebody from another field , they are bringing a whole different set of assumptions , possibly a different jargon . You 're thinking , `` None of this can be right — this is bullshit ! '' And then you realize , `` No , what they 're saying is completely consistent . They 're just working off different assumptions than the ones you were making . ''
It 's very important to have that generosity of spirit … [ laughs ] at least , until you 're pretty sure it 's not merited .
Mr. West : We 'll be making fun of some of the issues we 've had in our own work and our research , just because we know humans are fallible .
Mr. Bergstrom : My first case study attacks my own textbook . Just to say , `` There 's bullshit in all kinds of forms , and here , I put some in my textbook , and it 's interesting to look at how that happened to me . ''
Something I think I need to work on is learning how to call bullshit on a claim without attacking a person . I 'd love to get better at that , and help other people learn how to do that as well .
Steve Kolowich writes about how colleges are changing , and staying the same , in the digital age . Follow them on Twitter @ stevekolowich , or write to them at steve.kolowich @ chronicle.com .
A University of Virginia adjunct professor is facing backlash after comparing Black Lives Matter to the horrific racism and terror of the Ku Klux Klan , the Washington Post reports .
Douglas Muir , who lectures at the university 's engineering and business schools , wrote a Facebook comment that Black Lives Matter is the `` biggest '' racist organization since the KKK . According to the Post , the comment was written last week in response to a Facebook post about a Black Lives Matter event in Charlottesville , Va .
Advertisement
Since the comment came to light , officials at the university have issued statements blasting Muir 's comments and distancing themselves from the lecturer . Muir has since taken a leave of absence , the Post notes , according to UVa .
Even Charlottesville Vice Mayor Wes Bellamy has stepped in , criticizing Muir 's comments on social media and calling on people to boycott Muir 's restaurant business in the city and offering them cultural training .
“ The notion that # BlackLivesMatter can be comparable to the Klu Klux Klan is not only incredibly misguided , but goes to show the lack of cultural awareness that still plagues many professors at our Universities across the country , ” Bellamy wrote in an Instagram post . `` You have my number Frank Muir , I 'll await your call so that you can get the cultural training that you need . We can make a day , a week , a month , or however much time of it to get you where you need to be ! ''
Advertisement
Muir is expected to make their own statement , although it is not clear when that will be .
The incident started when a local real estate agent posted a picture to Muir 's Facebook page of Alicia Garza , co-founder of Black Lives Matter , who spoke at an event in Charlottesville on Tuesday . The real estate agent said that Garza is `` working for dignity for everyone , '' according to the Post .
Advertisement
Muir replied , stating , `` Black lives matter is the biggest rasist [ sic ] organisation [ sic ] since the clan [ sic ] . Are you kidding me . Disgusting ! ! ! '' The comment has since been deleted , but a Charlottesville resident took a screenshot of the comments and alerted the university on social media .
According to the Post , the University of Virginia 's executive vice president and provost , Tom Katsouleas , in a statement issued Friday , said that they are `` disturbed and saddened '' by the comments .
“ The University of Virginia stands firmly against racism and social injustice of any kind , ” Katsouleas said . “ Statements such as Mr. Muir 's do not foster intellectual exploration , nor do they encourage the voices of others . ”
Advertisement
The same day , officials from the university 's School of Engineering and Applied Science denounced Muir 's comment as `` entirely inappropriate , '' which was followed by a statement from the Darden School of Business , which also rejeced Muir 's comments .
`` The personal comments made by University of Virginia adjunct lecturer Doug Muir on their personal social media accounts do not in any way represent the viewpoint or values of the University of Virginia Darden School of Business , '' the statement read . `` A core value of the Darden School of Business is a supportive and diverse community that encourages its members to collaborate and excel . ''
Read more at the Washington Post .
Note : By submitting this form , you agree to Third Door Media 's terms . We respect your privacy .
Google has long received mixed-to-negative criticism for its customer service — or lack thereof . But Francoise Brougher is changing all that . Perhaps the least well-known senior executive outside Google , the VP of Global Advertising and Product Operations has quietly built an impressive telephone customer support organization for Google Ads advertisers .
Telephone support for Google Ads was first announced earlier this year in April and it saw some coverage . However since that time Google has been silent about it . I spoke to Brougher roughly a week ago and was surprised to hear how large and sophisticated the operation has become .
A Thousand Reps Servicing 60 Countries
Google has invested heavily in building an organization that can address calls from 60 countries around the world . The company has more than 1,000 Google-employed customer service people divided between email and phone support . The phone reps are now handling “ more than 10,000 calls a week , ” according to Brougher . The reps are located in several regional call centers around the world .
Google is learning a great deal about its customers through these phone calls . This may seem an obvious point but it 's giving Google more insight into advertiser needs and issues than in the past . And many of these insights can be used by marketing and product development people . This offers a kind of virtuous cycle or loop between customer care and marketing and product development . Too many companies treat their customer care organizations purely as a “ cost center ” and fail to see customer service as a strategic asset with a wide range of organizational benefits .
Brougher understands very clearly the benefit of this organization for Google . They lobbied the executive team to make significant investments up front that now appear to be paying off .
“ People Like to Talk ”
One of the surprises for Google is the nature of the inquiries it 's receiving on the phone . Google has had email-based support for Google Ads for a long time but the calls coming in are qualitatively different . Calls are more expansive , friendly and less pointed . “ People like to talk , ” Brougher joked . Beyond this , they explained , calls coming from different countries are also quite different from one another , reflecting various cultural differences .
Google is encountering numerous first time small business advertisers who want education and help . ( Roughly 20 percent of the calls Google is receiving are from new advertisers . ) With telephone calls Google is in a much better position to provide small business support than with email and online tools exclusively .
Brougher is also the one who leads the group that manages Google Ads reseller relationships , Google 's network of publishers and partners that sell to small businesses . As with Google 's move into direct small business sales ( Offers , Google Ads Express ) — the customer support reps do n't do any outbound sales — the creation of this customer care organization reflects a “ cultural shift ” and maturation within Google .
I asked why Google did n't simply outsource customer service to a third party , as so many US companies do . They said that Google is able to deliver a much higher level of quality and service by having all the reps in house .
Positive ROI from Customer Service
Beyond the fact of its existence and size , most impressive perhaps is the rigor with which Google is tracking the ROI of its customer service investment . I asked Brougher about ROI because service is often a “ fuzzy ” and intangible thing that does n't map directly to the bottom line .
They outlined several ways in which Google uses data and analytics to track the efficacy of its individual reps and overall customer service effort . According to her , Google is definitely seeing a positive ROI and spending lift from advertisers touched by Google Ads customer service .
Postscript : Google contacted me to clarify that the 1,000 reps include email support people . Accordingly , they 're not all dedicated to phone support .
UPDATED : John Lasseter will direct Toy Story 4 and it will be released on June 16 , 2017 , Disney boss Bob Iger just said in the company 's earnings call with analysts . This is a bit of a shocker as the principals behind the three Disney/Pixar hits have often said there were no plans for a fourth pic in the franchise after Toy Story 3 came out in 2010 and grossed $ 1.063B worldwide , making it the top-grossing animated film of all time until Frozen overtook it earlier this year .
Lasseter , now chief creative office of Walt Disney and Pixar Animation Studios , directed the first two pics before turning over the threequel to Lee Unkrich .
( UPDATE : Disney says the story came from Lasseter , Unkrich , Andrew Stanton and Pete Docter , the Pixar veterans behind the other pics . Rashida Jones and Will McCormack , the team who penned the indie hit Celeste And Jesse Forever , have joined the project as writers . Pixar veteran Galyn Susman is producing . )
The release date had been staked out back in May when Disney unveiled targets for eight animated movies from Disney Animation and Pixar .
“ What strikes me , also , is the extent of intellectual confusion that remains. ” – Paul Krugman , Europanic 2.0
“ The problem is that Germany has continued to maintain highly competitive labor costs and run huge surpluses since the bubble burst — and that in a depressed world economy , this makes Germany a significant part of the problem. ” – Paul Krugman , German Surpluses : This Time Is Different
According to one fairly widespread ( and recently much in vogue ) theory about the Euro crisis , Germany bears a large part of the responsibility for the current mess . The view is met with a variety of responses inside the country , ranging from horror to amazement . Naturally , if the argument were simply about the way Angela Merkel has handled the crisis – no Eurobonds , no debt forgiveness , systematic fiscal austerity – then possibly some of it could be understood . But no , things go beyond that , Germany has been too successful , too competitive , and this has presented a big problem for its partners who simply have n't been able to keep up .
This deeper “ German bad ” argument can take a variety of forms . The country is said to be obsessed with austerity even though all its partners are struggling to find air , it is thought to be guilty of running excessively large current account surpluses , it is accused of not showing sufficient solidarity with its south European partners by being unwilling to run higher inflation : what is more it is said to have benefited from a kind of vendor financing procedure during the good years and then complaining when the customers ca n't pay . The list is a long one . The UK economist Simon Wren-Lewis even accuses them of having attained their hegemonic status simply by undercutting everyone else .
“ Within the Eurozone , we have a problem created by Germany undercutting pretty well every other economy in the 2000-2007 period . I am not suggesting this was a deliberate policy , but the consequences were not appreciated by any Eurozone government at the time . ”
The questionable status of this version of events was highlighted once more last weekend in a blog post by Paul Krugman ( who has been little short of prolific in their tirade against what they consider to be the bastion of theoretical stupidity in Berlin – The Harm Germany Does , More Notes On Germany , Sin and Unsinn , France 1930 , Germany 2013 , German Surpluses : This Time Is Different , Germany 's Lack of Reciprocity , Europe 's Macro Muddle ( Wonkish ) , Germany 's Sin ) .
Personally , I think that behind this whole approach there lies a major misunderstanding about just what is going on in Europe ( dare I use the word “ confusion ” ) . Why is the Germany economy falling back towards a possible recession ? Why does a country which recovered so rapidly from the global recession in need itself of stimulus ? What we need to look at is why it is that Germany itself has problems . Why it looks so much like Japan , and not the extent which it could be blamed for the obvious economic problems in Italy and France . Instead of crying to the heavens about the country 's current account surplus why do n't we ask why domestic demand is so weak . Surely not because the country is living through a “ balance sheet recession ” .
What worried me is that people are suggesting remedies – once which they admit might not even work – without getting to the heart of an adequate diagnosis . The nub of the problem is to be found in the following statement in PK 's latest post :
“ Draghi can try to get traction through quantitative easing , but it 's by no means clear that this could do the trick even under the best of circumstances — and in reality they face severe political constraints on what they can do. “
The argument we are being served up seems at best simplistic : Draghi is good , Schaüble is bad . That may be fine for those of you who like your world polarised in nice Manichean fashion , but would that things were so simple . I just spent a good deal of time writing a blogpost – The Japanisation of Europe – which tried to argue that Mario Draghi is understating the extent of the mess Europe is in , and detailing the shortcomings in their knowledge of what actually happened in Japan . I am no admirer of the intellectual corner Herr Schaüble finds themselves in , but I ca n't help feeling there is a significant element of “ good cop ” , “ bad cop ” going on here , with everyone defending the script they 've been allotted , still if you like your stories nice and simple… ..
What worries me is n't the idealisation of Mario , nor the demonification of Wolfgang , no it is n't that at all , it 's those five little words Krugman uses : “ it 's by no means clear ” . This vagueness worries me since it rings a bell in my head about a phrase they used on an earlier occassion : Japan 's “ economy wo n't always be in a liquidity trap , or at least it might not always be there. ” ( Monetary Policy In a Liquidity Trap ) . For someone who wants us to draw the conclusion that it 's the other side who are confused this vagueness is a bit rich . Does the policy they are advocating work or does n't it ? I think the guinea pigs have the right to know before giving their permission to the experiment ?
You see , it would n't be so bad if there were strong grounds for thinking that full blown QE might shock the Euro Area out of its secular stagnation , but as I 've been arguing for some time now ( see my Paul Krugman 's bicycling problem ) the logic of Paul 's argument ( that secular stagnation is ultimately the result of long term fertility trends , and the long term natural interest rate may well be permanently negative ) leads to the opposite conclusion : that it probably wo n't . And growing evidence from the application of Abenomics in Japan seems to confirm that view . To quote Martin Wolf again , “ you ca n't print babies ” .
There are lots of things wrong with the Euro Area and it 's institutions , and much needs to be done , but sending 18 countries on an experiment with consequences that would n't be benign and might not work does n't seem like exactly the best way forward if you 're not sure about what you 're doing .
Not Simply An Export Model , Germany is the most Japanised of Europe 's economies .
This whole “ German Bad ” approach is fundamentally flawed in my opinion , since while the crisis has revealed many failings in the south European economies – book cooking , corruption and conniving with money hungry developers , the presence of large and systematic extractive networks who were basically living off economic rents – the finger pointing towards their German counterparts smells all too much like saying something like “ why did they have to be so good at selling their products . ”
Simply cutting wages in the south is n't the answer ( although carrying through a more serious internal devaluation involving reducing both prices and wages might be if you want to hold the Euro together ) . But neither is making Germany less competitive .
Even the idea that Germany has done better than its partners simply by driving down wages does n't fit the facts . According to Eurostat , average hourly wages in Germany in 2013 were 31.3 Euros . In Greece they were 13.6 Euros ( and 16.7 Euros in 2008 ) , in Spain they were 21.1Euros ( and 19.4 Euros in 2008 ) , while in Italy they were 28.1 Euros ( and 25.2 Euros in 2008 ) . In fact Germany came 8th in the Euro 18 league as far as hourly salaries goes . The conclusion you should draw from this data is that Germany 's unit labour costs are low not because Germans are n't paid much , but because they are very productive , and at the end of the day , despite all the bleating about the current account this is the model other members of the Euro Area ( including France ) not only need to but are compelled to follow : high pay and high productivity . Indeed Paul Krugman more or less admits this reality :
“ So while it 's impressive that Germany can run a surplus despite quite high labor costs , and that 's a testimony to the quality of its stuff , ultimately the surplus reflects high savings relative to investment . ”
High savings relative to investment is exactly the argument Krugman uses to explain demographically driven secular stagnation : there is insufficient capex as a result of weaker domestic demand . So German savings are a symptom of something , and that something needs adequate diagnosis .
Even a cursory examination of German growth rates – the trend is now down to around 1 % – suggests that all is far from well , as do the constant relapses back towards recession . The country simply looks good because all its partners are doing so badly .
What southern Europe needs is a revolution in the mindset and more “ better quality ” stuff , and no amount of blaming Germany for the situation can get over that . The extractive networks who hold back growth need reforming out of existence .
At the same time the under-investment over-saving phenomenon that characterizes Germany bears a remarkable similarity to what has been happening in Japan , with the strange difference that these days Japan is normally sympathized with and not blamed for all the world 's ills .
The Japanisation of Europe is most evident in the creeping stagnation in the so-called core , and above all in Germany . Germany could probably help more with its short term fiscal stance , as Mario Draghi is arguing , if the others had a clearer plan , but at the moment the reform impetus in countries like Spain – unemployment still around 27 % , a 3 % fiscal deficit in Germany wo n't shave much off that – is waning severely . Shock measures to address this “ unacceptable ” unemployment is being neither contemplated or nor even discussed .
But the idea that Germany is stagnating on a temporary basis is absurd . It has been sliding to where it is now for over a decade , and short term stimulus wo n't be any kind of game changer . Nor are structural reforms likely to make that great a difference , the country has already done a lot of those . They slowed the process down – which is what structural reforms can achieve – but they could n't halt the inevitable .
You can either argue that Germany goes “ full Japanese ” and tries live on permanent fiscal injection steroids ( which clearly the country never will because that is not what its citizens want ) or you can accept that it will just have to try what Keynes recommended , and start learning to manage the consequences of population decline . Obviously there is more , much more , to be done in Southern Europe , but trying to look for the problem where it is n't help in that endeavor .
Postscript
The above arguments are developed in detail and at far greater length in my new book “ Is The Euro Crisis Really Over ? – will doing whatever it takes be enough ” – on sale in various formats – including Kindle – at Amazon .
Spring training is a week away , a time when most Major League Baseball teams have a firm idea of who will be reporting to camp . The Dodgers are doing things differently , still closely pursuing free-agent infielders Hector Olivera and Yoan Moncada .
Soon , they could join the pursuit of another Cuban star .
Pitcher Jorge Hernandez has hired a U.S.-based agent and is in the process of applying for a U.S. work visa in the Dominican Republic . Agent Charles Hairston said that Hernandez intends to hold a multi-team showcase in Arizona or Florida once he 's able .
Hernandez , a 23-year-old right-hander , has experience in parts of six seasons in Serie Nacional , Cuba 's top league . In 2012 , their most recent full season , Hernandez went 13-6 with a strong 2.78 earned-run average for Cienfuegos – the same team that produced Dodgers outfielder Yasiel Puig , shortstop Erisbel Arruebarrena and Chicago White Sox slugger Jose Abreu .
Hernandez defected from Cuba in 2013 and has n't pitched a full season in any country since . That might lead to some initial concerns about their arm strength . In November , Hernandez made three starts for Licey in the Dominican Winter League . They allowed seven hits and two earned runs in 9 2/3 innings .
Hairston believes Hernandez could contribute to a major league team at some point this season . Puig has spoken highly of Hernandez in the past and could turn the Dodgers into an interested party .
“ By the middle of April , whether he 's in the Dominican ( Republic ) or the U.S. , he 'll be ready to sign a contract , ” said Hairston , who is the cousin of former Dodgers infielder Jerry Hairston Jr .
The team that signs Hernandez wo n't face the same financial penalties attached to Moncada , who is four years younger .
Moncada 's team will be required to pay a lump-sum tax on the vast majority of their signing bonus because of MLB 's restrictions on certain international players . The signing bonus — and the tax — are estimated by various reports to be in the range of $ 30 to $ 50 million .
In addition , Moncada 's team wo n't be able to sign an international player to a bonus of more than $ 300,000 during next year 's signing period .
The Dodgers are leading the charge to sign both Moncada and Olivera . Olivera is 29 years old and wo n't have their signing bonus taxed by MLB . Both infielders have worked out for multiple teams in recent months , setting a fairly predictable framework for their first contracts .
Hernandez is more of a mystery .
Hairston said the pitcher has held only one workout since they were declared a free agent last year . That was with the San Francisco Giants in November , and neither Hernandez nor their agent at the time brought a catcher to the workout .
Hairston said that Hernandez has a fastball that touches 95-97 mph on the radar gun in addition to a forkball , slider and changeup . At 6-foot-3 and 240 pounds , Hernandez has a sturdy physique similar to Dodgers pitcher Hyun-Jin Ryu .
The Dodgers are set in their starting rotation with Ryu , Clayton Kershaw , Zack Greinke , Brandon McCarthy and Brett Anderson . But McCarthy and Anderson have battled injury concerns throughout their careers ; Anderson has made only 11 starts the last three seasons .
Hernandez is willing to wait beyond this year for their chance to join a major league rotation .
“ We want to find a place where they can call home , ” Hairston said . “ The Dodgers would be a great organization — anyone who recognizes the talent , asks them to work hard and stay humble . ”
Italy : Parliamentary barbers ' pay trimmed to 99,000 euros
The Italian parliament 's barbers are having their top pay cut to 99,000 euros ( £77,000 ) a year as part of an austerity drive .
Eyebrows were raised last year at revelations that barbers employed to keep MPs well-groomed can earn up to 136,000 euros depending on time in the job . But plans agreed by MPs ' committees in both houses of parliament mean 37,000 euros will now be shaved off this sum to save costs , Quotidiano Libero reports .
And it 's not just the barbers - the chamber of deputies ' chief of staff will see their pay drop from 480,000 euros to 360,000 , parliamentary aides from 358,000 to 240,000 and technicians from 152,000 to 106,000 . To give those affected time to adjust , the changes will be phased in over four years .
The reform has left some Italians underwhelmed . `` Even the new figures make your head spin , '' Today website comments . `` The barber of parliament will earn only 7,600 euros a month '' , one Twitter user exclaims . `` I 'm thinking of organising a collection . '' To a comment wondering why someone would need `` such a high salary '' to cut MPs ' hair , one jokes : `` 80 % do n't even have any hair . ''
Use # NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter .
Controversial White House adviser Sebastian Gorka has left their post , The Daily Beast has confirmed , conservative website The Federalist reported late Friday afternoon . Gorka said that they resigned , a move that has been rumored for months .
It comes amid a larger staff shakeup in the West Wing . In a letter obtained by The Federalist , Gorka made clear that they were less than thrilled with the staff turnover , presumably the departure of senior adviser Steve Bannon , for whom Gorka had worked at Breitbart . “ [ G ] iven recent events , it is clear to me that forces that do not support the MAGA promise are – for now – ascendant within the White House , ” Gorka wrote . “ As a result , the best and most effective way I can support you , Mr. President , is from outside the People 's House . ”
Following up on a new survey done with their subscribers , Consumer Reports is pulling the “ recommended ” rating for four Microsoft laptops they had previously reviewed . A change in recommendation is not uncommon with Consumer Reports as seen in their initial review of the 2016 MacBook Pro and it 's subsequent reversal .
The internet was set ablaze on both sides when CR could not initially give the 2016 MacBook Pro a recommendation . It was the first year that the MacBook had not received the recommendation and Apple was prompt to reply . After CR worked with Apple to solve a bug discovered with Safari during testing , the company was able to once again give the MacBook Pro a recommendation .
The reversal for Microsoft 's devices comes after the Consumer Reports National Research Center estimated that “ 25 percent of Microsoft laptops and tablets will present their owners with problems by the end of the second year of ownership ” . CR notes that the estimated breakage rate “ was higher than most other brands ' ” .
Today 's reversal from CR with four separate Microsoft laptops and tablets is not in a direction that Microsoft would be happy with . Microsoft shared a statement to CR in an email saying “ Microsoft 's real-world return and support rates for past models differ significantly from Consumer Reports ' breakage predictability . We do n't believe these findings accurately reflect Surface owners ' true experiences or capture the performance and reliability improvements made with every Surface generation . ”
CR explains that solely based on the lab performance , the Surface Pro is “ highly rated when used either as a tablet or with a keyboard attached ” . The issue comes down to the product 's reliability . By surveying their subscribers , Consumer Reports saw a number of the responders who shared issues with their Microsoft devices during startups . The data comes from a 90,741 tablet and laptop subscribers who bought a new machine between 2014 and early 2017 . Consumer Reports says that because Microsoft is new to the hardware business , this is the first year they have had enough data to estimate predicted reliability .
The laptops that have lost their previous recommendations are the Microsoft Surface Laptop ( 128GB and 256GB ) and the Microsoft Surface Book ( 128GB and 512GB ) .
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news :
The legal and illegal population of foreign-born immigrants living in America will break a 100-year-old record in just six years — and will continue to smash records for the rest of the century , according to a new analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data .
Already 13.5 percent of the U.S. population , immigrants will surge to 15 percent in 2023 , according to Steven Camarota , the director of research for the Center for Immigration Studies .
At a conference to discuss the impact of immigration on public schools , they said `` the share will hit 15 percent in just six years and that will surpass the all-time high in the United States reached in 1890 . ''
And if unchecked , they added , `` the share is projected to increase throughout much of this century . ''
The surge comes as President Trump is planning to cut the number of illegal immigrants in the country and crossing the border , but so far has n't indicated if they will brake the larger number of legal immigrants entering the U.S .
It also takes place with a nation divided over what it expects of immigrants , with liberals eager for them to embrace their own heritage and others hopeful for immigrants assimilate into America .
The CIS panel discussion focused on assimilation and a report from Camarota showing how huge concentrations of immigrant students have overtaken the population of native born American school children in many urban and suburban areas .
`` In a very real sense , America is headed into unchartered territory on immigration , the share who are immigrants who are foreign born will be at a level we have never seen , '' they said .
When it comes to what the nation expects of its immigrants , Camarota cited those who believe in multiculturalism .
`` The idea is that there is no American culture . Immigrants instead should retain their identity and America should accommodate the new arrivals rather than the new arrivals largely accommodating themselves to American culture , '' they said .
They noted that many Americans have a `` robust idea of assimilation , '' and even polls show that immigrants should adopt American culture .
But in that divide , overshadowed by political correctness , they concluded , `` There no longer exists a clear understanding of what we want from immigrants . ''
Paul Bedard , the Washington Examiner 's `` Washington Secrets '' columnist , can be contacted at pbedard @ washingtonexaminer.com
When the Washington Nationals shut down Stephen Strasburg prior to the 2012 postseason , they believed doing so was in the best interest of their long-term health . More than three years later , they 're about to be proven correct : Strasburg , 27 , is poised to be the top free-agent pitcher in the 2016 class .
In that sense , the Nationals have preserved their future earning potential — very possibly with another team .
Article continues below ...
Strasburg 's agent , Scott Boras , confirmed to FOX Sports on Monday that the sides are n't in active talks about a contract extension as spring training begins . It 's highly unlikely that will change before the season is over .
“ We amicably agreed to a one-year deal ( for 2016 ) , ” Boras said . “ He 's going to pitch , and we 'll see where it goes from there . It 's something we 'll be discussing at the end of the year . ”
Among pitchers to throw at least 500 innings over the past three seasons , Strasburg ranks 11th in adjusted ERA , according to research through Baseball-Reference.com .
“ The Nationals have done a great job with him , ” Boras said . “ They 've listened to the doctors , and all you can ask of a team is that they listen to the doctors . They have . Stephen and the team have benefited from that . ”
Strasburg 's 127-1/3 innings in 2015 – they battled neck and oblique strains — were their fewest since returning from Tommy John surgery in 2011 . Still , there 's reason to believe they can surpass the 200-inning mark this year , for what would be the second time . Boras said Strasburg is fully recovered from minor surgery in October to remove a non-cancerous growth from their back , which had bothered the right-hander while pitching ; Boras said Strasburg 's offseason workouts have been completely normal since .
Former Boynton Beach police officer Michael Arco will avoid prosecution on misconduct charges in exchange for relinquishing their law enforcement license , according to terms approved Tuesday in Palm Beach County Circuit Court .
The same `` pre-trial intervention '' deal was signed last month with Michael Mulcahy , another former officer who was accused with Arco of lying about an arrest , said Assistant State Attorney Michael Dutko .
Arco , 27 , and Mulcahy , 30 , were arrested in August 2011 after an internal police investigation determined they lied about the details of a November 2010 arrest they made at the Golden Sands Inn on Southeast 21st Avenue .
Mulcahy and Arco wrote in their reports they knocked on the door of an armed robbery suspect 's motel room and arrested them as they tried to back away . But their sergeant , who was suspicious of their story because of previous lies , talked to the motel manager , who said they unlocked the door at the officers ' request , according to a Palm Beach County State Attorney 's Office report .
Arco , who was hired in 2005 and resigned months before their arrest because of work-related injuries , was charged with one count of official misconduct and one count of written perjury . They faced up to five years in prison on the misconduct charge .
The agreements with the officers mean the charges can be dismissed in one year if they stay out of trouble .
OVERLAND PARK , Kan. ( BUSINESS WIRE ) , August 01 , 2016 - For customers traveling to Brazil to show their patriotic pride and watch their favorite sporting events this August for the Rio games , Sprint ( NYSE : S ) Open World currently offers unlimited talk and text throughout the country and now , for a limited time , also includes unlimited high-speed data during the games.1
Qualified Sprint customers on domestic plans with capable phones may add Sprint Open World to their Sprint plan for no extra charge simply by visiting www.sprint.com/openworld or going to a local Sprint store.2
Year-round , customers traveling to Latin America can enjoy unlimited talk , text and 1GB of high-speed data as part of Sprint Open World . In addition to Brazil , destinations eligible for Sprint Open World with these rates are Argentina , Bolivia , Canada , Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , Dominican Republic , Easter Island , Ecuador , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico , Nicaragua , Panama , Paraguay , Peru , Uruguay and Venezuela . In more than 120 additional destinations , customers can enjoy unlimited text , talk for only $ 0.20/minute , and high-speed data at $ .03/MB .
“ Summer travel is in full swing with many tourists heading to Brazil to take part in the biggest international sporting event of the year , ” said Roger Solé , Sprint chief marketing officer . “ Customers want to stay connected with friends and family as they travel abroad . With Sprint , they wo n't have to worry about high roaming charges or costly add-on fees . ”
Customers can learn more about Sprint Open World or other international calling options by browsing www.sprint.com/openworld , visiting a Sprint or RadioShack store or calling 1-800-SPRINT1 .
About Sprint
Sprint ( NYSE : S ) is a communications services company that creates more and better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most . Sprint served more than 59.4 million connections as of June 30 , 2016 , and is widely recognized for developing , engineering and deploying innovative technologies , including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United States ; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA , Boost Mobile , and Assurance Wireless ; instant national and international push-to-talk capabilities ; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone . Sprint has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index ( DJSI ) North America for the past five years . You can learn more and visit Sprint at www.sprint.com or www.facebook.com/sprint and www.twitter.com/sprint .
1Unlimited data is in Brazil for a limited time : Aug. 1-31 .
2 Requires GSM and LTE capable device . Primary usage must occur on the U.S. Sprint network .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160801006056/en/
Story by Brett Roegiers , CNN
Fumiya has learned to sleep with a blanket over their face to block out the fluorescent lights that stay on all night . Unable to afford an apartment in Tokyo , they have been living in an Internet cafe for nearly a year .
At 26 , they are part of Japan 's struggling working class . Temporary workers with little job security now make up more than a third of the country 's labor force , according to government statistics .
People like Fumiya , who asked that their last name not be used to protect their privacy , have been hit hard by the recession in Japan .
Their story illustrates the economic crisis photographer Shiho Fukada has been covering since 2009 . A native of Tokyo , they had been living in New York for 10 years when they started a documentary project with funding from the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting .
“ For a long time , Japan has been associated with prosperity and a vast middle class supported by stable lifetime employment , ” Fukada said . “ That 's the country I knew and grew up in . ”
But upon returning , they sensed that employees were becoming increasingly disposable in the world 's third largest economy . Companies looking to cut costs had replaced full-time jobs with low-paid temp positions .
As a result , some of the people without enough money to pay rent have been sleeping in Internet cafes .
At a discounted monthly rate of about 1,920 yen ( $ 21 ) a day , the 24-hour cafes offer private rooms with computers , reclining chairs , and an endless supply of coffee and soft drinks . Shared bathrooms and laundry service are also included .
“ Though they are provided with necessities , I thought it was like living in a coffin – small and dark , ” Fukada said . “ It is really uncomfortable to stay in a tiny space like that for a long time . ”
It took their three years to convince the owner of one of the Internet cafes to grant their access to its residents . They say they eventually agreed because they believed their business was helping people who would otherwise be living on the streets .
According to a 2007 study from Japan 's Ministry of Health , Labor and Welfare , an average of 60,900 people spent the night in an Internet cafe on any given day . Of those , an estimated 5,400 were long-term residents .
Fukada says it 's important to look beyond the numbers . Through their work , they hope to reveal a glimpse into the lives of the people being affected by the global economic downturn .
“ One thing has become clear to me over time , especially in the current financial crisis , ” they said . “ No matter the job , most of us no longer have job security . Our labor is replaceable . ”
( CNN ) Nestled in between the crumbling buildings that line the ancient streets of Amman lies a haven for book lovers that is open 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
The al-Maa Bookstore ( or Mahall al-Maa in Arabic ) is owned by Hamzeh AlMaaytah , a fourth-generation book seller .
Opened as Al-Jahith 's Treasury in the 1890s by AlMaaytah 's grandfather , in 1948 the family business moved from Jerusalem to Amman , where it became the Jordanian capital 's first lending library and was managed by AlMaaytah 's father , Mamduh AlMaaytah .
`` Every day I would return to find my father asleep with a book on their chest . It was as if they had an exam every day . They were a lover of books , '' AlMaaytah , 36 , tells CNN .
New chapter
Currently , al-Jahith 's Treasury has three branches in downtown Amman , owned by AlMaaytah and their brothers . AlMaaytah 's branch , nearby the Roman Nymphaeum , is in the original spot that their father relocated to .
In 2016 , AlMaaytah decided to split from the family brand and renamed their store al-Maa -- meaning `` water '' -- to better represent their philosophy : that books are as important to life as water , and should be just as accessible .
As such , they refuse to price-tag any of their books , telling customers : `` Take a book and read . Pay any price you please . ''
Hamzeh AlMaaytah runs a 24/7 bookstore in Jordan 's capital , Amman .
`` I scrapped the idea of ( dealing with ) books as a commercial enterprise because the issue is bigger than that , '' they tell CNN . `` My idea is to make books available to everyone , even if I have to make them free . ''
To some , their store 's thousands of books and ancient manuscripts may look worn and old but AlMaaytah is unfazed by their tomes ' physical condition .
`` It 's a second-hand bookstore that takes the words 'second hand ' very seriously , '' Alan Elbaum , who discovered AlMaaytah 's store while studying Arabic in Jordan , tells CNN .
`` No matter how bad a ( condition ) a book is in , or even if it 's a fragment ( of a book ) , they put it in a special box because they know someone might need that page 100 years from now . ''
Cave of books
Elbaum says they were initially astonished by AlMaaytah 's `` cave of books . ''
`` It just looked like it was from a different age but they welcomed me and spoke in the most eloquent Arabic . ''
Alan Elbaum , who discovered al-Maa Bookstore while studying in Jordan , tells CNN they were astonished by AlMaaytah 's `` cave of books . ''
`` Somehow the human connection was there from the first moment . They welcome you with such deep joy and really feels delighted that you are there , no matter who you are , '' Elbaum says .
`` He 's one of the most original and creative thinkers I know and almost entirely self-taught . ''
AlMaaytah offers visitors tea , and sparks up debates on poetry and literary theory .
`` This is a home for people from different factions , with different opinions , and it is a wonderful intellectual meeting point . There is acceptance of other ideas , '' AlMaaytah says .
AlMaaytah welcomes visitors with tea , and sparks debates on poetry and literary theory .
Their passion is n't limited to their own store .
Over the past 17 years , AlMaaytah has experimented with new ways to promote reading . He 's held seven successful book fairs in different cities and universities across Jordan and hopes to expand this initiative into refugee camps .
A labyrinth of literature
Much of AlMaaytah 's stock is displayed on the sidewalk .
At AlMaaytah 's shop , the bulk of their stock is laid out on the sidewalk . Other tomes are sheltered by a Bedouin tent , while an extremely cosy indoor area houses the rest of the books .
It is inside that AlMaaytah keeps their most prized possessions -- family heirlooms and rare books or manuscripts .
`` The store takes many different forms , '' Elbaum says . `` In good weather , people will sit outside . Sometimes it 's a labyrinth , sometimes it 's a big open area with an armchair . There are musical gatherings , or poetry readings . ''
There are some books , however , that AlMaaytah refuses to stock , such as those that encourage hatred , including anti-Semitism , or promote `` conspiracies '' .
They also run a philanthropic exchange , where anyone can borrow or swap a book for 1 dinar ( $ 1.41 ) .
`` That 's part of Hamzeh 's soul . He 's not a merchant , or a bookseller in their heart . Which does make it difficult to run a bookstore , '' Elbaum says .
A place the Middle East 'ca n't afford to lose '
In 2016 , due to a combination of economic conditions in Jordan , and a sudden illness that left AlMaaytah unable to work for several months , al-Maa came close to closure .
It really is one of my favorite places in the world -- a place that the Middle East ca n't afford to lose . Alan Elbaum , customer
`` I felt pretty depressed for a few weeks after finding out , '' Elbaum says . `` It really is one of my favorite places in the world -- a place that the Middle East ca n't afford to lose . ''
Realizing that others might feel the same way , Elbaum started a campaign on crowd-sourcing website Indiegogo to raise $ 15,000 . By April this year , they had received nearly $ 18,000 in donations from scholars , students and tourists -- some who had n't even visited the store .
Recently the store raised nearly $ 18,000 after a crowd-sourcing campaign was set up to save the store from permanent closure .
AlMaaytah hopes to use that money to spread knowledge of books and promote literary culture in the Middle East , even taking book fairs into prisons and into remote communities via bicycle or donkey carts .
Elbaum says the money will also be used to renovate and expand the store , so that AlMaaytah can host events there and perhaps open a museum for rare Arabic books .
In the meantime , AlMaaytah says he 'll continue to fight for the written word in print .
AlMaaytah believes books are as important to life as water , and should be just as accessible .
`` When we read from the screen I believe that a person can not remember the information -- but when they read from a book , the reader does n't forget , '' says AlMaaytah , adding that society needs to `` rekindle its respect '' for books .
`` Can you imagine all this knowledge just disappearing ? '' they say , referring to their dusty tomes . `` It would be a big problem . ''
Lowest Ratings SORT BY : | The Highest Ratings 11 Reviews . Average Rating : 4.7 of 5 Stars ! 5 stars : 73 % ( 8 of 11 ) 4 stars : 28 % ( 3 of 11 ) 3 stars : 0 % ( of 11 ) 2 stars : 0 % ( of 11 ) 1 star : 0 % ( of 11 ) Display All Reviews By : Richard S on 09/21/2018 Rating : 4 of 5 Stars !
Great looking gun ( minus one peening blemish ) and a good shooter . The ammo can is a nice feature and easily modifiable to allow storage of more magazines , weapon light , etc . My only gripe is that when Beretta USA peened the top of the slide to retain a pin , they did so in very ugly manner compared to how Italian Beretta 92 , M9 , etc . slides are peened . But other than that I love my M9A3 . Reviewed By : James A on 03/24/2018 Rating : 5 of 5 Stars !
This is a huge improvement over an already reliable , great firearm . I own an M9 and the M9A3 is awesome . Reviewed By : Dexter W on 03/09/2018 Rating : 5 of 5 Stars !
I wanted this gun since the first time I saw it . Had a chance to take it out to the range last weekend and put 300 rounds through it . Very soft recoil and follow-up shots were on target . Love the look of the pistol and buds is always a pleasure to do business with . Reviewed By : Rafael V on 03/06/2018 Rating : 4 of 5 Stars !
Nice pistol , but you need to get use to the sights . Reviewed By : THOMAS C on 01/28/2018 Rating : 5 of 5 Stars !
Haven\'t had this for long but I can\'t get enough of it . The most accurate semi-automatic pistol I\ 've ever had the pleasure to shoot . Fits my hand like a glove , tritium sights make for quick target aquisition . It\ 's quite a conversation piece at the range , impressive packaging too . If you\ 're a Beretta fan , you can\'t go wrong here . Now I\ 'm always ammo shopping ... Reviewed By : Ron M on 01/18/2018 Rating : 5 of 5 Stars !
This handgun is exactly as described and it is what I expected . The grip is sized perfectly for my hand . I was disappointed at the “ finish ” on the extractor pinhole on the top of the slide . The grinding looks crude . All else is great . Reviewed By : Jonathan H on 12/12/2017 Rating : 5 of 5 Stars !
Have yet to shoot it but received it on time and nothing was wrong with the gun . The only complaint is with my ffl dealer . I waited around a week and they told me i had to still wait for the pistol . Not only that they charged me 35 instead of 30 for the fee . Reviewed By : John C on 10/27/2017 Rating : 5 of 5 Stars !
After over a year on a wait list , I received an email note that the M9A3 was in stock and ordered the same day . In about a week I picked up the firearm at my FFL and was on the range the following day with the included larger grips installed . Great fit and finish . Ate several different brands of ammo without a hiccup . As accurate as my M9A1 , but includes a better trigger and ready for a silencer when my state lifts the restrictions . All my magazines for the M9A1 fit flawlessly in the new model . Accuracy was great . Out of the box , no additions or mods I was able to record a 271 and 283 out of 300 , Lots of interest from the crew at the range . Great purchase . Reviewed By : Brett J on 10/26/2017 Rating : 5 of 5 Stars !
I have been waiting for an M9A3 to become available . Once I found one on Buds , it was shipped quick ! ! Great Beretta ! Love the gun ! Would absolutely recommend this fine firearm to anyone looking for something a little different than the standard M9 . My only grip is the the rear sight had fallen off in transport . It was laying loose in the plastic ammo can box . I was able to easily reinstall it and tap it in place . Other than that , it 's an outstanding pistol that I 'm sure I 'll love for years to come ! ! Reviewed By : Raymond E on 04/18/2017 Rating : 5 of 5 Stars !
Received the item and is better than I hoped . Solid firearm with 3 17 round mags and the night sights are great as well . Highly recommend this pistol Show More Reviews
My name is Andrés Iniesta and my only mistake was having the exact name and last name as a famous football player .
This is what happened :
I am a father who likes to take pictures of their kids , yummy food and interesting buildings in Madrid . I usually share them on Instagram with friends and family .
But four days ago and without previous notice , Instagram decided to close my account . The reason was that I “ infringed the Terms of Use ” .
So I decided to carefully read the Terms of Use and once I made sure I had n't done any wrong doings , I proceeded to contact them through their @ instagram twitter handle .
No response .
The next day I contacted them again through a different support account : @ instagramhelp . And…
No response either .
All this happened while I was away on holidays , so I did n't give it too much attention and enjoyed my days off . But once I noticed that time was passing by and still had n't received any response from Instagram , I began to worry .
A friend and follower suggested that maybe my account was being hacked in order to steal my username @ ainiesta . But I thought to myself : “ Who would do that ? ” .
A couple days later , other followers reported that suddenly Andrés Iniesta the football player appeared on their “ following ” list . And they do n't even like football ! .
Seeing that things were getting weirder , I tried to contact Instagram again , this time through their Facebook contact form .
No response either .
Today , as I 'm returning home from holidays , all my friends called me saying that they were seeing updates on their timelines from the other Andrés Iniesta , not mine .
I still don´t know what to do
It 's clear that my account has been “ stolen ” , but I do n't imagine Iniesta the player being behind this himself . Probably this has to do with their PR or Community Management agency . And worst of all , Instagram has definitely contributed to this situation .
I consider that my rights ( we still have some on the internet ) have been violated somehow . I have n't done anything wrong and have lost not only my pictures , but being able to share important moments with my friends and family .
What pains me is that all of this has happened without any explanation , not even a Twitter response from Instagram .
I 'm not a celebrity , and I do n't want to be one . I just do n't like things being taken away from me .
Thanks for reading . I 'd appreciate if you could share this , maybe it reaches Instagram and they decide to fix this mess .
Andrés Iniesta ( not a famous football player )
UPDATE :
5 hours after writing this article , my account has been restored , but still no news from Instagram about what happened or an apology .
UPDATE 2 :
The player agency has contacted me and promised me that they had nothing to do with this problem .
Make it clear that I have NEVER blamed the player .
The resolution :
This afternoon ( July 21 ) , the Communications Manager of Instagram Gabe Madway contact me to apologize for what happened . As I say in twitter :
Better late than never
They told me :
I want to sincerely apologize for the trouble we caused you by deactivating your Instagram account by mistake .
It was an error on our part , pure and simple . We inadvertently identified your account as an impersonator — even though it obviously is not . As soon as we were made aware of the mistake we reactivated your account . We 're working to put in place new internal processes so that this does n't happen again . I also want to make clear that neither the soccer player Andrés Iniesta , nor their representatives , had anything to do with this incident .
I know you also made multiple attempts to reach Instagram to get an explanation , without success . Nothing is more important to us than our community , and there 's no excuse for our failure to be responsive in what I know was a very frustrating experience . For that we also apologize .
I response him :
Thank you so much for that .
I think the big problem was not getting any feedback from Instagram . Three days without any kind of communication it´s too much time . Besides , seeing all my followers went to the account of the football player … it was all very strange .
To which they replied :
I can imagine that it was very frustrating trying to reach us , and we 're taking a look internally at what happened so we can make sure it does n't get repeated .
Conclusions
Ok , I like to consider myself a good person , so I accepted the apology of instagram . And I would like to apologize to Andrés Iniesta and MBD ( the PR agency ) about the confusion .
I think if Instagram had responded in time all this could have been avoided .
P.D : Thanks to all who are supporting me and special thanks to Pablo Dominguez ( @ tinybigstudio ) for helping me out with the translation
With few playoff spots remaining as the regular season winds down , this week 's `` On the Fly '' roundtable focuses on teams outside the postseason picture that have a solid chance of recovering and making the dance next year .
Florida Panthers
Josh Gold-Smith : The Panthers had so many things go right for them last season and over the summer that it appeared they 'd have no problem taking a step forward in 2016-17 . That obviously did n't happen , as injuries to their top two scorers , their best defenseman , and their veteran starter in goal helped derail a club that enjoyed its best season in franchise history one year ago .
Still , there will be reasons for optimism in Sunrise as they look to start fresh next fall . Jonathan Huberdeau , Aleksander Barkov , Aaron Ekblad , and Roberto Luongo likely wo n't all suffer significant injuries again , and if the aging Luongo does get hurt once more , James Reimer has proven to be a more than capable starter when he 's not getting banged up himself .
Florida has its core locked up long term , and it remains a promising group that was in the playoff mix earlier this season before all of the injuries and a controversial coaching change .
Panthers management should n't overreact to this disappointing campaign . This club is talented enough to get right back in the postseason next spring .
Winnipeg Jets
Navin Vaswani : I say it every year around this time : Imagine Winnipeg had a goalie .
Poor play at the position has torpedoed yet another Jets season , and this one feels more painful because Mark Scheifele exploded , Patrik Laine scored all those goals , and Blake Wheeler was , well , Blake Wheeler .
The Jets are a damn talented squad , with five players hitting the 50-point mark on the season . If Bryan Little and Mathieu Perreault are healthy , they make it seven . Only problem is , none of those guys play goal .
Only the Avalanche have allowed more goals than the Jets this season , and at this point , Colorado 's barely an NHL team . Allowing 3.15 goals a game , the Jets rank 28th in the league . Also 28th , their 76.7 percent penalty-killing rate . Simply not good enough .
Connor Hellebuyck has a .905 save percentage in 54 games . Awful . Michael Hutchinson 's at .902 in 27 games . Horrific . Let 's not even bother with Ondrej Pavelec .
Here 's what the Jets have been dealing with in the crease since returning to Winnipeg .
Season SV % Rank Playoffs 2016-17 * .898 28th Ni 2015-16 .903 T-26th No 2014-15 .913 T-10th Yes 2013-14 .907 T-22nd No 2012-13 .901 T-21st No 2011-12 .902 25th Ni
* 2016-17 stats do n't include Thursday 's action
This is n't hard to figure out : The one year the Jets had some NHL-caliber goaltending , they made the playoffs .
Ben Bishop and Ryan Miller are free agents this summer . Hell , even Jonathan Bernier looks like a great option at this point . The Jets will land one of the three in free agency to stop the insanity , and playoff hockey will return to Winnipeg in 2018 .
Philadelphia Flyers
Sean O'Leary : It feels like an eternity ago that the Flyers were being mentioned in the same breath as their Metropolitan Division competitors , but that was the case after Philadelphia won 10 consecutive games in December .
Much has changed since - the Flyers have dropped off dramatically , holding onto slim postseason hopes as they sit four points back of a wild-card position .
While the second half of the season has been a huge disappointment in the City of Brotherly Love , the Flyers still own the tools to contend in the future . Captain Claude Giroux admitted offseason hip surgery has hurt their game , and Philly still boasts two of the most underrated producers in the NHL in Jakub Voracek and Wayne Simmonds .
During Ron Hextall 's tenure as general manager , the Flyers have drafted well - namely Travis Konecny and Ivan Provorov , who have already emerged as key pieces on the roster . Bolstering the blue line and making an improvement in goal are necessities for Hextall in the offseason , but the Flyers could be closer to a return to the postseason than you may think .
( Photos courtesy : Action Images )
When you raise the subject of over-eating and obesity , you often see people at their worst . The comment threads discussing these issues reveal a legion of bullies , who appear to delight in other people 's problems .
When alcoholism and drug addiction are discussed , the tone tends to be sympathetic . When obesity is discussed , the conversation is dominated by mockery and blame , though the evidence suggests that it can be driven by similar forms of addiction ( citations 1,2,3,4 ) . I suspect that much of this mockery is a coded form of snobbery : the strong association between poor diets and poverty allows people to use this issue as a cipher for something else they want to say , which is less socially acceptable .
But this problem belongs to all of us . Even if you can detach yourself from the suffering caused by diseases arising from bad diets , you will carry the cost , as a growing proportion of the health budget will be used to address them . The cost – measured in both human suffering and money – could be far greater than we imagined . A large body of evidence now suggests that Alzheimer 's is primarily a metabolic disease . Some scientists have gone so far as to rename it . They call it diabetes type 3 .
New Scientist carried this story on its cover this September ( 5 ) : since then I 've been sitting in the library trying to discover whether it stands up . I 've now read dozens of papers on the subject , testing my cognitive powers to the limit as I 've tried to get to grips with brain chemistry . While the story is by no means complete , the evidence so far is compelling .
Around 35 million people suffer from Alzheimer 's disease worldwide ( 6 ) ; current projections , based on the rate at which the population ages , suggest that this will rise to 100 million by 2050 ( 7 ) . But if , as many scientists now believe , it is caused largely by the brain 's impaired response to insulin , the numbers could rise much further . In the US , the percentage of the population with diabetes type 2 , which is strongly linked to obesity , has almost trebled in 30 years ( 8 ) . If Alzheimer 's , or “ diabetes type 3 ” , goes the same way , the potential for human suffering is incalculable .
Insulin is the hormone which prompts the liver , muscles and fat to absorb sugar from the blood . Diabetes 2 is caused by excessive blood glucose , resulting either from a deficiency of insulin produced by the pancreas , or resistance to its signals by the organs which would usually take up the glucose .
SPONSORED
The association between Alzheimer 's and diabetes 2 is long-established : type 2 sufferers are two to three times more likely to be struck by this dementia than the general population ( 9 ) . There are also associations between Alzheimer 's and obesity ( 10 ) and Alzheimer 's and metabolic syndrome ( a complex of diet-related pathologies ) ( 11 ) .
Researchers first proposed that Alzheimer 's was another form of diabetes in 2005 . The authors of the original paper investigated the brains of 54 corpses , 28 of which belonged to people who had died of the disease ( 12 ) . They found that the levels of both insulin and insulin-like growth factors in the brains of Alzheimer 's patients were sharply reduced by comparison to those in the brains of people who had died of other causes . Levels were lowest in the parts of the brain most affected by the disease .
Their work led them to conclude that insulin and insulin-like growth factor are produced not only in the pancreas but also in the brain . Insulin in the brain has a host of functions : as well as glucose metabolism , it helps to regulate the transmission of signals from one nerve cell to another , and affects their growth , plasticity and survival ( 13,14 ) .
Experiments conducted since then appear to support the link between diet and dementia ( 15,16,17,18 ) , and researchers have begun to propose potential mechanisms . In common with all brain chemistry , these tend to be fantastically complex , involving , among other impacts , inflammation , stress caused by oxidation , the accumulation of one kind of brain protein and the transformation of another ( 19,20,21,22 ) . I would need the next six pages of this paper even to begin to explain them , and would doubtless get it wrong ( if you 're interested , please follow the links on my website ) .
Plenty of research still needs to be done . But if the current indications are correct , Alzheimer 's disease could be another catastrophic impact of the junk food industry , and the worst discovered so far . Our governments , as they are in the face of all our major crises , appear to be incapable of responding .
In this country as in many others , the government 's answer to the multiple disasters caused by the consumption of too much sugar and fat is to call on both companies and consumers to regulate themselves . Before they were replaced by someone even worse , the former health secretary , Andrew Lansley , handed much of the responsibility for improving the nation 's diet to food and drinks companies : a strategy that would work only if they volunteered to abandon much of their business ( 23,24 ) .
A scarcely-regulated food industry can engineer its products – loading them with fat , salt , sugar and high fructose corn syrup – to bypass the neurological signals which would otherwise prompt people to stop eating ( 25 ) . It can bombard both adults and children with advertising . It can ( as we discovered yesterday ) use the freedoms granted to academy schools to sell the chocolate , sweets and fizzy drinks now banned from sale in maintained schools ( 26 ) . It can kill the only effective system ( the traffic light label ) for informing people how much fat , sugar and salt their food contains . Then it can turn to the government and blame consumers for eating the products it sells . This is class war : a war against the poor fought by the executive class in government and industry .
We can not yet state unequivocally that poor diet is a leading cause of Alzheimer 's disease , though we can say that the evidence is strong and growing . But if ever there was a case for the precautionary principle , here it is . It 's not as if we lose anything by eating less rubbish . Averting a possible epidemic of this devastating disease means taking on the bullies : those who mock people for their pathologies and those who spread the pathologies by peddling a lethal diet .
References :
1 . Caroline Davis et al , 2011 . Evidence that ‘ food addiction ' is a valid phenotype of obesity . Appetite Vol . 57 , pp711–717 . doi:10.1016/j.appet.2011.08.017
2 . Paul J. Kenny , November 2011 . Common cellular and molecular mechanisms in obesity and drug addiction . Nature Neuroscience , Vol . 12 , pp 638-651. doi:10.1038/nrn3105
3 . Joseph Frascella et al , 2010 . Shared brain vulnerabilities open the way for nonsubstance addictions : Carving addiction
at a new joint ? Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences , Vol . 1187 , pp294–315 .
doi : 10.1111/j.1749-6632.2009.05420.x
4 . Ashley N. Gearhardt et al , 2010 . Can food be addictive ? Public health and policy implications . Addiction , 106 , 1208–1212 . ad . d_3301 1208 .. 1212
doi:10.1111/j.1360-0443.2010.03301.x
5 . Bijal Trivedi , 1st September 2012 . Eat Your Way to Dementia . New Scientist .
6 . SÃ³nia C. Correia et al , 2011 . Insulin-resistant brain state : The culprit in sporadic Alzheimer 's disease ? Ageing Research Reviews Vol . 10 , 264–273 . doi:10.1016/j.arr.2011.01.001
7 . Fabio Copped ` e et al , 2012 . Nutrition and Dementia . Current Gerontology and Geriatrics Research , Vol . 2012 , pp1-3 .
doi:10.1155/2012/926082
8 . See the graph in Bijal Trivedi , 1st September 2012 . Eat Your Way to Dementia . New Scientist .
9 . Johanna Zemva and Markus Schubert , September 2011 . Central Insulin and Insulin-Like Growth Factor-1 Signaling – Implications for Diabetes Associated Dementia . Current Diabetes Reviews , Vol.7 , No.5 , pp356-366 . doi.org/10.2174/157339911797415594
10 . Eg Weili Xu et al , 2011 . Midlife overweight and obesity increase late life dementia risk : a population-based twin study . Neurology , Vol . 76 , no . 18 , pp.1568–1574 .
11 . M. Vanhanen et al , 2006 . Association of metabolic syndrome with Alzheimer disease : A population-based study . Neurology , vol . 67 , pp.843–847 .
12 . Eric Steen et al , 2005 . Impaired insulin and insulin-like growth factor expression and signaling mechanisms in Alzheimer 's disease – is this type 3 diabetes ? .
Journal of Alzheimer 's Disease , Vol . 7 , pp.63–80 .
13 . Konrad Talbot et al , 2012 . Demonstrated brain insulin resistance in Alzheimer 's disease patients is associated with IGF-1 resistance , IRS-1 dysregulation , and cognitive decline . The Journal of Clinical Investigation , Vol.122 , No.4 , pp.1316–1338 . doi:10.1172/JCI59903 .
14 . Naoki Yamamoto et al , 2012 . Brain insulin resistance accelerates AÎ² fibrillogenesis by inducing GM1 ganglioside clustering in the presynaptic membranes . Journal of Neurochemistry , Vol . 121 , 619–628 . doi : 10.1111/j.1471-4159.2012.07668.x
15 . Eg :
Wei-Qin Zhao and Matthew Townsend , 2009 . Insulin resistance and amyloidogenesis as common molecular foundation for type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer 's disease .
Biochimica et Biophysica Acta , Vol.1792 , pp.482–496 . doi.org/10.1016/j.bbadis.2008.10.014 ,
16 . SÃ³nia C. Correia et al , 2011 . Insulin-resistant brain state : The culprit in sporadic Alzheimer 's disease ? Ageing Research Reviews Vol . 10 , 264–273 . doi:10.1016/j.arr.2011.01.001
17 . T. Ohara et al , 2011 . Glucose tolerance status and risk of dementia in the community , the Hisayama study . Neurology , Vol . 77 , pp.1126–1134 .
18 . Karen Neumann et al , 2008 . Insulin resistance and Alzheimer 's disease : molecular links & clinical implications . Current Alzheimer Research , Vol.5 , no.5 , pp438–447 .
19 . Eg : Lap Ho et al , 2012 . Insulin Receptor Expression and Activity in the Brains of
Nondiabetic Sporadic Alzheimer 's Disease Cases . International Journal of Alzheimer 's Disease , Volume 2012. doi:10.1155/2012/321280
20 . Suzanne M. de la Monte , 2012 . Contributions of Brain Insulin Resistance and Deficiency in Amyloid-Related Neurodegeneration in Alzheimer 's Disease . Drugs , Vol . 72 , no.1 , pp . 49-66. doi : 10.2165/11597760
21 . Ying Liu et al , 2011 . Deficient brain insulin signalling pathway in Alzheimer 's disease and diabetes . Journal of Pathology , Vol . 225 , pp.54–62 . doi : 0.1002/path.2912
22 . Konrad Talbot et al , 2012 . Demonstrated brain insulin resistance in Alzheimer 's disease patients is associated with IGF-1 resistance , IRS-1 dysregulation , and cognitive decline . The Journal of Clinical Investigation , Vol.122 , No.4 , pp.1316–1338 . doi:10.1172/JCI59903 .
23 . //www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2010/nov/12/government-health-deal-business
24 . //www.guardian.co.uk/society/2012/apr/14/obesity-crisis-doctors-fastfood-deals-ban
25 . //www.guardian.co.uk/business/2012/jun/11/why-our-food-is-making-us-fat
26 . //www.guardian.co.uk/education/2012/sep/10/junk-food-academy-schools-claims
Deputy Health Minister Yaakov Litzman , who is ultra-Orthodox , left a conference on child safety yesterday when a schoolgirls ' choir took to the stage . Many Haredi men refrain from being present when women sing .
Litzman 's decision to leave the event , at which they were a guest of honor , follows controversy in the army , over requiring religious soldiers to attend official events featuring female singers .
The girls ' choir in action yesterday evening . Raphael Delouya
Yesterday 's event was sponsored by Litzman 's ministry and the child safety organization Beterem . After they delivered the opening speech , Litzman was seated in the front row of the hall with the other guests of honor , including the Health Ministry 's Director General Ronni Gamzu and Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat .
After learning that the 12-year-old girls were due to perform , Litzman was said to have asked those sitting near them how they could leave the hall and saying that they had an important telephone call to make .
As soon as the choir finished its performance , Litzman returned to their seat .
Associates of the deputy health minister confirmed that they left the hall due to the choir 's performance . Their office issued a statement saying it is Litzman 's practice not to be present when women sing and that no apology was necessary .
The statement said there should be `` understanding in respecting a person who conducts themselves in accordance with their faith . '' The statement also said , however , that Litzman left the hall to deal with the issue of hospital nurses who had walked off the job .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
Reading Time : 3 minutes
Updated : On Thursday this week ( 6 January , 2014 ) , Turkey 's Parliament gave the government the green light to block websites without having to ask permission from the court in what many are calling the most non-democratic move in the country 's history .
The blocking of websites is only the tip of the iceberg when you consider that the new law will require Internet service providers ( ISPs ) and web hosting companies operating in Turkey have been mandated to keep user 's running records for a period of two years . This means that online privacy is now essentially non-existent for Turkish netizens unless they use a VPN .
Turkey 's internet campaign began in 2007 . The law that drew attention in 2007 and is now serving as the foundation for more developments in Turkey 's is Law No . 5651 on Regulating Broadcasting in the Internet and Fighting Against Crimes Committed through Internet Broadcasting .
The introduction of the law in 2007 was perceived as Turkey 's attempt to suppress online gambling and hate-speech against Turkey 's beloved former President Mustafa Kemal Atatürk in Turkish cyberspace . The Turkish Parliament building and its surrounding streets have been ablaze with debates and protests over the allegedly anti-democratic move .
Statistics from the World Bank confirm that Turkey has a considerably high literacy rate ( Over 90 % ) and nearly half the population frequently uses the internet ( Over 45 % ) . It is therefore no surprise that Turkish citizens are fully aware of their civil right to Internet Freedom and protesting on the streets of Istanbul , Ankara and the coastal city of Izmi .
Details about the specifics that the government wants ISPs to log still remain to be announced as political analysts and privacy advocates anticipate Turkey 's censorship measures to make the headlines with a higher frequency in the near future . We will update this blog frequently with developments as they take place .
Related Article : PayPal and eBay Hacked : Syrian Electronic Army Strikes Again
In the wild , golden eagles and wolverines can occasionally take out calves , but the most prolific hunter of both juvenile and adult reindeer is the grey wolf . In native-managed herds , the opportunistic wolverine is the primary threat to the young and injured .
The species lives throughout the arctic circle , and there are many subspecies , specialized for life on everything from the open tundra , bushy plains , dense woodland , and rocky mountain forests . Both sexes grow antlers that are branching and flat at the end . These are the only Cervidae where all individuals grow antlers . The antlers are crucial to foraging during the winter , when the species subsides off of mosses , fungi , and lichen beneath the snow .
The name Reindeer probably came from the Sami ( native Laplanders ) name for the species , Raingo . The name Caribou came from the Mi'kmaq ( First Nations language spoken from Nova Scotia all the way through Boston ) name , qalipu , meaning “ snow shoveler ” , coming from its winter foraging habits .
In industrial literature , “ nitrite ” is synonymous with “ cyano - ” . So yes , the nitrile gloves you find in the doctor 's office are so named because of the cyanide group in their rubber . Cyanide is natural , organic , and free of GMOs , gluten , and artificial sweeteners , so feel free to consume them .
biomedicalephemera :
Syphilitic skull . Tertiary syphilis , untreated for ~27 years . 1910 . From National Museum of Health and Medicine .
Edited to add :
So , back then , people did n't really have a lot of options . You got syphilis , you were done , if it came to this . Sucks , but hey , that 's how it goes . If you were lucky you 'd just get weird permanent sores on your skin .
But these days people think , “ Oh , syphilis , what a quaint old disease ! ” And since the bacteria shows up as just a rash in its first stage , and has very few ( if any ) symptoms in its second , PEOPLE DO N'T KNOW THEY HAVE IT .
The secondary stage can last for 1-20 years after the initial rash goes away , and becomes almost untreatable once the disease reaches its tertiary phase . Tertiary syphilis can manifest in nearly any part of the body , including the brain ( neurosyphilis ) , bones , and internal organs .
GET TESTED . Seriously ! The cure before the tertiary stage is literally just a short course of antibiotics or an antibiotic injection !
There are more than 100,000 cases per year in the USA , and that number is only going up as of 2016 .
Fun fact : The largest increase in syphilis cases ( as well as almost all other STIs ) in North America is in people who are 65+ , living in assisted living or nursing facilities . Because there 's almost no risk of pregnancy at that age , people tend not to use contraception , including condoms , and being in constant close contact with each other means that sexual liaisons are not uncommon .
VANCOUVER , B.C . – Pedro Morales may only be 10 games into their first Major League Soccer season , but the Vancouver Whitecaps ' Designated Player has already shown what a pivotal piece they are likely to be in the team 's playoff push .
Whitecaps coach Carl Robinson has described Morales as a player who makes those around them better , and the numbers bear that out as the team 's co-leader in goals ( three ) and assists ( three ) . Perhaps the most surprising stat , however , is that despite all of Vancouver 's dangerous attackers , Morales also leads the team in shots with 30 .
`` I 'm a very technical player with what I consider very good vision , '' Morales told MLSsoccer.com through a translator when asked to describe themselves as a player . `` I like to get forward and score goals . ''
Saturday 's 2-2 draw against the Seattle Sounders was the Chilean 's first experience of the atmosphere and passion of a Cascadia derby , which they feel will `` slowly get there '' to be among the biggest rivalries in football . And he 'll get a taste of another Cascadia rivalry Sunday when the Whitecaps visit the Portland Timbers ( 9 pm ET ; MLS Free Stream of the Week , TSN2 in Canada ) .
Morales , who picked up an assist on Erik Hurtado 's goal , described the game as a `` battle. ” That passion almost boiled over in the 51st minute with a mass confrontation that has now seen both sides warned and Morales fined for their role in proceedings .
It was an incident that stemmed from Seattle midfielder Gonzalo Pineda slapping the ball out of Robinson 's hands , which brought some simmering tension in the game to a head .
`` It 's just one of things that happen in soccer , '' Morales said . `` But honestly , I did n't like the way the player disrespected the coach , so I got a little heated , but it was nothing major . ''
Morales made the move to Vancouver from La Liga side Málaga just before the start of the season . After a career that has seen them ply their trade in Chile , Croatia and Spain , Morales is feeling right at home in MLS .
`` I feel comfortable , '' Morales said . `` I hope the league keeps growing as it is . There are a lot of good players , and it 's very competitive . ''
Get the latest VWFC news at WhitecapsFC.com
Helping Morales settle in to their new surroundings are the number of other Spanish speakers within the Whitecaps squad , a number that could grow in the summer transfer window .
Amongst that number is Vancouver 's assistant coach Martyn Pert , who feels that Morales brings a lot more than just goals and assists to the club .
`` He brings a good spirit to the group , '' Pert told MLSsoccer.com . `` He 's humble . Having a DP that 's humble is important . They really feels part of the dressing room and really acts part of the dressing room .
`` He 's got qualities , and they bring out the qualities in players because they can move the ball quickly . They just does things that you do n't see . Maybe as coaches you look and think maybe go there , maybe go there . They do something different and it comes off . He 's an exciting player to watch . ''
For the American diver , see Bob Clotworthy
Voice sample by Robert Clotworthy A short voice sample from Robert Clotworthy . Problems playing this file ? See media help .
Robert Bruce Clotworthy ( born October 24 , 1955 ) is an American actor and voice actor . A narrator Best known as the narrator for the History Channel series Ancient Aliens and The Curse of Oak Island And their role as the voice of Jim Raynor in the StarCraft video game series [ 1 ] They have worked in over 100 feature films , television programs , and video games . [ citation needed ]
Early career [ edit ]
Clotworthy 's career as a voice actor began when they were fifteen : `` My father was a producer of radio commercials and from an early age I would accompany them to recording sessions . I met some of the finest voice talent ( Jerry Stiller , Anne Meara , Mel Blanc , June Foray etc . ) and they inspired me . `` [ 2 ]
Filmography [ edit ]
Role as Jim Raynor [ edit ]
Clotworthy stars as the voice of Jim Raynor in the StarCraft series of real-time strategy video games . Clotworthy first appeared as Raynor in StarCraft , in which Raynor was a major character heavily involved in the game 's storyline . They reprised their role in the expansion StarCraft : Brood War . [ 3 ] A reader 's poll for GameSpot voted Raynor one of video gaming 's top ten heroes , with GameSpot giving specific praise to the quality of Clotworthy 's voice acting . [ 4 ]
Twelve years after the release of StarCraft , Clotworthy reprised their role as Raynor in StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty . [ 1 ] The storyline of Wings of Liberty focuses primarily on the Terrans and Raynor in particular , with Raynor taking the role of main character . A review of Wings of Liberty on ITP.net stated that Raynor was `` voiced to perfection '' by Clotworthy [ 5 ] and they were selected as the winner of `` GotY Awards 2010 – Best Voice Acting '' by reactiontime.co.uk . [ 6 ] Clotworthy returned to the role with the expansions StarCraft II : Heart of the Swarm and StarCraft II : Legacy of the Void , as well as Blizzard Entertainment 's multiplayer online battle arena Heroes of the Storm . [ 7 ]
Other roles [ edit ]
Clotworthy has worked in over 100 feature films and television programs . [ 2 ] They appeared as `` Forensic Technician '' in four episodes of the 1980s U.S. TV series Hunter . [ 8 ] Clotworthy was the narrator on the Emmy nominated documentaries Empire of Dreams : The Making of the Star Wars Trilogy and Star Wars : The Legacy Revealed . Clotworthy even worked on The Lego Movie Videogame . Clotworthy also narrated Indiana Jones and the Ultimate Quest and Batman Unmasked : The Psychology of the Dark Knight . [ 9 ] Clotworthy is also known for voicing the character Marshall Law in both Tekken 5 and its expansion , Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection . They have guest starred on The Big Bang Theory , Two and a Half Men and on China , IL . In 2014 , Clotworthy voiced the Espheni ( referred to as `` The Monk '' ) in the TNT series Falling Skies , and made an on-screen appearance in American Sniper as a Veteran Affairs doctor who consults with Chris Kyle . Clotworthy also voiced the Black Knight , Zelgius , and Finn in Nintendo 's mobile title , Fire Emblem Heroes . [ 10 ]
YouTube Gaming , a new network dedicated to video games , launched this week . Now , comedian/late night TV host Jimmy Kimmel has poked fun at the the platform 's concept : watching people play video games . During last night 's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live , Kimmel talked about why they think it 's a silly idea .
`` To me , watching another person play video games is like going to a restaurant and having someone eat your food for you , '' they said . `` If you like them , play them . '' They described YouTube Gaming as the `` we-should-all-be-very-ashamed-of-ourselves-for-failing-as-parents channel . ''
They went on to admit that he 's `` getting old , '' and said when they were a kid , the only time they watched people play video games is when they ran out of quarters for an arcade machine . Kimmel acknowledged that there is big money in watching people play video games , but said PewDiePie 's reported $ 4 million in annual earnings is what you 'd have to pay them to watch one of the videos on YouTube Gaming .
Kimmel 's team even produced a funny video segment that asks the question : `` If you 're a video game player who likes to watch other gamers play games , where does it end ? '' Take a look at the video below .
As you might have guessed , commenters on the video are ripping Kimmel for their opinion . `` You have royally f * * ked up . There is no other way to say it , '' one person said . Another person said the video is `` straight ignorant , '' pointing out watching people do things is already commonplace and accepted in society
`` I get that Jimmy Kimmel could be a bit out of touch since he 's not familiar with the scene but why attack it ? '' a user going by MissesMae said . `` The same could be said about anything : why go to sporting events if you can play it yourself ? Why go to concerts when you can sing in the shower ? ''
What do you make of Kimmel 's comments ? Share your thoughts below .
It may seem odd , but in the European Union citizens have a near-blanket right to compel companies to release personal data held about them . The concept is sometimes referred to in its Latin shorthand : habeas data . It 's the principle through which an Austrian law student has become a thorn in the side of Facebook , trying to compel the social network to disclose the vast amount of data that it holds about him .
Here in the United States , we generally do n't have this right .
But after lobbying by the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California , California Assembly Member Bonnie Lowenthal ( who represents parts of the Los Angeles area ) recently introduced a bill that could extend that concept to the Golden State for the first time . The `` Right to Know Act of 2013 '' ( AB 1291 ) was re-read and amended a second time on Monday .
The Legislative Counsel 's Digest summarizes the bill as it is currently written this way :
This bill would instead require any business that retains a customer 's personal information , as defined , or discloses that information to a third party , to provide at no charge , within 30 days of the customer 's specified request , a copy of that information to the customer as well as the names and contact information for all third parties with which the business has shared the information during the previous 12 months , regardless of any business relationship with the customer . This bill would require that a business subject to these provisions choose one of several specified options to provide the customer with a designated address for use in making a request for copies of information under these provisions .
If a company does not comply , citizens can file a civil suit to force compliance .
California has a history of pushing privacy concepts into law and influencing non-California businesses to comply . For example , the California Online Privacy Protection Act requires websites to prominently describe data collection and use . ( Condé Nast , Ars ' parent company , does this even though it is not based in California . )
As the EFF wrote on Tuesday : “ Hopefully , as companies put efficient systems into place to enable Californians to learn what is happening to their data , it will be easy for the companies to make those systems available to people outside of California . And like California 's model for data breach notification laws , ( first enacted in California in 2002 and now integrated into law in 46 states , the District of Columbia , Guam , Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands ) , transparency will become the default , helping consumers while saving companies money down the line . ”
The Nintendo GameCube is a sixth generation video game console initially released on September 14 , 2001 in Japan . It was developed and manufactured by Nintendo .
Nintendo first mentioned a successor to the Nintendo 64 on March 3 , 1999 , a day after Sony 's announcement of the PlayStation 2 , the successor to the Sony PlayStation One . Two months later , on May 12 , 1999 , Nintendo of America 's former chairperson Howard Lincoln officially announced the console , which would be codenamed `` Dolphin '' . Nintendo remained quiet for over a year about `` Dolphin , '' preferring to focus on the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color at E3 2000 . It was n't until August 24 , 2000 , a day before Spaceworld 2000 , that the company officially unveiled the GameCube , the end result of the `` Dolphin '' project .
The heart of the GameCube is a IBM-developed CPU called the `` Gekko . '' The Gekko is based on IBM 's general-purpose PowerPC 750CXe with custom features . The system 's 202.5 MHz GPU , called `` Flipper , '' was designed by ArtX and after ATi bought ArtX , was produced by ATi .
For its storage medium , the GameCube uses 8 cm discs based on the DVD , developed by Matsushita ( Panasonic ) , that can hold up to 1.5GB . Since they are smaller than traditional DVDs , the GameCube is not able to play DVD movies , though through a partnership with Nintendo , Panasonic manufactured and distributed the Panasonic Q , a hybrid DVD-player console with GameCube hardware .
The GameCube 's controller combines elements from just about every controller before it , as well as introducing a few innovations of its own . In addition to the standard analog stick , D-pad and shoulder buttons , Nintendo has added an analog C-stick ( often referred to as the camera-stick ) replacing the four yellow C-buttons from the Nintendo 64 controller , moved the Z-button to the right shoulder and rearranged the button configuration so that there is a large A button surrounded by the X , Y and B buttons and having the middle part from the Nintendo 64 controller removed for better comfort .
The shoulder buttons L and R are both analogue , allowing the console to know how far they are pushed in , for things like throttle in racing games . Like the Nintendo 64 , the GameCube features four controller ports . The regular GameCube memory card holds 4 megabits of data , but the Digicard Adapter will allow for flash memory cards that can hold 64MB to 128MB , effectively giving the console the functionality of the failed 64DD add-on for the N64 . A choice between a 56K modem and broadband adapter was available for online connectivity , but neither of these add-ons were included with the console .
Unlike the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color , which connect using an adapter , the GameCube can interface directly with the Game Boy Advance via the Game Boy Advance to Nintendo GameCube Link Cable to transmit information back and forth . The last title released for the GameCube was Madden '08 . In 2006 , the GameCube was succeeded by the Wii . In 2007 , production of GameCube games were discontinued . Hardware and software sales concluded in 2009 .
Contents show ]
History and development
Development on the GameCube began after the launch of the Nintendo 64 . Nintendo has stated multiple times that the moment a system is launched , the plans to create its successor are already in motion . Prior to the launch of the GameCube , Nintendo referred to it as the Nintendo Dolphin . Indeed , several video games released near the launch of the console bare references to this popular codename .
Nintendo designer Shigeru Miyamoto has stated that the transition from developing on the Nintendo 64 to the GameCube was fairly easy when compared to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System to Nintendo 64 transition . They compared the move to the NES to SNES changeover in that basically the GameCube was n't as much of a revolution as it was an evolution over its predecessor .
The design of the GameCube has often been criticized . During the launch of the Wii , even Nintendo recognized that several critics thought that the GameCube was designed to look like a toy . The handle in particular caused several pundits to joke that the piece of hardware looked like a lunchbox . The controller , on the other hand , was greatly praised for being comfortable , and the Wavebird in particular was lauded for its wireless capabilities . Nintendo implemented a digital and analog mode in the controller 's L and R buttons , new to the system .
Interface
The GameCube menu is unlike the Xbox or PlayStation 2 menus . The music for the Gamecube menu seems unique and especially slow at first , but when sped up around 19 times , the tune is actually a slightly lower pitched version of the Famicom Disk System 's BIOS .
There are also several Easter egg start-up noises activated by pressing the Z button on a specific amount of controllers . If you hold the Z button on 1 controller when turning the system on , you will hear squeaky noises and a baby 's laughter at the end . Holding the Z button on all 4 controllers produces a Japanese oriental style sound effect , with a man shouting a battle cry at the end .
Menu
The menu is a cube , and consists of 5 different screens . The first is the picture you see on the right , the second being where you start up the game , the third being where you adjust the screens position and sound , the fourth being where you can erase , copy or move data on your memory card ( s ) and the last one tells you the date and time . It was removed when the Nintendo Wii had backward compatibility for the Nintendo GameCube . This has been changed due to Wii having settings for the GameCube memory cards and Wii settings .
Hardware
Technical specifications
Central processing unit ( CPU ) 486 MHz IBM `` Gekko '' PowerPC CPU
PowerPC 750CXe-based core
180 nm IBM copper-wire process , 43 mm² die , 4.9 W dissipation
Roughly 50 new vector instructions
32-bit ALU
64-bit FPU ( 1.9 GFLOPS , usable as 2×32-bit SIMD )
64-bit enhanced PowerPC 60x front side bus to GPU/chipset , 162 MHz clock , 1.3 GB/s peak bandwidth
64 KB ( 32 KB I/32 KB D ) L1 cache ( 8-way associative ) , 256 KB on-die L2 cache ( 2-way associative )
1125 DMIPS ( dhrystone 2.1 ) System memory 43 MB total non-unified RAM
24 MB MoSys 1T-SRAM ( codenamed `` Splash '' ) main system RAM , 324 MHz , 64-bit bus , 2.7 GB/s bandwidth
3 MB embedded 1T-SRAM within `` Flipper '' Split into 1 MB texture buffer and 2 MB framebuffer 10.4 to 12.8 GB/s texture read peak bandwidth , [ 1 ] 7.6 GB/s framebuffer peak bandwidth , ~6.2 ns latency
16 MB DRAM used as buffer for DVD drive and audio , 81 MHz , 8-bit bus , 81 MB/s bandwidth
3.2 GB/s main memory bandwidth , [ 1 ] under 10 ns latency [ 2 ] Connectivity 4 controller ports , 2 memory card slots
MultiAV analog audio/video port : interlaced composite , Y/C ( NTSC models only ) , and RGB ( PAL models only ) video , stereophonic analog audio
Digital audio/video port : interlaced or progressive scan YCBCR video , RGB video , stereophonic I²S audio
Resolutions : 480i , 576i , 480p
High-speed serial ports : 2 Serial Port 1 is reserved for a broadband adapter or modem adapter Serial Port 2 is unused
High-speed parallel ports : 1 ( reserved for the Game Boy Player )
Power supply output : 12 volts DC x 3.25 amperes
Physical Measurements : 110 mm ( H ) × 150 mm ( W ) × 161 mm ( D ) ; [ 4.3 '' ( H ) × 5.9 '' ( W ) × 6.3 '' ( D ) ] Graphics processing unit * 162 MHz `` Flipper '' LSI ( co-developed by Nintendo and ArtX , acquired by ATI ) 180 nm NEC eDRAM-compatible process
9.4 GFLOPS [ 2 ]
4 pixel pipelines with 1 texture unit each [ 12 ]
4 pixel shaders , 1 vertex shader , 4 ROP ( render output ) units [ 3 ]
TEV `` Texture EnVironment '' engine ( similar to Nvidia 's GeForce-class `` register combiners '' )
Fixed-function hardware transform and lighting ( T & L )
Polygon performance : 90 million polygons/second raw [ 1 ] 20+ million polygons/second in-game [ 14 ] [ 4 ]
648 megapixels/second ( 162 MHz × 4 pipelines ) , 648 megatexels/second ( 648 MP × 1 texture unit ) ( peak ) Peak triangle performance : 20,250,000 32-pixel triangles/second with 1 texture and lit 337,500 triangles a frame at 60 FPS 675,000 triangles a frame at 30 FPS
Estimated internal bandwidth : 20-25 GB/s ( peak ) [ 1 ]
8 simultaneous texture layers per pass , [ 1 ] [ 4 ] texture compression , full scene anti-aliasing [ 14 ]
texture compression , full scene anti-aliasing [ 14 ] 8 simultaneous hardware light sources
Bilinear , trilinear , and anisotropic texture filtering
Multi-texturing , bump mapping , reflection mapping , 24-bit z-buffer
24-bit RGB/32-bit RGBA color depth Hardware limitations sometimes require a 6r+6g+6b+6a mode ( 18-bit color ) , resulting in color banding .
720 × 480 interlaced ( 480i ) or progressive scan ( 480p ) - 60 Hz , 720 × 576 interlaced ( 576i ) - 50 Hz
Integrated audio processor : Custom 81 MHz Macronix DSP Instruction memory : 8 KB RAM , 8 KB ROM Data memory : 8 KB RAM , 4 KB ROM 64 channels 16-bit 48 kHz ADPCM [ 14 ] Dolby Pro Logic II multi-channel information encoded within stereophonic output
GameCube Disc Panasonic-developed CAV miniDVD-like 8 cm optical disc , 2.000 MB/s–3.125 MB/s transfer rate , 128 ms average access time , 1.5 GB capacity
Memory cards of varying sizes for saved game storage
Games
Top Ten GameCube Best Sellers
Canceled Games
Several games were originally under development by Rare for the GameCube . However , the acquisition of the company by Microsoft meant that Rare could not develop for the GameCube anymore , so these games were canceled . With the exception of Donkey Kong Racing , which was altogether cancelled , most other well known projects planned for the GameCube were developed for the Xbox but , due to development issues , eventually released on the Xbox 360 . Perfect Dark Zero and Kameo involved cosmetic changes whilst Banjo-Threeie was turned into Banjo-Kazooie : Nuts and Bolts .
Legacy
The GameCube performed rather poorly , saleswise . Following the GameCube 's launch , Miyamoto admitted that it had sold far less than they and Nintendo had expected . It is Nintendo 's third worst selling performing system of all time only doing better than the Virtual Boy and the Wii U . The PlayStation had caused Nintendo to lose its market share during the Nintendo 64 generation , and the GameCube just made matters worse . The PlayStation 2 's sales numbers dwarfed those of the GameCube 's , while the Xbox sold slightly more .
Interestingly , however , during the GameCube generation Nintendo made more money that their competitors , thanks in part to the Game Boy Advance and the moderate sales of the GameCube and its software . Whereas Nintendo made money almost every year from the launch to the discontinuation of the system , the competition 's game departments regularly lost money .
The GameCube featured several titles that today are noted for their quality . Retro Studios made their video game debut with Metroid Prime on the GameCube . Upon being announced , many speculated whether a Western developer , especially one that had just been established , could create a successor to what was generally regarded as one of the greatest games of all time , Super Metroid .
Their earnest hard work and determination paid off , as Metroid Prime was not only critically acclaimed but sold millions of units as well . Another Western Nintendo developer , Nintendo Software Technology in Washington , also made a big splash on the GameCube with Wave Race : Blue Storm and 1080° Avalanche . Canadian developer Silicon Knights created one of Nintendo 's only Mature-rated video games , Eternal Darkness : Sanity 's Requiem .
While Western developers proved themselves greatly on the system , Japanese companies developed more successful software . Super Smash Bros. Melee is considered by most to be a huge improvement over the Nintendo 64 original Super Smash Bros. , and is the best selling title on the system . The GameCube was also the height of the Mario Party franchise , with an astounding four video games being released for the system , more than any other console . The Pikmin franchise began on the GameCube , with Pikmin and Pikmin 2 both being huge successes for Nintendo .
The GameCube was the last Nintendo console that Rare , the English developer known for Donkey Kong Country , Banjo-Kazooie and GoldenEye 007 , developed for . After a lackluster reception for Star Fox Adventures , Nintendo sold their shares in Rare to Microsoft for over $ 300 million . Microsoft has stated that they purchased Rare in order to lighten their image , despite one of Rare 's first games for the company being a remake to the M-rated Nintendo 64 title Conker 's Bad Fur Day .
Manual
